1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1613
from South Carolina in regard to the respons-
ibilities that devolve upon this officer.
Mr. SAWYER. I say this gentleman is one
who has the management of the funds which go
to pay the whole letter-carrier system, and
$1,800,000 are subject practically to his action.
Of course, whenever there is an appeal from his
action, it goes to the head of the Department.
But in effect and in practice he is the person who
has control of the whole fund for the payment
of this whole system,' and by this bill large
and additional duties are imposed upon him;
and the proposition is to pay him, instead of
§1,800. $2 500 a year—$700 more.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Then I would ask my
colleague will it, not create an additional office,
and will not. this man's present place be filled
by some other officer?
Mr. SAWYER. This officer, I will say to
my colleague, has already the superintendence
of this whole carrier system, and this bill in-
creases that system by exteudingit to all towns
of twenty thousand inhabitants and upward,
which will add thirty towns more; and that
will increase the business largely. But there is
no new office created by the amendment, but
simply additional compensation.
Mr. ROBERTSON." 1 ask does it make an
additional office ?
Mr. COLE. Let the amendment be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
And for the more efficient organization of the free-
delivery system the Postmaster General may ap-
point a superintendent of free delivery m the Post
Office Department, at an annual salary of $2,.w0,
who shall be paid out of the appropriation for letter-
carriers.
Mr. SAWYER. If this be understood to
create a new office, I move to amend so that
the Postmaster General may detail a fourth-
class clerk, at an additional salary of $/00, for
this service.
Mr. WEST. Let us add a proviso :
Provided. That this clause shall not be con-
strued to increase the force engaged m the tree-
delivery system.
Mr. SAWYER. I have no objection to
any form of doing it. There is no new office
in fact.
Mr. DAVIS. I was under the impression
that, after the repeal of the franking privilege,
free delivery was going to be reduced ; but I
hear now that it is going to be increased.
However, to test whether there is a disposition
to increase the salary or uot, I move to lay the
amendment on the table.
The motion was uot agreed to; ayes nine,
noes not counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Ihe ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senatoi
from Louisiana [Mr West] to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr.
Ramsey.]
Mr. RAMSEY. I accept it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It cannot
be accepted unless by unanimous consent. J-t
there be no objection, the amendment will be
so modified. . ,
Mr. HAMLIN. Let it be read as it stands.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And for the more efficient organization of the
free-delivery system thePostmastffi£ve"e/ai^
appoint a superintendent of free dell™ry mthe
Po«t Office Department, at an annual salary ot
$2,500, who shall be paid out of the aPPWnatmn
tor letter-carriers: Provided, Xnat tne lorce now
employed fn the free-delivery system shall cot
hereby be increased.
Mr. SAWYER. I propose that he may
appoint a fourth-class clerk as superintendent.
That takes away all question of a new office.
Mr. WEST. Although that does take away
the question of a new office, it incites every
fourth-class clerk to ask for some similar con-
cession in favor of himself. 1 he modification
1 propose is:
PrnviAed, That this appointment shall ■not be
construed to increase the torce employed in the free-
delivery system.
Mr. HAMLIN. That another man sh 11
not be put in a fourth-class clerkship?
Mr. WEST. That is it.
The Chief Clerk read Mr. Sawyer's amend-
ment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I take it the Postmaster
General feels that because of the increased
duties, an additional officer is necessary to
discharge the service required; and. in that
view of it I do admire the closing part of the
amendment. It may be set down as a new
discovery, and it ought to go to the Patent
Office for a patent, in my judgment., that the
Postmaster General shall be authorized to
appoint a man and shall not increase the
force employed in the service.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator misunder-
stands. The purpose is to add to the com-
pensation of the man who already has this
business to do, but whose duties are increased
by this bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I should say so in
just so many words.
Mr. SAWYER. That is what I wanted to
say; but objection was made to creating a new
office.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I would say that he
should assign one of the existing officers to
that service with just such a compensation.
That is saying just what you mean in plain
language. I am with the Senator, only I like
to have the thing stated in plain language. I
think it is much better.
Mr. SAWYER. That is the proposition
of the Senator from Louisiana ; not mine. _
Mr. COLE. It is simply an attempt to legis-
late according to the desires of some particu-
lar individual We are, 1 believe, making
laws for the public as public laws, but we ought
to be governed by some rulo ; and when a
matter like this receives the consideration of
the proper committee and is presented on the
proper bill, I shall be ready to consider it;
but to have it attached to an appropriation
bill, I think, is entirely out of order. It is
entirely out of the customary course for mat-
ters of this kind, and I hope it will be voted
down.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Ihe ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from South Carolina to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Minnesota.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Louisiana propose his amend-
ment now ?
Mr. WEST. How does the amendment as
it now stands read?
The Chirp Clerk, The amendment reads :
And for the more efficientoreanization of the free-
delivery system, the Postmaster General may ap-
point a tourth-class clerk to act as superintendent
of free deli-'cry in the Post office Department, who
shall be paid out of the appropriation for letter-
carriers.
Mr. WEST. No; I do not press ray sug-
gestion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendmentof the Senator from
Minnesota as amended.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to inquire
whether the additional appropriation is in that
amendment now?
Mr. RAMSEY. He is to be_ paid out ot
the appropriations for letter-carriers.
Mr. SAWYER. But as it was read, it was
not fixed at all.
Mr. CASSERLY. Let it be read.
Mr. SAWYER. Let it be read in full.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And for the more efficient organization of the
free-delivery system, the Postmaster General may
appoint a fourth-class clerk to act as superintendent
of free-delivery in the Post Offiee Department, who
shall be paid out of the appropriation tor letter-
carriers.
Mr. SAWYER. Is there nothing about the
amount t) be paid?
Mr RAMSET. " At an annual compensa-
tion of $2,G00."
The Chief Clerk. The amendment, origin-
ally proposed reads, "at an annual salary of
$2,500."
Mr. SAWYER. I supposed that was still
in it.
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly. The expecta-
tion was that that was in it.
Mr. SAWYER. As it stands, it would leave
it just as it is now.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is that amendment in-
creasing a salary in order? When you increase
a salary under an appropriation bill, it must
be limited to the same term to which the
appropriations in the bill are limited. That is
my point of order. I propose to obviate the
objection which I raised by inserting " such
increase of salary to be limited to the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1874
Mr. SAWYER. All the appropriations are
limited to that year. We have nothing to do
but to strike it down next year if we do uot
like it.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator's remark
is not an answer to my objection. I repeat
that any provision increasing a salary upon an
appropriation bill, uuless it is limited to the
year for which the appropriation bill is to be
passed, is out of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stew-
art in the chair.) As the Chair understands
the proviso, the language would have the effect
to extend it beyond the year.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I move to insert
the language of limitation which 1 suggested,
" such increase of salary to terminate with the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1874." I cannot
see any objection to that. It is according to
the rule, and simply expresses the rule in
unmistakable terms.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be agreed to if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. RAMSEY. I wish the Secretary to
read the amendment in its corrected form.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And for the more efficient organization of the free-
delivery system, the Postmaster Oeneial may ap-
point a fourth-class clerk to act as superintendent
of free delivery in ihe Post Office Department at an
annual salary of $2,500, who shall be paid out of the
appropriation for letter-earners: Jfrovided, That the
salary hereby fixed shall terminate at the end of
the fiscal year ending June 30,1874.
Mr. WEST. A short, time ago the Senator
from Maine criticised "the peculiar language in
which I sought to restrict the Post Office
Department from increasing the number of its
employes. 1 proposed that, although this
man should be appointed, he should be ap-
pointed from one of the clerks. Now, as the
amendment reads, you have given authority to
the Postmaster General to appoint a new
fourth-class clerk, and make that fourth class
clerk's compensation $2,500; and yet you
have increased your force and given one man
an increased compensation. If you had limited
it in the other way you would have required
him to take the office who now discharges the
duty, and you would have given him the
$2,500 ; but as a consequence of your action
now you have a new officer saddled on this
Government, and we shall have it here con-
tinually from this Department year after year.
Last year we had the same thing from that
Department in the depredation office ; and con-
sequently we had a gentleman installed there
who I believe renders very efficient service to
the Government in that capacity; and now it
is proposed to have another one, and next
year we shall have another one. Now, that
is this amendment. You have provided for
another fourth-class clerk, only this time he
gets $2,500, while hitherto he has only had
$1,800.
Mr. FLANAGAN. It is remarkable to me
that such objections should be raised as the
one forcibly presented by my distinguished
friend from Louisiana, [Mr. West.] Is it
anything very remarkable, is it alarming that
a proposition is submitted in the Senate of the
