PRIVATE ACTS OP THE FORTY-SECOSD CONGRESS
OF TUB
UNITED STATES,
Passed at the Third Sesswn, which was begun and heU at the Oiiy of Washington, in the District of Columbia, on
Monday, the 2d day of December, A. D. 1872, and was adjourned without day on Tuesday, the 4th day of
March, A. D. 1873. y J
Ulysses S. Grant, President. Schuyler Colfax, Vice President and Prudent of the Senate. James G. Blaine,
Speaker of the Hoase of Bepresentatives.
Chap. III.—An Act for the Relief of John
Black, late Consul of the United States at
■ the City of Mexico.
Be it enacted by tte Senate and Souse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized and directed to
pay to John Black, late consul of the United
States at the city of Mexico, the rate of com-
pensation allowed by law to a secretary of lega-
tion, for his diplomatic services to the United
States in Mexico during the suspension of dip-
lomatic intercourse between Mexico and the
United States, from the fifteenth day of Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, to the
fifteenth day of April, eighteen hundred and
fifty-nine, inclusive.
Approved, December 13, 1872.
Chap. YI.—An Act to authorize the proper
Accounting Officers of the Treasury to settle
with F. M. Cordeiro.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Souse of Bep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury are hereby author-
ized and directed to settle with F. M. Cordeiro
for his services as acting consul of the United
States at the port of Rio de Janeiro, from the
time when Henry E. Milford ceased to be vice
consul to the time when Charles T. Thweatt
assumed the duties of consul during the year
eighteen hundred and seventy, and to allow
said F. M. Cordeiro compensation for said
period of time at the rate now allowed by law
to a United States consul at said port; and the
sum so allowed shall be paid from the appro-
priation for salaries of consuls.
Approved, December 17, 1872.
Chap. VII.—An Act to remove the Disabili-
ties of Lucius Q. C. Lamar, of Mississippi.
Beitenacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, (two thirds of each House
concurring therein,) That all disabilities im-
posed by reason of the third- section of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States of America, upon Lucius Q.
C. Lamar, of the county of Lafayette, in the
State of Mississippi, by reason of his partici-
pation in the late rebellion, be, and the same
are hereby, removed.
Approved, December 17, 1872.
313
Chap. IX.—Ab Act for th  Relief of Thomas
C. Martin, Emilia B. Martin, Jane (J. Mar-
tin, and Lesonor Martin, children of J. E.
Martin, deceased.
Be U enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he hereby is, directed, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to pay to Thomas 0. Martin,
Emilia E. Martin, JaneG. Martin, andLeonor
Martin, children of J. E. Martin, deceased, or
their legal representatives, the sum of two
thousand two hundred and sixty-seven dollars
and thirty-five cents, in full for services per-
formed by J. E. Martin, as acting chargfe d'af-
faires of the United States at Lisbon, from July
nineteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty, to June
fifteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-one. But
said money shall not be paid to any person
holding a power of attorney or assignment
executed prior to the passage of this act.
Approved, December 19, 1872.
Chap. X.—An Act for the Relief of William
Howard.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Ilouseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States ofAmericain
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
required to pay, or cause to be paid, to Wil-
liam Howard, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of
one hundred and sixty-five dollars, as compen-
sation in full for one horse and forty bushels
of corn, taken from Him by W. T. Bennett, A.
A. Q. M., twentieth army corps, on the part
of the United States Government.
Approved, December 19, 1872.
Chap. XI.—An Act for the relief of Samuel
Hitchcock.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United States qf America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to
cause to be paid to Samuel Hitchcock, of Illi-
nois, who was commissioned and served as a
second lieutenant in company B, thirty-sixth
regiment of Illinois volunteers, the pay and
allowances of a second lieutenant for such time
as he actually served as a lieutenant or was a
prisoner in tie hand; of the enemy after hav-
ing so served, deducting therefrom whatever
pay he rsoeived as a sergeant for the sajne
period, and the said payment shall be. made
from any money appropriated for the pay of
the Army.
Approved, December 20, 1872.
Chap. XVI.—An Act for the Relief of Scales
and Manning, of Nashville, Tennessee.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Horace G. Scales
and Samuel H. Manning, of Nashville, Ten-
nessee, and the survivor of them, their heirs,
administrators, and assigns, be, and they are
hereby, permitted to commence and carry on
the business of distilling in and at their distillery
recently erected in Davidson county,Tennessee,
upen a tract of land devised to the said Scales
by the last will and testament of Charles Bos-
ley, deceased, but for the accomplishment of
certain trusts in said will named and limited in
favor of persons incapable of giving the consent
required by section eight of the act entitled
"An act imposing taxes on distilled spirits and
tobacco, and for other purposes," approved
July twentieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight, upon compliance with all the provisions
of law now existing, or that may hereafter be
enacted, applicable to distilleries erected prior
to the twentieth day of July, one thousand
eight hundred and sixty-eight.
Approved, December 24, 1872.
Chap. XXVI.—An Act for the Relief of Tins-
ley, Van Horn and Company, Glenn, Over-
all and Clark, and J. N. Henderson and
Company, of Louisiana, Missouri.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
investigate the claims of Tinsley, Van Horn
and Company, Glenn, Overall and Clark, and
James N. Henderson and Company, tobacco-
nists, of the city of Louisiana, Missouri, for
the abatement and remission of certain taxes
assessed against them for the months of Octo-
ber and November, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, and to abate and remit, in whole or m
part, as he may think just, the taxes so as afore-
said assessed against the said firms upon their
property destroyed by fire on the fifteenth day
of November, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven : Provided, That no abatement or remis-
sion of taxes, as aforesaid, shall be made or
allowed, except for taxes which actually ac-
