314
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 20,
42d Cong 3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
crued upon tobacco destroyed by sai
which remain due and uncollected.
Approved, January 10, 1873.
[ fire, and
Chap. XXVII.—An Act repealing an Act enti-
tled "An Act granting a Pension to Joanna
L. Shaw."
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act approved July
twenty-seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight,, entitled "An act granting a pension to
Joanna L. Shaw," be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
Approved, January 10, 1873.
Chap. XXVIII.—An Act for the payment of
R. M. Green for the use of his Patent by the
Government.
Be it enacted by the Senwte and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and is hereby, directed to pay to
R. M. Green, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of ten
thousand dollars, as payment in full for his
patent for a machine for bending chain cable
links, connecting shackles, and tackle hooks.
Approved, January 10, 1873.
Chap. XXIX.—An ActfortbeReliefofSamuel
B. Elliott, late acting Purser of the United
States vessel of war The Flirt.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury be, and they are
hereby, directed to allow Samuel B. Elliott,
late acting purser of the United States vessel
of war The Flirt, in the readjustment of his
accounts, the sum of five hundred and fifty-six
dollars and fifty-three cents, payable out of
any money now or to be appropriated for the
payment of officers and seamen of the Navy,
being the amount due for his services as acting
purser, as aforesaid, after deducting ihe amount
paid him as midshipman in the Navy for the
same period.
Approved, January 10, 1873.
CnAP. XXX.—An Act to enable Joseph Fox
to make application to the Commissioner of
Patents for the extension of Letters-Patent
for Machine for making Crackers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Joseph Fox, of
Lansingburgh, in the county of Rensselaer,
and State of New York, have leave to make
application to the Commissioner of Patents for
an extension of the letters-patentgranted to him
for a machine for making crackers under date
February first, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-nine, for the term of seven years from and
after the expiration of the original term of
fourteen years for which said letters-patent are
granted; such application to be made in the
same manner and to have the same effect as if
the same had been filed not less than ninety days
before the expiration of the aforesaid original
term of said patent. And upon such applica-
tion so filed, the Commissioner of Patents shall
be authorized to consider and determine the
same in the same manner and with the same
effect as if the application had been duly filed
within the time prescribed by law, and as if
the original term of said patent had not ex-
pired : Provided, That no person shall be held
liable for the infringement of said patent, if
extended, for making use of said invention
since the original term of said patent and prior
to the date of its extension.
Approved, January 10, 1873.
Chap. XXXI.—An Actfor the Relief of James
C. Cooke.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner
of Patents is hereby authorized to hear the
application of James C. Cooke for an exten-
sion of the patent heretofore granted him on
the fourth day of January, eighteen hundred
and fifty-nine, for an improvement in manu-
facturing webbing, and numbered twenty-two
thousand five hundred and twenty-eight, and
to grant the extension of said patent for seven
years from and after the fourth day of January,
eighteen hundred and seventy-three, in the
same manner and to the same effect as if the said
Cooke had applied for said extension ninety
days before the expiration of said patent.
Approved, January 10, 1873.
Chap. XL.—An Act for the Relief of James A.
Waymire, late a Second Lieutenant of Com-
pany M, First Cavalry, United States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep -
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Paymaster Gen-
eral of the United States Army be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to pay, out of
any money appropriated or hereafter to be ap-
propriated for the payment of the Army, to
James A. Waymire, late second lieutenant of
the first cavalry, United States Army, the pay
and emoluments of a second lieutenant of cav-
alry, from the twenty-seventh day of February,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, the date of
his assignment to active duty, to the third day
of April, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
the date of his commission.
Approved, January 17, 1873.
Chap. XLL—An Act to close the Accounts
of R. E. De Russy, late Colonel Corps of
Engineers, deceised.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of A merica in
Congress assembled, That to close the accounts
for disbursements of R. E. De Russy, late col-
onel corps of engineers, deceased, the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury be, and
they are hereby, required to allow and credit
him the sum of three thousand and sixty-six
dollars and eighty cents, or such sum as may
be necessary to close his accounts: Provided,
That this amount shall not exceed that author-
ized in the settlement of the accounts of dis-
bursing officers by the act entitled "An act to
authorize the settlement of the accounts of offi-
cers of the Army and Navy," approved June
twenty-third, eighteen hundred and seventy.
Approved, January 17, 1873.
Chap. XLII.—An Act for the Relief of S. D.
Cochran.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of two thou-
sand dollars be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated, out of the United States Treasury,
in favor of Silas D. Cochran, for services in
the executive office, as acting secretary and
executive clerk, of the Territory of Idaho.
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of the United
States Treasury is hereby authorized to pay to
Silas D. Cochran said sum of two thousand
dollars as provided in section one of this act.
J. G. BLAINE,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Vice President of ihe United States
and President of the Senate.
Received by the President January 7,1873.
[Note by the Department op State.—The
foregoing act having been presented to the
President of the United States for his approval,
and not having been returned by him to the
House of Congress in which it originated
within the time prescribed by the Constitution
of the United States, has become a law without
his approval.]
Chap. XLIV.—An Act for tbe Relief of Theo-
dore Adams.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be paid to
Theodore Adams, out of any money not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of one hundred
and twelve thousand seven hundred and forty
dollars and seventy-six cents, in full for all
claim under his contracts with the Govern-
ment of the United States for the construction
of thirty-eight mortar-boats and eight steam- ■
tugs.
Approved, January 20, 1873.
Chap. LV.—An Act providing for the pay-
ment to loyal citizens of Loudoun County,
Virginia, therein named, for their property
taken by the Military Authorities of the
United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep -
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
Secretary of the Treasury do pay to the follow-
ing named loyal citizens of Loudoun county,Vir-
ginia, in consideration of their live stock seized
by the military authorities of the United States,
in conformity with an order of Major General
Sheridan, dated November twenty-seventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and partly
slaughtered and used by the armies of the United
States, and partly sold, and the proceeds of
sale paid into the Treasury of the United States,
the sum of sixty-one thousand eight hundred
and twenty-one dollars and thirteen cents, as
follows, to wit:
To George Abel, tliree hundred and twenty-
five dollars.
To George F. Abel, five hundred and sixty-
eight dollars.
To Margaret Alders, two hundred and twenty-
five dollars.
To William H. Adams, four hundred and
forty-two dollars and thirty cents.
To James Allder, three' hundred and ten
dollars.
To David Axline, one hundred and sixty-one
dollars.
To Amos Beans, six hundred and ten dol-
lars.
To John D. Brown, two hundred and forty
dollars.
To William Brown, seventy-five dollars.
To Samuel N. Brown, one hundred and fifty
dollars.
To Samuel Beans, seventy-five dollars.
To Michael Beamer, four hundred and ten
dollars.
To David L. Beall, two hundred and forty-
three dollars.
To Benjamin Birdsall, five hundred and ten
dollars.
To Benjamin Birdsall, junior, four hundred
and twenty-one dollars.
To Thomas J. Brown, twenty-five dollars.
To William H. H. Beans, two hundred and
twenty-four dollars.
To Jonathan Brown, four hundred and
thirty-five dollars.
To Edward Brown, eleven hundred and five
dollars.
To John C. Bush, one hundred and fifty
dollars.
To John Boger, forty-five dollars.
To Isaac Brown, one hundred and seventy-
five dollars. . -
To Sarah S. Bond, fifty"dollars.
