tioO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
rratiou of the tribes, carefully preserving their
tribal relations. And all this has been done
for four years. The council meets annually,
li was established by the executive depart-
ment, and has been iudorsed by Congress
every year since by annual appropriations to
pay its expenses. The treaties themselves are
the organic act of this council.
The proposed legislation is neither wise
nor expedient, because it proposes to blend,
against their will, tweuty tribes, with different
laws, languages, customs, and interests, into
cuie lieterogeueous- mass, bound together only
by the arbitrary will of Congress.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the national honor re-
quires that we should not do this thing. It is
.ifjainst good faith, agaiust treaty stipulations.
When we removed these Indians from their
then location into this territory west of the
Mississippi river it was solemnly guarantied to
them that we should never again remove them.
We solemnly guarantied they should never be
molested ; we agreed that no territory should
be formed within their limits, that no State
lines should affect their lands. Those treaties
have given these lands to these Indians, and
we have guarantied their right to them over
and over again. Yet we are asked to break
our solemn guarantee and to break our cov-
enant with these Indians. Is there nothing in
(Mr national honor, in our national faith, in
treaty stipulations, in our solemn covenant,
but we must at the bidding of railroad cor-
porations strike them all down? Must we
at the suggestion of lobbyists for railroad cor-
porations do these things Must we at their
bidding break down the barriers of treaties ,
made with these Indian tribes? No. These
are insurmountable obstacles if we are an ,
honorable people. The passage of this bill
would disgrace our nation in our own eyes
and in the eyes of all nations, civilized or bar-
barous. Whatever becomes of the Indians
we will be forever degraded and the pages of
our history stained with indelible dishonor;
and for what? In order that'.we may take
from the Indian the little that our boundless
cupidity has left to them of their once bound-
less forests. The Indians once possessed
thirty-six million square miles of territory.
Now all they have left is this one territory
containing only sixty-eight thousand square
miles. The petty remnant of a once mighty ,
domain is all they still possess, but even
that our strong arms wrest from their weak
grasp. And because they are weak is this
policy sought to be enforced. With a simi-
lar treaty with England such action would i
never be thought of. We would proudly say
that our national honor forbids any violation
ot any agreement. But is not honor as sacred
w.V ii pledged to we.ik tribes as to mighty
nations?
Look at the effects of such violation upon
the self-respect of our own people. It will
teach them to hold the honor of this Govern- !
ment lightly and loosen the moral feeling of j
the country. We are proud of our liberty, let j
us not be unmindful of our honor. Perhaps !
we had better learn a lesson from this same
Creek nation. When in 1825 Mcintosh, the j
principal chief, made a fraudulent treaty with j
the United States, and although he and the
chiefs who agreed to the stipulations had no
authority to make such a treaty and it was
discovered that Mcintosh got privately $30,000
for his treachery, yet although the Creeks
killed Mcintosh for his treason they did not i
violate the treaty, but complained of the fraud
and a new treaty was granted them. Can we i
not stand by our treaties at least as honorably
as these Indians have stood by theirs?
But, treaty or do treaty, where is the justice, !
where the right to do this? Consider every i
treaty blotted out, and standing on natural
justice and natural right, you cannot do it.
At least we have only such right as is given by
might; such right as is given by power and
strength over the weak and defeaseiess; the
brute right of force. For no legal warrant
can anywhere be found for creating a territo-
rial government. It is true, however, that the
said Indian treaties of 1866 provide among
other things that there shall be established an
international government, to be composed of
representatives of the several Indian nations
or tribes lawfully residing in said territory.
This international government is variously
denominated by these treaties. The Choctaw
and Chickasaw treaty (article eight) calls it
in one place a "council," in another one a
''general assembly," in another the "Territory
of Oklahoma." The Cherokee treaty (article
twelve) calls it a "general council;" the
Creek treaty (article ten) call* it a "general
council," and the Seminole treaty calls it a
"general council."
The fact that this international-government
or confederation of the Indians has been pro-
vided for in said treaties has doubtless led
many well-disposed persons into an error as to
a true conception of the nature and object of
that government; and the result has been that
many are under the belief that those provisions
in said treaties are a warrant to Congress to
legislate a territorial government over the
Indians, when really the object of the council
is to concentrate or confederate the Indians
in the Indian territory, with a general legis-
lative body, with the view of furnishing them
with a final home, where they may be pro-
tected and civilized, as provided by all of our
statutes and treaties respecting the Indians.
The treaties themselves constitute the or-
ganic law for said council or government, and
furnish all of its necessary machinery and the
scope of its powers and jurisdiction, and for
those purposes no congressional legislation is
either authorized or necessary. The said coun-
cil may be enlarged, acaordingto the Cherokee
and Choctaw and Chickasaw treaties, so that
it shall consist of two houses instead of one,
and when that contingency occurs the present
council as organized shall constitute the lower
house of said "general council." The man-
ner of that enlargement of the council is
pointed out by the treaties, and provides, first,
that it shall be done by the action of the said
nations represented in the council; second,
that said action of the Indian nations shall be
approved by the President and the Congress
of the United States; after which combined
action such enlargement of the council will
become essentially a part of said treaties, and
will continue said general council, composed
of two bodies instead of one.
It is true that the Choctaw and Chickasaw
treaty (Art. 13) provides that such enlarge-
ment of said council shall be contingent upon
the desire of the majority of the Indian
nations represented in said council, or the
action of Congress ; yet it is also true that the
Cherokee treaty (Art. 12) provides that said
enlargement of the council shall depend upon !
the action of the legislative councils of each |
nation, with the approval of the President,. So
that in order that the Government may keep
its pledges with all the Indian nations,we hold
that such enlargement of the councils, making
it into two houses instead of one, should de-
pend upon the action of the nations repre-
sented therein, approved by the President and
Congress.
Now, the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Parker] makes a mistake when he argues
as to the right of Congress to break these
treaties. To be sure Congress has the power
to break' them, but it has no right to break
them. There is great difference between the
right and the power to do a thing, and if
you can govern these Indians in the manner
proposed by this bill, whether the Indians
consent or not, why did you ever make a
treaty with them ; why make any more, or
any kind of agreement whatever with any of
them? Have all these treaties made after
every Indian war been all shams? Why then
have we made so many ? Why have we wasted
so much money with presents and commis-
sioners ever since the foundation of the Gov-
ernment? If we want Red Cloud's laud,
why do we not simply take it by act of
Congress, as is proposed with the Indians of
Indian territory?
But we are told this is for the benefit of the
Indian. Will we never have done with this
stale story? Never since the landing of the
pilgrims on Plymouth liock has there beeu any
act of legislation by which the Indians were
defrauded but what this disguise of flimsy
philanthropy was thrown around it. Head the
old colonial records; or, later still, read the
debates in Congress, and you will find that
whenever any of these acts of oppression were
passed which have disgraced our statute-book,
it was always doue under this same bald plea
of benefiting the Indian."
The great argument, reiterated over and over
again, is that this territory, as it now stands,
is an anomaly. Wondrous word ; an anomaly !
What a potent argument! Because, forsooth,
it is not exactly like the other Territories, it is
an " anomaly" and must be abolished. Why
do they not say at once that the Indian himself
is an "anomaly" and therefore ought to be
abolished. He is not like the white people
of the United States. To them he is an anom-
aly. He is simply as God made him ; and this
territory is just suited to his wants and needs.
And I take the broad ground that so long as
Indians live just so long they are entitled to
this territory. They have the same natural
right to live and enjoy themselves as we have.
They have the legal right to this Territory,
because they bought and paid for it, and among
the covenants of their deed is the warranty by
the United States that they shall forever enjoy
it secure from all intrusion by white people or
by any territorial or State government. They
injure no one; they cost the Government
nothing; they quietly pursue their different
avocations of life ; they raise corn ; they plant
cotton; they rear cattle ; they establish schools;
they build churches; they maintain order;
they mete out justice among themselves ; they
steadily increase in wealth and population.
Why can they not be let alone ? Why put them
at the mercy of these rapacious land specula-
tors who wish to go there, not to raise corn,
because they can raise corn in Arkansas or
in the boundless West, but simply to take
advantage of the rise of lands. For this pur-
pose the unscrupulous speculators want to go
there and crush out the Indians as they did
the Osages in Kansas after we had guaran-
tied them their rights if they became citizens.
The story of the Osages is a sad one, and it
will be the story of the Indians of Oklahoma
if we let the squatters pour in upon them. The
following letter shows how the Osages desirous
of becoming citizens were treated by their
squatter neighbors who coveted and eventually
obtained their land. I find this letter on page
83 of the report of the board of Indian com-
missioners. The man Joseph Mosher spoken
of afterward died from his treatment. He was
only one sixteenth Osage, and his wife was a
white woman. Mosher had been a Union
soldier and served faithfully :
Osage Agency. Kansas,
Montgomery Post Office,
12th Month 24,1870.
Dear Friend: Our half breed Osages are in much
distress, and ask me to appeal to you and the com-
missioners that were hero for advice and assistance.
About thirty of them, on my advice, filed their in-
tentions with the proper court of becoming citizens.
The tribe moving down into the Cherokee country
are going on the hunt. The threats and ill-treat-
ment received from the settlers soon forced the most
of them to abandon their improvements and follow
the tribe, and they were virtually driven back to a
savage life so far as those " Christian " land thieves
could do so. Twelve yet remain under unbearable
persecution, which they endure with the patience
and forbearance of Christian martyrs. Their names
are Alexander Beyett, Gesso Choteau, Peter Cho-
teau, Joseph Mosher, Frank Mitchell, Joseph Mitch-
ell, Martin Redman, half breeds; and Tobey Mog-
sey, Red Eagle, Mad Chief, Little Wild Cat, and
Hlah-so-Jack, full bloods.
One week ago to-night Joseph Mosher was taken,
