1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
651
with his wife (who is near confinement) and their
child, from their beds, not permitted to dress them-
>elves, thoir house and all its contents burned.
They were beaten with revolvers and their lives
threatened if they did not leave the country, and
they were marched to the woods ostensibly to be
murdered. This cruel outrage was perpetrated by
the Campbell family and their friends, who were
incensed beyond measure because Mosher had be-
come a citizen and was likely to enter the claim he
has lived on for four years, and had improved with
a good cabin, about twenty acres in cultivation, and
some truit trees, and other outbuildings. This was
his only crime, lie is a quiet and peaceable man.
This Dr. Campbell (you know the commissioners be-
came acquainted with tins case when you wore here,
which has culminated so wickedly,) "jumped" this
improvement about one year ago, and has been car-
rying on this warfare till now to force Mosher away
from his home.
A short time since the court granted Campbell an
injunction against Mosher, even preventing him
from cutting his firewood on his claim. This is a
sample of the j ustico afforded to a citizen ot* Indian
descent by the courts of the State—at least of thi*
part of it. Why this People worship tho negro and
persist in erucif>ing the poor, inoffensive Indian, is
a problem.
Peter Ocaster had a good cabin and fifteen acres in
cultivation. He filed his intention of becoming a
citizen. His house was burned by some incendiary,
hi? pouies stolen. He came to me and said he would
have to leave his farm and go with the Indians, for
he believed they would rob him of all his property
and then take his life. Hedidgo. Two white men
divided his farm between them, which tells to the
observer who committed or instigated these crimes.
A few days since Martin Redman's house was torn
down. Little Wild Cat has been forced by threats
of violence to quit improving his claim. Tobey's
house was entered by a settlor and his family while
he was at this ageucy on business, and he is not per-
mitted to live in it. He has made a hut and is
waiting for justice, and all of them are suffering in
divers ways from these border ruffians. While the
Government is spending millions «f money annually
for the civilization of Indians, why is it that these
demons in human shape are allowed to thwart all
its efforts in that direction ?
That great mass meeting of trespassers held at the
agency, (when you were here to offer the Osages the
"Congress bill,") which passed heavy resolutions
of protection to the half-breeds if they wished to
become citizens and enter their improvements, to
induce the half-breeds to withdraw their objections
to the bill, and appointed a committee of distin-
guished settlers to see that they were protected, has
proved a great swindle.
The poor half-breeds now say they were fools to
place any confidence in men who had overrun that
country. They, with myself, have followed up that
committee sharply and begged for protection against
those "jumpers," who, as I have related, are de-
stroving the houses and property and timber of these
citizen Osages, and threatening their lives. But this
committee are powerless^ or those of them who are
willing to render any assistance, for the mass meet-
ing has "gone back on the committee." ^ t
This remark explains the whole of it: The
Osages have signed the bill and we have got the land;
let the half-breeds go to h—1."
Two of the committee, Judge Emmerson and
Sheriff White, were disposed to carry out the reso-
lutions and give their personal influence in favor of
justice, and as a consequence were badly defeated
for offices they were candidates for at a recent
election. • , , , -
These dozen Osage citizens may be killed or torci-
bly ejected from the country within the next fort-
night. They are citizens, and are from under my
protection or care as agent, though I aid them all
in mv power. They are poor, without means to pay
large fees to lawyers. The Attorneys are mostly ex-
pecting to run for some office, hence are averse to
taking their cases or assisting them. What can be
done for their immediate reliof and protection I
Could not Congres.- be induced at once to pass an
act authorizing thoee I have named to enter their
claims on the quarter section, including most ot
their improvements, which would work no hardship
to any but willful thiertss ?
Congress could never do a better, a nobler act. It
the President knew of their situation he would cer-
tainly extend his hand for the protection of his de-
pendent children.
Thy friend, ISAAC T. GIBSON,
United States Indian Agent.
Vincent (Jolyer,
Secretary Indian Peace Commission.
But they say that "communication is im-
peded" between the border States. That is
not true. The railroads run unmolested all
through the territory. But they say that the
railroads derive little local support from the
part of the territory through which they run ;
that they might as well " run through a tun-
nel." Suppose thiB is so, did not the rail-
road companies know all this when they
built their roads? Are we by injustice and
wrong to so legislate that railroads may be
made more prosperous? The railroads are
entitled to no aid from us, certainly not from
us at the expense of the Indians. It is urged
that the territory is a refuge for outlaws. This
is not so. Any refugee outlaw can as easily be
taken from the territory as any fleeing crim-
inal can be brought back to Missouri from New
York, and far more easily than from Texas,
New Mexico, or Wyoming.
And it is urged that we might as well pass
this bill now, for soon the pioneer population
will pour in and occupy these fertile prairies
and build up their homes there, and then they
cannot be dislodged. They tell us we cannot
prevent the influx of these people, and may as
well prepare for it, so that it may be all done
legally. Shame on such pusillanimous policy !
Shame on such a bending of the knee to
such squatter sovereigns I Congress at the bid-
ding ot the outraged spirit of American justice
passed the Ku lvluxlaws and guarantied peace
and quiet and safety to four million defense-
less treedmen scattered in lonely cabins by
swamp and river in a dozen States. Here
we have ouly one territory to deal with. Let
us put the same machinery at work again if
need be and protect the guarentied rights of
the Indians as we have the African. We
have had altogether too much of this border
lawlessness. Let us hear no more of the cow-
ardly paltering argument that we " cannot keep
these squatters touch longer out of the terri-
tory."
The Government has always dealt so len-
iently with homesteaders and preemptioners
and squatters that many of them demand as
a right what can be theirs only by grace and
good will. If any people presume to violate
the law and impose upon the Indians, a short
term at Albany alongside of the southern Ku
Klux will teach them also to revere the law
and respect the rights of others. We see the
protecting and avenging sword of national law
waved over the South. If need be it can be
stretched over the West as well. It is a sim-
ple thing to protect this territory. Enforce
the laws; and the Government that cannot
enforce its laws is a miserable failure. Laws
are made to be enforced, not violated with
impunity. One conviction would answer. Let
the people see that the law is to be enforced,
and there will be no further trouble.
Government should also set an example of
right-doing and not wrong-doing. The public
acts of the Government should be a good
example for the private lite of the citizen.
The State places judges in power and gives
them all the machinery of law in order to en-
force good faith among her citizens, to enforce
contracts and guarantees ; but absurd it is for
the State to enforce guarantees between her
citizens and yet coolly proceed to violate her
own guarantee and break her own contract.
If such breach by the citizen is wrong and
not to be tolerated, then how much greater
the wrong when done by the State. lor the
wrong-doing of the citizen is but of small
moment and is soon forgotten ; but wrong
and injustice and bad faith by a State pass
into history, and history teaches us and all
nations to shun the infamy of old Carthage,
! Rome's great rival, into whose lap commerce
poured the wealth of old, and yet, despite all
, her wealth, all her grandeur, all her splendid
achievements, she so tarnished all their luster
I by het broken treaties that she is remembered
'j to-day almost solely on account of her false
faith; so false that when we speak of national
breach of treaty and national dishonor we call
i it Punic faith. We cannot, we must not thus
break faith and honor with these Indians.
! It is true they are poor and weak and feeble,
: and in the false pride of our strength we may
be tempted to crush them, and think to do so
i with impunity. But the God of nations, who
guides the affairs of all peoples, does not so
' ordain. Can we learn nothing from the bitter
lessons of the past? I speak not now of the
dim centuries of old, though they are cumbered
i thick with the wrecks of nations who followed
i not the right. I speak of the lessons of our
I own personal experience. The terrible na-
tional crime of slavery, committed by us in the
pride of our power against a people feebler
far than even the Indian, has been terribly
avenged, and to-day the language of Jefferson
nearly one hundred years ago seems to us like
prophet's tongue when he said:
" I tremble for my country when I reflect that God
is just; that His justico will not always sleep. The
Almighty has no attributo which can takesides with
us in such a struggle."
And this applies to us in our wrongs against
the Indian as well as the African. There will
be no national crime but will meet with na-
tional punishment. Is it desirable to enrich
these corporations, or do you wish to provide
for poor western pioneers? Then do it at
your own expense. Do not enrich these rail-
roads from the life-blood of the Indian. Do
not repeat the Bible story of the rich man who
spared to take of his own flock and of his own
herd, but killed the poor man's one ewe lamb
and made of it a feast for the stranger. We
are the rich man, and these rights and lands
are all the Indian has left to him. He is the
poor man with his one ewe lamb, and you seek
to despoil him of it.
It is urged that the Indian territory is law-
less. It is not so. There are fewer robberies
and fewer homicides, and Indians though they
are, there are more church members than in
other Territories. Because the United States
has not strictly enforced its laws, bad white
men, lawless desperadoes from the border
States, have in some instances caused trouble,
but when the Government enforces its lawa
and keeps these white civilizers out of the
territory there is no trouble. But organizing
it under this bill will not correct such evils, or
else the other Territories could show a more
1 peaceful record than they now do. Organiza-
tion into a Territory is not a universal panacea
for all troubles, or else Utah, with its vile
polygamy, would not be the foul blot it no.v
, is upon the American name. In Utah you
\ have an organized Territory, a Territory
against which we once marched troops, a Ter-
ritory wherein a Gentile's life and property has
only lately become safe, a Territory which in
; spite of all your efforts for twenty years has
sanctioned and sustained a system abhorrent
to Christianity and civilization. In the Indian
territory such practices would be put down at
once by the strong arm of the law, encouraged
and sustained by the Christian sentiment of
the entire community.
The Indians themselves well say in their pro-
test against this bill that "any government
honestly designed for the people of the Indian
territory must have the confidence of that peo-
ple ere it can be a success."' And this is a polit-
ical axiom. None will gainsay it. No matter
how good a Government may be, if it does
not have the confidence of the governed it is
more or less a failure. In our reconstructed
southern States most of the troubles there
have arisen because the new State 'govern-
ments had the confidence of but a portion of
! the people. How much more then the trouble
! when the proposed form of government for
Oklahoma has not the confidence of even a
single legal resident of the territory. And our
Democratic friends have said that there always
will be trouble in a State jointly occupied and
governed by two distinct races. I hope this
doctrine of theirs will keep them from placing
two races, the white and red, in joint occupa-
tion of another troublous State. And there is
no reason why the white settler should be
allowed in violation of law to force himself
into the territory. There is plenty of room
for him elsewhere, but there is not for the
Indian.
If we pursue the Indian policy which dic-
tated the original setting apart of the Indian ter-
ritory, and which is also the policy of the
present day, to wit, the gathering of all the
Indians together in one territory, this Okla-
homa will be narrow enough for them. There
are three hundred and eighty-three thousand
