1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
653
any other man or body of men I could, if I
had the power, break that plighted faith.
Going no further buck than 18;V>, we en-
tered into a solemn treaty with these Indians
in this language :
"Tiie United States hereby covenant and agree
that the land ceded t« tile Cherokee nation in the
foregoing article shall m no future time, without
their consent, be included within the territorial
limits or jurisdiction of any State or Territory."
We made that treaty with those Indians
when they were removed from their former
homes 111 the States ot Georgia, North Caro-
lina, and Tennessee, which they then held,
and which the Supreme Court of the United
States, in the last decision on this subject, in
the December term of 1871, said they had a
perfect and complete title to ; an opinion de-
livered by Justice Clifford. Those Indians
exchanged those valuable lands there at the
instance of the Government for the lands that
they now occupy. They were removed there
by the General Government, and in negotiat-
ing for their removal we made this solemn
compact with them.
But 1 am told, perhaps, by some gentleman
that that has been repealed by subsequent
laws of Congress. That is not the case. In
the very last treaty, that of 1866, made by the
present Senate of the United States, many of
the Senators who ratified that treaty being in
their seats in that body to-day, in the last
clause of that treaiy they reaffirmed all the
treaties, all the contracts, all the stipulations
heretofore entered into that are not expressly
repealed in the treaty of 1806. This is the
language of the thirty-tirst article:
"All provisions of treaties heretofore ratified and
in force, and not inconsistent with the provisions of
tins treaty, are hereby reaffirmed and declared to be
in full force ; and nothin? herein shall be construed
as an acknowledgment by the United States, or
as a relinquishment by the Cherokee nation of any
claims or demands under the guarantees of former
treaties, except as herein expressly provided."
That is the twentieth treaty entered into
with these Indians, and the last; and in the
twentieth and last treaty entered into with
them we reaffirmed all of the treaties and
stipulations heretofore entered into that are
not expressly repealed.
Then, I ask this American Congress, how
can you, claiming to be a great nation, go
there with the Bible in your hands and teach
these Indians ''Thou shalt not lie," and at
the same time propose to break all of these
solemn compacts which you have entered into
with them? Will they not answer, "Away
with your missionaries, away with your Bible!"
You say you want this in order to have laws
passed in a territorial Legislature. Why, sir,
Congress already, by virtue of the various
commissions made by these Indians, has the
power to legislate for them. They have granted
you that power, and they prefer to leave it in
the hands of Congress rather than to commit
it to a territorial Legislature. In the seventh
article of the treaty of April 28, 1866, there
is this language :
"The Choctawsand Chickasaw3 agree to such legis-
lation as Congress and the President of the United
States may deem necessary for the better adminis-
tration of justice and the protection of the rights
of person and property within the Indian territory.
Congress then already has the power. But
those Indians, true to the instincts of their
nature, which have been planted in them by
Almighty God himself, desire the right of local
self-government, and hence there follows this
proviso :
" J'rovided, however, Such legislation shall not in
anywise interfere with or annul their present tribal
organization, or their respective legislatures or
judiciaries, or the rights, laws, privileges, or customs
of the Choctaw and Chickasaw nations respectively.
They have given to Congress already the
power in another provision to establish courts
there. They haye already given Congress the
power and right to establish as many courts
there as you may see fit and proper. In the
eighth section of article eight there is this
language :
" The Choctaws and Chickasaws also agree that a
court or courts may be established in said territory,
with such jurisdiction and organization as Congress
may prescribe."
Hence, you already have the power to make
laws for them, and you have the power to
establish courts for them. But there is a pro-
vision there in limitation of that power.
It is for these poor limitations that the
Indians come before this body to-day and ask
yon not to violate the treaties. The limitation
to which I now refer is similar to the others.
It is in these words:
"Provided, That the same shall not interfere with
the local jurisdiction of the judiciary of either ol
said nations."
What more, then, gentlemen, do you want?
Congress has the power already to legislate
within certain limitations for this territory.
Congress already has the power to establish
courts within certain limitations in this terri-
tory. What more do you want? Are you
going to violate those restrictions ? If so,
upon what principle? Because you have the
power; that is all.
Gentlemen seem to be dealing with these
Indians as though they were a barbarous class
of men. Now by the returns of the last
census they compare very favorably with any
Territory now organized. Let me refer to
these returns of the last census. A moment
ago we had a debate upon the admission of
Colorado as a State, and heard what is said in
the census in regard to her. Now let us see
what the statistics of the last census show in
regard to this Indian territory as compared
with the Territory of Colorado or any other
Territory.
It appears that Colorado has a population
of thirty-nine thousand, and the Indian terri-
tory a population of sixty-eight thousand in
round numbers. Now, let us see what they
produce respectively. And first, as to the
number of acres of improved land in the two
Territories. In Colorado they had ninety-five
thousand acres of improved laud ; in the
Indian territory there were two hundred and
four thousand. And yet you are told that
you are to deal with these people as though
they were savage, roving tribes . Let us go a
little furtker and see the number of bushels of
wheat and other cereals produced in the two
Territories. In Colorado there were produced
one million and a fraction of bushels, and in
the Indian territory six million seven hundred
and thirty-nine thousand bushels ; in other
words, the last census shows that the Indian
territory produces of wheat, barley, and other
cereals six times as much as any other Terri-
tory now organized. And yet we are told that
these people are not capable of self-govern-
ment.
Let us see now the number of horses ; in
Colorado there were 208,000; and in the
Indian territory 464,000. Then let us turn to
the table on schools; Colorado has 135 schools;
and the Indian territory 164 schools.
1 I hold in my hand the report of the board
i of Indian commissioners, made to the Presi-
! dent of the United States in 1872, in which
! they say:
! "It will be seen from the comparison that tho
Indian territory, in population, number of acres
cultivated, products, wealth, valuation, and school
statistics, is equal to any organized Territory of the
; United States, and far ahead of moat of them. It
has a smaller area than any other, and a larger
population than any excepting Utah and New Mex-
ico. it lias tnore acres of land under cultivation
I! rhan Washington Territory, over one third more
than Utah, and more than twice as many as Colo-
rado or Montana; and the number of bushels of
wheat, corn, and other farm products raised in the
Indian territory is more than six times greater than
cither Utah, New Mexico, or Colorada.
"In 1871 the cotton crop of the Indian territory
was about 270,000 pounds. This year the amount is
increased; and that the quality of the crop is good
may be inferred from the fact that specimens exhib-
ited at the fair of the St. Louis Agricultural Mechan-
ical Association received three premiums, amount-
ing respectively to $500, $250, and $100.
"Although any addition to the force of these facts
will seem needless, it is but just to remark that the
civilized Indians of the territory had their lands
devastated and their industries paralyzed during
the war of therebellion, in the same relative propor-
tion as other parts of the South, and have not fully
recovered from the effects; and that the reports of
this year show an additional murked increase in
population, acres of land cultivated, productions,
and wealth.
"The partially civilized tribes, numbering about
fifty thousand souls, have, in proportion to popula-
tion, more schools and with a larger average attend-
ance, more churches, church members and minis-
ters, and spend far more of their own money for
education than the people of any Territory of tho
United States. 1/ife and property are more sale
among them, and there are tcwer violations of the
law than in the Territories."
They spend more for religious and educa-
tional purposes than the people of any other
Territory in the United States. And yet we
are to say that these people are unable to gov-
ern and control themselves.
Sir, I appeal to-day to fair-minded men, I
appeal to men who love justice, to men who
love truth, and I ask will you violate these
solemn compacts merely because you have the
power so to do? I invoke here to-day the
great principle that we find laid down in the
Bible, that we find laid down from the earliest
period of man's existence to the present time,
the right of all people to local, home self-gov-
ernment—that great principle upon which the
safety of our own Government is based.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHANKS. I now yield five minutes
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Without
intending, Mr. Speaker, to add anything to or
detract anything from the argument which has
been made here upon the question of good
faith on the part of the United States and its
violation if we pass this bill, I desire to press
upon the House a single consideration which,
were there no other, would be controlling upon
me, and that is that this bill proposes to add
another set of officers, territorial officers, to
the almost numberless officers whom the Uni-
ted States puts over these Indians already.
And, if we may believe the reports from the
other branch of Congress, nay, if we may
believe the reports from our own committees,
those officers have plundered them and sub-
sisted upon that plunder. Now, then, I am
opposed, with every instinct of right, to put-
ting over these Indians another set of Federal
officers.
These Indians do not ask this to be done ;
they do not consent to .it; they as a people
are opposed to it, and it is only that we may
get their lands, to get that which they paid us
for in 1835, when we moved th^m there, that
this proposition is brought forward. It is a
grasping of the white man against the Indian ;
it is the rapacity of the strong against the
weak, and believing that this will be a wrong
done to the weak by the strong, and because 1
know as well as I can be convinced of any
future event that the effect of this bill will be
simply to destroy the Indians and drive them
out of that country, that this will be but the
entering-wedge to all that will be done in that
regard, I shall vote against this bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHANKS. . Instructed by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs to ask that this bill
shall be referred to that committee, I feel it to
be my duty to give to the House some reasons
why that should be done.
The persons living in the territory now pro-
posed to be organized are either Indians, or
else they are those who are there temporarily.
According to the laws and treaties now in
force, there can be no one lawfully in that
territory with lawful right to remain there un-
less he is an Indian, or has married into an
Indian tribe, thereby becoming, under the
treaties, practically and absolutely an Indian,
and not a citizen of the United States, it
must not be forgotten that in making these
treaties with these Indian tribes the United
States provided that when a white person mar-
ried an Indian, and remained with the Indians
or in their country, he should become an Indian
and be subject to the Indian law.
