654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
Now the only other persons who are there
are officers of the United States, and conse-
quently only temporarily there, for the pur-
pose of discharging their duties under the law
regulating Indian affairs ; and a third class,
persons who are authorized to be there as the
employes of railroad corporations whose roads
are constructed or being constructed upon the
right of way granted under the treaty of 1866.
Outside of those three classes there are no per-
sons authorized to be in that territory. There-
fore it is a clear proposition that those who
are there temporarily, only for the purpose of
transacting business there, are not properly
there for the purpose of controlling that coun-
try, especially when they are there under
limited provisions of treaties authorizing them
to be there for those limited purposes. It has
been said that Congress has no power now to
protect that territory against the inroads of
other persons; that the treaties made for that
purpose are not binding upon the national
Government.
Sir, it is now too late to make that state-
ment. If you will turn back to your statutes
you will find that from 1785 that doctrine has
been practiced and maintained by the Govern-
ment. And I want to say, in answer to a ques-
tion that has been put here to-day, that there
has been no time in the history of this coun-
try that the United States has by force broken
any treaty that it had made with an Indian
tribe. It has changed those treaties with an
alarming alacrity, but it always did it with at
least a show of contract and a hearing on the
part of those who had joined in the treaty
with them. Therefore I say turn back to your
record, and you will find that in the ordinance
of 1787 it was provided that the laws of States
and Territories should not be extended over
and control the Indian lands in the territory
from which was afterward formed the States
of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Michigan, and
from that time to this the Congress has held,
and the supreme court of the State of Indiana
very recently held, that that ordinance was
good and binding. Take the State of Wiscon-
sin, for instance; yes, from that time to this,
in every territorial organization from the time
the Territory of Wisconsin was organized down
to this time, Congress has provided, under and
in the very terms of the treaties, that the lands
of the Indians should not be brought under
the control of State and territorial laws. And
from that time to this, this is the first bill from
which such a provision has been omitted.
Not only so, but the States of Kansas and
Nebraska were framed out of territory on
which the Indians had been placed in accord-
ance with the law of May '28, 1830, which
authorized the President to exchange with
the Indian tribes land west of the Mississippi
river for land east of that river. At the time
of the formation of the Territories out of
which those two States were framed it was
provided that the Indian reservations should
not be included within the territorial form of
government; and the provision went so far
as to declare that those lands sho'uld form
no part of the Territories of Kansas and
Nebraska. That exclusion was made still
stronger when those Territories were admitted
as States; and you will find in the enabling
act which preceded the admission of those
States a provision prohibiting the territory
held by the Indians within the States of Kan-
sas and Nebraska from being included within
the jurisdiction of those States. Thus the
Congress of the United States, in the per-
formance of one of the highest functions which
it can exercise, the admission of new States
into this Union, has affirmed and reaffirmed
its power over this subject.
But, sir, I want to put this case on another
ground—the high ground of the integrity of the
nation, which to-day is by its example teach-
ing the world the great lesson of progress in
human government. The United States has
made these treaties deliberately ; it ha? as-
sented to the exercise of this power by the
Indians ; it has obtained the consideration for
these treaties. There is now no proposition
to surrender any of the lands we obtained from
the Indians under these treaties, and it is not
good faith for this nation to assert by force a
power to break the contract which it made with
these people and for which it has received its
consideration, the lands thus obtained by the
United States having been used in the forma-
tion of States, running from thirteen to thirty-
seven.
But it has been urged here that this is a bill
to organize a territorial government in con-
formity to the wish of the Administration,
which is taking so much care of the Indians at
this time. In answer to that I say that this
bill is not in conformity to the will of the
the Administration, if I properly interpret the
language of the President in his last annual
message. The President says that "the pol-
icy which was adopted at the beginning of
this Administration shall be maintained unless
by observation it shall be found to be wrong;"
but in speaking of a territorial form of govern-
ment for this Indian territory he says, and I
read his exact language:
" A territorial government should, however, pro-
tect the Indians from the inroads of whites."
It was said yesterday that we had no such
power, and the question was raised whether the
friends of this bill had properly considered
the difference between a right of property and
the sovereign power of the Government. I
answer that we have; and in reply to the pro-
position that the Administration desires such
a bill as this, I read from the President's mes-
sage :
"A territorial government should, however, pro-
tect the Indians from the inroads ef whites for a
term of years, until they become sufficiently ad-
vanced in arts and civilization to guard their own
rights, and from the disposal of the lands held by
them for the same period."
That is the President's proposition. Now,
sir, this bill does not prohibit the whites from
going into that territory ; indeed, the friends
of the bill say we have no such power. If we
have no power to prevent that, then the work
is done, and it is folly to talk of the protec-
tion of the Indians in this country. It is
not worth while to spend this afternoon if this
nation has no power to keep white men off
the Indian lands.
Now, I ask you whether it is not a fact that
the Government granted to these Indians a
title to the land in this territory, and whether,
such being the case, there does not exist, not
only the right, but the power to protect these
Indians from any infringement upon their rights
of property and from any intrusion without
their consent on the part of the whites? Our
title to the land in this territory has been given
up to these Indians, and there is the strongest
reason why they should be protected against
the inroads of any man or any set of men who !
may go there contrary to the stipulations of the
treaty. If, then, this land belongs to the In-
dian—for the land in this territory has been
ceded by the national Government to the In-
dians—it was not land ceded by the Indiansto
the Government; this land was not held origin-
ally by these Indians, but they were removed
to it, and the title of the Indians to it passed
directly to them from the national Govern-
ment ; then I say to you, Mr. Speaker, and to
this House that with that grant of title to these
Indians there passed the power to protect it,
and also the duty to protect it from all inroads
by outsiders. And it is too late in the day now
to say we have not the right and the power to
protect these Indians in their rightful owner-
ship and undisputed possession of the lands we
sold and conveyed to them, and for which we
received a valuable consideration.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there is another light in
which I wish to put this matter. If you allow
these inroads to be made, the limitation that
marks this territory will pass away. There is
an Indian civilization there now. It is the
only Indian civilization in this country which
can be made effective for the purpose of civil-
izing the other Indian tribes. By the treaty
of 1866 with the principal Indian tribes of that
territory it is provided that we may introduce
into and establish other Indian tribes in that
territory. In that way these tribes will have
an influence in consolidating their people upon
that territory and extending their civilization,
which cannot be reached if we permit the
white population to continually encroach upon
them.
The uncivilized Indians will kindly receive
from these civilized ones instruction which
they will not receive at the hands of a civil-
ization in which they have lost confidence
because of its constant encroachments upon
them.
And there is still another light in which I de-
sire to put this matter. Indeed, in every sense
in which you look at this bill it ought not to
pass. These railroads have a prospective inter-
est in the territory. They have had granted to
them lands on condition of the extinguishment
of the Indian title, and if the Indian title were
extinguished under the grant made by the Gov-
ernment they would have set off to them some
twenty-three million acres of this land. While
the title is in the Indians, the roads, how-
ever, do not get a single acre of the land. I
wish, therefore, to put the point directly to
the House, that if we pass this bill the whites
will at once come in upon these lands and
locate upon them ; and then, when it becomes
necessary to surrender the title, which it will
become necessary to do if the laws making
these prospective grants are not repealed, we
will find ourselves embarrassed, not with the
Indian title, which the Government may be
able to get rid of by proper contract with the
Indians, but by a large population of white
men whose rights to be there under such a
bill as this will be claimed to be as strong as
the Constitution and as firm as the will of
men who have built up their homes by their
own industry. You will then find the national
Government unable to carry out the provis-
ions of those railroad laws. You will find
there upon these lands a large body of white
people with whom it will be much more diffi-
cult to deal than with these Indians. So,
whether we look at this thing in a moral or a
pecuniary or in any other sense, it is proper
and prudent on our part that we should not
pass this bill until it has been carefully scrutin-
ized and prepared for all of these emergen-
cies, so we may not violate our duty to the
Indians or our duty to the white people. I
shall therefore ask that this bill be referred
to the Cofnmittee on Indian Affairs of the
House; and I shall move to refer it to that
committee in accordance with the instructions
which I have received as its chairman so soon
as it is proper to make the motion.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman
from Indiana to allow me to offer this amend-
ment to come in as an additional section.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec.—. This act shall not take effect until the
assent of the several Indian tribes to be affected by
it has been given thereto through the action of their
general council, which shall have been certified to
the President of the United States.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. Let that be
considered as pending.
Mr. SHANKS. I now yield for five min-
utes to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Burdett.]
Mr. BURDETT. I have sought a moment
to call the attention of the House to the fact
that thus far in the progress of this debate, on
the part of those who are opposed to this or
any other bill of kindred character, it seems
to have gone forward with the understanding,
undisputed, that this is in every aspect of the
ease, not only in effect, but in its very spirit
and purpose, an attack upon the subsisting
rights of the tribes of the Indian territory ;
a wanton attempt at spoliation, a conscience-
less invasion, sinister in purpose, without even
