1618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
in order ? They were putting on to this bill
this class of amendments. Where were they
a week ago when this rule was up ? Knowing
how it had been construed iu this Chamber at
the last session, an amendment was proposed
declaring that no amendment not germane to
an appropriation bill or having reference to
general legislation should be received. The
rule as it stands provides, as I understand it,
that no amendment is in order to a general
appropriation bill which does not directly re-
late to some appropriation in the bill. I
think, that is about the language of the rule.
Knowing how that was construed last year, I
myseff moved to limit it so that it should read
that no amendment should be in order unless
it related directly to some appropriation in
the bill in the disposition or limitation of that
appropriation; and that was voted down by
the Senate.
Now, sir, I should like to have a uniform
construction of this rule. I believe the
amendments of last year were clearly out of
order. I voted against them. I shall vote
to-day as I voted last year ; and I am very
glad to find that other Senators now are pre-
pared to construe the rule in the same way.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very glad that my
friend from Illinois is going to stick to his
opinion, but I am very sorry that he cannot
imagine that no Senator may have differed
with him last year upon a question then pend-
ing and agree with him this year, without the
charge of inconsistency. If it should have
happened that the southern amendment as it
is called, I have forgotten the name of it 
Mr. ANTHONY. "The bayonet amend-
ment."
Mr. EDMUNDS. The bayonet amend-
ment ; that is it, the musket and bayonet, the
rule of the Cffisar amendment, as it was
called in the campaign. If it should have
happened that that was in order, might he and
I not still both vote together and neither of
us be guilty of inconsistency ?
Why, Mr. President, how is it as to this
point? According to the theory of the Sen-
ator on the bayonet amendment, as it has been
styled, you could not put a provision in an
appropriation bill which authorized the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to employ temporary
clerks which should also provide what those
temporary clerks should do, how their appoint-
ment and dismissal should be regulated. We
thought that you could do that, and there-
fore, when the appropriation bill contained a
provision for carrying out the existing iaw on
the subjectof this bayonet business, we thought
that we might make better regulations for
which that appropriation should be expended,
not for other objects, but better regulations
for which that should be expended than had
been made before, not in the interest of the
Caesars, but in the interest of human rights
and the rights of citizens of these United
States, which the Senator in his eagerness to
uphold order did not seem to have a very
large appreciation of at that time, and he
went to the country upon it and has come
back. So much for that.
Now, Mr. President, the Senator from In-
diana tells us that the. true theory of the rule
is that you may put this 011. Why, sir, upon
his theory, as I just said in answer to the Sen-
ator from Illinois, last year you could not have
regulated the action of the Secretary of the
Treasury when you were appropriating to his
Department as to how it should be carried on.
But the difference here is—although the case
cited by my friend from Maine is against it,
and I voted against it last year on the Post
Office appropriation bill as the Senator from
Illinois ought to know—the difference here
is that this amendment undertakes to go en-
tirely outside of all those questions to provide
for new and distinct objects, which will require
new and distinct appropriations of money.
Mr. COLE. I did not like to interrupt the
Senator, but I hope the five-minutes rule will
be observed and insisted upon by all Senators.
We are for observing law and order and rule,
and I hope we shall not forget it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has thus liar enforced the rule strictly. ■
Mr. COLE. The Senator had spoken be-
fore.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I had spoken before, but
not my full five minutes.
Mr. BOREMAN. The only appropriation
that-1 see in this bill to which this amendment
can relate is one "for steamship service be-
tween San Francisco and the Sandwich Islands,
$75,000." The rule, as has been said, re-
quires that the amendment should relate
directly to some appropriation in the bill.
The appropriation is for service between San
Francisco and the Sandwich Islands. This
amendment simply provides for the extension
of that line. It has nothing to do with this
appropriation so far as I can perceive, but
simply provides that the Postmaster General
shall contract for the extension of the mail
line from the Sandwich Islands to the points
mentioned in the amendment.
What relation is there between this appro-
priation and this proposed extension ? There
is no additional appropriation, it is true, in
the amendment; nor is it said the appropria-
tion of $75,000 in the bill shall cover this ex-
tended service. I apprehend after you get thi s
amendment on, then there will be some prop-
osition to extend the appropriation in amount
in order to cover this additional service.
The $75,000 then, I contend, only covers
the service between San Francisco and the
Sandwich Islands. The simple proposition
in this amendment is to extend the mail
beyond that. The appropriation is confined
between these two points, and the amend-
ment proposes to extend the route beyond.
Mr. CASSERLY. The subject of an
Australian steam service with the United
States is one in which the State that sent
me here has a great deal of interest. I have
many times spoken in the Senate in favor
of such a service. I do not propose now to
prolong this debate by repeating any of the
arguments which I have heretofore used. I
regret, sir, that the fate of this measure may
turn upon a mere question of order; I would
much rather see it discussed and disposed of
on its merits.
I can very well understand how the Chair
in making his decision was able to fortify him-
self by previous decisions made in this Cham-
ber. Indeed, if anything is quite clear growing
out of the discussions which we have just lis-
tened to, this is clear, that it is entirely within
the competence of the Presiding Officer or any
member of the Senate to take his choice between
two classes of decisions, one class directly
adverse to the other. I should much have
preferred to see this question disposed of 011
its merits. I do not know that the amend-
ment now before the Senate is one that should
be passed precisely in its present form. On
the contrary, I think it should be greatly
amended to entitle it to the consideration of
the Senate. That, however, is an ulterior
consideration ; the only question now is as to
the point of order and the ruling of the Chair
upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan.) Upon this question of appeal
the Chair refrained from fortifying his decis-
ion by reference to the precedents established
by the Senate, or by any further expression of
his opinion, simply relying upon the correct-
ness of the decision, believing that he was fol-
lowing in that precedents already established
by the Senate. Now, however, since be has
been invited by remarks made to give the
grounds of his decision, the Chair takes occa-
sion to call the attention of the Senate to the
fact that the question is not as to the merits
of the amendment proposed, but a question
of compliance or non-compliance with a rule
of the Senate. The Chair will therefore read
that clause of the rule which relates to the
decision now in question:
"And no amendment to any such bill making
legislative provisions, other than such .as directly
relate to the appropriations contained in the bill,
shall be received."
The Chair calls the attention of Senators, to
what appears, from the Journal of the Senate,
to have occurred in this body on the 7th of
May, 1872, upon like amendments—one pro-
posed by the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Fenton,] which was agreed to, and another
by the Senator from California, [Mr. Cas-
serly,] upon which the point of order, as
now, was made. The Senate at that time,
upon the question being submitted, by the Vice
President, to thejudgmcnt of the body, decided
the amendment to be in order by'a vote of
yeas 31 to nays 19, thus overruling the point
of order then made, and similar to the one
now made, which the present occupant of the
chair has overruled. This former decision was
in the recollection of the Chair, as he had
the honor of voting on that occasion with the
majority, and remembering also in an amend-
ment proposed a few minutes since to the bill
pending, upon which a like point oif order Was
made upon the amendment similar in substance
to the one proposed by the Senator from New
York last year, and the occupant of the ,chair
[Mr. Stewart] entertained the amendment by
overruling the point of order.
Now, again, the point of order is raised upon
the admissibility, under the same rule, of the
proposed amendment, to this pending bill
The amendment, as the Chair understands,
applies to an appropriation contained in the
second section of the bill, which reads, " for
steamship service between San Francisco and
the Sandwieh Islands, $75,000." The amend-
ment proposes " to extend the existing contract
for mail steamship service between the ports
of San Franeisco and Honolulu to some port
or ports in Australia and New Zealand, touch-
ing at Honolulu in the Sandwich Islands," &c.
The proposition of the amendment is to in-
crease the service on a line provided for in the
bill, and to extend that line. The Chair recalls
attention to the amendment to the bill of last
year, already referred to, which was submitted
and adopted by the Senate, providing in its
latter clause as follows: "This contract for
the extension ofsuch service to Montevideo or
Buenos Ayres, or both, at an additional com-
pensation of not exceeding $200,000 per an-
num." It wiilthu3 be seen that the amendment
which the Senate submitted and adopted last
year, includes the two ideas of the extension
of a mail line, and the increase of service upon
it, both of which ideas are embodied in the
amendment proposed to tbis bill, to which
exception is now taken by an appeal from the
decision of the Chair ruling the amendment in
order.
The Chair believed that, respecting the uni-
form ruling of the Senate by the precedents
which had been established, the requirements
of the rule, in other respects, having been com-
plied with, there seemed no option left to him
but to conform to previous decisions and to
obey the mandate of an explicit rule of the
Senate by receiving this amendment as in or-
der. The question now is, "Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
Senate."
Mr. BAYARD. If this rule were one of
the standing rules of the Senate, it would be
very important, indeed, that the decision upon
it should be uniform; and, even as it is, it is
of great importance that it should be settled
even forthe present session. As I understand,
this rule was adopted a year ago. It then had
its first existence. Its capaciiies for construc-
tion bad at that time not been thoroughly de-
veloped. There can be no question that the
language has beeu found full of ambiguity;
thatconstructionsof the most variant eharaetcr
have been put upon it, and have been argued
before the Senate with varied results. The
