320
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Ls-m of the United States.
concurring therein,) That all legal and polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the Constitution
of the United States upon William A. Graham,
a citizen of North Carolina, in oonaequeaep
of participation in the recent rebellion, be,
and the same are hereby, removed.
Approved, February 8, 1873.
Chap. CXXY.—An Act granting a Pension to
Mary E. Snively and Marilla S. Snively.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houspof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Americain
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place upon the pension-roll, sub-
ject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the names of Mary E. Snively
and Marilla. S. Snively, only minor children
of Abraham Snively, late a private of com-
pany F, fourteenth regiment of Michigan
infantry volunteers.
Appeoved, February 8, 1873.
Chap. CXXVII.—An Act to reimburse George
S. Fisher for losses sustained in the build-
ing and burning up of the Consulate of the
United States at Kanagawa, Japiau, Novem-
ber twenty-sixth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Americain
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Department of State be, and is hereby, author-
ized and empowered to audit the losses sus-
tained by George S. Fisher while consul of the
United States at Kanagawa, Japan, for the
destruction of any public moneys for which Jh.e
has' accounted to the United States, not ex-
ceeding the amount of one thousand three
hundred and eighty dollars, in value of Mex-
ican dollars, lost and destroyed by the burning
of the new consulate building at his post of
duty by the same fire of November twenty-
sixth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and is hereby, authorized to pay the sum
so audited by the Secretary of the Department
of State out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, not exceeding thesum
stated in section one of this act, on the war-
rant of the Secretary of the Department of
State drawn therefor.
Approved, February 11, 1878.
Chap. CXXVIII.—An Act for the Relief of
Mrs. M. S. Morse, widow of Isaac E. Morse,
deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to pay,
out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to Mrs. M. S. Morse, widow
of Isaac E. Morse, in addition to the amount
heretofore paid, the sum of fifteen dollars per
diem from the seventh day of November, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-six, to the twenty-eighth
day of April, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven,
both inclusive.
Approved, February 11, 1873.
Chap. CXXIX.—An Act for the Belief of Wil-
liam Vails, late a private in company A,
third regiment of Indiana volunteer cavalry.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, directed to grant a
certificate of honorable discharge from the
Army of the United States to William Vails,
late a private iu company A, third regiment
of Indiana cavalry, to date the fifteenth day of
Jupe, eighteen hundred sod sixty-five, without
loss of pay or emolumSBte.
J. «. BLAINE,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Vice President of the United States
md President pf$he Senate.
Recei ved by the President, January iJO, 1873.
[NpTE ny yfls Department of Stat®.—The
foregoing act having been presented to the
President of tb.e U nited States for his approval,
apd ! 9t haying been returned by him to the:
House of Cougress in which it originated within
the time prescribed by the -Constitution of the
United States, lias become a law without his
approval-]
Cpaf. CXXX-—An Act directing the payment
to Robert McKee of Pay, Allowances, and
Bounty now withheld from hiux.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
rcsenkilives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, Thai & gum of money be,
and is hereby, appropriated, out of any moneys
in the Treasury 119,t otherwise appropriated, to
Robert MeK.ee, la,te a private i  company F,
forty-third Wisconsin y-oliiuteer infantry, equal
in amount to the pay, allowances, and bounty
to which said McKee would have been entitled
had he been on active duty the whole time he
was borne on the rolls of said company, said
pay, allowances, and bounty heirs QOW with-
held from him upon an erroneous allegation of
fraud in procuring his enlistment into, find
retention in, the military service of the United
States; said surrtto be ascertained and adjusted
by the Second Auditor of the Treasury.
j. G. BLAINE,
Speaker of the House of Rejrresentalives.
SCHUYLBR COLFAX,
Vice President of the United States
and President of the Senate.
J&epeived by the President January 80, 1873.
[Note by tup dei'aiitiiet.'t qf Sxams-—■'The
foregoing act having been presented to the
President of the United States for his approval,
and not having been returned by him to the
Houseof Congress in which it originated within
the time prescribed by tbe Constitution of the
United States, has become a -law without his
approval ]
Chap. CXXXIV.—An Act authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury«to settle and pay
the Accounts of Colonel James F. Jaques.
Me it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep
resentaiives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Colonel James F. Jaques,
out of -any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, such sum as the President
of the United States may direct, not exceed-
ing six thousand seven hundred and nineteen
dollars, for seryices performed and money ex-
pended by said Jaques during the recent re-
bellion, under the direction of the late Presi-
dent Abraham Lincoln: Provided, That the
sum So paid shall be in full satisfaction for said
services and expenditures.
Approved, February 12, 1873.
Chap. CXXXIX.—An Act for the Relief
.of Lizzie -Gilmer, Postmaster at Pittsfield,
Illinois.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Auditor for the
Post Office Department be directed to place to
the credit of Lizzie Gilmer, the postmaster at
Pittsfield, in the State of Illinois, iu the adjust-
ment qf her accounts with the Post Office
Department, the sum of five hundred and forty-
eight dollars, being the amount of postage
stamps stolen from the safe of said office, by
burglars, on the night of the thirtieth day of
July, eighteen hundred and seventy-one.
Approved, February 14, 1873.
Chap. CXL.—An Act for the Relief of the
Sureties of Frederick Boehmler, of the State
of Iowa.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Americain
Congress assembled, That a certain judgment
rendered iu the district court of the State of
Iowa for the district of Iowa, at the city of
Dubuque, at the April term, eighteen hundred
and seveuty, and rendered final in October of
that year, for the sum of four thousand dollars,
against Frederick Boehmler and his sureties
upon his bond, to appear to answer-an indict-
ment against him for stealing money from
letters at Cedar Falls, while postmaster at that
place, be, and the same is hereby, ordered sat-
isfied and canceled as to the sureties, and the
proper officers shall enter satisfaction thereon:
Provided, That said sureties shall pay all costs
in said case, including the fees of the attorneys
of the United States.
Approved, February 14, 1873.
Chap. CXLI.—An Act for the Relief of Wil-
liam L. Utley.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay, out of any moneys in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to the attor-
neys of record of George Robertson, of Ken-
tucky, the amount of the judgment rendered
for said Robertson against Wiliiatn L. Utley,
which judgment was rendered in the circuit
court for the eastern district of Wisconsin, on
the sixth day of October, eighteen hundred
and seventy-one, for the sum of nine hundred
and eight dollars and six cents debt, and
twenty-six dollars and forty cents costs, to-
gether with interest on such sums from the
date of recovery, and shall cause said judg-
ment to be discharged of record.
Approved, February 14, 1873.
Chap. CXLII.—An Act for the Relief of -Pay-
master George F. Cutter.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the aecouniing offi-
cers of the Treasury Department be, and they
are hereby, authorized to credit George F.
Cutter, paymaster in the United States Navy,
with the sum of two hundred and fifty-four
dollars in coin, now checked against him on
the books of that Department, being the. amount
stolen from the funds of the United States, on
board the ship Piscataqua, iu the harbor of
Yokahama, Japan, iu September, eighteen
huudred and sixty-eight.
Approved, February 14, 1873.
Chap. CXLIII.—An Act for the Relief of J.
and C. M. Dailey.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep
resentatives of the United States of Americain
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and tie is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Messrs. J. and C. M. Dailey
tbe sum of one thousand two hundred and fifty
dollars iu full for food furnished the Sioux
Indians iu the year eighteen hundred and
