1620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
the importance of it, for I have not yet made
up my mind about it. I have received sev-
eral letters from leading publishers of news-
papers 
Mr. RAMSEY. They are not required by
this amendment to prepay. This applies to
letters alone.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection,
then, but I ask that it be read again.
The amendment was read.
Mr. NYE. Is not that the law now ?
Mr. RAMSEY. There is a question
■whether it is or is not. This removes all
doubt.
Mr. DAVIS. Do I understand that the
amendment only includes letters, and does not
extend to newspapers?
Mr. COLE. Letters only.
Mr. CONKLING. Now I ask that the
amendment be read in connection with the
text.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
so reported.
The Chief Clerk. The proviso to the third
section, if this amendment be agreed to, will
read:
Provided, That all laws and parts of laws per-
mitting the transmission by mail of any free matter
whatever, be, and the same are hereby, repealed
from and after June 30,1873: And provided further.
That all mail matter of the first class shall be fully
prepaid.
Mr. CONKLING. If this is what I think
it is, it is one of a number of very ingenious
things intended to lead to this result, among
others: if a letter is mailed in the city of
New York to go to the city of Brooklyn,
across the ferry, and a mistake is made by the
sender of the letter, if he puts on a two-cent
stamp instead of a three-cent stamp, the letter
is not to go and the remainder of the postage
collected at the other office, as was formerly
allowed.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no objection what-
ever to the Senator making the same exception
that we have in the code with regard to the
city of Brooklyn and other contiguous cities.
This is intended to be a general law.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me see if I am
right in this. We made an exception in the
code, as my friend told me; but under that
exception they went right on and enforced the
law. Litigation was necessary and an appeal
to the Department, and by the Department to
the Attorney General to effectuate what my
friend said would be the meaning of it. Is
not that so?
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not know of any
decision of the Attorney General on the sub-
ject.
Mr. CONKLING. I believe I read a day or
two ago in a newspaper that the Attorney Gen-
eral had written an opinion on the subject.
Mr. RAMSEY. That was not in reference
to the point made by the Senator from New
York.
Mr. CONKLING. What was it in refer-
ence to?
Mr. RAMSEY. In reference to the non-
full prepayment of postage on letters.
Mr. CONKLING. I am satisfied that this
amendment ought not to be adopted in this
way. The Senator from Minnesota [Mr.
Ramsey] is the most seduetive member of
this body, and whenever he comes around
and sits down anywhere near me, as he has
done two or three times on this subject, I can-
not resist him; he always puts in as to my vote
anything he pleases; but if I know myself I
do not intend again, owing to my own default,
to have him put in any of this corkscrew 11 now
you see it and now you don't'' provision about
prepaying mail matter. I first of all raise the
point of order upon this amendment. I sub'
mit to the Chair that it is not in order under
the rule. If the Chair holds that it is, then I
want to be heard.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The Secre-
tary will report the amendment, and the Chair
will rule.
Mr. NYE. I inquire of the honorable Sen-
ator from Minnesota does not the law as it
stands now provide for the prepayment of all
letter postage ?
Mr. RAMSEY. It does; but the different
provisions of the code are somewhat in coflict,
and the Attorney General has ruled that par-
tial payment of the postage on & letter requires
it to be forwarded. '
Mr. NYE. Now I want to inquire about
that. I stated that the law is that all postage
shall be prepaid now.
Mr. RAMSEY. One rate must be prepaid
upon every letter. That is clear. But as to
whether the letter must be fully paid or not is
the doubt.
Mr. NYE. What is the difference between
"prepaid" and "fully paid?"
Mr. RAMSEY. There are different rates.
If one rate is paid, the Department must carry
the letter.
Mr. NYE. I want to know what the differ-
ence between prepayment and full payment is,
if anybody can tell me the difference.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I suppose if
the rate was two cents that would be a pre-
payment, but if the letter ought to have paid
three cents it would not be fully paid.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the sender ought to pay
six cents and paid but three cents, it would
not be fully prepaid.
Mr. NYE. The law is well enough as it
stands.
Mr. RAMSEY. Had you not better strike
off prepayment and send letters without any
payment at all ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I should like
to have the amendment reported.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What has become of the
point of order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
asked the Secretary to report the amendment,
but Senators interposed to make remarks.
The Secretary will now report the amendment,
and then the Chair will rule upon the point of
order.
The amendment was read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York has raised a point of
order. The Chair would like to ask the Sen-
ator from New York under which rule or
whether under any specific rule of the Senate
he raises the point of order.
Mr. CONKLING. I submit to the Chair
that the rule which we have discussed so much
to-day is abundant for this case. This cer-
tainly is not legislation which, in the sense that
the Chair relied upon in ruling, on the other
amendment, relates directly to an appropria-
tion in the bill. What appropriation does
this relate to? This is an independent propo-
sition the effect of which is to say that no let-
ter, whether it be a drop letter or any other,
shall advance one mch in the mail unless it is
prepaid, and fully prepaid. In other words,
it is to legislate that any illiterate person, any
person unaccustomed to the use of the mail,
who in good faith puts on a three-cent stamp,
when by weight the rate exceeds that a frac-
tion, shall have his letter turn up here in the
Dead Letter Office and see it advertised in the
newspapers some time or other, or else have
it held by the office where it is mailed and ad-
vertised "not forwarded for want of postage,"
when there was somebody aching at the other
end of the route to get the letter who would
have been glad to pay the postage three times
over if he could have had it. That I do not
believe is right, and I do believe on this point
that it is independent legislation so as to be
out of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reason
the Chair asked the Senator from New York
for the specific rule under which he raises the
point of order is because it is in order under
Rule 30, for it involves no appropriation.
The question turns upon the relation of the
amendment to the subject-matter. The proviso
in the bi!' is "that all Jaws and parts of lfjws
permitting the transmission by mail of any
free matter whatever be, and the same are
hereby, repealed." The amendment proposes
to regulate the prepayment and direct the
transmission of mail matter through the mail.
The Chair therefore rules that it is in order.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire of the
Chair what appropriation it relates to? Now,
if the Chair will hear me one moment—I wish
the Chair would look to see if I am right; I
have not the bill before me—the bill comes
here from the House or from the Appropri-
ation Committee, as the case may be, contain-
ing a legislative provision upon which no
question is made; perhaps no question could
be made under the rule. Now, the Senator
in the Senate, not even upon the report of a
committee, if that would make any difference,
moves to amend that portion of the bill, not
which relates to any appropriation, bat that
feneral provision which we find in the bill.
tow, I inquire how the Chair can rule that
that relates directly to an appropriation. It
relates undoubtedly to a provision in the bill,
but how does it relate directly to any appro-
priation in the bill?
Mr. RAMSEY. It does not violate any rule.
Mr. CONKLING. We will see whether it
does or not. I think myself it does violate
the rule. It relates directly to a provision in
the bill, but not to an appropriation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
was governed in his ruling by the idea of the
relation of the amendment to a subject-matter
involved in the bill. Upon his attention being
called specifically to the rale, the Chair is dis-
posed to sustain the point of order made, for
the reason that the rule reads thus:
"And no amendment to any such bill' making
legislative provisions, other than such as directly
relate to the .appropriations contained in the bill,
shall be received."
The attention of the Chair has been called
by the Senator from New York to the fact
that the amendment applies to no provision in
the bill that relates to an appropriation. Upon
that ground the Chair sustains the point of
order.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask a
question, and that is, whether this is not an
amendment which relates directly to the
appropriation made in this section, which is
an appropriation to meet deficiencies in the
Post Office Department,? This is an amend-
ment calculated to diminish the deficiency
that may arise in the Post Office Department,
to affect the revenues of the Post Office
Department.
Mr. CARPENTER. The deficiencies are
not the subject of appropriation, are they ?
Mr. SAWYER. We make annually an
appropriation to meet a supposed deficiency.
We make in this ease an appropriation of
$5,392,602, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to meet the deficiency which may
arise from the revenues of the Post Office
Department not being equal to the expend-
Mr. CARPENTER. My friend did not see
my point. If we were appropriating this
deficiency to some other Department of the
Government to pay it, then this would relate
to as appropriation.
Mr. SAWYER. This is a distinct propo-
sition to diminish the amount of deficiencies
for which we make the appropriation in this
ease. •
Mr. CARPENTER. My friend will allow
me, if I can make him see the joke 
Mr. SAWYER. I think it is a joke.
Mr. CARPENTER. If I could make my
friend see the joke, he would comprehend it;
and as he does not comprehend it, it roust be
the fault of roy statement. The Senator is
trying to make out thai this provision which
is offered relates to some specific appropria-
tion made by the bill. Then he says that is
so because it reduces the appropriation for
the deficiency. To make that out he must
