058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
The first election shall be held at such time and
p'nees, and be conducted in such manner, boih as to
the persons who shall superintend t-uch election
a.id the returns thereof, .is the Govei nor .-hall appoint
an. 1 direct; and tie shall, at the same time, d'\lare
the number of members of the council ami hou-e of
representatives to which each of the trioe-, nations,
ur districts shall be entiiled under till.-- act. Tho
I ersons having tile lushest number of legal votes,
in each of said council di-trn is, for member- of the
e mneil shall be declared by the Governor to be duly
elected to tile council; and tho person.- having tne
highest number of legal votes foi theh"u.-.' el repre-
sentatives shall be declare.I by the Governor to bedul
elected members of said house: l'r-i
Ttiat in
case two or more persons voted lor shall have an equal
number of votes, ur in ea.-e a v.u.mcy shall other
,-e "cour in ether b-aneh of the L.'gislitive As-
sembly. the Governor shall order a new election ; and
tiie persons thus elected to the Legislative A-scmbly
shell meet at such place .111 1 on -uoti d.i\ a- the (i >\-
erie-r shall appoint; but thereafter the tune, place,
and manner ol holding and conducting ail elections,
and the apportioning the repit-<_iiiatiou among' the
si \ eral tribes, nations, or disn r. t.- to ; lie i ouoiil and
house of representatives, aceoiding to the number
id qualified voters, shall be prescribed by law, as
well as the day oi the common. meut «d the ltgul.ir
sessions ofthe Legi-lative A.--j.;ib \: /'.■ or, ■!• • /, 111 it
ro ;e?sion in any one year -'hell exceed the term of
sixty days, except the first session, vvaicn rn.iy con-
tinue ninety days,
Sec. 5. Tnat every mal. Inli.n of the age i>t
twenty-one years ami upward, who is a member of
one of the tribes of the Territory ol Oklahoma v, hich
have adopted the customs oi eiviliz <t hie, and ail
citizens of the United .States of the ape of twenty-
one years and upward, wtio shall have, lawlully re-
sided in the Territory one year prior to the passage
ot this act, may Vote, at th j tirsi election under this
act, for all officers to be elected by tile people. The
qualifications of voters, and the time, place, and
manner of voting at all subsequent eiecuoiis, snail
beprcscribed by the Legislative Assembly mthe Ter-
ritory: !'■ ovi'ltd, Taar no person shall be deprived
ot the right to vote or iio,d ollb-e m said Territory
on account of race or color or prcwou- condition of
servitude.
sec. o. That the legislative powerofthe Terriv-y
shall extend to ail righttul subjects ot legislation
consistent with the Constitution of the United states
and the provisions oi this act; but no iaw shall be
pa-sed interfering with tho primary disposal of tho
soli, no tax shall be imposed upon the property ofthe
I intcd States, nor shall tile lands or other propel ty
ot non-residents be taxed higher than the lands or
other pioperty of residents; and sail Legislative
Assembly shall not have power to create private cor-
porations by special acts, or to confer upon such
corporations special rights, privileges, or iraneh sos
by such acts; but it shall be lawful for such Assem-
bly to enact general laws under which, on equal
terms, any ol tho citizens may, by compliance wun
their requirements, organize themselves into sue l
corporations ior mining, manufacturing, and other
industrial pursuits, or tortile establishment of reli-
gious, benevolent, charitable, or literary societies.
Every bill which shail have passed the council and
house of representatives of sari Territory shall,
belore it becomes a law, bo presented to the Gov-
ernor ol the Territory ; if he approves he snail sign
it, but if not, he shan return it, with his objections,
to the house in which it originated, which hou.-e
shall enter the objections at large upon us journal,
and proceed to reconsider it; n, after such leeoiisid-
eration, two thirds ol that house shall agree to pass
the bill, it shall be sent, together with the objections,
to the other house, by which it shall likewise be re-
considered, and il approved by two thirds ot that
house, it shall become a law; but in all such cases
the votes oi both house* shall be determined by yeas
and nays, to be entered on the journal of each
house respectively. If any bill snail not be ie-
turned by the Go-.ernor within turee days (.Sundays
excepted) after it shall have been presented to him,
the same shall be a law in like manner as il he had
signed it, unless the Assembly, by adjournment, pre-
vent its return, in which ease it shall not be a law.
Skc. 7. That all local, district, and county oliicers,
not herein otherwise provided for, shall be appointed
or elected, as the ease may be, in such manner as
shall be provided by the Governor and Legi-lative
Assembly ofthe Territory of Oklahoma. The Gover-
nor shall nominate, and, by and with ttie advice and
consent of the legislative council, appoint all oliicers
not herein otherwise provided lor; and in the first
in-tance the Governor alone may appoint all such
officers. who shall hold their ollices until the end of
the first se.-siou. of the Legislative Assembly.
skc. S. That the judicial power of sad'Territory
shall be vested in a supreme court and districtcourrs.
The supreme court shallconsist of achief justice and
two associate justices, to be appointed by tile Presi-
dent, by and with the advice a- d consent of the Sen-
ate, any twoot whom shall constitute a quorum, and
who shall hold a term at the seat of government of
said Territory annually ; and they shall hold their
offices during four years, unless sooner removed by
the President. The said Territory shall be dm led
by law into three judicial districts, and a district
court shall_ he held in each ol s.iid districts by
one of the justices of said supreme court, at such
times and places as may bo preseiibed by law;
and the said judges shall, alter their appointments,
respectively, reside in said Territory. Il.ieh dis-
trict court, or the judge thereof, sh.ill up) < int in
clerks and intcipreters, and the said clerk -hull
also be the register m chancery, and shail keep
his office at the place where tac court may oo
11 laws, rules, and usages of each of said
held. Writs of error, bills of exceptions, and
appeal-! shall bo allowed in all rises from the final
decisions ot said di-tnet courts to tiie supreme
court, under such regulations a.- may be pre-cribed
by law. Tile supreme court, or theju-tieos increof,
shail appoint its own cle-k and interpreters, and
every clerk and interpreter shall hold Ins office ai
the pleasure ol the^ court for winch be shall nave
been appointed. VhiLS ot ii'r r and appeals troul
the filial dcei-ions ol said supreme court -hall be
allowed, and may be taken to tiie Supreme Court
ot tne United States, m the same nkiiiu' .am under
l'>e -aine la -illations a- trotu the ciieait courts ol
the United States, where the value of tiie property,
or the ami.uni in controversy, to be ascert.iined by
the oaih or affirmation of either party or other
Compttent witnesses, shall exceed in value irl.i'oo,
cm'i pt that a wi it of error or nppe.il shall lie allowed
to tiie Supremo Court of the United States trom tho
decision ot the said supremo court created by this
act, or of an\ judge thereof, or ofthe district courts
created by t ins act, or any judge thereof, upon any
writs of c 1,-iius involving tiie question ol
pels mil freedom. And each of the said district
courts shall have and ( xercise the same jurisdiction
in all C ises .!''i-iug under the C institution and laws
of the United States applicable to the Indian coun-
try, as is vested in the circuit and district courts of
the United States, subject to the limitations con-
tained in this act, and such other jurisdiction, not
mconsisient with this act, as may be conferred by
the laws of tiie Territory : and the first six days ot'
every term of said courts, or so much thereof as
shall he necessary, shall be appropriated to the trial
ot causes arising under the s.iiu Constitution and law.-,
and writs id error and appeal in ail such cases
shall lie made to tiie supreme court id" the said Ter-
ritory. the same as in other cases. Tho said clerks
shall receive in all such :ases the same fees which
the clerks of the district courts for the State of
Kansas now receive tor similar services, and all
interpreters sh.ill be paid two dollars per diem,
'ine said supreme court and circuit court shall rcc-
ogni/.o a!
Iodian tribes, as to the members and within the
limits of the same, not inconsistent with the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States and the pro-
visions of this act.
Sr.c. 9. That there shall be appointed by the Presi-
deti', by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, an attorney and a marshal lor said Terri-
tory, who shall e mtinue in office for four years, and
until their successors sh i" be appointed and quali-
fied. and they shall receive thy s nne fees and salary
as the attorney and marshal of the United States
lor the Slate of Kansas, and the said marshal shall
i-.ppo'n t his own deputies, who shall execute all
processes issuing from the said courts as prescribed
by law.
Sec. 10. That all causes in the United States dis-
trict court for the western district of Arkansas, at
the date of the passage of this act, shall be trans-
teircd to the district court provided for in the_ pro-
ceding section of this act which may have jurisdic-
tion over tho territory wherein the cause or causes
may have originated.
Sec. 11. That all officers provided for by this act,
ex cutive, legislative, and judicial, shall, before
they act as such, respectively take an oath or affirm-
ation before the judge oi any district court ol the
United States, or before the Chief Justice or some
associate ju-tice of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, to support the Constitution of the United
States and to faithfully discharge the duties of their
respective ollices, which said oa.lis, when so taken,
shall be certified by the person belore whom the
same shall have been taken, and such certificates
shall bo received and recorded by the said secretary
of the Territory among tho executive proceedings,
and afterward the like oath or affirmation shall bo
t"ken by all civil officers holding offices in said Ter-
ritory hereafter created by law, which shall be certi-
fied and recorded in such manner and lorm as may
bo prescribed by law. The chief justice and associ-
ate justices shall receive an annual salary of $.3,300;
the secretary shall receive an annual salary of ti.500,
to be paid by tho United States; tho said salaries
shall be paid quarrer-ycarly, from tho dates of the
respective appointments, at the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States; but no payment shall be made until said
olliccrs shall have entered upon the duties of their
respective appointments. The members of the legis-
la i ivc council and ofthe house of representatives
shall be entitled to receive four dollars each per day
during their attendance at the sessions thereof, and
four dollars each for every twenty miles of travel in
going to and returning from said sessions, estimated
according to the nearest u-ually traveled routes; and
an additional allowance of four dollars per day shall
be paid to the presiding officer of the legislative
council and of ttio house of representatives for each
day he shall so preside. And a chief clerk, one as-
sistant clerk, one engrossing and one enrolling clerk,
a sergeant-at-arms and doorkeeper, and all neces-
sary interpreters, may be chosen for said council
and for said house of representatives; and the chief
clerks of each shall receive four dollars per day and
the .-aid other oiiieffs three dollars per day during
thosessimi of the Legi-lative Assembly; but.no other
officers shall be paid b.\ the United States. There
shali be appropriated annually the usual sum, to be
expended by the Governor, to defray the contingent
expenses ofthe Territory, including the salary of a
clcr,-. lor the Executive; and there shall also be ap-
propriated annually a sufficient sum, to be expended
by I he secretary of the Territory, and upon an esti-
mate to be made by the Secretary of the Treasury
ol tne Uiiued Mate-, to defray the expense ofthe
Legi. -ative A.-, ujubly, tiie printing of the laws, and
other incidental expenses. And the secretary of tho
Territory shall semi-annually account to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury ot the United States for the
manner in which the moneys intrusted to him
shall have been expended. And no expenditures of
moneys belonging to the United States shall be
made"by said Legislative Assembly for objects not
specially authorized by the acts of Congress making
the appropriations, nor beyond the sum thus appro-
priated for such objects. fi.IT
Si.o. 12. That the Legislative Assembly of the Ter-
ritory ot Oklahouiasiiail hold its first session at such
time and place, in said Territory, as the Governor
thereof shall appoint and direct; and at said first
session, or as >-0011 thereafter as they shall deem
expedient, tile Governor and Legislative Assembly
shall proceed to locate and establish the seat of
Government for said Territory at such place as they
may deem eligible: Proritlrd, That tiie seat ot gov.
eminent fixed by the Governor and Legislative
Assembly shall not be at any time changed, except
bv an act of the said Assembly duly passed, and
which stiall Oe approved after due notice at the first
general election thereaiterby a majority of tile legal
votes cast on that question.
Sec. l.'i. That a Delegate to the House of Repro-
seutati\e* oi the United States, who shall be a
cii Izeii of tho United State-) and reside in said Terri-
tory, to serve for the term of two years, shall be
e'ected m the same manner and by the samo persons
who vote for members of the Legislative Assembly,
and said Delegate shall be entitled to the ?;tma
rights and privileges as arc exercised and enjoyed
by Delegates from other Territories of the United
States to the said House of Representatives; that
the first election for such Delegate shall be upon
such day as the Governor may appoint for the elec-
tion of the first Legislative Assembly, but thereafter
the time and place shall be fixed by the Governor
and the Legislative Assembly; that all the laws of
tiie United Stated which are not locally inapplicable
shall have the same force and effect within said
Territory as elsewhere in the United States.
Sec. 11. That until otherwise provided by law
the Governor of said Territory may assign tho
judges who may be appointed for said Territory to
the several districts, and also appoint tiie times and
places for holding courts in the several subdivisions
in each of said judicial districts by proclamation,
to be i.-sued by him; but the Legislative Assembly
at their first or any subsequent session uiay organize,
alter, or modify such judicial districts and assign the
judges and alter the times and places of holding tho
courts as to them shall seem proper and convenient.
Sec. lb. That all officers to be appointed under
this act for the said Territory, who by virtue of tho
provisions of any law now existing, or which may
be eua -ti 1 bv Congress, are required to give security
for moneys ib.it maybe intrusted with them for
disbursement, shall give security at such time and
in such manner as the Secretary of the Interior may
prescribe; and in all appointments herein provided
for preference (qualifications being equal) shall bo
given to competent members of tho Indian nations
or tribes lawfully within thesaid Territory, the object
being to encourage them to acquire the experience
necessary for the duties of office and civil govern-
ment in said Territory.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WELLS and Mr. SARGENT were, by
unanimous consent, granted leave to have
printed in the Globe remarks on the pending
bill. [See Appendix.]
Mr. SHANKS. 1 move to refer the bill
and amendments to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I move to
amend that motion so as to refer jointly to the
Committee on the Territories and the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And I move fa
lay the bill on the table.
Mr. COX. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. SHANKS. I accept the amendment
of the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. COX. I withdraw the call for the yeas
and nays for the present, until the House shall
divide. •
The question being put on the motion of Mr.
Garfield, of Ohio, that the bill be laid on the
table, there were—ayes 95, noes 43.
So the motion was agreed to, and the bill
was laid on the table.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was laid on
the table; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. KILLINGER. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
bankruptcy system.
Mr. CRITCHER, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. K, No 330-1) to declaro
