322
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
42i> Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. CLXV.—An Act for the Relief of the
■ Heirs or Legal Representatives of George
C. Bestor.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there shall be paid
to the heirs or legal representatives of George
C. Bestor, of Peoria, Illinois, outofany money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, in
full satisfaction of all his claim for compensa-
tion for extra work done, delays, and damages,
and expenses caused by such delays on the
part of the Navy Department in the comple-
tion of his contract of twenty-fourth day of
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, for
the construction of an iron-clad steam battery,
the sum of one hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand dollars.
Approved, February 18, 1873.
Chap. CLXX.—An Act for the Relief of Kitty
Ann Smith, widow of Thomas Smith, and
James A. Stevens, of the Cromwell Home
Guards, of Ohio county, Kentucky.
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department be, and
they are hereby, directed to pay to James A.
Stevens, of the Cromwell homeguards, of Ohio
county, Kentucky, the pay of a private soldier
for the period of time from his capture in
Kentucky, at Borah'sFerry, until his discharge
at Alexandria, Virginia. And they are also
directed to pay to Kitty Ann Smith, the widow
of Thomas Smith, of said company, the pay of
a private soldier from the date of his capture
at Borah's Ferry, to the date of his death in
the hospital at Annapolis.
Approved, February 19, 1873.
Chap. CLXXI.—An Act for the Relief of
Major John W-. Todd.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department be
authorized and directed, in the settlement of
the accounts of Major John W. Todd, of the
ordnance department, United States Army, to
credit him with the sum of three thousand
dollars, upon production by said officer of
satisfactory proof that said amount was stolen
from him by a clerk assigned to duty under
him by competent military authority, and that
such loss occurred through no fault or negli-
gence on the part of said officer.
Approved, February 19, 1873.
Chap. CLXXII.—An Act for the Relief of
Charles Trichler, of the county of Adams,
Ohio.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be refunded
to Charles Trichler, of the county of Adams,
Ohio, out of any money in the Treasury of the
United States not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of three hundred dollars, the same having
been improperly paid to the United States by
said Charles Trichler, as commutation money,
on the seventeenth day of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four.
Approved, February 39, 1873.
Chap. CLXXX.—An Act for the Relief of
Emma E. Gardner, the widow of Lieutenant
W. F. Gardner.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department be,
and they are hereby, authorized to reimburse
to Emma E. Gardner, the widow of Second
Lieutenant W. F. Gardner, twenty-fourth Uni-
ted States infantry, and acting assistant quar-
termaster, the sum of one thousand seven hun-
dred and fifty-three dollars and ninety-two
cents, the amount of money stolen from his
safe as acting assistant quartermaster, without
fault upon his part, and which amount was
replaced by him; but no part of the same shall
be paid until satisfactory proof of the amount
of said money has been furnished, and of the
fact that said Gardner properly cared for the
same, and that without negligence or fraud on
his part the same was stolen from him.
Approved, February 21, 1873.
Chap. CLXXX I—An Act for the Relief of
Joseph Wescott, of Portland, Maine.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Joseph Wescott, of Portland,
Maine, twenty-three hundred and twenty-five
dollars, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, said sum to be in full
payment of his claim against the Government
for granite delivered by him in eighteen hun-
dred and sixty, at the navy-yard, Norfolk,
Virginia, and since used in the construction
of buildings and continuation of quay wall.
Approved, February 21, 1873.
Chap. CLXXXII.— An Act for the Relief of
the widow of Alexander F. Crossman,
deceased, late Commander United States
Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized and required to
pay to the wido#r of Alexander F. Crossman,
deceased, late commander United States Navy,
one year's extra pay, he having been drowned
near Greytown, while in command of the
expedition sent by the Navy Department to
survey a route for a ship-canal across the
Isthmus of Darien, to unite the Atlantic and
Pacific oceans.
Approved, February 21, 1873.
Chap. CLXXXIII.—An Act for the Relief of
Charles H. ilallory and Company, New
York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of four thou-
sand one hundred and sixty dollars be, and is
hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay
C. H. Mallory and Company the amount
awarded by a board of officers appointed as a
court of inquiry by special order of the War
Department, Adjutant General's office, num-
ber six hundred and seventeen, -dated Decem-
ber thirteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Approved, F'ebruary 21, 1873.
Chap. CLXXXVII.—An Act to relieve from
Disabilities W. R. Boggs, of Missouri.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. (two thirds of each House
concurring therein,) That all political disabil-
ities imposed upon W. R. Boggs, a citizen of
Missouri, by reason of the fourteenth article
of the amendments to the Constitution of the
United States, be, and the same are hereby
removed.
Approved, February 22,1873.
Chap. CLXXXIX.—An Act for the Relief of
John W, Mears, Administrator of the estate
of Henry D. Mears, deceased, and of Wil-
liam Moulton, junior.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That John W. Mears,
administrator of the estate of the late Henry
D. Mears and William Moulton, junior, have
leave to make a new application to the Com-
missioner of Patents, for the extension of, the
letters-patent granted to the late Henry 1).
Mears and William Moulton, junior, July four-
teenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, for
an improvement in car seals, for fourteen years
from said date, in the same manner as they
could have done at least ninety days before the
expiration of said patent, and that the Com?
missioner of Patents be authorized to consider
and determine said application in the same
manner, and with the same effect as if it had
been filed ninety days before the expiration'of
said patent: Provided, That no damages shall
be collected by any person for an infringement
of said patent between the time of the expira-
tion of said patent and the time of the exten-
sion of the same.
Approved, February 24, 1873.
Chap. CXC.—An Act granting a Pension to
Judith Dunham.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place upon the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Judith Dunham, widow of
George L. Dunham, late a private in the sev-
enth regiment of Massachusetts volunteers,
and afterwards transferred to the United States
gun-boat Cincinnati, at the rate of eight dollars
per month, from and after the passage of this
act.
Approved, February 24, 1873.
Chap. CXCI.—An act granting a Pension to
Deborah Witham.
Be it enacted by the Senateand House, of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place upon the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Deborah Witham, mother
of Alvah C. Witham, late a private in company
K, thirty second regiment Maine volunteers.
Approved, February 24, 1873.
Chap. CXCII.—An Act granting a Pension to
Thomas Lunney.
Beit, enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America vn,
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place upon the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Thomas Lunney, late a pri-
vate in Company G, one hundred and twenty-
eighth Indiana volunteers.
Approved, February 24, 1873.
Chap, CXCIIL—An Act granting a Pension to
George W. Swartz.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of tBe
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place upon the pension-roll, sub-
ject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of George W. Swartz,
late a private jn company I, one hundred and
fifty-sixth Ohio national guards, at the rate of
