1622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
quite equal to the great saving that is to be
effected by the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege. It is said that you may cut a hole in the
door. A person has got to have some place
of security in which letters are placed, if they
are to be left there at night or at any time in
the day without his having any notification of
it. The great advantage of the free delivery is
to the poor people who live in towns whose
time is occupied from seven in the morning
till seven at night, that they may have the let-
ters delivered to them at their houses, so that
they do not have to take time, which they
have not at their disposal, to go to the post
office. The expense of carrying out this pro-
vision if you should calculate in the city of
New York or Philadelphia if every person
should have a suitable box would be hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars.
Neither is my friend from Minnesota right
as to this free delivery being a tax on one part
of the people for the benefit of another part.
The fact is that this free delivery lessens the
expense of clerks in the principal offices and
is found by the Government to be an econom-
ical arrangement in that view. I hope the
amendment will not be agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I am surprised at
one statement which has been made here.
The free-delivery system is to be limited in its
application ; it is to be applied in certain cities
where there is a population of twenty thousand
inhabitants or more; but when you come to
deliver the letters to those twenty thousand,
you withhold from all except those who com-
ply by putting a box on their door or some-
where near it. I do not think that is advis-
able. I do not think it advisable to have such
a limitation. The object of the free-delivery
system is to deliver letters to all, not only to
the men who are in the habit of going every day
to the post office, as thorough business men
are, but to those who only have a letter occa-
sionly. You will require people to have a box
which is not safe to put letters in, or else you
will require them to have a box which will
cost twice or thrice as much as the actual cost
of postage on letters to them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is a proposition for
a hole in the door. All the'rest of the bill is a
proposition for a hole iu the Treasury, as far
as I can discover, for we see the very next
proposition is "for wrapping paper, §33,000;"
and "for twine"—I do not know whether it
is the woodbine that is supposed to twine, or
what kind of twine it is—" $38,000." We
were pressed to provide for these free deliv-
ery operations upon the ground that it was a
positive saving to the Government, in avoid-
ing the necessity for a great number of clerks
to answer the calls of people at the post office
themselves. That has been the ground upon
which the Post Office Department has urged
us year after year to make large appropria-
tions for this free delivery; not upon the
ground that they were conferring a boon par-
ticularly on people who were to get their let-
ters, but chiefly and mainly on the ground that
itwas economy to the Government in saving the
large number of clerks required to wait upon
people who came to the office. It was said to
be easier to put them into separate districts,
and let each man have a separate district and
take one hundred letters or so and carry them
around.
Now you propose to compel every man,
rich or poor, one that has his lowly habitation,
in order to get his letter at all, not knowing
which way he has to do it, to put a hole in his
door and a box on the inside of the hole to
take in his letter. If 'hat is not the operation
if you are to do this thing at all, I do not
know what it is. The Senator from Connecti-
cut is entirely right. There is 110 justice in
it whatever. Why, take the city of New York,
as has been stated by the Senator from New
Jersey, where there are a million inhabitants.
There are about two hundred thousand sepa-
rate dwellings and houses where people live
in that city. Now, the expense of putting
these contrivances in two hundred thousand
houses would certainly be from one to three
dollars, say two dollars for each house, and
you have got $400,000 for the city of New
York alone.
The idea that anybody who has ever had a
house, no matter how humble it may be, can
send for a mechanic to get up this contrivance
for twenty-five or fifty cents, or one or two
dollars is totally out of the question. I know
that in this cheap city of Washington, in the
little cabin where I live, on the top of a mount-
ain, as it is now, I cannot send for a man to
mend a door-lock without paying him five dol-
lars. He will stay half an hour and bow him-
self out, and take my money, and he is gone.
[Laughter.]
Now we are to employ all the force there is
in this country to bring on their auger-bits and
their slit-saws and their glue and mahogany,
and so on, to put up these boxes in order to
save the trouble to the carrier of rapping on a
man's door, because you may take the houses
in New York, even in the city of New York,
there are not one half of them perhaps with
bells.
Mr. SHERMAN. How will they get along
in the tenement houses?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is what lam sug-
gesting. The real truth is that this is a con-
trivance which shuts its eyes to what we have
been told always heretofore, that this was a
measure of economy for the post office to send
the letters out by carriers, and to impose
upon the people an odious and uncomfortable
burden and to leave the poor people who
cannot have their arrangements made not to
know whether they are to go to the post office
or whether they are to expect the carrier to
bring their letters. Let the carrier go to the
trouble of rapping at a man's door and wait-
ing half a second until somebody comes.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Vermont is
so much concerned about the marring of the
splendid door of his palace on a mountain, in
this city somewhere, or with reference to the
expense, that be has failed to notice that
" door" is not in the amendment at all, and
no allusion is made to "door." This clause
provides that his dwelling or office, which
means anywhere 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Especially on the chim-
ney !
Mr. COLE. Anywhere that can be ap-
proached by the letter-carrier, even at the
gate-post of his dwelling. It will not create
any great inconvenience, and I can assure the
Senator that an empty cigar-box of his would
serve every purpose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Would it not be very
much better to cap the climax at once and
declare that the letter-carrier should drop the
letter on the sidewalk, or on the doorstep, and
go on ?
Mr. COLE. No: we want to provide against
that by providing that he shall furnish a box.
Mr. BAYARD. In view of the fact that
late action in the Post Office Department has
been in the way or professed to be in the way
of economy, as suggested by the Senator from
Vermont, I would ask whether iu case persons
who are entitled to receive their mail shall fail
to provide at their dwellings, offices, or places
of business these complicated receptacles for
each letter that may come, four times in the
year perhaps, those letters will have to be
advertised, and whether the cost of the adver-
tising will not be far greater to the public than
the cost of allowing the post office carrier to
pause a moment until the poor woman shall
receive her letter? As it is supposed or pro-
fessed that all these matters are in the drift
of economy, I ask whether the economy will
not be sadly in deficit, and whether there will
riot be greatly increased expense from the
increased advertising of letters which the post
office carriers refuse to deliver because forsoot h
there are not safe, proper, and economical
receptacles for the speedy delivery of this
matter?
Mr. CONKLING. I sympathize with the
objections made to this provision, and yet I
cannot shut my eyes to the fact that there is
a great deal in what is said by the Senator
from California and other Senators in the
observation of every one in reference to the
present arrangement. I know that in the city
iu which I live, where the Postmaster General
persistently refuses to allow any increase of
letter-carriers, the men engaged in distrib-
uting letters work harder than any other
similar number of men with whom I am
acquainted. These men begin very early in
the morning, and they travel until late in the
evening, and they travel so industriously that
some one of them a large part of the time is,
as the horsemen would express it, run off his
legs, and has to hire somebody to take his
beat while he recuperates. My friend from
Minnesota comes from a State that has ample
room and verge enough for door-yards in all
directions, and he does not realize how small
the people of the East are in their accommo-
dations. The carrier goes up a stoop the steps
of which juts right out into the street, and he
rings the bell, and perhaps it is not the cus-
tom of the family that resides there to have
some person hired whose business it is to
answer the bell, and some little child or some
member of the family, putting down its work
or what it is intent upon, goes and answers to
the ring. That involves not half a minute,
but a great deal more; and when you come to
take all the incidents through a day, I am sure
it is no exaggeration to say that a large part
of the time of the carrier is wasted while he
stands waiting for an answer to his ring.
Now, Mr. President, I venture to make this
suggestion to Senators who know more about
it than I do, that there might not be an impro-
priety in this provision with an alternative, a
provision which, in effect, should be that all
persons who did not choose to provide some
receptacle of mail , matter at their place of
business or office were to understand that the
carrier, after ringing the bell or knocking at
i the door, might make a deposit on the stoop
or steps of the house, of the letters whieh he
brought, and go away. Then certainly every
person who receives important mail matter
j would make provision for it. As to news-
i papers, and things of that sort, I hardly think
j there would be any risk in the carrier deposit-
i ing them on the stoop and going away. I do
' not think the people in the city in which I live
I would go and steal each other's mail matter.
| Everybody who takes newspapers from a car-
j I rier receives then! in that way. The boy
r comes along, rolls them up, and throws them
j! on the fetoop. My neighbors do not come
j; and steal my papers, and I have no recol-
j; lection that I ever went and stole theirs.
|j Therefore I think that persons who have but
!! little mail matter, only newspapers and occa-
! sionally a letter which does not contain remit-
;! tances, and who do notchoose to provide some
I box or basket in which to put it, could hardly
j complain of a ring at the bell and the deposit
; of that oil their doorsteps. I do not know
i, enough about it to feel safe in moving such an
i amendment, but I venture to make the sug-
gestion to Senators who do know about it,
' and who are in communication with the Post
Office Department on the subject.
|, Mr. CORBBTT. It seems to me if the
suggestion of the Senator from New York were
l; adopted, there would be mistakes and delays
in the delivery of letters in eases where per-
sons changed thair residences. There has
'! always to be a provision for a box for the post-
II man to receive his return letters.
i| Mr. COLE. There are some boxes provided
II for now.
!> Mr. CORBETT. It seems to me that this
II proposition of delivering the letters in boxes
will involve very great trouble. Persons may
j; moved away within a day or two, and now
