1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
(359
tht' true iutent and meaning of the act of June !
N l~-72. amendatory of the gent-nil bankrupt,
l.k\v ; which was read a thst and second time,
l, u ired to the Committee oil the Judiciary,
a.id ordered to be printed.
NEW POST KOt'TH.
Mr. TWICHELL, by unanimous consent,
i it'•odnced a bi!!(H. U. No. to establish
a p.> t route from Sargent. west line of the
State of Kansas, to Pueblo, in the Territory
of Colorado : which was read three times, and
passed.
Mr. FWICHELL moved to reconsider the
vote bv which the bill was passed : and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
Hie latter motion was agreed to.
CLARENCE KIMi's REPORT.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution : which was read, con-
sidered. and reterred to the joint Committee
on Printing:
That there be printed for the uso of the
llou.-e ot llepreseutatiyes copies uf the report
vt C'pt.iin Clarence King on the survey of the
fortieth parallel.
The question being put on Mr. Ivillinger's
motion, that the House do now adjourn, it was
agreed to.
And thereupon '^it four o'clock and fifteen
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions. «fcc., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
Ry Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee: Thepeti-
tion'ot Elijah Ktllday, of Greene county. Ten-
lie-see. praying a pension.
By Mr. CHIPMAN: The petition of George
W. Linville asid others, protesting against the
improvement of Washington harbor.
Al-o. the petition of John F. Kelley and
others, protesting against the bill to incorpo-
rate the Washington a d East Alexandria
lailroad.
By Mr. COBURN : The petit:on of Robert
S. Price. United States storekeeper in Wood-
ford county, Kentucky, praying to be reim-
bursed for expenses incurred in his defense in
an action against him occasioned by the dis-
charge of his duty as such.
By Mr. JONES: The memorial of M. A.
Hance, for relief on account of Indian depre-
dations.
By Mr. B. F. MEYERS : The petition of
Ellen Collins, widow of Mark Collins, late
private in company B, fifty-fourth regiment
Pennsylvania volunteers, for a pension.
By Mr. PRINDLE: The petition of Ann
Brien, for a pension.
By Mr. SARGENT: The petition of officers
of the Navy stationed at Mare Island, Califor-
nia, for modification of the law fixing the pay
of the Navy.
By Mr. WALDRON: The petition of 0. M.
Ball", late private company C, first regiment
United States sharpshooters, for back pension.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 17, 1873.
Prayer by Rev. S. M. Hartsock, of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. MORTON. If there is no Senator who
de-ires to hear the minutes read I ask that
their further reading be dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDEN T If there be no
objectiou the further reading of the Journal
will be dispensed with, and it is dispensed
with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. FENTON presented a resolution of the
Legislature of New York, relative to granting
aid to the American Printing-House lor the
Blind in the District of Columbia; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
lie also presented the petition of Dr. Mary
E. Walker, in behalf of the women citizens
of the United States, praying that women be
protected m the assumed right of suffrage ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
J uuiciary.
He also presented the petition of the Grand
Lodge of Good Templars ot the State of New
York, numbering over sixty thousand mem-
bers, signed by its officers, asking for a com-
mission of inquiry concerning the results of
the traffic in intoxicating liquors, and of re-
strictive and prohibitory legislation for the
suppression ot intemperance ; which was re
ferred to the Commntee on the Revision of
the Laws of the United Stales.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of so-
cieties of Sons of Temperance and Good
Templars of Springfield, Massachusetts, signed :
by iis officers, asking for a commission ot in- ;
epiiry concerning the traffic in intoxicating 1
liquors and restrictive and prohibitory legisla- :
tion for the suppression of intemperance;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Revision of the Laws of the United States.
Mr. WRIGHT. Yesterday I had the honor
to pr-eseiit a petition from R. H. Stewart and
some three hundred soldiers of northeastern
Iowa, praying for the passage of the soldiers
bounty bill, and I now present the petition of
some four hundred citizens of Guthrie and
Dallas counties, iu my State, asking tor the
passage of the same bill. I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Public Lauds.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRAG1N presented a petition of officers
of the United States Navy, praying that their
pay when on shore duty shall be the same as
at sea ; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs. _ j
Mr. COLE presented the memorial of j
Joseph S. Emery, of San Francisco, Califor- ;
nia, praying compensation for losses sustained
by him in furnishing stoue by contract for
the erection of the branch mint; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of E.
Slifer and others, of Burkettsville, Frederick
county, Maryland, praying a pension for the
children of J. E. Butts, who was a member
of the seventh Maryland volunteers; which ,
was referred to the Committee on Pensions. j
; Mr. POOL presented a resolution of the
Legislature of North Carolina in regard to the
manner of drawing jurors for the Federal
court of that State ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of North Carolina, asking for the re-
moval of the political disabilities of Burton
Craige and others, citizens of that btate ;
which was referred to the select Committee on
Political Disabilities.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of North Carolina, asking an amend-
ment to the pension law granting pensions to
the soldiers of the war of 1812 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of Cath-
arine E. Small, widow of Colonel Jacob Small,
of the Maryland militia in the war of 1812,
praying to be allowed a pension ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions. •
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
Jacob Schneider, private company K, one hun-
dred and seventh Ohio volunteer infantry,
praying for an invalid pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of a large num-
ber of citizens of Ohio, praying for the pro-
hibition of the manufacture, importation, and
sale of all intoxicating liquors to be used as a
bevt}r&cffci in tht) 1 territories of the United.
" States and in the District of Columbia; which
i was ordered to lie on the table.
:! He also presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, soldiers of the late war, praying for the
passage of the bill entitled "An act to enable
honorably discharged soldiers and sailors,
their widows and oi'phau children, to acquire
homesteads on the public lauds ot the United
States;'' which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. CAMERON presented the memorial of
the West Grove Total Abstinence Society of
Pennsylvania, signed by its officers, asking
for a commission of inquiry concerning the
results of the traffic in intoxicating liquors, and
of restrictive and prohibitory legislation for
the suppression of intemperance; which was
referred to the Committee on the Revision of
the Laws of the United States.
Mr. HILL presented the petition of C. C.
Pritchard, for his wife and others, praying to
be indemnified for spoliations committed by
the French prior to the year 1801 ; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
reports of committees.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1127) for
the relief of Charles W. Willey, submitted an
adverse report thereon ; which was ordered to
be printed ; and the bill was postponed indefin-
itely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1052) referring
the claim of J. H. Russell to the Court of
Claims, submitted an adverse report thereon ;
which was ordered to be printed; and the bill
was postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
2951) granting a pension to Mary J. Morse,
submitted an adverse report thereon ;_ which
was ordered to be printed ; and the bill was
postponed indefinitely.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of William
L. Anderson, praying for compensation for
money expended and services rendered to the
Union forces during the late war, reported it
adversely, and asked to be discharged from its
i further consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
I was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2894) for the
i relief of Nicholas Jose Merriment, reported
j it adversely ; and the bill was postponed in-
, definitely.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Richard
Barnett, postmaster at Yicksburg, Mississippi,
asking relief from the United States for money
paid by him into the Treasury under a decision
of the Postmaster General, reported it ad-
versely, and asked to be discharged from its
further consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2030) tor the
relief of Wylly Woodbridge, have directed mo
to report it back with a recommendation that
it be indefinitely postponed. In making this
report I will slate that this recommendation is
made because of the pendency of an action
in the Court of Claims for the same cause of
action, and in making it the committee rec-
ommended that the petitioner be permitted to
withdraw his papers without prejudice to his
claim, that they may be used in the prosecu-
tion of that suit.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
dissent the bill will be indefinitely postponed,
and the petitioner will have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
Mr. NORWOOD subsequently said : I move
to reconsider the vote by which House bill
No. 2030 was indefinitely postponed. I wish
it to be placed on the Calandar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the vote indefinitely postponing the
biil will be regarded as reconsidered, and the
bill placed on the Calendar with the adverse
report of the committee.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on
, the District of Columbia, to whom was relerred
