324
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[MarcK 3,
42d Cong.,..3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
President of the United States for his approval,
and not having been returned by him to the
House of Congress in which it originated within
the time prescribed by the Constitution of the
United States, has become a law without his
approval.]
Chap. CCXTX.—An Act for the Relief of
Addison Goodell, of Illinois.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner
of the General Land Office be, and he is here-
by, authorized and directed to state an account
in favor of Addison Goodell, of Illinois, for
the repayment of four hundred dollars, paid as
the purcnase-money of the northwest quarter
of section number twenty-five, in township
twenty-four, north of range ten east, entered
by Thomas G. L. Wamsley, on the twenty-
ninth of November, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, per Dauville, Illinois, certificate num-
ber eighteen thousand three hundred and
twenty, and sold by him to said Addison
Goodeil, the entry having been canceled at the
General Land Office: Provided, That before
the said sum of four hundred dollars shall be
paid to the said Addison Goodell, he shall ex-
ecute abond to the United States, in the sum of
eight hundred dollars, with sufficient surety to
be approved by tie Secretary of the Treasury,
conditioned 10 sa 'e harmless the United States
from any liability to said Thomas G. L. Wams-
ley, or any person claiming under him, by rea-
son of the paym3nt hereby authorized to be
made to the said Addison Goodell.
Approved, March 1, 1873.
Chap. CCXX.— An Act for the Relief of
Isabella Orange.
Whereas, Isabella Orange, widow of John
C. Orange, late 1. private,company D, seventh
regiment West Virginia volunteers, purchased
and came into poi-session of the southeast quar-
ter of the southeast quarter of section thirty-
five, township four, range six, in Monroe
county, Ohio, believing she had received a
good title for the same ; and whereas, she paid
the purchase-mo ley for said lands out of the
proceeds of her sension received on account
of the death of her husband in the United
States service, ar d she has made valuable im-
provements on s lid land; and whereas, said
land has never been sold or disposed of by
the United States Government: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of th°. United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner
of tbe General L md Office be directed to issue
a patent to Isabella Orange, of Monroe county,
Ohio, for the southeast quarter of the south-
east quarter of section thirty-five, township
four of range six, in Monroe county, Ohio.
Approved, March 1, 1873.
Chap. CCXXL—An Act to authorize the Ac-
counting Officers of the Treasury to settle
the Accounts .if Charles T. Brown, and J.
J. S. Hassler, !ate Agents for the Chippewa
Indians in Minnesota, on the grounds of
Equity and Justice.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of ike United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury be, and they are hereby,
authorized to settle the accounts of Charles T.
Brown and J. J. S. Hassler, late agents for
the Chippewa Indians in Minnesota, on the
grounds of equity and justice; but on the
same principle, as far as practicable, as the
accounts of other agents are settled.
Approved, March 1, 1873.
Chap. CCXXII.—An Act for the Relief of
Benjamin H. Campbell, Marshal of the
United States, for the Northern District of
Illinois.
Be it enacted by the Senate arid House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the A.ioruey Gen-
eral be, and he is hereby, authorized, in the
settlement of the accounts of Benjamin H.
Campbell, marshal of the northern district of
Illinois, to allow him credit for such sum of
United States Treasury and national bank
notes as were in his hands as marshal, belong-
ing to the United States, not to exceed seven
thousand six hundred and seventy-nine dollars
and twenty-three cents, as he may be satisfied
was burned in said marshal's office in the cus
tom-house building at Chicago, Illinois, on the
ninth day of October, anno Domini eighteen
hundred and seventy-one, and the accounts of
said marshal occurring prior to said fire may
be settled upon such evidence as shall satisfy
the proper accounting officers that credits
claimed by him in respect to matters happen-
ing before said fire are just and true.
Approved, March 1, 1873.
Chap. CCCXXXV.—An Act for the Relief of
Horace Tyler.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, do pay to Horace
Tyler, of New Orleans, of the State of Louis-
iana, the sum of thirty-four thousand nine
hundred and eighty-eight dollars and fifty-
three cents, in full satisfaction for all work
done by him or by his authority on the bar at
the mouth of the southwest pass of the mouth
of the Mississippi river, and for all claims under
and by virtue of a contract entered into be-
tween him and Brevet Lieutenant Colonel M.
D. McAlester. of the date of fifth November,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCXXXVL—An Act for the Relief of
Hiram W. Hayden.
"Whereas, on the sixteenth day of December,
in the year eighteen hundred and fifty-one,
letters-patent of the United States were granted
to Hiram W. Hayden for machinery for mak-
ing kettles and articles of like character from
disks of metal, which were extended by the
Commissioner of Patents, and were afterward,
on the thirteenth day of February, in the year
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, reissued to the
said Hayden, and were afterward, to wit, on
the twenty-fourth day of May, in the year eigh-
teen hundred and seventy, surrendered and
reissued to the Waterbury Brass Company, as
assignees of the said Hiram W. Hayden, in
two divisions, numbered, respectively, three
thousand nine hundred .and ninety-five and
three thousand nine hundred and ninety-six,
and which will expire on the sixteenth day of
December, in the year eighteen hundred and
seventy-two; and whereas, it appears that the
said inventions and machinery of the said
Hiram W. Hayden are novel, and that he is
the original and first inventor thereof, and that
the same are of great value and importance to
the public, and that the said Hirain W. Hay-
den has received no adequate reward for the
service conferred on the public by said inven-
tion: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the said letters-
patent, as reissued May twenty-fourth, in the
year eighteen hundred and seventy, be, and
the same are hereby, extended, for the term
of seven years, from the sixteenth day of De-
cember, in the year eighteen hundred. and
seventy-two, to the said Hiram W. Hayden,
his heirs and legal representatives; and the
Commissioner of Patents is hereby directed,
upon the presentation of said letters-patent
and the payment of the fees and charges pro-
vided by law, to make a certificate of this
extension on the said letters-patent, or on
a certified copy thereof, and to cause this
extension to be recorded in the records of
the Patent Office.
Approted, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCXXXVTI.—An Act for the Relief
of William Spence.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress'assembled, That out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
Secretary of the Treasury do pay to William
Spence, of Murfreesborough, Tenn&ssee, the
sum of twenty-four thousand two hundred and
ninety dollars and eighty cents, in full satis-
faction for all grain, horses, cattle, mules,-and
hogs of the property of said Spence, taken,
and used by the proper military authorities of
the United States during the late war of the
rebellion, for the support of the Army, at or
near said Murfreesborough, during the years
eighteen hundred and sixty-two and eighteen
hundred and sixty-three.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCXXXYIII.—An Act for the Relief
of Ethan A. Sawyer.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury be, and they are
hereby authorized and required Co pay, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to Ethan A. Sawyer, the sum
of five thousand dollars, for Bervices rendered
as scout, guide, and recruiting officer in the
United States Army, and for property taken
by the United States forces and appropriated
to their use.
Approved, March 3,1873.
Chap. CCCXXXIX.—An Act making Appro-
priations for the payment of Claims reported
allowed by tie Commissioners of Claims
under the Act of Congress of March third,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasui-y be, aud he is hereby, authorized and
required to pay. out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to the
several persons iu this act named, the several
sums mentioned therein, the same being in
fall for, and the receipt of the same to be
taken and accepted in each case as a full and
final discharge of, the several claims presented
by such persons to the commissioners of
claims under the act of March third, eigh-
teen hundred and seventy-one, and reported
to the House of Representatives under the
said act; that is to say:
op the state of alabama.
To Hiel Abbott, the sum of one hundred
and seventy-eight dollars.
To John B. Adair, one hundred and twenty
dollars.
To Marion A. Addison, one hundred dol-
lars.
To Thomas T. Allington, one thousand
seven hundred and twenty dollars.
To Elizabeth Alvis, seventy-five dollars..
