660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
the bill (S. No. 1357) for the relief of the
Protestant Episcopal Church of the District
of Columbia, reported it without amendment.
Mr. MACHEN, from the Committee 011
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
9-10) for the relief of William Webster, of
Maine, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 309) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to refund cer-
tain moneys to James 0. P. Burnside, reported
it with an amendment : and submitted a report
thereon which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2908)
to refund to Thomas C. Magruder certain
moneys stolen from him in 1859. have directed
me to report it back without amendment and
recommend its passage, and 1 ask for its pres-
ent consideration.
Mr. WRIGHT. The Senator from West
Virginia is aware that the Committee on
C'uims, were almost equally divided on that
bill, and he certainly can hardly expect to
pass it this morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
mode, the bill will be placed on the Calen-
dar.
Mr. WRIGHT. The Committee on Claims
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2793)
fo  the relief of Spurch & Spier, have in-
structed me to report it back with a recom-
mendation that it be indefinitely postponed.
It is to compensate them for money paid as
taxes upon certain highwines. Since that
time we have passed a general law on tins
subject referring allthes0 matters to the proper
deoartment, and we therefore report this bill
wi h a recommendation that it be indefinitely
postponed.
The bill was indefinitely postponed.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the same committee, to
whnm was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2903)
for 'he relief of James F. Casey, collector of
the port of New Orleans, reported it without
am  ndment.
pv'blic building in ontario. new york
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am di-
rected by the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R No . 2878) to pay the county of Ontario,
in the State of New York, the sum of $25,500,
to report it with an amendment, and I ask for
its present consideration. A brief statement I
think will satisfy the Senate that the bill ought
to pass.
In 1857 and 1858 an arrangement was made
with the supervisors of the county of Ontario
by which a public building was erected there,
and it was expected at that time that its cost
would not exceed the sum of $25,000 ; but
upon examination it was found that a building
sufficient for the accommodation of the county
and the United States post office and courts
could not be put up for any such sum. They
did put up one of the best buildings in the
State, as I am told, and it cost $60,000. They
made a lease of one half of it to the United
States, and it is fully one half; but the lease
was made with an express reservation that
they should call upon the Government of the
United States for the other half of the expend-
iture, having received $12,000 from the Uni-
ted States when it was expected the building
would not cost more than $25,000. They
reserved the right to call upon the United
States for the remainder of half of the
$60,000. They did come before Congress in
I860 or 1861 for the amount, but the claim
was considered adversely at that time, there
being no money in the Treasury that we could
well spare for that purpose. Now, this bill
1 comes from the House, appropriating $25,500,
on the ground that the court-house and post
office cost $60,000, and that the public grounds
upon which it stood were worth at least
$15,000. The Committee on Public Build
ings and Grounds of the Senate have rejected
that portion of the claim asking for compen-
sation for the site, as it does not appear that
anything was paid out for the site. We only
valued it at what it is supposed to be now
worth, and have reported an amendment
reducing the amount of the bill as it passed
the House from $25,500 down to $18,000;
and as this building accommodates the United
States, and is to be kept in repair by the
county, they keeping a janitor there, and it is
nearly fire-proof, it is one of the most econom-
ical arrangements that have been made in re-
gard to public buildings, and I hope the bill i
will be passed.
Mr. COLE. I do not see why that bill
should not take its place and chances on the
Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill will be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. FENTON subsequently said : The Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Cole] withdraws
his objection to the passage of the bill in
relation to the building in Ontario county,
New York. There will be no further objec-
tion to it, I am sure, and I hope it will be
considered now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 2878) to pay the
county of Ontano, in the State of New York,
the sum of $25,500. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to the county of
Ontario, in the State of New York, the sum
of $25,500, for the perpetual use of half of
their court-house and post office building, the
same to be paid on the order of the treasurer
of Ontario county, New York, if on due
examination the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury shall find the same due. .
The Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds reported the bill with an amendment I
to strike out all of the bill after the words
"New York" in line five, and to insert in lie-u
thereof the following:
In addition to the sum of 812,000 heretofore paid,
the sum of $18,000, to the order of the treasurer of
Ontario county. New York, for the perpetual use,
repair, and care of half of their court-house and
Eost office building, of which the United States now
olds a lease, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, aud the amendment was concurred ;
in and ordered to be engrossed and the bill
read a third time. The bill was read the
third time, and passed.
The title was amended so as to read : "A
bill to pay the county of Ontario, in the State
of New York, the sum of $18,000."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds to report back the petitions in
this case, and ask to be discharged from their
further consideration.
The report was agreed to.
works at duloth.
Mr. ANTHONY. Iam directed by the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred a
resolution to print additional copies of Exec-
utive Document No. 21, in regard to the Gov-
ernment works in the harbor of Duluth, to
report it back without amendment and rec-
ommend its passage. It will cost $250.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to, as follows:
Remlvcd, That one thousand additional copies of
Executive Document No. 21, giving information re-
garding the Government works in the harbor of
Duluth, with the accompanying maps, be printed
for the use of the Senate.
mkdical history of the war.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am also directed by
the same committee, to whom was referred a
resolution of the House of Representatives for
the distribution of the Medical and Surgical
History of the War, to report it back without
amendment and recommend its passage; and
I ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to, as follows :
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the
Senate concurring,) That of the five thousand copies
of the medical and surgical history of the war
authorized to be printed by joint resolution of Con-
gress, approved March 3,180'J, two thousand copies
shall be for the use of the House of Representatives,
one thousand for the Senate, and two thousand for
distribution by the Surgeon General of the Army.
bills recommitted.
Mr. SCOTT. An adverse report was made
on the bill (H. R. No. 2431) granting a pen-
sion to John Davis, corporal of the night-watch
on board the United States ship Octorara, and
the bill indefinitely postponed. I move to re-
consider that vote for the purpose of recom-
mitting the bill to the Committee on Pensions
with additional evidence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the vote on the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill will be regarded as recon-
sidered, and the bill recommitted to the
Committee on Pensions with the additional
evidence in the case.
Mr. HILL. I move that the bill (H. R. No.
1187) for the relief of Jacob R. Davis, of Rich-
mond county, Georgia, which was reported
adversely from the Committee on Claims some
days ago, be recommitted to that committee
on account of new evidence that has been
adduced.
TEe VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that order will be made.
bills introduced.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1392) authorizing the settlement of the
accounts of Henry O. Brigham, deceased;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1393) for the relief of Susan Currier ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WEST asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1394) to provide for the improvement of the
navigation of Calcasieu river, in the State of
Louisiana; which was read twice by its title-.
Mr. WEST. I move the reference of the
bill to the Committee on Public Lands, and I
desire it to be entered on the Journal that I
introduce it by request.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Journal
does not state that fact, but it will appear in
the Globe. The bill will be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1395) granting a pension to George Bax-
ter, only heir and minor child of Robert Bax-
ter, late second lieutenant tenth regiment
Minnesota volunteers; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1396) to encourage the construction of
canals for irrigation and navigation in Cali-
fornia ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. COLE. I move the reference of the
bill to the Committee on Public Lands; and
I will state that I have received numerous
telegraph communications urging action upon
it, and I hope the committee will take notice
of it, and report upon the bill as soon as
possible.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NORWOOD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1397) to remove the political disabil-
ities of Thomas Hardeman, of Bibb county,
Georgia; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities, and ordered
to be printed.
