1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1625
they agree to do, they like other people who
deal with the Government shall enter into con-
tract to do it according to the prescribed
terms. That is all there is to this provision,
and I hope it will be retained in the bill.
Mr. WINDOM. The prescribed terms in
the contracts give the Postmaster General the
power to regulate the schedule and the time-
table, and I am perfectly satisfied they will
never enter into those contracts.
Mr. ANTHONY. I know of railroads that
refuse to make any contract With the Govern-
ment, and it is absolutely indispensable to send
the mails over them. There is no excuse for
the refusal of railroad companies to do this,
but there is no power on the part of the Gov-
ernment to compel them to do it. The New
York and New Haven Railroad Company that
I referred to yesterday has no contract with
the Government, and refuses to make any con-
tract with the Government to carry the mails,
and in its correspondence with the Post Office
Department has flung that fact in the face of
the Department: " You have no contract with
us, and what we do is mere sufferance on our
part." We have no power to compel them to
it, and if we pass such a law as this it will be
■mere bruturn fulmen.
Mr. COLE. The Senators engaged in this
debate are excellent lawyers, and I am not;
and it may be that they are correct that there
is power to compel railroad companies to exe-
cute contracts after the manner prescribed
here ; but I am inclined, from what I do know
about the subject, to doubt the ability of any-
body or the Government to compel them to exe-
cute the contract as is provided in this clause
which is stricken out.
There are other provisions here, however,
which tend to constrain the railroad companies
to enter into contracts, and, indeed, one pro-
vision you will find aims directly in that direc-
tion. They are restricted in their privileges
unless they do enter into contracts. We can
only provide means by which they can be in-
duced to do it. But I think the power to
compel them absolutely does not exist in the
Congress of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why, Mr. President, I
wish to ask the honorable Senator if it is not
the law now that the carriage of the mails upon
railroad routes as well as others shall be upon
advertisements and upon contracts; and if this
very bill, when you turn over to the next page,
does not provide for regulating the contract
term—a limitation upon the time for which you
may contract; and if, as a matter of fact,
ninety-nine hundredths of the railroad com-
panies do not carry the mail upon advertised
contracts, contracts entered into as contracts,
with sureties and all that? And yet, in the
face of that, the committee tell us that these
railway companies are so powerful that we
must not even advise the Postmaster General
to enter into contracts with them to perform
whatever they agree to perform according to
the terms that are agreed upon.
Mr. COLE. It is certainly competent for
Congress to prescribe the character of the
contract if it is entered into ; but to require
the execution of a contract is another question
^Mn'STEVENSON. I do not understand
that this clause has anything to do with forcing
the railroads to contract for this service. 1
understand that they agree to do a certain
service, and this clause only provides that it
shall be done in proper form. I do not be-
lieve, either, that the railroads have a right to
refuse to perform this service; or at least, it
thev have, we can make contracts with rival
roads which will perform it. I do not think it
ought to be said upon the floor of the Senate
of the United States that the railroads have the
power to set this Government at denance, i.
know that corporations are increasing in power.
We see the evidence of that all around us.
We see their hands in every act oflegislation.
We see men boasting that there is no purity
in Congress; that the railroads of this country
hold the representatives of this nation at
their bidding ; and we know that committees
are now sitting to investigate that subject.
Now we are gravely told that the Govern-
ment of the United States are at the feet of
the railroad companies in executing under the
public emergencies a power which the Con-
stitution has confided to Congress. I cannot
believe that the railroad corporations will
attempt to bring themselves into direct antag-
onism with the Government; but if they have
giown so bold and so great as to say to the
Postmaster General that Congress does not
possess the power to compel them to contract
for this service, let ns see if we have not the
power to encourage the building of rival
routes, and thereby dispense with their ser-
vices, or secure competition to the advantage
both of the Government and of the people.
Mr. CARPENTER. I was in the Senate
yesterday when the Senator from Rhode Island
[Mr. Anthony] mentioned the sad case exist-
ing in his State, and bemoaned the want of
power on the part of this Government to build
a railroad between two points where the pres-
ent railroad would not do what it ought to do.
I desire, without going into the discussion of
so broad a subject at this time, to enter my
protest against the idea that this Government
is so feeble. Upon another branch of Federal
power—that is, the power to regulate com-
merce among the States—in my judgment,
although we cannot compel these railroad
companies to enter into a contract with us,
we can prescribe the terms and conditions
upon which they shall transport wheat, corn,
pork, merchandise, mails, or any other matter
that is to be transported over a railroad. I
have no doubt of the power of the Goverment
to do that under its power to regulate com-
merce ; and its power to build a railroad be-
tween those portions of the country where an
existing railroad will not do its duty and pro-
poses to become an extortioner upon the Gov-
ernment is as clear as its power to establish a
post office or build one. '1 The Congress shall
have power to establish post offices and post
roads"—not dirt-roads, as they say out in
Ohio, but macadamized roads, or railroads,
or any other roads which modern civilization
may suggest; and that power is as clear as
the power to build a post office in New York
city.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I ask my friend
whether a much narrower question is not this:
whether Congress has not got the right to use
an existing railroad as a post road?
Mr. CARPENTER. Undoubtedly that is
so, upon the terms of making compensation
for whatever servitude Congress should lay
upon the road. It is taking private property
for a public use, or it is subjecting it to a pub-
lic servitude, which Congress must make com-
pensation for. There is no more doubt about
our power to regulate this matter than there
is of our power to lunch at five o'clock under
the resolution that the Senate passed to-day.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WINDOM. I do not propose to dis-
cuss this question, and only wish to say that I
most fully agree with the opinions expressed
by the Senator from Wisconsin ; but until we
are ready to apply that power, let us not do a
thing that cannot be carried out. It is agreed
by the Senator from Wisconsin, and by the
Senator from Kentucky, I think also, that we
cannot compel these railroad companies to
contract. Then why pass a provision that
requires them to do a thing which we cannot
compel them to do?
Mr. STEVENSON. I suggest to the honor-
able Seator from Minnesota that I donot con-
sider that the question now under discussion
involves the power.
Mr. WINDOM. The question under dis-
cussion involves just this power: "That the
proprietors of railroad routes shall execute
contracts in due form for the faithful perform-
ance of the service; that the mails shall be
conveyed with due frequency and speed." Who,
then, is to decide what that" due frequency and
speed" is? The Postmaster General. They
are required to contract in such a way that he may
regulate the frequency of their trains and the
speed at which they run. And yet Senators
admit that we have no power to compel thaw
to contract. We propose to say that they shall
do it, and admit that we cannot compel! then>
to do it! What is the sense of such a provision?
If the Senator from Wisconsin is right, as I
believe he is, if the railroads refose to do our
service, let us pass an enactment that wiU
quire them to do it, and in a way that we can
enforce the law we pass, and not do a yai 
thing, as it proposed to do by this provision.
Mr. LEWIS, (at five o'clock and thirty-
eight. minntes p. m.) I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Min-
nesota mistakes the scope of this provision
when he says that we require a railway com-
pany to enter into a contract which shall make
them subject themselves entirely to our will.
That is not it. This is the clause:
" For increase of compensation for the transport-
ation of mails on railroad routes, upon the condition
and at the rates hereinafter mentioned, $500,000, or
so muoh thereof as may bo necessary: Provided,
That the Postmaster General be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to readjust the compen-
sation hereafter to be paid for the transportation
of mails on railroad routes upon tho conditions and
at tho rates hereinafter mentioned."
There are two things, conditions aud rates.
One of the conditions is, that before this
money is spent for increase of compensation,
you shall make a bargain with the man to
whom you are to pay it that he will do some-
thing for that compensation, and (hat you shall
bind him to a legal responsibility to do it if he
is to take the money. That is the point.
Therefore I hope the amendment will be dis-
agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It costs many of these
railroads more than the Government pay, and
have paid for the last ten years for the ser-
vice they render, and it is for that reason
that the railroads refuse to contract with
the Government. Besides that, there can
be no competitive contract unless there are
two lines. The Government is forced to deal
with but one line, but one bidder. This
whole system is based upon the consent of
the railroad companies, because the cost to
them on the main trunk lines, where they are
running their postal cars, is more than the
Government have heretofore paid them. We
now propose to pay them more. This is vital
to the bill itself. No railroad company will
or can contract with due regard to the inter-
ests of its owners and stockholders, under the
present condition of postal arrangements.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdrew this morning
my amendment, offered yesterday, to strike out
this increased compensation on one condition,
and on information furnished to me that the
schedule of compensation arranged in this bill
had been carefully prepared, with the sanction
of the Postmaster General, by officers of the
postal service experienced in and familiar with
the whole business. As I was not prepared
to say that these rates were either too high or
too low, I felt bound to be guided by the decis-
ion of the officers of the Government. Rut
since we have given the railroads compensa-
tion, that will simply pay them for all the ser-
vice they render, according to the judgment of
our officers, we ought to require them to con-
form to the general postal laws of the country,
and make contracts in the same form provided
as to other parties. We should require them
to enter into these contracts, or else refuse
them this additional gratuity.
It seems to me, that we cannot, in our postal
laws, make any discrimination in favor of rail-
roads ; but we must treat them fairly. If the
rates here prescribed by law are fair and re<i-
