1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
661
Mr. SAW1ER asked, and by unanimous'
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 13981 for the relief of Jane M. Ru-
dolph ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1399* permitting Lieutenant Theodore B.
McMasoti, of the Navy, to accept a decoration
from the emperor of Brazil; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LOGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1400) to promote puhlic justice in the several
Territories of the United States; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Territories, and ordered to be printed.
vienna exposition.
Mr. SCHURZ. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the joint res-
olution in regard to the Vienna exposition.
The moiion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed, the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion iH. R. No. 170) to enable the people of
the United States to participate in the ad-
vantages of the international exposition to be
held at Vienna in 1873, the pending question
being upon the amendment of Mr. Carpenter,
which was to insert as an additional section
the following;
That there be, and hereby is, appropriated out of
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated. the sum of $3iX),UOO, to be expended by the
Secretary of War in the completion of the Washing-
ton monument in the city of Washington.
Mr. CARPENTER. I understand on in-
quiry that there is a very serious question
whether the Washington monument ever can
be completed. It is supposed by some engin-
eers that if it is completed according to the
original plan it will sink down out of sight
entirely, in consequence of the soft ground on
which it is built. The place upon which it
was originally located is, from the face of
nature, exceedingly favorable to its disap-
pearing at an early day. It was planted, I
believe, in the lowest place there is in or about
the city of Washington.
Mr. HOWE. Will my colleague allow me
to make a suggestion?
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. In view of the information
just imparted, would it not be better to change
his amendment so as to provide for disposing
of the existing monument and pay the ex-
penses of this exposition with the proceeds?
[Laughter.]
Mr. CARPENTER. I was going to suggest
that the amendment ought, to be still further
amended by providing that the $300,000
should be employed by the Secretary of War
either to complete or demolish the monu-
ment, 1 do not care much which, for the
thing in its present form is an eye-sore to
every man. But in view of all the circum-
stances connected with the question of com-
pleting that monument, it can hardly be con-
sidered in connection with this resolution. I
therefore withdraw the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
withdraws the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I voted against the
amendment raising the amount of the appro-
priation to $300,000 when the question was
before the Senate yesterday. I am not op-
posed to a proper representation of this
country at the Vienna exposition, but I was
persuaded, and on further inquiry confirmed
in my belief, that, as happened in the case ot
the Paris exposition many years ago, Congress
delayed longer than it should have done in
making an appropriation for the purpose.
The result was that, as usual when there has
been too much procrastination, things had to
be done in a great hurry. 1 had serious doubts
yesterday, which are not wholly removed to-
day, that in confeequence of the mistake which
I have just mentioned, though we shall prob-
ably be much better represented at Vienna
than we were at Paris, we shall not be repre-
sented as well as we might have been had
proper steps been taken in Congress earlier.
I believe, however, in making the best even
of a bad situation.
Upon inquiry made as fully as time would
allow, I discovered that the organization had
proceeded so far that to undertake to change
it now would probably have a very bad effect.
In other words, it is as one of those cases
where a system less desirable once launched
and carried forward to a certain point has to
be carried out to prevent total failure. I shall
not therefore interpose any further objection
to this joint resolution, although, as I said, I
could have greatly wished that the proper
appropriations had been made much earlier.
I do not wish that the productions either of
the mind or of the soil of the United States 1
should ever be presented at any great national
fair anywhere in the world except under cir- |
cumstances certain, as far as human foresight
can provide, to do them the fairest justice.
Whenever that justice is done to them I do
not fear any comparison with any other land
the sun ever shone upon.
I think, sir, that the limitation of the honor-
ary commissioners to fifty in the amendment
which we have in print this morning might as
well be omitted, for that will hardly be an !
adequate number, considering, as 1 am in-
formed by the commissioner general, that the
number of gentlemen of the highest standing
who are willing to act as honorary commis-
sioners is very great.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does the Senator from Cal-
ifornia offer an amendment to that effect, to
strike out that limitation?
Mr. CASSERLY. I simply move to strike
out the words "not to exceed fifty," in line
twenty of section one. Perhaps the author of
the amendment, the Senator from Missouri,
will consent to the modification.
Mr. SCHUUZ. I have no objection to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California moves to strike out " not to
exceed fifty," as to the number of honorary
commissioners.
Mr. SCHURZ. It is suggested to me by a
member of the committee that there ought to
be some limitation, perhaps seventy-five or
one hundred. If that number would satisfy
the Senator from California, I think there
would be no objection to it on the part of the
committee.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I will accept one
hundred. I am not disposed to be tenacious
as to the number.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
. from California moves to strike out the words
, " not to exceed fifty " and to insert " not to
1 exceed one hundredto which the committee
I assent.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the joint resolution to be read a
third time; and it was read the third time.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for the yeas and
navs on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 17 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony. Bayard. Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Casserly, Cole, Cragin, t erry of
Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan,
Hill, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye, Pat-
terson, Pool, Ramsey, Ransom, bchurz, Sprague,
Stockton. West, Wilson, Windom, and W right—29.
NAYS — Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Carpenter,
Chandler, Davis, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan,
Hamilton of Texas, Kelly, Maclien, Norwood,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Stevenson, Tipton, Trumbull,
and Vickers—17. .
ABSENT—Messrs. Blair, Brownlow, Cameron,
Clayton, Conkling, Cooper, Corbett, Edmunds, 1 en-
ton. Goldthwnite. Hamilton of Maryland, Hitch-
cock. Howe, Johnston, Rcllosg, Lewis, Morrill of
Vermont, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Rice, Robertson,
Sawyer, Scott, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, and Thur-
man—2H.
So the joint resolution was passed.
m'gregou railroad in iowa.
Mr. WRIGHT. Some days since I intro-
duced a bill (S. No. 1200) to extend the time
for constructing a railroad from McGregor to
the west line of O'Brien county, Iowa ; which
was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. I understand the chairman of the
committee is absent and the clerk also, and the
committee are not able to have a meeting. I
said at the time I introduced the bill that I did
so by request and that I would not support the
measure unless the people of that locality were
in favor of it. I am satisfied from memorials
since received that they do not want that ex-
tension, and inasmuch as I introduced the bill
under the circumstances stated, I move that
the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the bill with a view to its in-
definite postponement.
; The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the committee will be discharged
from the further consideration of the bill, and
1 it will be indefinitely postponed. The Chair
■ hears no objection, and it is so ordered.
! mint laws.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of the Mint
bill, as it is commonly called, revising and
amending the laws relative to the mints and
; assay offices and coinage of the United States,
i I do not think it will take more than the time
consumed in the reading of it.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 2934) revising
I and amending the laws relative to the mints
i and assay offices and coinage of the United
' > States.
'I The Secretary proceeded to read the bill,
'j but before concluding,
j The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
L will suspend the reading. The morning hour
! has expired, and the Calendar is before the
Senate under the Anthony rule ; but the Sen-
ator from Indiana has given notice of his
desire to speak to-day upon a resolution offered
'! by him in regard to the election of President
and Vice President.
; Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to give notice
II that after the Senator from Indiana shall have
| concluded his remarks I shall ask the Senate
to dispose of this Mint bill. I think it will
only take the time required in reading it.
indians of central superintendence'.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I ask leave to
report a bill from the Committee on Indian
Affairs repealing an act passed at the last ses-
sion, and I should like to have it disposed of
at once. It will not take a minute to act upon
it, and it is somewhat important that the bill
should now be considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator yield to the Senator from New Jersey?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There was a
treaty with the Ottawas by which they were
authorized to buy twenty thousand acres of
land. They were appropriated to a university.
The Baptist denomination were interested in
it, and have advanced some thirty or forty
thousand dollars, and have also purchased
some seven thousand acres of land, in view
of the university being there located. At the
closing hours of the last session a bill came
from the House, being a Senate bill, which
authorized all this property to be sold, and
: the proceeds given to the Indians and their
representatives. This whole subject, we find,
is now in the courts in litigation, and therefore
the Committee on Indian Affairs unanimously
recommend that the act which was passed at
the close of the last session be repealed, and
I leave the parties in statu quo. _
By unanimousconsent, the bill (S. No. 1391)
repealing an act entitled "An act for the relief
of certain Indians in the central superintend-
ency," approved June 10, 1872, was read three
times, and passed.
