1S73.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
063
Senate. Mr. Mason, of Virginia, lip would havp
had the result of the election in his own hands
His decision either war might hare resulted in
civil war or revolution. Had he rejected the
vote and elected Mr Buchanan lie would un-
doubtedly have been supported bv his party
and sustained by the letter of the Constitution":
while, on the other hand, it would have been
insisted that that provision of the Constitution
was merely directory: that the vote of Wis-
consin was not forfeited because it was cast
one day after the time tixed by law, as the
failure to vote at the proper time was occa-
sioned b_v a snow-storm which prevented the
assembling of the electors, and that Mr. Buch-
anan was therefore fraudulently elected: and
tht- danger of a revolution would have been
imminent.
Hiit suppose that when the objection was
madi* to counting the vote of Wisconsin it
hud been entertained, and the decision of it
reterr d to the concurrent vote of the two
Houses taken separately, as now provided bv
the t w nty-seeond joint rule? The Senate was
then strongly Democratic and the House Re-
publican. I he Senate would in all probabil-
ity ha'*e decided that the vote of Wisconsin
s'tioulii be rejected, and the Hou«e that it
should be received. Their failure to agree
would have resulted in the contingency [
have supposed, in throwing the election of
the President into the House ot Represent-
atives, in which Maryland, carried by Mr. Fill-
more and which had been carried by the
Know Nothings m the election of members
ot Congress in 1S54, would under the twenty-
second joint rule have held the balance of
poner. and Mr, Fillmore, with but one vote in
the House to begin with, would very probably
have been elected President.
a dangerous potee.
Upon the hypothesis that the President of
the Senate has the power to open and count
t;.e eli ctoral votes, and that the two Houses
are to be present merely as witnesses, and
have no jurisdiction over the subject either
jointly or separately, everybody must per-
ceive that it is a vast and dangerous power
to repose in the hands of one man, especially
when he may be ardently devoted to the for-
tunes of a great party, or when he may be
personally interested sitting as a judge in
his own case; for it has happened six times
in the history of our Government that the
President of the Senate has opened and
counted the votes for himself, either for
President or Vice President. In 1797 John
Adams, as Vice President, opened the votes for
himself and declared himself elected Presi-
dent. In 1801 Jefferson, as President of the
Senate, opened and counted the votes for him-
self when he and Burr wore the candidates
for President. In 1821 Vice President Tomp-
kins, as President of the Senate, opened and
counted the votes for himself, he being n can-
didate for rfeelefction : and in 1837 Mr. Van
Buren, then Vice President, counted the votes
tor himself as President and declared himself
elected. In 1841 Richard M. Johnson, then
Vice President, opened and Counted the votes
tor his reelection as against, Mr. Tyler, the
opposing candidate r and in 1861 Mr. Breck-
inridge, then President of the Senate, opened
and counted the votes for himself as a candi-
date for the Presidency.
Clearly the frarners of the Constitution did
not contemplate that the President of the Sen-
ate in opening and counting the vote for
President and Vice President should exercise
any discretionary or judicial powers in de-
termining between the votes of two sets of
electors, or upon the sufficiency or validity of
the record of the votes of the electors in any
Stale: but that he should perform a merely
ministerial act. of which the two Houses were
to be witnesses and to make record. But the
exercise of these hich powers may devolve
upon him ex necessitate rei. and'wb -fever de-
cision he may make between the two sets of
electors or upon the sufficiency and validity of
the record of the votes—whether on the evi-
dence of the right of the electors to cast votes,
or whether they have been cast in the manner |
prescribed by the Constitution—his decision is j
final. |
the question now pressing.
There are said to be two sets of electoral
votes at this time in the hands of the Vice
President from the State of Arkansas, and two
from the State of Louisiana; and whichever
of these sets lie decides is the proper electoral
vote and brings forward, opens, and causes to
be counted, must be so received : and from
his action there is no appeal. The action of
the two Houses in 1S"21 in regard to counting
the vote of Missouri is no exception to this
view of the power of the President of the
Senate, for the question in that case was not
as to any irregularity in regard to the electoral
vote of Missouri, but whether Missouri was rt
that time a State in the Union and entitled
to participate in the presidential election at
all, which was also the qups'ion in the elec-
tion in 1817 in regard to Indiana, and in 1800
in regard to Georgia.
The President of the Senate may. indeed, be
impeached for high crimes and misdemeanors
should he grossly violate his duty and thus
fraudulently count or reject electoral votes;
but that would not amend the record which
had been made, undo the wrong, help the
presidential candidate who may have been
cheated out of the office, nor protect the
nation from disorder and civil war.
If it should happen, upon the recurrence of
any one of the cases I have been considering,
that the decision of the President of the Sen-
ate should determine the result and give the
Presidency to the candidate who would other-
wise have been defeated, or throw the election
into the House of Representatives where the
candidate who had been rejected by the peo-
ple should be elected by the vote ot the States,
nil can understand the imminent peril in
which the nation would be placed.
In 1801, when Mr. Jefferson, as President,
of the Senate, counted the vote as between
himself and Aaron Burr for President, it
turned out to be a lie vote, and had there then
been a question or content in --egttrd to a single
vote such as exists to day in regard to sevr 1,
he might have decided himself elected and the
nation would have beer without redress. Such
a temptation, springing li n like upon a man
of less patriotism and weaker virtue, backed
by a great party in a soacoi) of high excite-
ment, might have proved fatal to the peace of
the nation.
the twextv-sf.r.ond joint rule.
I uowcome to theconsiderauon of the twenty-
J second joint rule of the two Houses, adopted
in 1805, in regard to the counting of the elect-
oral vote. This rule was undoubtedly the
result of a conviction in Congress ot the ne-
cessity of providing some method for avoid-
ing the dangers I have been discussing ; but
it was certainly adopted without much con-
sideration, and with a view apparently oi fur-
nishing an additional safeguard against receiv-
ing electoral votes from States that had been
in rebellion. But it is general in its charac-
ter, is applicable to all the^ States, and will
continue in operation until it is amended or
repealed.
It is, in my judgment, the most dangerous
contrivance to the peace ot the nation tuat
has ever been invented by Congress—a tor-
pedo planted in the straits with which_lh«
ship of State may at some time come into
fatal collision. This rule provides, among
other things, that when the vote shall bo
counted in the presence of the two Houses ■
" ] f, upon th«' readnii; nf a,n\ c ■! i ifi • itf. ..ny ques-
tion ,-ha 11 ar> >e in res;.ml to counting t ue v"te- I herein
certified. the same bavin- been «r it-.l bv the Pre-
siding Officer, the Sji'imtc shall thereupon withdraw,
, and said iiuu-tion o.iall be .-ubiruUe.i jo that body
\ for it-" dect-ton ; a:i 1 tins Speaker ot the^llou e ot
b Representatives shall, in like manuer, suomit sain
question to the House of Representatives for its de-
cision ; and no question shall be decided affirm-
atively , mi'I no vote objected to ,-lm'l be counted,
except by the concurrent votes ot' the two Tlou-'e*;
which beint; obtained. the two Houses shall imme-
diately reassemble, and th-j Presiding Officer shall
then announce the ileei-ion of the question sub-
mitted. and upon any suo'i question there shall bo
no debate in either House; and any other question
pertinent to the object for which the two Houses
are assembled may be submitted and determined in
like manner."
By this rule it is provided that whenever an
electoral vote is objected to the Senate shall
retire to its Chamber, and each House shall
separately consider the objection, and the vote
shall not be counted unless the two Houses
concur to that eti'ect. If the two Houses dis-
agree, the vote of the State is lost. This may
re-ult in a tie, or in the election of the candi-
date who would otherwise have been defeated,
or in preventing either of the candidates fiom
having a majority of all the votes, and thus
throwing the election into the House of Rep-
resentatives. Each House is to decide the
question without debate, in a summary man-
ner, without investigation and without adjourn-
ment. Here is a powerful temptation to the
House of Representatives, by non-concurrence,
to tlnow the election into its own body, and
thus peiliaps secure the election of a candi-
date who may have been overwhelmingly
bea'en at the polls. The two Houses may bo
under the control of. different parties, as 111
1857, led by politicians, ambitious, exasper-
ated, and thirsting for power, who are thus
enabled by a mere noil concurrence to defeat
an election by the people and seize the admin-
istration of the Gjvernment into the hands of
their party.
■' Lead us not into temptation" is a part
of the Lord's prayer, and here is a mortal
temptation spread in the pathway of a defeated
party by which they may snatch victory lrom
the jaws of defeat at the very last ttep m the
tedious process of electing a President. The
substance of this rule is, that in the eleventh
hour, in the lasi stage ot the proceedings lor
the choice of the Chief Magistrate, a found
objection made to the elec.oral volcs of a
State suspends the count and makes the right
of the people of th it S-ate to a voice in t.ie
' election to depend upon the affirmative eon-
] current vole of the two Houses, waich, in the
exigency of parties, may not be obtained, hovv-
' ever riu,.ll ihe merit of the objection.
| its unreason.
i To me the proposition seems very plain that
the Constitution confers upon Congress no
i power, whether by statute or joint rule, to make
I the right of the people of a State to partici-
I pate m the presidential election to depend
! upon such a contingency. If the rule were
! reversed, and provided that the vote of a State
I should be counted unless the two Houses con-
I curred in its rejection, it would be far more
reasonable and far less dangerous. It would
be much more logical to require the concurrent
action of the two Houses to reject the vote of
a State in favor of which the presumptions of
the law should lie, than to make its admission
depend upon the concurrence of the two Hou=es,
as if the presumptions of the law were against
its fairness and legality. Logically, it would
seem that the objection made to receiving
the vote of a State, to be valid, ought to be sus-
tained by the vote of the two Houses, but under
this rule the objection is assumed to be good
unless overcome affirmatively by the vote of
the two Houses, thus expressly placing it in
the power of one House to reject the vote of a
State.
The rule is an invitation to partisans to^
make captious and factious objections. It'
makes the concurrent action of the two Houses
necessary where it should not be; and to sum up
its perilous absurdity, its " monstrous illogic,"
its dangerous unconstitutionality, it places it
in the power of a defeated party, which may
happen to have a majority in either House, to
deleat, an election by the people, and to take
