664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
the chances of anarchy, or of a victory, by
throwing the election into the House of Rep-
resentatives.
But it may be said that neither House
would take the responsibility of refusing to
concur in counting the vote of a State, unless
the objection to it were well-founded. This is
not the history of parties or of parliamentary
proceedings. It is not the history of parties
that they will voluntarily surrender an advan-
tage, though tainted with odium and injustice,
or that their representatives in the Legislature
will; for it is a law of parties to obtain all the
power possible, and to yield no advantage
except upon compulsion or for compensation.
But this extraordinary provision by which
either House is empowered to reject the vote
of a State in the election of President is
created by a joint rule of the two Houses.
The Constitution provides that "each House
may determine the rules of its own proceed-
ings that is, the mode of conducting its
business and doing those things which, by the
Constitution and laws, it has a right to do.
But surely this clause does not give the two
Houses the power by a joint rule to enable
either House to disfranchise States by rejecting
their electoral votes. The provisions of this
rule to have any validity must be embraced in
a law duly enacted, which has been submitted
to the President for his approval; and, even
as a law, it would be the most fearful enact-
ment on the statute-book, conferring as it
does upon either House the power to block the
wheels of Government and plunge the nation
into anarchy. It was the purpose of the
framers of the Constitution to make the exec-
utive and legislative branches so far independ-
ent of each other that the existence of the
one would not depend upon the consent or
action of the other; but here is a rule, a mere
parliamentary rule, which gives to either
House a fatal negative upon the election of a
President b/ the people. A power so vast
and dangerous certainly cannot be created as
a mere rule of proceeding.
CONGRESS NO CANVASSING BOARD.
The proposition that Congress has power to
sit as a canvassing board upon the electoral
votes of the States, admitting or rejecting them
for reasons of its own, subverts t.ho whole
theory by which their appointment was con-
ferred upon the States ; makes Congress the
judsje of the election and qualifications of
President and Vice President, and by the
operation of the twenty-second joint rule gives
that power to each House separately as in case
of its own members. There is no such ex-
press power given to Congress in the Consti-
tution, nor is it necessary to carry out any
express power therein given, and its exercise
would be in direct conflict with the known
purpose of the framers to make the executive
and legislative departments as nearly inde-
pendent of each other as possible.
The act of 1792, which is still in force,
provides that the electors shall meet in each
State and cast their votes on the first Wed-
nesday in December, and that they shall
be chosen within thirty four days before that
lime, leaving no room between the two pe-
riods for a contest as to their election before
any tribunal, and making it impossible that
Congress should in any way pass upon the
regularity or rightfulness of their election.
"When they had cast their votes on the first
Wednesday of December, they were functus
officio, and could never meet again either to
correct a mistake, or for any purpose what-
ever. It is obvious that it was not contem-
plated by the framers of the Constitution that,
after the electors had met and cast their votes
and had become functus officio, there was any
tribunal that could inquire into the rightful-
ness or regularity of their election and set
aside their votes. The framers of the Consti-
tution seem not to have anticipated the possi-
bility of two sets of electors, each claiming to
cast the vote of a State, or of irregularities or
frauds in the choice of electors, which would
warrant the rejection of their votes. It was
clearly a casus omissus, and one of the imper-
fections of a new scheme of Government
which could not in fact have been perfect
unless its framers had been infallible.
TIMIDITY OP THE FRAMERS.
It is to be observed that the members of the
Convention in 1787 started out with the idea
that the President and Vice President could
not be safely chosen by the people of the
United States. The theory of democratic gov-
ernment was then so imperfectly understood
that it was not deemed safe to trust the mass of
the people with the election of the Chief Mag-
istrate ; and when they finally agreed to vest
the election in electors chosen for the express
purpose, it was deemed a great stride toward
popular government.
It was objected to leaving the election of i
; President to the mass of the people as one
1 community that it would result in consol- i
I idation—that the smaller States would be
swallowed up by the larger. It was further ;
1 objected that in such an election the slave
States would be shorn of their power, be-
: cause their slaves could not vote and the inas-
j ters could not vote for them. The idea of t
j interposing an electoral body between the
I Chief Magistracy and the people had come
down from ancient times, and had its origin
in aristocratic forms of government where the
nobility elected the sovereign or chief magis-
trate.
The first plan in the Convention of 1787 was
that Congress should elect the President, and
when the idea of an electoral college was first
discussed it was proposed that the electors
themselves should be appointed by Congress,
but it was afterward determined to leave the
choice of electors to the Legislatures of the
several States, in order to make the execu-
tive independent of the lelegislative and pre-
serve the power of the States, which was as
near as they were willing to bring the presi-
dential election to the people.
THEORY OP ELECTORAL COLLEGE.
The theory of the Electoral College was that
a body of men should be chosen for the ex-
press purpose of electing a President and
Vice President, who would be distinguished
by their erninenr, ability and wisdom, who
would be independent of popular passion, who
would not be influenced by tumult, cabal, or
intrigue, and that in the choice of the Presi-
dent they would be left perfectly free to exer-
cise their judgment in the selection of the
proper person. And in order to secure more
perfectly the independence of the electors the
Constitution provides that they shall vote by
ballot in the Electoral College so that it might
not be known to each other or to the country
how they voted. In short, the idea was that a
small body of select men could be more safely
intrusted with the election of President and
Vice President than the whole body of the
people. The idea of intermediate electoral
bodies was then working in the minds of the
doctrinaires and revolutionists of France, and
received its full development in the celebrated
constitution projected by the Abbe Sieyes,
which was adopted and had a short life.
Now that democracy is better understood,
and popular government has been more thor-
oughly tested, we have learned that large elect-
ral bodies can be more safely trusted than
small ones; that while it may be possible to
corrupt small bodies, it is impossible to cor-
rupt large ones, and that the danger of tumult,
which was ever present in the mind« of the
framers of the Constitution, arises chiefly from
the exclusion of the masses from power and
conferring it upon a few.
ITS FAILURE.
That the candidates for electors should be
pledged in advance to vote for particular per-
sons was not only not contemplated by the
framers of the Constitution, but was expressly
excluded by their theory. They were to be
independent, not influenced by previous com-
mittals or engagements, so that when they
came together they could deliberate with per-
fect freedom for the best interests of the Repub-
lic. How completely this theory has been
overturned in practice for more than seventy
years I need not recite. For more than seven-
ty years the electors have been pledged in ad-
vance to vote for particular persons for Presi-
dent and Vice President. They themselves
have been nominated as candidates for electors
upon express pledges or understandings, which,
although not binding in law, have been effec-
tually binding upon them in public opinion,
insomuch that an plector who would violate
the understanding upon which he was nomi-
nated and vote for the opposite candidate
: would be rendered infamous, and visited with
every form of indignation that society could
invent.
| So powerful have been these obligations
i that I believe scarce an instance is known
where electors have violated these pledges.
The more complicated machinery is, whether
in politics or in the arts, the more liable it is
to get out of order. In the complex system
of electing a President which we now have,
contingencies may arise which cannot be fore-
seen which may lead to civil war and disaster.
The simpler the machinery of government the
more easily is it understood and the less liable
to accident.
Not only has the result been that the elect-
ors are not left free to select a President and
Vice President, they being in all instances
pledged in advance, but it has unquestionably
been a blessing that this has been so, for ex-
perience has demonstrated that small bodies
of men intrusted with such vast powers as the
choice of the Chief Magistrate of the Republic
are liable to the arts of corruption, cabal, and
intrigue, while the great body of the people
cannot be reached in that way.
Mr. Benton once declared that "the only
effectual mode of preserving our Government
from the corruptions which have undermined
the liberty of so many nations is to confide the
election of our Chief Magistrate to those who
are farthest removed from the influence of his
patronage, that is, to the whole body of Ameri-
can citizens." His patronage would be ample
to reach every elector in every State, but it
cannot reach the wholo body of the people.
This danger has in effect been avoided by
pledging the electors in advance to vote for
particular persons; but this pledge in advance
defeats the very purpose for which the Elec-
toral College was created, and converts it into
a body of agents who are to execute their
powers according to strict instructions given
before their appointment.
The electoral colleges have turned out to be
wholly useless. Every reason given for their
original establishment has absolutely failed in
practice. But while they are powerless for
good, they may be potent for evil. In their
election errors may easily be committed, and in
very many instances have been. While nobody
would mistake the name of Grant or Greeley,
changes in the names on the long list of elect-
ors may occur from errors in printing or fraud
sufficient to reverse the vote of a State.
IT RESTRICTS THE FRANCHISE.
One great objection to the present electoral
system is that it absolutely circumscribes the
power and the rights of the individual voter.
He cannot now vote for the man of his choice
for President, but must vote for electors.
There may be two sets of electors representing
two different parties before the people, but he
may not be in favor of either, and would pre-
fer to cast his vote for a third ; yet he has no
power to do it. It would be impossible for
him alone in the State in which he lives to put
candidates for electors in the field who would
vote for the man of his choice. That can only
be done by an organized party, which may
have no considerable vote in the State in which
