1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
charge of this bill to indicate that the debate
during the hour allowed for debate shall be
under the five-minutes role.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do; and I
would like to ask the Speaker whether that
would admit new amendments.
The SPEAKER. It would amendments to
the pending amendments germane thereto.
Mr. CONGER. I ask that that amendment
in regard to the printing of documents be
again read.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done
until the bill is before the House.
The question was put upon the motion of
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio; and on a division,
there were—ayes 92, noes 18; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Garfield,
of Ohio, and Mr. W. R. Roberts were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes one hundred and twelve, noes
not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
report on centennial celebration.
Mr. PENDLETON, by unanimous con-
sent, reported back from the Committee on
Printing, without amendment, the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the
Senate concurring,) That of the report of the
United States centennial commission, made in obe-
dience to the acts of Congress of March 3,1871, and
June 1,1872, giving the organization of said com-
mission, ana the plans, classifications, and arrange-
ments for the international exhibition and centen-
nial celebration of 1876, there be printed for the use
of the State Department fifteen hundred copies ;
for the use of the Senate three thousand copies;
for the use of the House six thousand copies, and
for the use of the centennial commission- thirty
thousand copies, making: in all forty thousand five
hundred copies.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
darien surveying expedition.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask that a commit-
tee of conference be ordered oil the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses in regard to the
printing of the report of the Darien surveying
expedition.
There being no objection, a committee of
conference was ordered to be appointed.
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The hour allowed for dis-
cussion upon the amendments to the miscel-
laneous appropriation bill now begins at
twenty-five minutes aftereleven o'clock. The
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] for the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
And be it further enacted, That from and after the
1st day of July next no books or doeuments shall be
printed or published for gratuitous distribution;
but the Secretary of the Interior shall be, and
hereby is, authorized to order extra copies of any
work, book, or document that shall hereafter be
printed by the Government for the use of members
of Congress, or for any of the Departments of the
Government, and to furnish such copies to any per-
son that may apply for them at such prices, at his
discretion, as will in whole or in part reimburse-to
the Government the actual cost of publication, and
preclude their appropriation and use as wrapping
paper or material for the manufacture of paper.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stevenson] offered an amendment to
this amendment, to strike out the words "in
whole or in part," so that the reimbursement
to the Government for documents shall be
entire, not partial in the discretion of the Sec-
retary of the Interior.
Mr. STEVENSON. I understood that my
amendment was adopted in Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not so
understand; and such is not the record of the
Clerk.
Mr. FARNSWORiTH. All the amendments
are pending.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am not particular
upon the point; but I ask that the /our&al be
examined.
The SPEAKER. TheTdS is no Joufnal
of proceedings in Committee of tb$ Whole,
except the rough minutes kept by the clerks,
who report thac the question was not taken
upon the amendment of the gentleman ftom
yhi°. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. butler] also has an amendment pend-
ing, which will be read.
The Clerk read as follows;
No part of the money hereby appropriated shall
be used to defray the expenses of, or pay any salary
or compensatio-n to, any officers engaged in the
so-called competitive civil service examinations,
Mr. BANKS. My intention in the amend-
ment which was offered on toy behalf by the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
was that it should apply to books ordered to
be printed after the 1st of July next. My
purpose was that the printing of books for
gratuitous distribution should be discontinued
simultaneously with the abolition of the frank'
ing privilege.
Mh STEVENSON. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] will excuse me a
moment. I line! that the Globe records my
amendment as having been adopted.
Mr. HALE. Does it make any difference
whether that amendment came in last night or
not? Can it not be offered now?
The SPEAKER. It is pending.
Mr. HALE. Even if it were not pending,
could it not be offered now?
The SPEAKER, It could.
Mr. BANKS. My object in the amendment
was that the two regulations, the abolition of
the franking privilege and the prohibition of
gratuitous distribution of books, should go
into operation simultaneously, not because I
am strongly opposed to the distribution of
books, but because I am positively certain
that unless this distribution be regulated in
some way, it will and must revive the franking
privilege. I have advocated for seventeen
years the abolition of the franking privilege;
and I think it is one of the greatest reforms
that has been attempted by this Congress, to
say the least. Therefore I propose to modify
the amendment so as to refer only to books
that shall be ordered to be printed after the
law abolishing the franking privilege shall have
gone into operation.
Mr. CONGER. Books ordered to be printed
after the 1st of July next?
-Mr. BANKS. Yes; that it shall apply
only to works ordered to be printed after the
1st of July, 1873 ; which is practically con-
fining it to books ordered to be printed after
the first Monday of December next.
One strong reason that leads me to offer
this proposition is that the distribution of
books under the present system is to a great
degree a useless one. Although the books are
in many cases of great value, of inappre-
ciable value, yet they go to men to whom
they are in a great degree not particularly
useful, while those to whom they would be
most beneficial very often fail altogether to
get them. Now, if we allow the Secretary of
the Interior, as was my idea, to deliver these
works when printed to anybody who will
apply for them at half their actual cost to the
Government, provided that does not allow
men to bay them for waste paper, or wrapping
paper, or to be used in the manufacture of
paper, it would be vastly more beneficial to
the country and to the people who receive the
documents than the system we now follow.
One strong reason in support of this propo-
sition is this fact: take, for instance, the agri-
cultural report and the Patent Office report,
two of the most important documents printed
by the Government, There is in the whole
country scarcely one complete set of either of
those reports. Two or three years ago, when
I was at the Patent Office, I was told that there
was sot even in that office a complete set of.
the reports of the Patent Office from thetime
of its establishment. -It was the same in the
Agricultural Bureau ; they h'a'd not a complete
set of the agricultural reports in that bureau.
And, as the chief officer Of that bureau told
me, it was-with great difficulty and "with great
labor'that they had been ableto collect from
different parts of the country back volumes
enough to make a Complete set.
I venture to say that of the forty million
people among whom these reports have bee#
distributed heretofore not one has been able
to obtain and retain a complete set of them.
But the regulation I propose, while it would
give these works to everybody who wanted
them, would secure the distribution of them
among the people to whom they Would be
useful, and the men, in a great majority of
cases} who received one volume would be
willing and desirous to complete the set as
they were issued from year to year, and thus
in every important town and' city in every
State there would be complete sets of these
works.
Mr. MAYNARD. What is the real import-
ance of having, for example, the agricultural
reports in complete sets ? Each report is com-
plete in itself, and the one does not depend for
its value upon the others.
Mr. BANKS. The complete set would pre-
sent the progress of agricultural industry from
the beginning of the operations of the Depart-
ment. It would show exactly the progress
made each year, and that is of very great ad-
vantage not only to individuals, but to all sec-
tions of the_country and to the Government. •
The English Government has adopted this
plan. It allows anybody to purchase its public
doeuments, whatever they are, at such apro-
portion of their actual cost to the Government
as will prevent their being bought by specu-
lators for wrapping-paper or for the- manufaeJ
ture of paper. The honorable Mr. Lawrence-^
William Beach Lawrence—one of the ablest
of the international law writers of this country
at the present time, told me yesterday that he
had been unable to get the works in which he
was interested which were puhlished by Con-
gress, but that he had a standing order with
the British Government, in pursuance of which
he received, as fast as they were published, all
the documents that were of importance in th«
studies he was pursuing.
Now, if we adopt this practice here, we shall
be able to supply documents to all those inter-
ested in the particular subjects to which thosd
doeuments relate, and they will be enabled to
obtain complete sets of those works. . •
Take the railway surveys. How many com-
plete sets of the Pacific railroad surveys can
be found? How many complete sets of the
educational reports can be found?- It is $
department established only five years since.
How many complete sets can be found in the
country of the mineral surveys? Very few.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOAR obtained the floor.
Mr. BURCHABD. I rise to a question of
order. I should like to have the modification
of the amendment of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts-reported.
Mr. BANKS. I will reduce it to writing in
a moment.
Mr, HOAR. Mr. Speaker, my colleague in
the last sentence has touched unconsciously,
perhaps, the gist of this question. England'
is governed probably by less than one hundred-
great families. Occasionally under the Eng-
lish constitution, once perhaps in a quarter
of a century, the people show their power, but
commonly England is governed, and delights
to be governed, by less than one hundred of
her great families. - There the • less people
know about the details of administration or
the subjects to which it relates the better it is,
