666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
tricts in States that did not choose them by
their Legislatures, but this practice was broken
up. more particularly by the action of Virginia
and Massachusetts, at a time when they were
the two leading States, because it tended to
divide and destroy their power in the presi-
dential election. When their votes were to be
cast solidly, the vote of the whole State being
thrown as a unit, it is obvious that they were
of greater consideration than under a system
which might divide them up between the con-
tending candidates. We have seen in recent
elections with what anxiety the result has been
looked for, in New York and Pennsylvania for
example, because their votes being cast in
solido would be likely to determine the result;
but if the votes of those States might have
been divided up by the people voting directly
for President iu districts, the case would have
been quite different.
I do not wish it to be understood that the
proposition to «lect the President by a direct
vote of the people in districts is new with ine.
So far from that? it was proposed and advoca-
ted iu this body more than fifty years ago, and
has passed the Senate in the form of a pro-
posed amendment to the Constitution not less
than four times by the requisite two-thirds vote.
It has received the support of many of the
ablest men of the nation in generations that
have passed away, and every succeeding pres-
idential election has demonstrated its wisdom
and utility as compared With the present sys-
tem.
election by tBe house of REPRESENTATIVES.
The Constitution further provides that when
the vote is counted in the presence of the two
Houses—
" The person having the greatest number of votes
for President shall be the President, if such num-
ber be a majority of the whole humber of electors
appointed; and if no person have such majority,
then from the persons having the highest numbers
not exceeding three on the list of those Voted for
as President, the House of Representatives shall
choose immediately by ballot the President. But in
choosing the President, the vote3 shall bo taken by
States, the representation from bach State having
one vote; a quorum for this purpose shall consist of
a member or members from two thirds of the States,
and a majority of all the States shall be necessary to
a choice."
That this provision for electing a President
is fraught with danger to the nation will scarcely
be dtnied by any.
ITS PteRIL.
It ia matter of history that the election of
Mr. Jefferson by the House of Representatives
iu 1801 came near making shipwreck of the
Government and involving the hation in civil
war. Nothing prevented that result but the
patriotism of several members of the House
who voted against their principles and their
party for Mr. Jefferson to relieve the nation
from the great peril in which it Wns placed.
Again, in 1825, when Mr. Adams was elected
by the House the proceedings became odiotls
to the nation, and drew upon all parties con-
cerned an unpopularity from which they never
recovered.
The objections to this constitutional provis-
ion for the election of a President need only
to be stated, not argued.
First, its manifest injustice. In such an
election each State is to have but one vote.
Nevada with its forty-two thousand population
has an equal vote with New York, having one
hundred and four times as great a population.
It is a mockery to call such an election just,
fair, or republican.
Again, this plan of election furnishes the
grandest opportunities for corruption, cabal,
and intrigue. Where the delegation of a
State is equally divided, it is in the power of
one venal member by the change of his vote
to control the vote of the State. Such charges
were rife in both the election of Mr. Jefferson
and that of Mr. Adams, though as I believe
without foundation ; but certain it is that the
great and patriotic Clay never recovered from
the charge that as a member of the House h«
cast his vote and influence for Mr. Adams,
and afterward became his Secretary of State.
THE REMEDY.
But I will be asked, what is the remedy? I
answer that I would be glad if some method
could be devised by which the nation could
escape the danger of having the House of
Representatives to elect a President in any
case; but if such is to be the resort in case
no candidate for the President gets a majority
of all the votes, I would have both Houses of
Congress to meet in joint convention, and each
Senator and Representative to have one vote.
This would be in exact harmony with the prin-
ciples upon which theelection is now to be made
by the people of the several States. Under the
new system which I propose, that the people
of the several States shall vote directly for
President, each State is to have as many dis-
tricts and as many votes as it has Senators
and Representatives iu Congress; and why
the same rule should not be preserved when
the election is thrown into Congress it is hard
to perceive. If each State is to be allowed as
many votes by the people, or the electors, aa
it. has Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress, why should it not be allowed the same
number of votes when the election is thrown
into Congress? It would still preserve in
Congress the same apportionment of power
among the States that exists when the elec-
tion takes place by electors. It would avert
; the monstrous injustice of giving the State of
| Nevada the same power in the election of
j the President as has the State of New York.
By this change Nevada would have three
' votes and New York thirty-seven, which ia
| their present relative strength in the electoral
; colleges.
j There would be no more danger to the
small States by this apportionment of power
between them and the large ones, if the elec-
; tion of President should be thrown into Con-
j gress, than there is by the same apportionment
of power now existing in the electoral colleges.
AS ABSURP INJUSTICE.
In the election of a President in the House
of Representatives under the present appor-
tionment, each State having one vote, forty-
five members out of the two-hundred and ninety-
two may make the election, as follows : Dela-
ware,Nebraska, Nevada, and Oregon have each
one member, and four members would cast the
votes of those four States ; Rhode Island and
Florida have each two, and four members
would cast the votes of thoae States; Minne-
sota, New Hampshire, West Virginia, Vermont,
and Kansas have each three members, and two
votes in each, or ten members in all five would
cast the votes of those five States; Arkansas,
California, and Connecticut have four members
each, and three in each, or nine in all, may
cast their votes; Maine and South Carolina
have each five members, three of whom in
each, or six in both, may cast their two votes ;
Maryland, Mississippi, and Texas have each
six members, and four in each, or twelve in
all, may cast the vote of those three States.
This makes nineteen States, or a majority of
the States in the Union, and forty-five mem-
bers may cast their votes, and elect a President
of the United States against the wishes of the
other two hundred and forty-seven members
of the House of Representatives. Again, these
nineteen States have an aggregate population
bjr the census of 1870 of a fraction over eight
millions of people, while the remaining eight-
teen States have an aggregate population of
about thirty millions. So that nineteen States,
having scarce more than one fifth of the entire
population of the United States, may elect a
President in the House of Representatives
against the wishes of the other four fifths. And
this by courtesy has been called republican
government 1 Compared with it the Rotten
Borough system was a mild and very small
bagatelle.
Such a Combination and result as above
exhibited may not be likely to occur; but
they are possible under the present system
of electing a President in the House of Rep-
resentatives by a majority of States ; and no
system admitting such possibilities should be
tolerated. In 1825 it did happen that Mr.
Adams was elected ih the House over General
Jackson, who had received a larger propor-
tional majority of the popular vote than has
any Presidetit elected since that time, and
who had also a large plurality of the electoral
votes.
There is always danger to a country in an
injustice in its institutions, and the danger
increases as the injustice is aggravated.
It is certainly something of a strain upon
our Constitution that the small States have art
equal representation with the large States in
the benate ; yet x Know of nobody seeking to
change it. But When the smallest State is
made equal to the lafgest in the fchoice of the
President of the United States, the gross in-
equality becomes offensive, and must become
dangerous to the country Whenever the power
is exercised. Surely every patriot who looks
forward with anxiety to the future peace and
perpetuity of the Republic must earnestly pray
that it may never again be exposed to the
trial of electing a President by the House of
Representatives under the present provision
of the Constitution; and most of ail should
the Bmall States ask to be delivered from the
exercise of a power so grossly unequal and
offensive.
THfi TIME OtPORTUKfi FOR REFLECTION
The object I have in view to-day is not so
much to advise and propose remedies as it is
to point out to the Senate and to the country
dangers that lie in the pathway of the nation,
contingencies, some of them not remote, but
neat and probable, which threaten the country
with revolution and tue Government with de-
struction, and to urge that the path of duty is
the pftth of safety; that now, in a time of
peace and political calm throughout the nation,
We sliOtild a.ddbeis Ourselves to the removal of
these fefllous obstructions that Were hidden to
the eyeS of our fathers, but have been brought
to our knowledge >y observation and experi-
ence.
HECAPITtJLATION.
And to 6iim up in recapitulation, I would
say that if the system of electoral colleges is
to be coiitinued, some means should be devised
by which the election of these electors in the
States may be contested, so that if it has been
controlled by fraud or violence, or if there be
two sets of electors, each claiming the right to
Cast the vote of a State, there may be some
machinery or tribunal provided by which fraud-
ulent returns could be set aside of corrected,
and the contending claims of different sets of
electors be settled iti advance of the time when
the vote is to be finally counted, and by which
the President of the Senate may no longer be
left to exercise the dangerous powers that
seem to be placed iu his hauds by the Consti-
tution, nor thfe tWo Houses bf Congress by the
operation of the twenty-second joint rule.
Patriotic men of all patties must rejoice that
General Grant has been reelected by so large
a majority that the electoral votes of Louisana
and Arkansas ate .unimportant to the result,
for without intending here to express any
opinion in regard to those votes, I must be
permitted to say th&t thtey ate surrounded by
such circumstances and attended with so much
doubt in the public mind that the peace of the
nation would be imperiled if the result of the
presidential election was to be determined by
them.
The plan of dispensing with the electoral
colleges and electing the President directly
by the vote of the people of the whole country,
as one community, or by dividing the States
up into districts, seems to me to be a remedy
for many of the evils and dangers to which I
