1632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. McKee] had
his full five minutes.
Mr. FARNSW'ORTH. The reason I can-
not yield is because there is only one hour
allowed for debate and there is no amend-
ment pending in reference to the civil service.
There is an amendment pending in reference
to the publication of books. I do not propose
to talk about the civil service. If the clerks
who come up from the South fail to pass the
examination, I am sorry for it; but there is
nothing on that subject in this bill.
On the subject of the publication of books
the gentleman from Massachusetts on my right
[Mr. Hoar] seems to be opposed to any reform
in this extravagance in public printing. He
desires to continue the same waste and extrav-
agance. The argument in favor of abolish-
ing the franking privilege was that it would
have a tendency to cut off this public printing,
and stop the printing of documents which are
not wanted by the people and restrict the
printing to those that are really needed.
Now, the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts is in that direction. It provides
that every man may be furnished with any
document who will pay either what it costs
exactly or less, so as to keep it oat of the
waste-paper basket, so that it shall not be
bought up by the paper-mills to make new
paper, and to secure that the document shall
fall into the hands of a man who really
wants it.
Now, the present method of distributing
documents by Congress is absurd. One dis-
trict is agricultural and another is commercial,
but the man representing the commercial dis-
trict receives the same number of agricultural
reports as the man who represents an agricul-
tural district, and the man who represents an
argicultural district receives as many reports
on commercial relations as the man who rep-
resents a commercial district. Well, every
member thinks that he can tickle some voter
by sending him a book, and a member repre-
senting an agricultural district sends the re-
port on commercial relations to his constit-
uents, and the voter is pleased at seeing his
member's frank and receiving a book from
him ; but when he looks at the book he can-
not understand it and throws it away, and
when the collector of waste paper comes
around it goes to a paper-mill. So with the
agricultural reports sent to city districts ; there
are no farmers there and nobody who wants
those reports. The result is that the man who
wants the book does not get it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CONGER. The object of the gentle-
man in offering this amendment evidently is
to prevent the printing of all the books already
ordered by Congress, because immediately
after the report of the Public Printer was read
before this House, stating that the books could
not be printed before the 1st of July, this prop-
osition was offered to prevent the printing of
any books not printed before the 1st of July.
I understand the object of the gentleman after
having heard the report from the Public Printer
that these books could not be printed before
the 1st of July. It was to stop the printing
of all these matters which had been collected
and prepared at such great expense, and for
which appropriations have already been made
for printing in laws already passed and now
under consideration.
Mr. BANKS. I had no such intention what-
ever; it never entered my mind.
Mr. CONGER. The object is to prevent
the circulation among the people of the United
States of all knowledge of the matters acted
upon in Congress, of all matters of legislation,
of discovery, of knowledge of geological sur-
veys, of agricultural knowledge, and the Patent
Office reports ordered to be made by the law
of the land and which ought to go to the
people. Now I call the attention of the House
to the fact that by your patent laws there is
enough charged to the patentee to have put
already into your Treasury over $2,000,000 for
the general use of the Government. Each
patentee pays into the Treasury thirty dollars
for his patent, which puts millions into the
Treasury.
I commend to the consideration of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Basks,] and
to all the friends of this measure, that the
shutting down the gates so that no more in-
formation may go to the people is unwise and
improper and unrepublican.
But I take his speech itself, which refutes
his own proposition. He says that the Patent
Office itself cannot procure full sets of its
reports, and that the Agricultural Depart-
ment is in the same position. Now, sir, the
reports of these Departments have been circu-
lated by hundreds and thousands of copies
throughout the country, and it seems that the
people cherish them so much that they will
not break up their sets even to make up a full
set for the Patent Office or the Agricultural
Department. The Patent Office cannot pro-
cure in this whole land a full set of its pub-
lications, because those who are fortunate
enough to have secured a full set will on no
account part with them.
Now I desire to say to this House, and as
my judgment to-day in this House, that when-
ever Congress shall determine that they will
limit the circulation of all knowledge of its
doings, of its laws, of its statistics, of its in-
ventions, and of all the matters that we print
information upon and send forth to the coun-
try—whenever Congress shall assume to limit
that distribution among the people, and what-
ever man in this House, whether he comes
from Massachusetts or the remote West, will
father the idea that we shall cut off and re-
strain by all possible means the circulalion of
all this information among the people, he is a
monarchist, he is au aristocrat, and he would
soon go further and have the Government of
his country conducted in a star chamber so
as to shut out from the eyes of the people all
knowledge of the doings of himself and of
his fellows here.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I should
desire, if any time was permitted to me, to
speak upon this question of publishing books.
But all day yesterday was spent in wrangles
over small appropriations by one or two indi-
viduals, so that time no longer remains to me.
Therefore I can only say upon this point that
I do not propose to take the distribution of
public documents from the hands of the Rep-
resentatives of the people and put it into the
hands of any officer of any Executive Depart-
ment. I believe if that is done it will eventu-
ate into a simple job, without any supervision
and wilhout any control.
Now, when we are told that there is not a
perfect set of agricultural reports, or the
Patent Office reports, in the Departments, to
that I answer that the agricultural reports and
Patent Office reports were for many years
issued from the same bureau, and they were
burned in the fire which destroyed many of the
records of the Patent Office. That answers
the whole argument on that point.
But my present purpose is to deal with the
new-fangled notion of men whom the people
have left out of Congress ; that is, this civil ser-
vice reform. The gentleman from Mississippi
jl [Mr. McKee] has told you how this civil service
JI examination operates. It has put one hundred
|: and eleven employes and under-clerks andoffi-
,! cers into one Department of this Government,
lithe Treasury Department, from this Distiici.
'i And the same civil service requires that they
jl shall go up, up, up, and there can be no pro-
ij motion except upon competitive examination
|j among these people. And who are these men
' who have thus been examined? They are men
generally who have heretofore been discharged
from the Departments as clerks, who have got
their knowledge of the duties of their olficea
in those Departments, but have been found
unfit to serve, who go back into the Depart-
ments under this rule, against the wish of the
head of the Department, and .take the places
of honorably discharged soldiers who fought
to preserve the Government while these civil
service clerks were either lazily starving, or
were rebels in heart, if not in deed.
Now, sir, I call attention for one moment to
the questions which are used to determine the
qualifications of these candidates. I hold in
my hand, and I am sure every gentleman can
get it, Executive Document No. 165, which
gives the questions asked at these examina-
tions. Now, those questions are either catches,
or they betray the ignorance of the men who
framed them : "Question third. Correct the
orthography of the following words." And
then the word "traveler" is given. Now,
how do you spell "traveler?"
Mr. WILLARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
_ Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If I have
time.
Mr. WILLARD, How does the gentleman
know that the spelling is not correct as there
given ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Pardon
me ; if it is spelled correctly as there given,
then it is a mere catch, an orthographical
conundrum. [Laughter.] Now, I know it is
spelled by Worcester with two Is; by Web-
ster with one. Try again. " Wagon." Why
I would just as soon think of putting two tails
on a dog as toputtwog'S in " wagon." [Great,
langhter.] Webster spells wagon with one g;
Worcester, I believe, spells it with two gs.
Now, upon such questions, which are either
catches or a following of the first system of
spelling, is determined the fitness of candi-
dates under this system of civil service reform.
Again: I do not pretend to be much of a
grammarian. But I find the second question
to be: " Correct the grammatical errors in
the following sentence '• ' He is a scholar and
a gentleman.' " Now, I do not know how j
should correct that unless I said, " He are a
scholar and a gentleman." [Renewed laugh-
ter.]
Now, such questions as these are put to the
lady employes in the quartermaster's depart-
ment. There is something too much of all
this. There is a broader and a wider field
that I wish to refer to for a moment in the lit-
tle time left me to occupy, and that is this:
you are concentrating all the powers of your
Government (and how great they are you
know) in this immediate neighborhood. A
man or a woman residing in my district
must pay one hundred or one hundred and
fifty dollars expenses to come down here and
be examiued ; and if he or she passes as
against others it is only the drawing of a prize
in a lottery, in which the successful applicant
has paid one hundred or one hundred and fifty
dollars to stand one chance in three of being
appointed, if the proceeding is a fair one, and
if it is unfair, one chance in a thousand against
some aunt or uncle, some cousin or niece of
the examining board. [Laughter.]
Now let me give you an instance how civil
service reform operates in another direction.
The keeper of one of the light-houses in my
district drank too much liquor. The light was
a very important one; and there was a steam
whistle there that required an engineer to
manage it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Many Members. Go on.
Mr. DAWES. I yield my five minutes to
my colleague.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is not recognized.
Mr. DAWES. 1 thought the Speaker rec-
ognized me ; I tried to get the floor.
Many Members, (to Mr. Butler, of Mas-
sachusetts.) Go on.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to suspend the rules to allow me to proceed.
