668
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
create a joint committee to continue after the
term for which the Congress is elected. I
simply submit it to the Senator tVom Indiana.
Mr. MORTON. One word, Mr. President.
The Senate is regarded as a perpetual body,
and although our committees expire with the
session, yet it is in the power of the Senate
as a matter of common practice to extend the
existence of a committee during vacation and
authorize it to act.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is this a joint com-
mittee?
Mr. MORTON. No, sir, a committee of
the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then there can be no
objection to it. I thought it was a joint com-
mittee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Can the Senate contiuue
its committees beyond the Congress?
Mr. SHERMAN. That has been done, I
will say to the Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not aware that
it had ever been done.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was done in one case,
I know. The Committee ou Finance was
authorized to examine a bill during a recess
and sit during a recess.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The difficulty, as it
strikes me, is this—if the practice has been
the other way, perhaps it may have been con-
sidered heretofore—but the Senator will see
that if a committee is now appointed, a differ-
ent Presiding Officer will preside over this
body after the 4:h of March; a new set of
members will be here; and the persons ap-
pointed upon a committee now may then be
out of Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the Committee on
Privileges and Elections continues, although
the members change.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on
Privileges and Elections does not continue.
We know that we are to have such a committee,
but the persons composing that committee now
cannot be continued, it seems to me.
Mr. SHERMAN. But at the called session
after the 4th of March the Committee on Priv-
ileges and Elections will as a matter of course
be continued, although it may not be composed
of the same persons. The ommittee will still
exist, although the members may be different.
Mr. TRUMBLLL. Was it ever known, I
submit to the Senator from Ohio, that you
referred measures to a committee before you
had any persons upon the committee? The
committee, you may say, are provided for per-
manently ; but the Senator from Ohio knows
that the practice in this body is, when we
meet at the commencement of a session and
a bill is introduced, to lay it oti the table until
the committee is actually formed. We do not
refer a bill to the Committee on Finai!"? until
we have made a Committee on Finance,
although it is provided that there shall be a
Committee on Finance. Until it is organized
we make no references to it. We continue
committees over from one session of Congress
to another, but I did not know that we had
ever undertaken to continue our committees
or the business before committees from one
Congress to another. I do not see how it
could well be done. However, I only make
the suggestion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no desire to dis- i
cuss the question, because I do not know of
any similar case except the precedent I spoke
of; but it is not material. Let the resolution
be referred to Committee on Privileges
and E! ■: io .s, aiid then if necessary it can be
arranged when we meet after the 4th of March
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Mob-
rill, of Vermont, in the chair.) Does the
Senator from Ohio make that motion?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir, with the con-
sent of the Senator from Indiana.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. CONKLING. As I understand it, the
motion is to refer the resolution itself to the
Committee on Privileges and Elections?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. BOREMAN. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it be to meet on Mon-
day next.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives. by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills :
A bill (S. No. 850) providing for the pay-
ment to loyal citizens of Loudoun county,
Virginia, therein named, for their property
taken by the military authorities of the United
Stftt6S *
A bill (S. No. 1021) for the relief of A. W.
Moss; and
A bill (S. No. 1161) for the relief of Harriet
W. Pond.
The message further announced that the
House bad passed the bill (S. No. 1112) for
the relief of Captain Lyman I. Hissong, of
Henry county, Ohio, with an amendment in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 1242) for the relief of
Madame Ivens, of Santa F6, New Mexico;
A bill (H. R. No. 1559) for the relief of
William G. Barnaud, late a clerk in the cus-
tom-house in the city of New York ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1963) for the relief of
B. F. Speedy, late first lieutenant second bat-
talion six months' Pennsylvania volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 3512) for the relief of
John Paine;
A bill (EL R. No. 3513) for the relief of
Dr. W. J. C. Duhamel;
A bill (H. R. No. 3514) for the relief of
William Schilling & Co., of Baltimore, Mary-
land ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3515) for the relief of j
George S. Wright, administrator of John T. |
Wright, deceased ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3516) for the relief of
Jesse E. Peyton. |
mint laws. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Calen-
dar, under the Anthony rule, is now in order. .
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise for the purpose of
moving that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of the Mint bill. I will state that 1
this bill will not probably consume any more
time than the time consumed in reading it.
It passed the Senate two years ago after full
debate. It was taken up again in the House
during the present Congress, and passed there.
It is a matter of vital interest to the Govern-
ment, and I am informed by officers of the
Government it is important it should pass
promptly. The amendments reported by the
Committee on Finance present the points of
difference between the two Houses, and they
can go to a committee of conference without
having a controversy here in the Senate about
them.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Calendar will
be laid aside informally, not postponed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be passed over
informally until we finish the reading of the
Mint bill and dispose of it. The reading is
about half through, I am informed by the
Secifcuuiy.
Mr. CRAGIN. I shall not oppose this
motion, but I wish to give notice that as soon
as the Mint bill is disposed of that I shall move
to call up the bill (H. R. No. 3010) for the
construction of six steam vessels of war, and
for other purposes, which was reported from
the Committee on Naval Affairs. I hope that
bill will be left as the unfinished business this
evening.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is informed that it is proposed that the Calen-
dar be informally passed over.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing
that that should be done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
regarded as the sense of the Senate if there is
no objection, and the bill referred to by the
Senator from Ohio is now before the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2934) revising and amending the laws
relative to the mints, assay offices, and coinage
of the United States.
The Chief Clerk resumed and concluded the
reading of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Com-
mittee on Finance report the bill, with amend-
ments, which will now be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I send to the clerk some
amendments of a formal character from the
Committee on Finance, adopted since the
amendments first reported were printed. I
will ask that they be acted upon with the others
in their order.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Finance was on page 4, section five, line three,
after the word "coins," to insert "or sample
of bullion;" so that the clause will read:
That the assayer shall assay all metals and bul-
lion, whenever such assays are required in the
operations of the Mint; he shall also make assays
of coins or samples of bullion whenever required by
the Superintendent.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 5, section
eight, line two, to strike out the word "word-
ing," before the word "dies," and insert the
word "working."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 6, section
nine, line one, before the word " office," at the
end of the line, to insert the word "assay."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 9, section
fourteen, to strike out the following words:
And any gold coin of the United States, if reduced
in weight by abrasion not more than one half of one
per cent, on the double eagle and eagle, and one per
cent, on the other coins, below the standard weight
prescribed by law, shall be received at their nominal
value by the United States Treasury and its offices,
under such regulations as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may prescribe for the protection of the Govern-
ment against fraudulent abrasion or other practiccs :
and any gold coins in the Treasury of the United
States reduced in weight below this limit of abrasion
shall be recoined.
Mr. COLE. I hope that amendment will
not be agreed to. I think it is a very wise pro-
vision in the bill as it came from the House, and
it ought to be allowed to remain. It merely
provides that coins, when a little abraded by
natural use and wear, shall be received at the
Treasury of the United States, and the con-
cluding portion of the clause proposed to be
Stricken out provides:
And any gold coins in the Treasury of t,he United
States reduced in weight below this limit of abrasion
shall be recoined.
It is certainly the duty of the Government
to provide the coins of the country and at its
own expense, and this section seems to be
well guarded. The language is:
Under such regulations as the Scoretary of the
Treasury may prescribe for the protection of the
Government against fraudulent abrasion or other
practices.
It strikes me that this clause ought not to
be stricken out. I remember at the last ses-
sion of Congress we passed a law which con-
templated the restoration of these coins. I
will read it. It was passed at the earnest
application of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and I believe at the unanimous suggestion of
the Committee on Finance of this body it was
incorporated in an appropriation bill. It is
as follows:
"For loss and expenses involved in therecoinago
