1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
358
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Chap. CCCLX.—An Act for the Relief of
Jennie B. Savage.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Jennie E. Savage,
a minor child of William E. Savage, who was
a contract surgeon in the United States Army,
on the pension list, and to pay to her legally
authorized guardian the pension due her said
father's rank as surgeon, from the sixteenth
day of February, anno Domini eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-one, until she arrives at the
age of sixteen years, nnless she should die
before that date.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCLXI.—An Act for the Relief of
Amherst H. Wilder.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be authorized and directed to pay to
Amherst H. Wilder, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, three
thousand five hundred and sixteen dollars and
twenty-one cents, found due him by the Court
of Claims and Supreme Court, but which he
was prevented from collecting by the failure
of the War Department to finally act upon the
same until more than six years after the claim
accrued.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCLXII.—An Act for the Relief of
George F. Tracy, postmaster at Bridgeport,
Connecticut.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury be authorized, in
adjusting the accounts, of George F. Tracy
postmaster at Bridgeport, Connecticut, to allow
and credit him the sum of two thousand and
eighty-five dollars, stolen from the post office
at Bridgeport, Connecticut, on the first day of
December, eighteen hundred and seventy-one,
without any fault or negligence on the part of
the said George F. Tracy.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCLXIIL—An Act for the Relief of
Henry H. Stafford, late Receiver of Public
Moneys at Marquette, Michigan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior, and the Secretary of the Treasury,
and the proper accounting officers in their
Departments, in settling the accounts of Henry
H. Stafford, late receiver of public moneys for
the district of lands subject to sale at Mar-
quette, Michigan, shall allow and credit to the
said Henry H. Stafford, the sum of one thou-
sand eight hundred and sixty-seven dollars and
thirteen cents, which sum had been received in
payment for Government lands, and deposited
in the Government safe in the Marquette land
office by Henry H. Stafford, then receiver, and
which sum was destroyed by fire in the burn-
ing of said land office and Government safe, on
the night of the eleventh of June, anno Dom-
ini, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCLX1V.—An Act for the Relief of
Joseph Dawson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay, out of any moneys m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to Joseph
Dawson, of Virginia, the sum of one thousand
three hundred and twelve dollars and fifty cents,
which shall be in full for all claims against the
Government growing out of expenses incurred
on account of a gunshot wound received while
in discharge of his official duties as assistant
assessor of internal revenue, in Tazewell county,
Virginia, on the eighteenth day of May, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-seven.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCLXV.—An Act for the Relief of
William Johnson, of Ripley county, Indiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to pay
to William Johnson, of Ripley county, Indiana,
out of any money in the Treasury, not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of one hundred and
thirty dollars, for one horse belonging to him,
and which was, on the fourteenth day of July,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, taken by the
military forces under General Hobson, and
applied to the service of the United States.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCLXVI.—An Act for the Relief of
Joseph L. Hey wood, and others.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury be, and they are
hereby authorized to adjust and settle, at a
reasonable sum and on satisfactory proof, the
suspended or disallowed items in the account
of Joseph L. Hey wood, late marshal of the
Territory of Utah, for compensation of guards,
and provisions and supplies for same, escort-
ing the judges to court and guarding court-
house ; for compensation and supplies for aids
and guards employed to assist in the execution
of process, and in guarding prisoners after
arrest; for payment qf rent of court-room; for
marshal's personal expenses - incurred while
serving process; and for a reasonable/ allow-
ance for guarding and hoarding prisoners in
the penitentiary; the amount allowed not to
exceed twenty thousand dollars, and to be paid
from any unexpended balance of appropriations
for expenses of United States courts prior to
July first, eighteen hundred and seventy-one,
and to be distributed and paid pro rata among
the holders of the drafts and certificates drawn
by said Heywood and now in the Treasury
Department.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCLXVIL—An Act for the Relief of
Peter J. Burchell.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be paid to
Peter J. Burchell, of Kane county, Illinois,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of three hundred
and eighteen dollars and five cents for the
occupation of and damage to his_ house and
premises by United States recruiting officers,
in the years eighteen hundred and sixty-three
and eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Approved, March 8, 1873.
Chap. CCCLXVIII.— An Act to confirm to
William Marvin the Title to seven thousand
acres of Land in the State of Florida.
Whereas, under the act of Congress, ap-
proved June twenty-second, eighteen hundred
and sixty, entitled "An act _ for the final ad-
justment of private land claims in the btates
of Florida, Louisiana, and Missouri, and for
other purposes," and extended by an act ol
Congress, approved March second, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven entitled "An act to
extend the provisions of an act entitled 'An
act for the final adjustment of private land
claims in the States of Florida, Louisiana,
and Missouri, and for Other purposes,' " the
register and the receiver at the land office at
Tallahassee, Florida, acting as commissioners
under the acts aforesaid have reported to
the Commissioner of the General Land Office^
that there ought to be confirmed to William"
Marvin, who holds under Bernardo Segui,
under class two, under the third section of the
act first aforesaid, a tract of land containing
seven thousand acres, in the State of Florida,
on the east side of the Saint John's river,
between the place called Dunn's Lake and
that known as Horse Landing, including in
said tract of land the place called Buffaloe
Bluff, and includes parts of sections twenty-
eight, thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-five,
thirty-six, and thirty-nine, in township ten
south, of range twenty-six east; and sections
and parts of sections one, two, three, eleven,
twelve, and thirty-nine, in township eleven
south, of range twenty-six east; and parts of
sections five, six, seven, eight, and forty, in
township eleven south, of range twenty-seven
east; which claim is based upon a grant or
concession by the Spanish Government to
Bernardo Segui, before the twenty-fourth of
January, eighteen hundred and eighteen ; and
whereas the Commissioner of the General
Land Office has approved the report of the
said commissioners, and has reported the
same to Congress for its action, and recom-
mended the confirmation of the title to the
said seven thousand acres of land to the said
William Marvin, as the legal representative of
Bernardo Segui: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep ■
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the said seven thou-
sand acres of land in the State of Florida, on
the Saint John's river, and as further described
above, be, and the same are hereby, confirmed
to the said William Marvin ; and that all the
right, title, and interest of the United States
in and to the same be, and the same are
hereby, granted and confirmed uuto the said
William Marvin: Provided, however, That
this act shall not affect any adverse right or
title to the said lands or any part thereof, and
shall not create any liability on the part of the
United States.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCLXIX.—An Act for the Relief of
Mrs. Mary A. P. Brown, widow of John P.
Brown, late Secretary to the United Stales
Legation at the Ottoman Porte.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to pay
to Mrs. Mary A. P. Brown, widow of John 1.
Brown, late secretary to the United States
legation at the Ottoman Porte, the sum of tea
thousand dollars out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCLXX.—An Act for the Relief of
Elizabeth Zluhan.
Whereas, Jonathan Zluhan, late a private in
the ninety-third regiment of Pennsylvania vol-
unteers, in his lifetime, established his right,
under act of June seventeenth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, to an artificial arm, by reason
of the loss of the left arm in the service of the
United States, and, under the provisions of
section two of said act, elected, instead, tho
commutation in money, provided in said sec-
tion ; and whereas the acting Commission.-!- of
