336
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 3,
42d Cong....3b Sbss.
Xoww of the United Stales.
Pensions, on the eighth day of May, ^ighteern
hundred and seventy-one, directed the penman
agent at Philadelphia to pay saicj commutation
to said Zluhan; and whereas said Zluhan w%<s
accidentally drowned on the sixteenth day of
May, eighteen hundred and seventy-one, and
before said commutation order was received ;
and whereas said order has never been paid.,
and the officers of the Government refuse to
pay the same : Now, therefore,
- Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner
of Pensions be, and he is hereby, authorized
and directed to pay, or cause to be paid, to
Elizabeth Zluhan, widow of said Jonathan
Zluhan, the sum of fifty dollars, commutation
money, as aforesaid, to which said Zluhan was
entitled in his lifetime.
Approved, March 3,1873.
Chap. CCCLXXI.—An Act for the Belief of
Orville J. Jennings.
Be it enacted by the Striate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Orville J. Jennings, of Ful-
ton, New York, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of eight thousand one hundred and thirty-two
dollars and ninety-five cents, in full for work
performed in removing what was known as
the " debris of the old outer breakwater,1' in
the harbor of Dunkirk, New York, under a
contract with Captain P. Harwood, of the
engineer corps, United States Army, dated
the thirtieth day of December, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-eight.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCLXXII.—An Act for the Reli,ef .of
P. W. Pee, late Lieuteuaut of the first Ken-
tucky Infantry Volunteers.
Be it enacted byJhAjSexiMs. awLHsnm of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That t.he proper account-
ing officers of the Government be, and they
are hereby, authorized to credit lieutenant P.
\V. Pee, late regimental quartermaster of the
first Kentucky infantry volunteers, w.ith the
amount of certain vouchers made to him in
return for the disbursement or other use of
Government funds and stores by him while
serving, during the late war of the rebellion,
as regimental, or acting brigade, division, or
post quartermaster, or as regimental, or act-
ing brigade, division, or post commissary of
subsistence, which were burned or otherwise
destroyed by the rebel forces at MeMinnviHe,
Tennessee, on or about the second day of Oc-
tober, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, in such measure as such credit or
relief shall appear to such accounting officers,
upon examination, to be justified.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCLXXIII.—An Act for the Relief
ofB. P. Speedy, late First Lieutenant Second
Battalion six months' Pennsylvania Volun-
teers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Paymaster Gen-
eral be, and he is hereby, authorized and_ re-
quired to pay to B. F. Speedy, late first lieu-
tenant of company G, second battalion six
months' Pennsylvania volunteers, the pay of
a first lieutenant of infaniry from the ninth
day of July, anno Domini eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, to the twenty first day of
January, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
sixty-four.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
c.H4P. Q.CC^XXIV.—An Act fpr the Belief
of P. W. fjjandef&r.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officer of the.XIoited.States be authorized
und directed to audit and alio.w the claim of
P. W. Standefer, for services rendered as a
telegraph operator bs direction of the mili-
tary authorities of the United States in the
war of the rebellion, for a period not exceed-
ing six months, at the rale of one hundred dol-
lars pgr gaopth, and tjiat the paiij ojit
of any 'njon.ey in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated: Provided, That it shall he satis-
factorily proved that su-eh geryices were actu-
ally rendered.
Approved, March 3, 1878.
Chap. CCCLXXV.—Ap Afit for the Relief of
J, W. BoHjday.
Beitemeted by the Senate and HouseofRep-
resemUtMm of the UnitedStates of America in
CJongress msqmtiled, That the Paymaster Gen-
eral of 4be A-nuy he, and he,is hereby, directed
to pay to J. W. Iloliiday, Jat,e of company B,
eighth regiment of lowavolwiteer cavalry, the
pay and allowances-of a second lieutenant of
cavalry,-from .the t^entj aeoojid day of Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred-and sijety fiye, to the
datje .of his tpuster Qut p/ the service, deduct-
ing whatever pay h? received as an enlisted
man during such period, scnj3 that such pay-
ment shall be made out of any money appro-
priated for pay of the Army.
Approved, March 3, 187S.
Chap. CCCLXXVI.—An Act for the Relief
of William E. Ward.
Be it enacted byihe Senate andHouseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner of
Patents be, and he is hereby.,- authorized to
grant a rehearing of theapplication of William
E. Ward for the extension of letters-patent
granted to'him on the seventh day of October,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, " for improve-
ment in machinery for making nuts,'' and he
is hereby authorized to revive and extend the
said letters-patent for the further term of seven
years from and after the seventh day of Octo-
ber, eighteen hundred and seventy, notwiih-
standing the original term for which letters-
patent were granted had expired, and the said
patentee had patented the said invention in
foreign countries, and such foreign patents
had expired before th£ seventh day of Octo-
ber, eighteen hundred and seventy, if in his
judgment the said patentee was the original
inventor of, the invention 4escujbti.d in the said
letters-patent, ?,nd the patentee has failed,
without neglect or fault.cn hisjkact, .to obtain
from the use audible of -the s,a$3 invention a
reasonable remuneration for the time, in-
genuity, labor, and expenses bestowed upon
the same, and the introduction thereof into
use: Provided, That any such extension of said
patent shall not atFect the right to continue to
use said patented improvement of any person
who, since the seventh day of October, anno
Domini, one .thousand eight hundred and sev-
enty, and prior to the approval .of this act,
may have procured, and at the time of such
approval shall be using, said patented improve-
ment.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCLXXVII.—An Act for the Relief of
John L. Builard.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
CongressassemVtefl, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury, in settling and
adjusting the accounts of John L. Builard,
late captain and commissary of subsistence of
United States volunteers, be, and are hereby,
authorized and directed to credit said John
If. Builard, late captain and commissary of
subsistence of United States volunteers, ujifh
the sum of nine thousand six hundred, and
ninety dollars and fifty cents, being t}ie
amount of Governments funds which was dis-
bursed by him, without his default, on forged
certificates for commutations of rations of
prisoners. .
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCLXXVIII.—An Act for the Relief
of William Bayne, Trustee, &o.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he hereby is, directed to pay
to W iljiam Bayne, trustee for the children of
George Bayne, deceased, out Of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
the sum of two thousand five hundred and
fifty dollars ; which sum when accepted shall
be in full satisfaction for the rent and damage
to the store-house of claimant trustee 'as
aforesaid.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCLXXIX.—An Act for the Relief
of Anna E. Peale.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary (jf the
Treasux-y is hereby authorized to pay, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap
propriated, to Anna E. Peale, only child of
Franklin Peale, late of the city of Phila-
delphia, the sum of ten thousand dollars, it)
full for the services rendered by him to thtj
Government of the United States, from.-{he
discoveries, inventions, and improvements, in
the machinery and process, for. refining and
coining the precious metals, introduced and
perfected by him, and now used in the Uni-
ted States Mint, and its several branches.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCLXXX.—An Act for the Relief of
Aaron B. Fryrear.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep -
resentatives of the United States of Ameriea in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Aaron B. Fryrear, of Ash-
laud, Illinois, out of any money in the Treas-
ury now appropriated or that may hereafter
be appropriated for the support of the Army,
the sum of five hundred dollars iti full gay-
meat of all moneys due him for services ren-
dered in the secret service of the United States,
between the first day of November, anno
Domini, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and
the first day of April, auno Domini eighteen
hundred and. sixty-three, under orders of
Major-General Curtis.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCLXXXI.—An Act for Relief of
Josiah Morris and J. F. Johnson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Amerieain
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to make the proper
payment to carry into effect the decree of the
district court of the United States for the mid-
dle district of Alabama, bearing date June
eighth, eighteen hundred and seventy, in ihe
case of (Josiah Morris atid J. F. Johnson,
