18t3.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
341
the United States be, and the same are hereby,
removed.
Approved, March 3,1873.
Chap. CDXLV.—An Act to Remove Disabili-
ties imposed by the Fourteenth Amendment
of the Constitution of the United States
from Robert M. T. Hunter of Virginia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, (two thirds of each House
concurring therein,) That all disabilities im-
posed by the third section of the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States be, and the same are hereby, removed
from Robert M. T. Hunter, of Virginia.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CDXLVI.—An Act to Remove the Dis-
abilities of Shelton F. Leake, of Albemarle
county, Virginia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of ike United States of America in
Congress assembled, (two thirds of each House
concurring,) That all political disabilities im-
posed by the third section of the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution of
the United States be, and they are hereby re-
moved from Shelton F. Leake, of Albemarle
county, in the State of Virginia.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CDXLVII.—An Act to Remove the
Political Disabilities of Daniel C. Dejarnette,
of Virginia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, (two thirds of each House
concurring therein,) That all political disabilites
imposed by the third section of the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States be, and the same are hereby, removed
from Daniel C. Dejarnette, and J. M. L, Curry,
of Virginia.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CDXLVIII.—An Act for the Relief
of the Heirs of the late Thomas Lawson,
deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be and is
hereby appropriated to the heirs-at-law of
Thomas Lawson, deceased, out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated the
sum of four thousand six hundred dollars being
the balance of rent due to said heirs from the
United States, under a lease made in the mouth
of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-one—
for the use and occupation of house numbered
two hundred and twenty-three, and lots num-
bered seven, eight, nine, ten, thirteen, four-
teen, fifteen and part of lot numbered eleven
in square numbered one hundred aud sixty-
nine, in the city of Washington, District of
Columbia belonging to said heirs.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CDXLIX.—An Act to authorize the
Secretary of the Interior to settle the Claims
of Messrs. Durfee and Peck and E. H. Dur-
fee for Supplies furnished the Indians in
Montana in the winter of eighteen hundred
and sixty-nine.
" Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Amei ica in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to settle, upon such terms as he shall
think just and proper, all claims of Messrs.
Durfee and Peck and E. II. Durfee, late In-
dian agents, lor supplies furnished the Crowds, j.
Laivs of the United States.
42d CoNG....3i> Sess,
Gros Ventres, Assinaboines, and other Indians
of Montana Territory, in the winter of eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-nine upon the recom-
mendation of the Honorable James Tufts act-
ing Governor of said Territory, and ex-officio
superintendent of Indian affairs: Provided,
That he shall be satisfied as to the quantity of
supplies so furnished, and the amount shall
not exceed thirteen thousand four hundred
and forty dollars and seventy-three cents,
which sum shall be in full of all claims against
the Government.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CDL.—An Act for the Relief of John
L. Pendery. surviving Partner of Pendery
and Gamble, Attorneys.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of five hun-
dred dollars be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to pay to John
L. Pendery, surviving partner of Pendery and
Gamble, for legal services rendered in pro-
ceedings in the United States circuit court
against trespassers on the Delaware Indian
lands in Kansas: Provided, That this amount
shall be in full satisfaction for said indebted-
ness.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CDLI.—An Act for the Relief of Mi-
nerva Lewis, as Administratrix of the Estate
of Ezekiel Lewis, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
required to pay to Minerva Lewis, as adminis-
tratrix of the estate of Ezekiel Lewis, deceased,
the sum of five thousand dollars, in full com-
pensation for the use by the United States of
the steamer Admiral, belonging to the deceased,
captured by the rebel authorities, and recap-
tured by the gunboat ilatjlla, at the fall of
Island Number Ten, and turned-over JUyjjie
fleet to the land forces for use as a transport,
and lost while in the service of the United
States as such transport.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CDLII.—An Act for the Relief of
Francis A. Gibbons.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to pay
to Francis A. Gibbons the sum of twenty
thousand dollars, in full satisfaction and dis-
charge of his claim for additional compensa-
tion for the construction of a building for the
use of the Agricultural Department; and the
said sum is hereby appropriated, to be paid out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CDLIIL-—An Actforthe ReliefofLouisa
Jenkins, widow of Henry Jenkins, deceased.
Beitenactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the letters-patent
granted to Henry Jenkins, a citizen of the
United States, dated the thirteenth day of Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred aud fifty-two, and ex-
tended by the Commissioner of Patents, for
seven years from the thirteenth day of Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, for an
improved method of uniting wrought and
cast iron, be, and the same are hereby, ex-
tended, for the term of seven years, from and
after the passage of this act; aud the Commis-
sioner of Patents is hereby directed, upon the
presentation of said letters-patent, or a certi-
fied copy thereof, to make a certificate upon
such patent, or certified copy thereof, of such
extension (the lawful fees being first paid there-
for,) in the name of Louisa Jenkins, widow of
the said Henry Jenkins; and the Commissioner
of Patents is hereby directed to cause the same
to be entered of record in the Patent-Office ;
and the letters-patent so renewed and extended
shall have the same effect iu law as if originally:
granted to terms extending to tho end of the
term to which they are extended by this act:
Provided, however, That no person, firm, or
corporation shall be liable for any damage or
royalty for having made, vended, or used said
invention since the expiration of the patent,
and prior to the passage of this act.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CDLIV.-
-An Actfor the Reliefof Joseph
Lao man.
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be paid to
Joseph Lanman, rear admiral in the United
States Navy, the difference between tliepay o-f
a commodore and that of a rear-admiral of the
United States Navy, from December seventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, to April
fourteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CDLV.—An Act for the Relief of B. II.
Randall.
Beit enactedby the Senate aud Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, aud he is hereby, directed to pay
to B. H. Randall, out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of three hundred dollars, in full payment of
his expenses from Saint Paul to Washington,
in the year eighteen hundred and sixty-five,
and returning) when arrested by the military
authorities, and so forth.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CDLVL—An Act confirming tho Title
of Louis Grignon to a certaiu Tract of Land
at Green Bay, Wisconsin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentativesvj'the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That tne claim of Louis
Grignon, to a certain tract of land at Green
Bay, Wisconsin, situated in township twenty-
four north, of range twenty oast of the fourth
principal meridian, lying on the west bank of
Fox river, between the claim of Alexis Gard-
apier, as confirmed and finally surveyed, and
the claim of said Louis Grignon, as surveyed
and patented, (said tract having been excluded
from the final survey of the said claim of Louis
Grignon because within the former Fort How-
ard military reservation,) be, and the same is
hereby, confirmed, and the Commissioner of
the General Land Office is hereby authorized
to cause the said tract of land to be surveyed
at the expense of the parties in interest, and
to issue a patent therefor in favor of the said
Louis Griguon, subject to such legal transfers
or assignments as may have been made by him
or by his heirs or assigns according to the pro-
visions of the fifth section of the act of Congress
approved February twenty-first, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-three, entitled ''An act to
revive and continue in force certain acts for
the adjustment of land claims in the Territory
of Michigan," such survey and patent to be
held as a relinquishment on the part of the
United States, and as in no way impairing any
valid adverse rights, if such exist.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
