342
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. CDLVII.—An Act to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to settle the Account
of Henry Warren, late Depositary at Oregon
City, Oregon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and hereby is, directed to credit
Henry Warren, late United States depositary
at Oregon City,.Oregon, with two thousand
dollars, in settlement of his account for money
paid Horace C. Gilsen, secretary of Idaho
Territory, on the twenty-eighth of February,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, and that the
said sum be charged against said Gilsen.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CDLVIIL—An Act for the Relief of
Thomas Hollis, of Morgan county, Georgia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be paid to
Thomas Hollis, of Morgan county, Georgia,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of two hundred
and twenty-four dollars and fourteen cents, due
him for carrying the mails of the United States
in the year eighteen hundred and sixty-one,
according to the records of the Post Office
Department.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CDLIX.—An Act for the Relief of Mrs.
F. Selina Buchanan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of A.merica in
Congress assembled, That the sum of live thou-
sand two hundred and seventy-seven dollars
and forty-six cents, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, be paid
Mrs. F. Selina Buchanan, widow of the late
MeKean Buchanan, paymaster in the Navy, in
full satisfaction of any claim of the estate of
her said husband, arising out of damages sus-
tained in consp<iaga,c^,gf%3^^bitrary order of
the late Commander 'OlaxEon" recfiicing the
emoluments accruing to said Buchanan during
the cruise of the frigate Constitution in eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-nine, eighteen hundred
and forty, and eighteen hundred and forty-one,
of which he was purser, below the amount to
which he was entitled by law and the usage
and custom of the service.
Appboved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CDLX.—An Act An Act for the Relief
of George R. Wilson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to George R. Wilson, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, the sum of twenty thousand dol-
lars as payment in full for his patent in the
construction of iron, or metallic, broad side
carriages in the naval service the same to be
in full for past and future use of said patent
by the Government of the United States.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CDLXr.—An Act for the Relief of
Charity Lodge number one hundred and
eleven of Free and Accepted Masons of
Harper's Ferry West Virginia
Beitenactedby the Senate andHouseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of seven
hundred and sixty-seven dollars and thirty-
nine cents be and the same is hereby appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated to reimburse Charity
Lodge number one hundred and eleven of Free
and Accepted Masons of Harper's Ferry, West
Virginia, for expenses incurred by said lodge
in refitting their lodge-room which said expense
was made necessary by the occupation of the
same by the United States troops from the year
eighteen hundred and sixty-one to the year
eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CDLXII.—An Act granting a Pension
to Martha B. Orich, Mary J. Orich, and
John J. Orich, minor children of John C.
Orich, deceased.
Beit enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the names of Martha B. Orich, Mary J.
Orich, and John J. Orich, minor children of
John C. Orich, late a private in the first regi-
ment Missouri cavalry volunteers, the pensions
hereby granted to be paid to the guardian of
said minor children, and to commence at the
passage of this act.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CDLXIII.—An Act .to enable Richard
A. Stewart to make Application to the Com-
missioner of Patents for the Extension of
Letters-Patent for an Improvement in Clar-
ifying and Defecating Cane-Juice.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Richard A. Stewart,
of the parish of Saint Bernard, in the State of
Louisiana, have leave to make application to
the Commissioner of Patents for an extension
of the letters-patent granted to him for im-
provement in clarifying and defecating cane-
juice, under date of Jan uary -eighteen
hundred and fifty-nine, for the term of seven
years from and after the expiration of the
original term of fourteen years for which said
letters-patent are granted, such application to
be made in the same manner and to have the
sameeffectasif the same had been filed not less
than ninety days before the expiration of the
aforesaid original term of said patent. And
upon such application, so filed, the Commis-
sioner of Patents shall be authorized to con-
sider and determine the same in the same
manner, upon giving the same notice, and with
the same effect, as if the application had been
duly filed within the time prescribed by law, and
as if the original term of said patent had not
expired: Provided, That no person shall be
held liable for the infringement of said patent,
if extended, for making use of said invention
since the expiration of the original term of
said patent, and prior to the date of its exten-
sion.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CDLXIV.—An Act permitting Lieu-
tenant Theodore B. M. Mason of the Navy,
to accept a Decoration from the Emperor
of Brazil.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Lieutenant Theo-
dore B. M. Mason, of the Navy of the United
States, may accept a decoration of the Order
of the Rose, tendered to him by the Emperor
of Brazil as a testimonial of the courage and
humanity displayed by the said Lieutenant
Mason in saving the lives of two of his ship-
mates in the harbor of Rio de Janeiro in Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine.
Approved, March 8, 1873.
Chap. CDLXV.—An Act for the Relief of
Grace B. Peck.
Beitenactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That from the fourteenth
day of September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five to the nineteenth day of February, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-three, Grace B. Peek,
widow of Captain Elisha Peek, shall be allowed
the difference between the pay her late hus-
band received as commander and the pay of a
captain on the retired list of the United States
Navy, at that time.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CDLXVI.—An Act for the Relief of
Josiah George Jennings.
Whereas Josiah George Jennings made appli-
cation for a patent for an improvement in
water-closets, which application was after due
examination, allowed by the Commissioner of
patents, on the fourteenth day of September,
anno Domini eighteen hundred and seventy,
but became forfeited on the fourteenth day of
March, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
seventy-one, by reason of the non-payment of
the final fee of twenty dollars, and whereas it ap-
pears that the said fee was placed in the hands
of his agents in due season, but by neglect or
mistake was not paid into the Patent Office
within the time required by law: Now, there-
fore,
Beitenactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That Josiah George Jen-
nings have leave to make payment of the final
fee of twenty dollars in the matter of his appli-
cation for a parent for an .improvement in
water closets, which application was allowed
by the Commissioner of Patents on the four-
teenth day of September, anno Domini eigh-
teen hundred and seventy ; and that the Com-
missioner of Patents be authorized, upon the
payment of such fee of twenty dollars, to issue
the said patent in the same manner as if the
said fee had been paid on or before the four-
teenth day of March, anno Domini eighteen
hundred and seventy-one: Provided, That any
person who has commenced the manufacture
or use of said improvement since the expira-
tion of said time for payment of the final fee
shall be authorized to continue such manufac-
ture and use without liability for infringement,
as if this act had not been passed. And do per-
son shall be liable for an infringement of said
patent prior to the issue thereof herein author-
ized.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CDLXVII.—An Act granting a Pen-
sion to Ann E. Boyle, widow of Commo-
dore Junius J. Boyle.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the Navy pension-rolls the
name of Ann E. Boyle, widow of Commodore
Junius J. Boyle, late of the United States
Navy; to receive from and after the passage
of this act, the pay of lieutenant in the Navy,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CDLXVIII.—An Act granting a Pen-
sion to Elvira A. Maxey, and in respect to
her minor Children under sixteen years of
age.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Qongress assembled, That the Secretary of the
