
Let the foregoing instructions be put in immediate force. I must rely entirely on your energy and judgment for the proper administration of the affairs of the prisons, for however good your assistants may be, unless they are properly directed and controlled no satisfactory results can be anticipated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[FEBRUARY 29, 1864. - For report of prisoners of war and deserters received and disposed of, oaths administered to citizens, &amp;c., in the Department of the Cumberland during February, 1864, see Series I, Vol. XXXII, Part I, p. 13.]
HEADQUARTERS CAMP SUMTER,Andersonville, February 29, 1864.

[General J. J. WINDER:]

GENERAL: I shall not need the second baker at this post, as I have secured the services of one, and shall not need a butcher either, as we are to be far from the commissary department, nor will I need any commissary officer here, as all these arrangements have already been made through A. M. Allen, major and commissary of subsistence. I am seriously in need of a cook and more in need of the baking pans for oven, and do not know what I shall do without them. Please have them, the nails and padlocks for prison doors sent at once, and also window glass and platform scales. Our stockade is nearly completed and everything is now working well.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. WINDER,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, Va., March 1, 1864.

Honorable ROBERT OULD, Commissioner for Exchange:

SIR: S. P. Bailey, William Smith, Benjamin Bridges, James K. Skenker, A. J. Riddler, John W. Pugh, Granville J. Kelley, James A. Hunter, E. J. Smith, A. Nichols, Edward A. Freeman, Henry Shackleford, James Harrison, and George N. Davis, now paroled for exchange, in Richmond, may remain, although the time of their parole has expired, and you may furnish such equivalents for them as you may deem proper.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General and Commissioner for Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS FORT DELAWARE, March 1, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the smallpox has entirely disappeared from the island, and that the barracks, having been

