
have endeavored to obtain entrance and access to Fort Hamilton, which is held and garrisoned by armed troops of the United States, well armed and provisioned, and cannot be taken or an entrance effected without the aid of a large force of troops with artillery. I further return that I have been formally notified by the officer of the day in command of Fort Hamilton that they were prepared to resist any attack upon the fort or any attempt upon my part to arrest the body of Colonel Burke, within named, who is commandant of the fort. And I further return that the whole militia force of Kings County, except of the Seventieth Regiment, is now in the service of the United States in the State of Pennsylvania and out of the county of Kings; and that the said Seventieth Regiment, as I am informed by Colonel Cropsey, in command of the same, is now under marching orders and not subject to my control, and I have no force or arms within or under my control sufficient for the purpose of executing the within writ.

ANTHONY F. CAMPBELL,

Sheriff of Kings County.

It is rumored in connection with the above that the Seventieth Regiment has been ordered by the Federal authorities to proceed to Fort Hamilton to aid in resisting any further attempt at enforcing the legal process of the court. Governor Seymour will be called upon by the counsel in the case to vindicate the sovereignty of the State.

[Inclosure Numbers 2. -Extract from New York Herald.]

FORT LAFAYETTE-IS CIVIL OR MILITARY LAW TO PREVAIL?

Two years ago a writ of habeas corpus was issued by Judge Garrison, of Kings County, issued and directed to Colonel Martin Burke, commandant at Fort Lafayette, to bring up the bodies of the four Baltimore police commissioners confined at the fort.

The colonel refused to make return. An attachment was issued and put in the hands of the sheriff, which, not having been executed, an alias in now issued, which is as follows: *

This raises an important issue between the military and civil tribunals, and the public will await with the greatest anxiety to see which of the two will prevail.

Counsel for relator, Honorable Gideon J. Tucker, and Mr. J. C. Van Loon.

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 11, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK:

How many rebel prisoners captured within Maryland and Pennsylvania have reached Baltimore within this month of July?

A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States.

BALTIMORE, MD., July 11, 1863.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN, President:

Have received in this month of July at Fort McHenry 6,142 prisoners of war, captured in Maryland and Pennsylvania.

R. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, July 11, 1863.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States, Washington:

Add to the number of prisoners I reported in former telegram as captured in Pennsylvania and Maryland, and received in this month at

---------------

*See inclosure Numbers 1.

---------------

