
believe that you are aware of this sad condition, and feel assured that you will see them treated humanely and as brave men deserve. I desire, moreover, to inform you that the officers and men above referred to were acting under my orders and must be treated as prisoners of war. I learn that Lieutenant McCoy is charged with being a spy. It is false. When captured he was in command of a party of some fifteen men acting under written and proper instructions from me.

Very respectfully,

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 3, 1864.

Brigadier General W. W. ORME, Commanding Post, Chicago, Ill.:

GENERAL: By authority of the Secretary of War I inclose herewith a list of articles which may be sold to prisoners of war in confinement at Camp Douglas, by some suitable person to be appointed by yourself. It is not expected that a large sutler' store will be established, but merely a small room where supplies for a day or two may be kept on hand. None but the articles enumerated on the list can be sold, and every precaution must be taken to prevent abuse of the privilege, either by the person permitted to sell or the prisoners. No sale should be made before 8 o'clock in the morning or after half an hour before sunset. As prisoners are not permitted to have money in their possession, all sales should be made on orders on the commanding officer or officer in whose hands is deposited the money belonging to prisoners, and these orders should be paid as often as once a week, if practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

(Similar to Brigadier General G. Marston, commanding Depot Prisoners of War, Point Lookout, Md. ; Brigadier General H. D. Terry, commanding U. S. forces, Johnson's Island, Ohio; Brigadier General A. Schoepf, commanding Fort Delaware, Del. ; Lieutenant Colonel C. W. Marsh, acting provost-marshal-general, Department of the Missouri, Gratiot and Myrtle Streets Prisons, Saint Louis, Mo. ; Major Stephen Cabot, commanding Fort Warren, Boston Harbor, Mass. ; Colonel A. J. Johnson, commanding Depot Prisoners of War, Rock Island, Ill. ; Colonel W. P. Richardson, commanding Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio; Colonel A. A. Stevens, commanding Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind. ; Colonel William Weer, commanding military prison, Alton, Ill. ; Colonel P. A. Porter, commanding Fort McHenry, Baltimore, Md.)

[Inclosure.]

List of articles which sutlers may be permitted to sell to prisoners of war.

Respectfully submitted for the approval of the Secretary of War, and approved.

Tobacco, cigars, pipes, snuff, steel pens, paper, envelopes, lead pencils, pen knives, postage stamps, buttons, take, thread, sewing cotton, pins and needles, handkerchiefs, suspenders, socks, underclothes, caps, shoes, towels, looking glasses, brushes, combs, clothes brooms, pocket knives, scissors. Groceries: Crushed sugar, syrup, family soap, butter, lard, smoked beef, beef tongues, bologna sausage, corn-meal, nutmegs, pepper, mustard, table salt, salt fish, crackers, cheese, pickles, sauces,

