
admitted except by military authority, and a monthly return of these prisoners should be made as at prison stations.

If no such officer has yet been appointed I respectfully request you will appoint a provost-marshal to the prison, whose duty it shall be to have the military supervision of the prisoners and to make to this office all necessary reports.

Please order a return for February forwarded immediately. I inclose a form herewith.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C., March 4, 1864.

The OFFICE COMMANDING AT FORT WARREN:

SIR: The Navy Department has placed in my hands the accompanying letter* from W. A. Webb, commander, C. S. Navy, now at Fort Warren, bearing date the 26th ultimo, for such use as I may think proper, and I deem it proper before making any other use of it to refer it to yourself for such report as may either verify or refute such portions of the letter as refer to the treatment of the prisoners at Fort Warren.

I will thank you to return the letter with your remarks upon it,+ and inform Commander Webb that if he desires to communicate with the Richmond authorities by letter he will confine himself to the immediate business object he may have in view.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major General of Vols., Commissioner of Exchange of Prisoners.

RICHMOND, March 4, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: It has occurred to me that the papers just captured from the enemy are of such an extraordinary and diabolical character that some formal method should be adopted of giving them to the public than simply sending them to the press.

My own conviction is for an execution of the prisoners and a publication as justification. But in any event the publication should go forth with official sanction from the highest authority, calling the attention of our people and the civilized world to the fiendish and atrocious conduct of our enemies. ++

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

CAMP SUMTER, Andersonville, Ga., March 4, 1864.

Major A. M. ALLEN,

Commissary of Subsistence, Columbus, Ga.:

MAJOR: I will take great pleasure in working in harmony with yourself and Captain J. W. Armstrong, assistant commissary of subsistence,

---------------

*Not found.

+See Cabot to Hitchcock, March 7, p. 1024.

++For reports and correspondence relating to the "Dahlgren raid," and especially General Lee's communications on the subject, see Series I, Vol. XXXIII.

---------------

