
Fort McHenry, 653. More received at Fort Delaware by way of Philadelphia. Those in hospitals here are not included.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 11, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK:

The Surgeon-General reports that there are only 1,400 beds at Point Lookout, and Medical Inspector Volume that there are 8,000 to 10,000 wounded rebels at Gettysburg. The case has been referred to you, but if any wounded rebels have been sent in and there is a necessity for immediate action, please report by telegraph.

By order of the Secretary of War:

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,Baltimore, Md., July 11, 1863.

Brigadier-General CANBY, War Department, Washington:

Surgeon Simpson, medical director of this corps, is having convalescents brought from Point Lookout, so that we may have more room there, he says, for a greater number of rebel wounded than the Surgeon-General supposed. I beg leave to make two suggestions, one that it might be best to send the rebels as far as practicable to hospital north of this point, unless it is thought that Northern copperheads will sympathized with and pet them too much; the other that rebel officers have a bad influence on their men, many of the latter of whom are penitent when they are permitted to be, and they ought therefore to be separated both in prisons and hospitals.

R. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

[JULY 11, 1863. -For Cameron to Lincoln, protesting against the sending of General Trimble, a Confederate prisoner of war, to Baltimore, and assigning reasons therefor, see Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, p. 646.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 11, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore:

It is reported to this Department that Provost-Marshal-General Patrick has ordered the Confederate prisoner General Trimble to be forwarded to Baltimore and there paroled. That Trimble is a dangerous man, raised in Maryland, has resided in Baltimore, was engaged in destroying the bridges when the war broke out, and ought not to be permitted to go at large or be visited. If he comes to Baltimore you will see that he is not allowed to be paroled nor to hold communication with any one until he is exchanged.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

