
site. In making your report confer with Colonel Johnson that I may have the advantage of your joint views. Can the work stop where it is and afford accommodations enough for the ordinary wants of the depot with 10,000 prisoners present; and what will be the cost? What will be the cost when completed on the original plan?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CHICAGO, ILL., March 6, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I left Rock Island for this place on the evening of the 4th instant. Just before I left Surg. W. Watson, U. S. Volunteers, reported for duty, relieving Assistant-Surgeon Moxley as post surgeon. I repeated to him the instructions which I had previously given to Doctor Moxley. All was going well at the depot. The smallpox was diminishing in virulence. If this continues to be the case, as it certainly should, it will, I think, be perfectly safe to send more prisoners here in about ten days' time. The carpenters promise that the hospital shall be ready for occupation inform fourteen to twenty-four days, according to the rapidity with which lumber is furnished. The frame-work is already partially up. The work of removing the grave-yard has been commenced. I forwarded my report from Rock Island on the 1st instant. On arriving at this place I made inquiry as to the damage done at Camp Douglas by the fire on the 27th of February. I find that no part of the prison proper was injured, excepting that the old chapel building, now used for prison hospital purposes, was somewhat scorched. A row of old garrison barracks on the south line of the east square was the only property destroyed. This shows strongly the necessity of proper provision being made for the extinguishing of fire, which is not at present provided for. The new prisons hospital is rapidly approaching completion, and will probably be ready for occupation in about ten days. There is no smallpox at this depot. As the date of my last report was so recent and as there are no material changes to be made in it at present, I defer making a detailed report until my return visit. In view of the difficulty of reaching Nashville from Memphis, Tenn., it being necessary to go around via Cairo, I have somewhat changed my proposed route. I leave here to-night for Nashville, via Louisville, and thence to Memphis. I understand that smallpox is prevalent among the prisoners of war at Nashville. I shall inquire at the office of the provost-marshal at each point for communications from your office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. CLARK,

Surgeon and Acting Medical Inspector of Prisoners of War.

HDQRS. CAVALRY, HOLCOMBE LEGION, March 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General HUNTON:

GENERAL: I send up four negro soldiers captured by Lieutenant Hume on the advance of the enemy from Williamsburg. In a conversation with General Elzey's assistant adjutant-general some months since in the presence of General E., I think, it was suggested and sanctioned by General E. that the best disposition of such soldiers was

