
to sell them and give the proceeds to the command capturing them. If such a proceeding is admissible you will allow the guard with the prisoners to proceed with them to Richmond, as they are instructed what to do with them, or you can let the guard go with them to General E. in case you do not feel authorized to act in the matter. I have directed Lieutenant Hume not to report anymore such captures to me. I wrote you some days since that I had two men sentenced to hard labor on the public works, and asking you if you had any use for them at Chaffin's farm, or where I should send them. Please answer me on this subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. PINKNEY SHINGLER,

Colonel, &amp;c.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, Chaffin's Farm, March 6, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded with the prisoners to Major-General Elzey.

E. B. MONTAGUE,Colonel, Commanding.

STATE OF OHIO, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Columbus, March 7, 1864.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN, Columbus, Ohio:

SIR: The escape of Morgan was caused by a mixed control of the warden and the military power here. Since that time the warden, under the order of Governor Tod, has had the entire charge of the prisoners, having an allotment of four military guards on the walls, two by day and two by night. The prisoners are now confined in a separate wing of the prison from the convicts; have no intercourse with convicts or any one but the guards. Their meals are served to them in the same wing. No visitors or spectators of any kind are admitted to that part of the prison, and no intercourse is permitted with them by any person except the warden or his deputy. Rolls will be filled up at any time.

Very respectfully,

JNO BROUGH.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 7, 1864.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner of Exchange, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I have just received notice from Major General B. F. Butler, commissioner for exchange, of the exchange of Captain A. W. Metcalf, Fourteenth New York Cavalry, for Captain Stanley, of North Carolina. The exchange of Captain Metcalf for Captain Moody, of the rebel army, now in confinement at Camp Chase, authority for which, from the Secretary of War, was communicated to me in your note of the 17th ultimo, cannot therefore be arranged.

If there was a desire to exchange Captain Moody it will be possible to obtain some other officer for him. I inclose herewith an application for his exchange, acting on which was suspended in consequence of the instructions contained in your note.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

