HEADQUARTERS FORT WARREN,Boston Harbor, March 7, 1864.

General E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: In answer to your letter of the 4th instant, in reference to letter of Captain Webb to Mr. Mallory, rebel Secretary of the Navy, I have the honor to reply that the case mate occupied by Captain Webb and his officers, twenty-nine in all, is of the same dimensions as those occupied by forty of our own troops. They are comfortable, with as much fire in them as they desire; each officer having a bedstead and bed and blanket to himself, furnished by the Government. The space allotted to all of the prisoners for exercise is about 100 feet by 20, outside and fronting the parade, in which place they are permitted to any time between reveille and retreat. Captain Webb writes, "We are informed officially prisoners are not allowed full rations. " This is not the case. They have been informed over and over again that the ration allowed them was the old ration of the army, with the exception of two or three articles, and which ration is more than they can possibly eat. There have been complaints made that they have not a sufficiency of bread. On inquiry I find that the bread is so good that some eat more than their allowance, eighteen ounces, and thus may deprive others of their full share. The only reasonable complain that can possibly be made is in the sink accommodations, which place will accommodate but five at a time, although there is a guard detailed especially for the purpose of covering them to and from it from reveille until retreat, after which hour they use the police tubs in their quarters. I am having constructed a portable sink, which will be finished shortly, and which I think will obviate the difficulty. I am satisfied that every effort consistent with his duties is made by the officer in charge of them to make them comfortable. I should be glad to have an officer of the Navy sent here to see their condition.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN CABOT,

Major First Batt. Heavy Arty., Massachusetts Vols., Commanding Post.

OFFICE ACTING ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL,
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Franklin, La., March 7, 1864.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE, Chief of Staff, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have received a communication dated February 25, from Major William M. Levy, commissioner, &c., for Major-General Taylor, in which he states that information has been received by General Taylor that about the last of October, 1863, certain soldiers of the Twenty-sixth Regiment Louisiana Infantry, who had been regularly paroled at the capture of Vicksburg by the U. S. forces and were at their homes in the parish of Lafayette, on this State, were arrested by a portion of the command of Major-General Franklin, sent to New Orleans, and lodged in prison, where they are now confined. The names of the men are Sergt. A. D. Landry, Company E; Corpl. Alfred Peck, Company E; Private Jules Duhon, Company E; A. Guidry, Company A; V. Comeau, Company A; Marshal Faber, Company A; all of the Twenty-sixth Louisiana Regiment of Infantry.

Major Levy goes on to say:

These men are represented as having been quietly at their homes awaiting their exchange, and never having violated their parole. If such are the facts, I have to request that they may be released from confinement and returned to their homes.

