
Major-General Franklin informs me that he has no knowledge of these facts, and that the prisoners named must have been arrested by some of the command of Major-General Ord, then at Vermilionville.

I have the honor to request to be informed what answer I shall return to Major Levy on this subject.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. C. DWIGHT,

Commissioner and Acting Assistant Inspector-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., March 8, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Flag-of-truce boat is in, bringing 48 officers and 600 odd privates delivered for exchange. Richmond papers give account of Dahlgren's death and Cooke's capture. Richmond papers of to-day say that on 6th of March Sherman was at Canton; that he has taken a large number of negroes and leaves the country impoverished. No further news of importance, save that Richmond papers state that the Confederates have ordered all of Kilpatrick's officers that they have captured in irons.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 8, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commissioner for Exchange, Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: As the exchange of Captain Moody, directed in my letter of the 17th ultimo by authority of the Secretary of War, could not be effected, I have respectfully to request that he be exchanged for some other Federal officer of corresponding rank now on parole. I would respectfully suggest Captain Joseph O'Keeffe, additional aide-de-camp to Major-General Sherman, who is anxious that he should join him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 8, 1864.

Major General W. T. H. BROOKS,

Commanding Department of the Monongahela, Pittsburg, Pa.:

GENERAL: By authority of the Secretary of War I inclose herewith a list* of articles which may be sold to prisoners of war in the Allegheny penitentiary by some suitable person to be appointed by yourself, and I respectfully request you will make some arrangement by which such sales can be made. As prisoners of war are not permitted to have money in their possession, the sales will have to be made by the prisoners giving orders on the officer in whose hands their money is deposited, and these orders should be presented for payment at least once a week. The orders for the articles should be given in the

---------------

*See inclosure to March 3, p. 1014.

---------------

65 R R-SERIES II, VOL VI

