
presence of an officer and they should be delivered to the prisoners in the same way. These sales will be made only as far as can be done without detriment to the convenience of the prison or the security of the prisoners, and every precaution should be taken to guard against an abuse of the privilege, either by the person authorized to sell or the prisoners. I do not think it would be advisable for the officials of the penitentiary to have anything to do with this matter.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

(Same to Major General S. P. Heitzelman, headquarters Northern Department, Columbus, Ohio, in regard to Ohio penitentiary.)

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 8, 1864.

Brigadier General G. MARSTON,

Commanding Depot Prisoners of War, Point Lookout, Md.:

GENERAL: A letter has been written by General Jeff. Thompson to General Terry, commanding at Sandusky, complaining that a large amount of baggage was stolen from the prisoners recently transferred from Johnson's Island to Point Lookout by the guard which accompanied them. Will you please inform me what complains were made on the subject by the prisoners, and what evidence was offered to show that "the trunks, valises, and other baggage of the Port Hudson prisoners reached Point Lookout almost entirely rifled of their contents and several of the trunks and valises are missing. " Please ascertain, if possible, what was the condition of the baggage when it was transferred from the boat at Baltimore, and when and to whom the robbery was first reported. Your immediately attention is requested to these inquiries.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

DALTON, March 9, 1864.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have had the honor to receive your letter of the 26th ultimo, and on inquiry have learned that J. T. Stancel and Jesse Grear, claiming to belong to the Third West Tennessee Cavalry, U. S. service, are now confined in Atlanta. The former is charged with "violating his parole," probably without foundation; the latter with "desertion to the enemy. " The can be no conviction of this offense without full proof that the accused was a Confederate soldier. Robert Waits, also charged with deserting to the enemy, has escaped. As you justly believe that I am "disposed to be governed by the laws of war, justice, and humanity," I need not assure you that no prisoner in my power will suffer contrary to those laws.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General, C. S. Army.

