
having left Sandusky on the 10th of February, they were probably some twenty hours behind time. The commander of the guard reports that the transporting of the prisoners in the freight cars and the slow rate of travel gave them great facilities for making their escape, which a number availed themselves of. Having no means of communicating with the engineer it was impossible for him to stop the train when escapes were made. I report these facts in order that if the contract by the railroad company was not complied with it may be made to forfeit some part or all of their compensation, or if the transportation was not properly provided such steps may be taken as you may judge proper.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OHIO PENITENTIARY, Columbus, March 9, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, U. S. Army,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I would respectfully ask that the prisoners of war confined here be permitted to purchase, by consent of the warden, such articles of diet, fruit, &amp;c., as may, in the judgment of the surgeon, be necessary to preserve our perfect sanitary condition. At present our purchases are limited to stationery, tobacco, pipes, &c., I make this application the more confidently having understood that similar privileges are enjoyed by those confined elsewhere, both North and South.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. WARD,

Colonel, C. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAMP SUMTER, Numbers 5. Andersonville, March 9, 1864.

Until further orders Captain R. B. Winder, assistant quartermaster, is ordered to detail from the prisoners of Camp Winder, upon his own orders, such men as he may require to work upon the different buildings at the post. All orders issued previously regarding detail of prisoners are hereby revoked.

A. W. PERSONS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Per JAS. C. SELLAM, JR.,

Acting Assistant.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, March 10, 1864-3. 45 p. m.

Major General B. F. BUTLER, Fort Monroe:

You will please furnish to me a report of the number of prisoners delivered by you to the enemy for exchange since you entered upon your present command, with the respective dates of delivery, designating the names and rank of the commissioned and non-commissioned officers and the names of the privates. Upon receiving the rolls, with this designation, Colonel Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, will be ordered to designate the like number of our officers and

