HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, Md., July 11, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I will look out for the rebel General Trimble, as you direct. He is notorious here as a bridge-burner and 19th-of-April leader. He has not appeared yet himself, but two days ago his assistant adjutant-general, Major Hall, came here on parole from Gettysburg to prepare accommodations for his chief. I revoked the parole and put the major in Fort McHenry. Last night I got another of Trimble's staff-an aide-de-camp, who had slipped down here without guard or papers of any kind.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,Major-General.

BALTIMORE, July 11, 1863.

PROVOST-MARSHAL, Gettysburg, Pa.:

Can you tell me where the rebel Major General I. R. Trimble is? I have already had to complain that you sent two days ago one of his staff, Major Hall, his assistant adjutant-general, under parole to this city. I of course revoked the parole. Last night two other rebel officers and a rebel soldier, one of the officers being also of the staff of General Trimble, came down in a car mixed up with our own wounded soldiers. The staff officer of General Trimble was disguised in the greatcoat of a Union soldier. None of them had any papers. They were of course arrested. I call your attention to these abuses.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, July 11, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I don't know who is in command at Gettysburg, but there is something loose or wrong there. We pick up rebel officers and me here, unwounded as well as wounded, coming down without guard, papers, or orders, and some officers paroled.

ROBERT C. SCHENCK,Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 11, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK:

The Secretary of War has directed that unless specially authorized no Confederate prisoner of war be released on taking the oath of allegiance.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

BALTIMORE, July 11, 1863.

Brigadier General W. W. MORRIS, Fort McHenry:

The Secretary of War has directed that unless specially authorized no rebel prisoner of war be released on taking the oath of allegiance. But I am not yet instructed who is to give this special authority.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

