
[Third indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, March 17, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the commissioner for the exchange of prisoners for remark.

By order of the Secretary of War:

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Fourth indorsement.]

WASHINGTON, March 19, 1864.

I am of opinion that Basil Duke has no claims to be especially selected for exchange while we have so many rebel prisoners in our possession who were captured before him.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, February 26, 1864.

Colonel B. W. DUKE,

Prisoner of War, Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio:

MY DEAR COLONEL: I have just received and read your letter to General Morgan by last flag-of-truce boat, and in return am authorized to say that if the Federal authorities will send you to City Point an officer of equal rank will be returned, they to indicate the one delivered unless there are special reasons against such exchange. I hope this will consummate your exchange, for which I have never ceased to work; am also striving for Colonel Morgan's exchange, as we learn he is in bad health. Your family all very well. Love to all the boys and believe me.

Very faithfully, your friend,

E. M. BRUCE.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Nashville, Tenn., March 11, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of the 9th instant instructing me to order no buildings or other improvements without your approval first. I have also acknowledged its receipt by telegraph on the 10th instant. Your instructions shall be obeyed. I have also the honor to report that I arrived at this place on the 9th instant, and am now engaged in inspecting the penitentiary and hospitals occupied by prisoners of war, a detailed report of which will be forwarded without delay. I do not find the smallpox to be as prevalent among the prisoners of war at this place as I had been led to expect. I shall probably be able to leave here for Memphis, Tenn., on the 13th instant. My report from Chicago was forwarded to your office from that place on the 6th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. CLARK,

Surgeon and Acting Medical Inspector of Prisoners of War.

