SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 59. Richmond, March 11, 1864.

* * * *

XXI. General G. T. Beauregard and Major General G. E. Pickett will cause the officers of their respective departments who have had command of guards in charge of prisoners being sent to Camp Sumter to make an immediate report to this office, stating the number of prisoners they received, the number escaped, the number died, the number of sick left on the road; also stating in each case of escape, death, or sickness, the name, company, regiment, and State, and when and where the occurrence took place, and to order hereafter a report as above immediately after the transfer of the prisoners from the charge of the officer.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

Thos. P. Turner, calling attention to the abuse of the privilege of sending private packages to Federal prisoners. *

[Indorsement.]

MARCH 11, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Honorable Secretary of War.

This matter was brought to my notice some time ago and I informed the Federal authorities that whenever a box contained any contraband article, or when any false pretense was used, the entire contents would be forfeited. I gave the same instructions to the officers in Richmond in charge of the boxes. I think this notice and regulation will cure the evil.

[ROL OULD,

Agent of Exchange.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, March 12, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER, Fort Monroe:

Your attention is requested to the articles in the National Intelligence of this week taken from Richmond papers in relation to exchanges of prisoners. Do they exchange man for man, or only pro rata?

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

PRIVATE.] FORT MONROE, VA., March 12, 1864-3 p. m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Please do not believe what you see in the papers. I would exchange pro rate if I could not do otherwise, but am not doing so. Let e ask that no person see this but yourself. If it gets in the papers it will work injury, and I am informed that General Hitchcock told the

---------------

*Turner's communication not found.

---------------

