
[Third indorsement.]

MARCH 10, 1864.

General WINDER:

Note the above indorsement, in which I concur.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 49. Richmond, February 29, 1864.

* * * *

XXVI. Paragraph XXXV, Special Orders, Numbers 47, current series, is hereby amended. Major E. Griswold is assigned to special duty in charge of the Federal prisoners at Camp Sumter, near Andersonville, Ga. Colonel A. W. Persons, commandant of the post, will detail the necessary guard for the prisoners upon the requisition of Major Griswold, who is, of course, subordinate to the commandant of the post.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP WINDER, Andersonville, Ga., March 12, 1864.

Major A. M. ALLEN,

Commissary of Subsistence, Columbus, Ga.:

MAJOR: I will have your building put up with pleasure, and am already putting up the logs, but I cannot get lumber sufficient to do my own work, and told you when you were here that you must furnish your own materials, and I am even willing to pay for them, but not at the price of $100 per thousand, which was the price that Captain Armstrong informed me he could purchase lumber at. Harold is purchasing lumber and has authority, too, to impress same, at least he so informed me this morning. If you have such authority come at once and impress the necessary mills, or give me the power, and we can in this way get the lumber. I am ready to assist you in any way that I can, but nothing can be done without the materials. It is highly important that you should get your house at once. Please inform me at once if you received my letter in regard to feeding employees at this post and other matters.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. WINDER,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

N. B. -Can you not procure nails, window lights, and door fastenings in Columbus?
HEADQUARTERS U. S. MILITARY PRISON,Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind., March 13, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: In compliance with your instructions of the 7th instant I have the honor to submit the following report of the escape of eighteen prisoners of war from this camp, as alluded to in my report of February 29, 1864. From information received from prisoners since the above occurrence, I am satisfied that two of the number escaped by scaling the fence about the 3rd of that month, the tunnel reported not having been completed until the night of the 10th. The sixteen remaining prisoners escaped, part of them early on the night of the 10th, and the

