
prisoners of war are detained. Prisoners on arriving from the front are placed in the east wing and main building of the State penitentiary, but are rarely detained at this post for more than twenty-four hours, being as quickly as practicable transferred to Louisville, Ky., unless sufficiently ill to require hospital treatment. One difficulty obtains here, which I have not met with elsewhere. The penitentiary is used as a general guard-house for the district, all prisoners being crowded in together without distinction of class, excepting that the west wing is devoted to civil prisoners only. Notwithstanding this general mixture, and the constant changing of police, the prison quarters are kept in a very fair condition of police, though much in need of a coat of whitewash throughout. The cooking arrangements are somewhat contracted, yet are sufficient for their purpose, prisoners being furnished with cooked rations during their stay. The cooking is done by contrabands. No prison fund is established, rations being only drawn for prisoners as they arrive and for one day at a time. The sinks are in the prison yard, and are altogether inadequate in accommodation, an din a miserable state of police. The sink consist of one box, about 12 by 3 by 3 feet in dimensions, with four half casks for use as urinals. These are supposed to be cleansed daily, but such is by no means the case. I found them full to overflowing and exceedingly offensive. There were at the time of my inspection but two prisoners of war retained here, both under charge of murder, and one political prisoner, of war, 1 political prisoner, and 127 civilians. All the prisoners of war (with the exception of those above-mentioned-77 sick, 14 died, 2 released, and 5 escaped) have been transferred to Louisville, Ky. Of citizens there were remaining February 29 76, of whom 8 were in hospital. A medical officer visits the prison daily, and such prisoners as require hospital treatment are transferred to one or other of the U. S. Army general hospitals at the post. March 12 I found 64 prisoners, 56 of whom were prisoners of war, sick in U. S. Army General Hospital Numbers 1, in charge of Surg. C. W. Hornor, U. S. Volunteers.

These prisoners occupy a ward in the upper story of the hospital building, which was formerly used as a gun factory and which is very well adapted to its purpose. The prisoners' ward is 170 by 45 by 16 feet in dimensions and will accommodate 153 beds. It is very well ventilated from the roof and by side and end windows. The patients are clean, well clad, and well cared for, and the ward and furniture in good order and police. The prisoners are not, however, properly isolated from the general hospital patients. A distinct record and report of them is made, but all supplies are obtained and issued from the general hospital is as follows: Aggregate sick, 137; died, 23; returned to prison, 42; sent to pest-house, 12; remaining, 60. Percentage of deaths to aggregate sick, . 1679.

February report: Aggregate sick, 141; died, 15; returned to prison, 52; send to pest-house, 3; remaining, 71. Percentage of deaths to aggregate sick, . 1064. At present under treatment-prisoners of war, 56; civilians, 8. Every prisoner is vaccinated on his entrance into the hospital. In Hospital Numbers 3 I found 12 prisoners. This hospital is located on the public square and consists of two large warehouses not at all well adapted to this purpose. It is under the charge of Surgeon Turney, U. S. Volunteers. The prisoners occupy a portion of a ward

