
in the fourth story. They bear evidence of being well cared for. In all respects the same remarks made concerning Hospital Numbers 1 will apply to this hospital also. As the prisoners' ward in Hospital Numbers 1 is sufficiently large to accommodate any number of prisoners who may require hospital treatment I have requested the assistant provost-marshal-general to direct that henceforth all such prisoners be sent to Hospital Numbers 1, instead of being scattered about the city, excepting such as may require to be sent to the pest-house. The pest-house is located about a mile west of the city. It is a camp hospital consisting mainly of hospital tents. It is very well arranged and is under the charge of Acting Assistant Surgeon France. There are now twenty-two prisoners of war and citizens at this hospital, or rather are supposed to be here, for no reliable register is kept. There is no guard and the prisoners are scattered among the other patients instead of being collected together in one ward. The surgeon in charge states that he is not certain but that some of the prisoners have escaped, as he is unprovided with a guard; that he has applied to the commandant of the post for such guard, and in reply was instructed to ploy his convalescents as a guard, but that he has not done so because he has no convalescents whom he consider fit for such duty, and moreover, has no arms for them. He also states that a majority of the above prisoners are convalescents and fit to be returned to the assistant provost-marshal, but that he has no clothing wherewith to furnish them before their return. I have request Captain Goodwin to see that these men are provided with the necessary clothing. This hospital is well organized but very loosely conducted.

The following report is all that I could ascertain from the hospital books: January, 1864-cases admitted, 27; deaths, 6. February, 1864-cases admitted, 4; deaths, 3. March, 1864, to 12th instant-cases admitted, 0; deaths, 1; total cases admitted, 31; deaths, 10; percentage, . 3259.

There are between 800 and 900 cases of the disease in this hospital, consisting of troops, civilians, and contrabands. I would suggest that a distinct prison hospital be organized at this post. I do not think that a separate building is necessary. The ward at present used for the purpose in Hospital Numbers 1 might be continued, but as a distinct hospital, though it might remain under the charge of the same surgeon. This would enable the establishment of a distinct hospital fund from which the prisoners could be supplied. At present they receive, in all respects, the same treatment as do our own sick and wounded. Should you think proper to direct this to be done, I will effect it on my return here.

Respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. CLARK,

Surgeon and Acting Medical Inspector of Prisoners of War.

U. S. MILITARY PRISON,

Camp Morton, Indianapolis, May 14, 1864. *

Colonel JAMES A. HARDIE,

Inspector-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of April 29, 1864, directing that-

immediate and sufficient measures must be instituted to cause a thorough and complete cleansing of the quarters and barracks, &amp;c., also that a more through discipline must be adopted with both guards and prisoners.

---------------

*Inadvertently printed out of its proper sequence.

---------------

