
[Inclosures.]

A.

GENERAL HOSPITAL Numbers 21,

Richmond, Va., November 21, 1863.

Surg. WILLIAM A. CARRINGTON,

Medical Director, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: In reply to your communication of the 20th instant, I have the honor to submit the following report:

Hospital Numbers 21 contains 17,600 cubic feet. At this date there are 430 patients under treatment in said hospital, being about 410 cubic feet to the man. Hospital Numbers 22 contains 11,400 cubic feet; 272 patients are now under treatment, there being about 408 cubic feet to the man. The Second Alabama Hospital contains the same number of cubic feet that Hospital Numbers 22 contains. Allowing 800 cubic feet to the man the three hospitals will accommodate about 500 patients. This morning's report shows 977 in hospital. Captain Turner has visited the Texas Hospital and pronounces the building ineligible for a prison hospital because of the difficulty in guarding it. Please have turned over to me as soon as practicable either Hospital Numbers 20 or 23.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO WILKINS,

Surgeon in Charge.

B.

GENERAL HOSPITAL Numbers 21,

Richmond, Va., December 16, 1863.

Surg. WILLIAM A. CARRINGTON,

Medical Director, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: General Hospital Numbers 23 (Liggon's factory) is now under control of Captain Warner, assistant quartermaster. Captain Selph informs me that the upper story of building corner Twenty-first and Carey streets is empty, and that the baggage now stored in Numbers 23 could be put in there. Please issue the necessary orders to have Numbers 23 cleaned out, so that I can bet possession of the building as soon as possible, as I am much pressed for room. The admissions to hospital month have averaged about fifty per day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO WILKINS,

Surgeon in Charge.

[First indorsement.]

MARCH 18, 1864.

Respectfully submitted for the information of the War Department.

A copy will be furnished General Winder and his attention called to the condition of his command. The Medical Department is compromised by this state of affairs, which can but seriously and justly compromise us in the treatment of our prisoners.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[Second indorsement.]

MARCH 21, 1864.

Respectfully referred to General Winder for examination and report before submitting to higher authority. These papers to be returned to this office.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

