
to Secretary of War for authority to impress mills. Should this authority be granted me, all obstacles will be removed.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. WINDER,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

BOSTON, MASS., March 16, 1864.

Honorable C. A. DANA, Assistant Secretary of War:

Under dates of October 30 and November 12, 1864, please find my letters to Major L. C. Turner, judge-advocate, concerning whole subject of receiving and keeping female prisoners of war. I have arranged with U. S. Marshal Keyes to arrange with county officers if you should need to avail of houses of correction.

JNO A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 16, 1864.

Major General W. T. H. BROOKS,

Commanding Department of the Monongahela, Pittsburg, Pa.:

GENERAL: By direction of the Secretary of War you will please give the necessary orders for the transfer of the prisoners of war now in confinement in the Allegheny penitentiary to Point Lookout, Md. Please order an ample guard and have every precaution taken that none escape. Instruct the commander of the guard to permit the prisoners to have no communication with any person by the way and notify the commanders at Harrisburg and Baltimore of their coming, so that guards may be present to secure their safe transfer from one train to another. A steamer will be prepared at Baltimore to receive them, but the guard will continue with them to Point Lookout and all should be prepared with cooked rations for the whole route. They should be transported in passenger cars, well supplied with lights and water, and the time of reaching Baltimore, before 4 p. m., should be fixed, all to be provided for in the contract. Send with them duplicate rolls, one copy to be retained by the officer in charge, and furnish a copy to this office. The officer in charge will take receipts for all delivered and will give the names, with rank, &amp;c., of all not delivered, stating what became of them. His report should be made through you immediately on his return. If the prisoners have money in the hands of any officer, please have it sent with them, to be delivered to the commander at Point Lookout. Inform me by telegram when they can reach Baltimore and I will notify you when the boat will be ready. The rolls required are the ordinary rolls; not the parole-rolls.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

PRISON HOSPITAL, Johnson's Island, March 16, 1864.

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

SIR: We, the undersigned, acting surgeons in charge of the prison hospital on Johnson's Island, in view of the prospect for at least a partial exchange of prisoners, would respectfully set forth the following

