
correct the defect in the construction of the barracks lately erected at Fort Delaware, to which you call attention in your letter of the 7th instant.

E. S. SIBLEY,

Brevet Colonel, U. S. Army, Deputy Quartermaster-General.

NORFOLK, VA., July 11, 1863.

Major-General DIX:

Lieutenant Sanborn, of the colored regiment, was shot at the head of his company in Main street this p. m. by Doctor Wright and died immediately. Doctor Wright is in jail heavily ironed.

A. E. BOVAY,

Major and Provost-Marshal.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, Numbers 42. Baltimore, Md., July 11, 1863.

Suitable and comfortable hospital accommodations will be provided for sick and wounded prisoners of war, the same as for soldiers of the Union.

On the arrival of wounded or sick rebel officers or soldiers in Baltimore, whose injuries or condition are such that in the opinion of the proper medical authority they should not be confined or sent for exchange with other prisoners, they will be immediately assigned and conveyed to the hospitals designated for them, there to remain on parole until they are sufficiently recovered to be removed for imprisonment or exchange. No other paroles of prisoners of war will be taken or recognized.

No rebel officer or soldier can be received or entertained in any private house or in any place other than the hospital to which he is regularly assigned by proper medical authority.

Separate hospitals for prisoners of war will be established.

No person not thoroughly loyal will be permitted under any circumstances to visit or have access to any military hospital.

No person not thoroughly loyal will be permitted under any circumstances to visit or have access to any military hospital.

If any person or persons within this department be found harboring, entertaining, or concealing any rebel officer or soldier in his or her house, or on his or her premises, or in any place after twenty-four hours from the publication of this order, the person so offending will be at once sent beyond the Union lines into the rebel States, or otherwise punished, at the discretion of the military authority.

The medical director of the Middle Department and provost-marshal of the Eighth Army Corps are charged to see that this order is strictly executed.

By command of Major-General Schenck:

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, July 11, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN H. WINDER:

GENERAL: The Government does not desire to detain the crew of the Arabian with any view of inflicting punishment. Their evidence, however, is very important in libeling the vessel, and they cannot be set

