
McCarroll, and Hupman, and they are accordingly forwarded with this report. If true, they make these cases appear in a very odious light and cause me to reiterate your regret that they should have occurred.

The instructions to sentinels have been so modified that it is not probable anything of the kind will again occur, except it should be actually necessary to prevent the prisoners from escaping.

I have not taken the affidavit of Lieutenant Colonel A. H. Poten because I understand from your letter that his statement is already before you.

Colonel Wallace, then commanding officer, is now very ill at his home in Belmont County, in this State, or I would have taken his statement in regard to the orders and instructions given to the prison guards, but from conversations with him on this subject I am of the opinion that it would not change the statement of those already made.

Having reported as fully as the means at my command will permit,

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. RICHARDSON,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 8.]

CAMP CHASE, OHIO, March 8, 1864.

Colonel RICHARDSON, Commanding Camp Chase, Ohio:

SIR: I have the honor to report that about 11 o'clock a. m. 16th of December, 1863, while making my regular visit to Prison Numbers 1, as surgeon in charge of prison, I was called to see one Henry Hupman, private, Company C, Twentieth Virginia [Cavalry], whom I found pale and nervous from the effect of a gunshot wound of right arm. Patient stated that he was shot by sentinel on parapet about 9 o'clock p. m. 15th instant while lying in bed; hemorrhage was quite profuse and was not arrested for nearly half an hour, when his associates finally obtained permission to have alight for fifteen minutes, during which time they succeeded in arresting the flow of blood. The quarters being considerably crowded, and not being prepared, to dress the wound, I ordered him to hospital immediately, and visited him in the afternoon of same day and found, on examination, that the ball entered the forearm, slightly fracturing the inner border of olecranon process of ulna, passed through elbow joint up the arm under inner border of biceps into shoulder, where it was lost, not being able to trace it farther. Not knowing where ball might be found, it was not thought best to use cutting instruments for ascertaining its whereabouts or amputating at shoulder joint. From the weakness of pulse and other symptoms I was led to believe that the ball might have penetrated into the bones of thorax. Simple dressing was applied, stimulants supplied, and the patient put to bed. September 17, pulse feeble, tongue dry and brown, sordes on teeth. Continued stimulants and used disinfectants freely. Erysipelas being in the hospital, antiseptics were applied. Eighteenth, mortification was just manifesting itself; treatment continued, and Surgeons McFadden, Swingley, and Abraham were called in council. It was not thought prudent to amputate; patient died about 4 o'clock p. m. same day.

I also submit the following copy of a report made by Dr. W. C. Maxfield the time referred to surgeon in charge of prisons:

The case referred to under head of "Other wounds of abdominal cavity" was that of Samuel Lemley, citizen of Virginia, prisoner of war, confined in Prison Numbers 2, Camp Chase, shot by the sentinel on the parapet at 9 o'clock p. m. September 16, 1863. Cartridge contained one round ball and three buckshot; ball passed through right arm, fracturing humerus, entered body at seventh rib, passed out at left inguinal region; two of the shot lodged in arm, the third passed through arm, leaving a

