
[Inclosure Numbers 10.]

Statement of J. G. Nance, M. D., Company I, Tenth Kentucky Cavalry (prisoner of war), in the case of the shooting of Henry Hupman, prisoner of war.

I belong to Company I, Tenth Kentucky Cavalry. Said Hupman was a mess mate of mine at the time he was shot. I was in my bunk asleep at the time the shot was fired and was awakened by my cousin a few minutes afterward to dress the wound. It was some time before I could get permission from the sentinel to light a candle to dress the wound, during which time he bled profusely. The shot passed through the door-shutter and entered the forearm, passing over the olecranon process, cutting one of the large arteries of the arm and lodging near the head of the humerus. I succeeded in stopping the bleeding. I do not think that any of the bones of the arm were broken. Doctor Fitzpatrick came in the next morning and examined the wound.

Hupman was taken out late the next evening to the hospital, up to which time he seemed tolerably comfortable, being able to walk to the hospital. The ball was not taken from his arm while I staid with him. I think if the ball had been taken from his arm as soon as he was shot and the proper medical attention given him he would have recovered.

This is about all I know concerning his case, as I before said that I was asleep at the time he was shot.

J. G. NANCE, M. D.,

Private, Company I, Tenth Kentucky Cavalry.

[Inclosure Numbers 11.]

Statement of H. French, Company K, Tenth Kentucky Regiment (prisoner of war), in the case of the shooting of Henry Hupman, prisoner of war.

I was acquainted with Hupman. I heard the sentinel call "lights out," and the candle was put out immediately.

There was fire in the stove and the door of the stove was broken off so that it gave a bright light. I think the sentinel called "lights out" once after the candle was put out. I think it was about fifteen minutes after the light was put out that the sentinel fired and shot Hupman.

H. (his x mark) FRENCH,

Company K, Tenth Kentucky Regiment.

[Inclosure Numbers 12.]

Statement of George W. Dean, Company I, Sixth Kentucky Regiment (prisoners of war), in the case of the shooting of Henry Hupman, prisoner of war.

A few minutes before Hupman was shot there was a noise in the mess, very loud talking, &amp;c.

There were three or four passed in and out of the mess. They had been in there singing. I did not hear the sentinel call "lights out; " I knew what the prison rules were, and knew it was against the rules to have lights and noise at that time of night.

The stove door was broken so it gave considerable light in the mess. The mess door was not open at the time Hupman was shot. I was sitting by the stove at the time the shot was fired. The ball passed through the door. This is all I know of the case.

G. W. DEAN,

Company I, Sixth Kentucky Regiment.

