
[Inclosure Numbers 15.]

Statement of William Hoover, Company C, Sixteenth Tennessee Infantry (prisoner of war), in the case of the shooting of Hamilton McCarroll, prisoner of war.

I was asleep when McCarroll was shot. The report of the gun or the grounds of the man awakened me. I think he came in one day before he was shot and stayed one night in some other mess before he was put in our mess.

Some of the members of the mess told him we were not allowed lights after 9 o'clock.

I knew we were not allowed lights after 9 o'clock, and this was between the hours of 1 and 3 o'clock a. m. I think McCarroll was shot between the 15th and 20th of November, 1863.

WM. HOOVER,

Company C, Sixteenth Regiment Tennessee Volunteer Infantry.

[Inclosure Numbers 16.]

Statement of H. P. J. Hatchcock, Company B, Sixteenth Tennessee Infantry (prisoner of war), in the case of the shooting of Hamilton McCarroll, prisoner of war.

I was awake at the time Hamilton McCarroll was shot. McCarroll was sitting by the stove at the time. The stove door was open and threw considerable light. I did not hear the guard call "lights out. " I was sick and did not take much notice of what was said or done. I think McCarroll knew it was against orders to have a fire at night. McCarroll had no blanket and I suppose that was the reason he was sitting by the fire. I think it was between 12 and 3 o'clock a. m., the 15th day of November, 1863.

H. P. J. (his x mark) HATCHCOCK,

Company B, Sixteenth Tennessee Infantry.

[Inclosure Numbers 17.]

Statement of L. D. Stacy, Company L, Eleventh Tennessee Cavalry (prisoner of war), in the case of the shooting of Hamilton McCarroll, prisoner of war.

I belong in mess 49. I was awake at the time McCarroll was shot and thought I heard a sentinel cry "lights out. " I was just going to tell the boys to shut the stove door when the shot was fired. The front part of the building was lit up considerably, and some one of the mess was filling a kettle to make coffee. I think the house door was shut at the time. McCarroll lived about one minute and a half after he was shot. There was no candle lighted at the time.

L. D. STACY,

Company L, Eleventh Tennessee Cavalry.

[Inclosure Numbers 18.]

Statement of Silas Haught, citizen of Virginia (prisoner of war), in the case of the shooting of W. L. Pope, prisoner of war.

I was acquainted with W. L. Pope. Pope was shot in the evening about 8 o'clock. I heard some boys in my mess say that they heard the sentinel order him away from the gate two or three times. Pope made

