
no reply. I understood he went to the gate to see something about burning a light in a mess where there was a sick man. That is all I know about the shooting of W. L. Pope.

SILAS HAUGHT,

Citizen of Virginia.

[Inclosure Numbers 19.]

Statement of Henry Glover, citizen of West Virginia (prisoner of war), in the case of the shooting of W. L. Pope, prisoner of war.

I knew Pope when I saw him, but was not acquainted with him. It was a little after dusk when Pope was shot. I was on the street and within 100 feet of him at the time. When I first saw him he was standing at the gate looking into the key room. I heard the sentinel tell him to get away from the gate. I also heard him (the sentinel) tell him to get away from there the second time. I do not remember hearing the sentinel say anything more to him.

I think it was about one minute from the time I first saw Pope at the gate until I heard the sentinel order him away, and I think it was about two minutes from the time I first heard the sentinel tell him to go away until he was shot. I did not see Pope after he was shot.

HENRY GLOVER,

Citizen of West Virginia.

I certify that the above is a true copy.

S. L. HAMMON,

Lieutenant and Provost-Marshal of Prison Numbers 3.

P. S. -Henry Glover was released yesterday. We did not see him to get his signature.

LIEUTENANT HAMMON.

[Inclosure Numbers 20.]

Statement of James S. Sapp, citizen of West Virginia (prisoner of war), in the case of the shooting of W. L. Pope, prisoner of war.

I knew Pope; he was the sergeant of our mess, which is mess 1. I do not recollect the date when he was shot. About half-past 7 in the evening Pope said he would go up to the gate and ask permission of the sergeant of the gate to burn a light in our mess, as we had a sick man there, and he immediately started for that purpose. I do not think it was more than five or ten minutes after he started until I heard the report of a gun. The next I saw of Pope they were helping him up. I do not know where the ball hit him or how long he lived.

J. S. SAPP,

Citizen of West Virginia.

[Inclosure Numbers 21.]

CAMP DOUGLAS, ILL., February 27, 1864.

In compliance with orders from Brigadier-General Orme, dated February 26, 1864, I would respectfully submit the following statement in reference to the shooting of William L. Pope, at Camp Chase, Ohio:

Said William L. Pope, Ninth Tennessee Cavalry, was fired upon and shot by a sentinel on post at Prison Numbers 2, Camp Chase, Ohio, between the hours of 8 and 10 on the night of November 5, 1863.

At the time, and for some weeks previous, and also thereafter, I was filling the position of provost-marshal of prisoners at Prisons Nos. 1

