
[Inclosure Numbers 22.]
HEADQUARTERS POST OF CHICAGO,Chicago, Ill., February 27, 1864.

Affidavit of Corpl. Miller Wilson, Company A, Fifteenth Regiment, Invalid Corps, in regard to the shooting of William L. Pope, Ninth Tennessee Cavalry, at Camp Chase, November 5, 1863.

My instructions were first to allow no man to come within four feet of the fence. Second, to halt all men twice. Third, when they refused to obey the challenge to fire upon them. Fourth, I received my instructions from Captain Smith, Company C, Fifteenth Regiment Invalid Corps, officer of the day at that time. I also received the same orders from the officer of the guard, whose name I disremember.

I was on the parapet of Prison Numbers 1, and the prisoner, Pope, came out of the door of the barracks between 11 and 12 o'clock at night. He came toward the fence and came to within a few feet of the fence, when I ordered him to halt three or four times, but he did not stop and I fired on him. The ball went through his right arm and hip and completely through his body.

He died about 4 o'clock next morning.

MILLER (his x mark) WILSON,

Corporal, Company A, Fifteenth Regiment Invalid Corps.

Subscribed and sworn to before me at Chicago, Ill., this 28th day of February, 1864.

H. BURR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Volunteers.

[Inclosure Numbers 23.]

CAMP CHASE, March 6, 1864.

Colonel W. P. RICHARDSON:

SIR: According to your instructions I have the honor of submitting the following report in relation to the shooting of Samuel Lemley, private, Nineteenth Virginia Cavalry, on the night of the 17th of September, 1863.

On the 17th of September, 1863, I was officer of the guard at prisons 1 and 2 at this post. Captain Allen, Company I, Eighty-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, was officer of the day.

My instructions, received from the officer of the guard relieved by me, were to keep prisoners confined in said prisons ten feet from the fence, to allow no communication between them and the sentinels. The prisoners failing to obey orders after three distinct warnings the guard was to shoot.

I gave these instructions to the guard, and between the hours of 9 and 11 p. m. I made a tour of inspection on the parapet and found the sentinels prompt in halting and vigilant in their duty. Private Moody, Company C, Eighty-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, posted on the parapet in rear of Prison Numbers 2 and near the sink of said prison, complained that the prisoners obeyed his orders with reluctance in regard to running behind said sink, the back part of which was from six to eight feet from the fence. He had very often during the day warned them of his instructions.

I repeated the orders, and on no consideration to allow them to run behind the aforementioned sink. I then turned to a group of prisoners standing near, and told them plainly that they should keep ten feet from the fence, and on no consideration to go behind the sink. I

