
then proceeded on my tour. When I was from fifty to sixty yards from him I heard said private Moody cry "halt" distinctly three times and then the report of his gun. Going back to him, I saw the aforementioned Samuel Lemley run from behind the sink, crying loudly and holding his hand to his side. The shot and cry brought out a great many prisoners from their barracks, who crowded around him. I could not tell whether he walked or was carried to the hospital, which is in said prison. The prisoners were very much excited, talking in a mutinous manner. I ordered them to quarters once or twice, and was obliged to put my hand to my breast, as if to draw a revolver, before they would obey, which was done in as sullen manner. I went to the guard-room, ordered a guard to go for the surgeon, went into the prison hospital, found the prisoner sitting on a chair, and one or two prisoners, whom I judged were connected with the hospital, were examining the wound, one of them, looking up as I entered, said, "We will not stand this kind of work, shooting us prisoner," or words to that effect. I ordered him to stop his talking and proceed with the examination. He was very much excited, and I was obliged to partly draw my sword before he would desist.

As I could do nothing, I returned to the guard-room. Soon after the regular surgeon of prisons came and went into the prison.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

THOMAS REBER,

Second Lieutenant Company H, Eighty-eighth Ohio Vol. Infantry.

Sworn and subscribed to before me, at Camp Chase, Ohio, this 6th day of March, 1864.

W. A. McGREW,

First Lieutenant and Adjutant, Eighty-eighth Ohio Volunteers.

[Inclosure Numbers 24.]
HEADQUARTERS POST OF CHICAGO,Chicago, Ill., February 27, 1864.

Affidavit of John W. White, private of Company D, Fifteenth Regiment Invalid Corps, in regard to the shooting of a prisoner of war while on duty at Camp Chase, Ohio, on the night of November 16, 1863;

I would respectfully state that the officer of the day was Captain Francis, of the Seventh Regiment Invalid Corps.

His instructions were to allow no lights in the quarters of the prisoners of war after taps; to order them out once, and if not obeyed to shoot them out immediately. While on my post a light appeared in one of the prisoners' barracks near the hour of 1 o'clock a. m. I ordered it out three times, and then fired into the window of the barracks. I gave the order in a loud tone, which could be distinctly herd in the barracks. I cannot positively say whether it was the light of a candle or a stove, but my belief is that it was the former, as the light disappeared immediately after the report of the gun; therefore I concluded it must have been a candle or they could not have disposed of it so soon.

It was more light than I could allow and follow my instructions strictly to the letter. I did not see any one when I fired. I fired at the light to shoot it out according to my instructions. Very soon after I fired the provost-marshal came and went into the barracks and reported that a man was shot. I did not leave my post, and never saw the prisoner that was shot. I understood that the provost-marshal

