
at large until that is taken. Instructions have been sent to North Carolina to initiate the proceedings, and as soon as practicable the crew will be examined. In the meantime you must retain them, but the Department desires that they may be afforded all conveniences and privileges consistent with their safe-keeping.

By order of the Secretary of War:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

C. S. MILITARY PRISON, Richmond, Va., July 11, 1863.

General J. H. WINDER, Commandant of Richmond:

GENERAL: We have the honor to address you a brief note in reference to a matter to us of great interest. You are aware in obedience to your order we were by lot selected from among the Federal captains for execution. No crime is charged against us, nor have we been guilty of any. It seems our lives are demanded as a measure of retaliation on our Government for the execution of two persons in Burnside's department of our army. Of these persons we know nothing, nor of the circumstances attending them. We never had any connection with that part of the army. We submit that under no circumstances should we be held to punishment for the alleged offenses of any other department of the army than that in which we served. Your authorities now hold in close confinement at Atlanta, Ga., two Federal officers, as follows: Captain N. T. Kendrick, Third West Tennessee Cavalry, and Captain D. E. Boharnace, for recruiting in Tennessee. These men were arrested and held, we understand, for the same persons we are held for. In addition to these you already hold other officers of like rank from Burnside's department. Innocent as we are of any offense against the rules of war, in the name of humanity we ask you if our lives are to be exacted for the alleged offense of other men in other departments of the army than that in which we served? We ask you to consider well our request.

We are, respectfully, your most obedient servants,

H. W. SAWYER,

Captain, First New Jersey Cavalry.

JOHN M. FLINN,

Captain, Fifty-first Indiana Volunteers.

BALTIMORE, MD., July 12, 1863-11 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

The following telegram came from Gettysburg last night:

GETTYSBURG, July 11, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK:

GENERAL: Major Hall, of General Trimble's staff, was sent to Baltimore on the following order:

"GETTYSBURG, July 8, 1863.

"Major-General Trimble, Lieutenant Granger, Major Hall, and Private Champion, all of the C. S. Army, and prisoners of war, have permission to go to Baltimore, to report to medical director at that place.

"HENRY JAMES,

"Surgeon in Charge of Hospitals About Gettysburg. "

Major-General Trimble and others were not prepared to go on that day. On the following day Honorable Simon Cameron and General Moorhead called on me and remonstrated against sending them. They telegraphed the President and Honorable Mr. Stanton, representing that it was dangerous to send them to Baltimore, and asked that

