
found him lying on the floor of the barracks and not in his bunk, but state that only from hearsay. I do not know the name of the man that was shot. A sergeant of the Seventh Regiment Invalid Corps was acting officer of the guard; his name I do not remember. The instructions were given by Captain Francis to the detail before going on post.

JOHN W. WHITE,

Company D, Fifteenth Regiment Invalid Corps.

Sworn and subscribed to before me at Chicago, Ill., this 27th day of February, 1864.

H. BURR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Volunteers.

[Inclosure Numbers 25.]

Personally appeared before me Seth L. Hammon, second lieutenant Company B, Seventh Regiment Invalid Corps, who, being duly sworn, states that he was acting provost-marshal of prisons at Camp Chase on the 16th of November, 1863. About midnight of that day he herd a sentinel on the parapet at Prison Numbers 3. (his quarters are immediately opposite Prison Numbers 3, about six rods from the prison) call "lights out" two or three times. Soon after he heard a shot from the same direction. At the time he heard the sentinel call he had retired for the night, having immediately before made his rounds inside the prison, which was necessary for him to do every night on account of a mutinous spirit that existed among the prisoners at that time. Afterward he heard shooting. He then dressed himself and went over and into the prison and there found at mess 49 a man dead (shot through the breast) by the name of Hamilton McCarroll, a prisoner of war. He had repeatedly cautioned the officer of the guard to pay particular attention to messes 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, 52, and 53, as the inmates of those messes had made several attempts to escape. He (affiant) had caught them several times in the act of burrowing out. Affiant had been but a short time previous to November 16, 1863, acting as provost-marshal. About that time, November 16, the prisoners were very mutinous; from what cause affiant does not know.

S. L. HAMMON,

Lieutenant and Provost-Marshal.

Sworn to before me and subscribed in my presence this 12th day of February, A. D. 1864.

SAML. GALLOWAY,

Notary Public of Franklin County, Ohio.

[Inclosure Numbers 26.]

Personally appeared before me Christopher Fox, duty sergeant of Company B, Seventh Regiment Invalid Corps, U. S. Army, now at Camp Chase, who, being duly sworn, states that on the night of the 16th of November, 1863, he was sergeant of the gate at Prison Numbers 3 at Camp Chase, and that about midnight of said 16th of November he distinctly heard the sentinel of beat Numbers 4 call to mess 49 of said prison to put out their lights, and I also heard him say that if the lights were not put out that he would shoot them out. Immediately after I heard this announcement of the sentinel I heard firing. I think it was the second relief that was on duty at the time. About fifteen minutes after the third relief guard came on duty. His name was White. He was

