
asked if any one was shot by him. His answer was that he thought some one was shot, as he heard some one groan, and that the lights went out soon after he shot. In the morning the provost-marshal informed me that the man shot was Hamilton McCarroll, a prisoner of war. of mess 49 of prison 3.

CHRISTOPHER FOX.

Sworn to before me and subscribed in my presence this 12th day of February, A. D. 1864.

SAML. GALLOWAY,

Notary Public of Franklin County, Ohio.

[Inclosure Numbers 27.]

Personally appeared before me Henry W. Francis, captain of Company D, Fifty-first New York Volunteer Infantry, of lawful age; being duly sworn states that he was officer of the day by order of commandant of post at Camp Chase, Ohio, November 16, 1863; that when he entered upon duty on the morning of said November 16 he received instructions from Captain Smith, who preceded him as officer of the day, that affiant was enjoined to be specially careful and watchful of the prisoners, as it had been discovered and was known that efforts had been made by prisoners to escape by excavating the ground in different places within the prison, and that as means of guarding against any further attempts that he must cause an order, previously made, that all lights should be put out at 9 o'clock p. m. to be rigidly enforced, and he instructed his guard accordingly. Affiant further states that about 2. 30 a. m. of the morning of November 17, 1863, he heard the report of a musket; that he immediately repaired to the place where he supposed the firing had occurred; that he there ascertained from persons present at the firing and particularly from the sentinel, John W. White, private in Company E, Fifteenth Regiment Invalid Corps, and also from the sergeant of the guard, that in mess Numbers 49 and Barracks Numbers 3 a light appeared, and that the inmates of said mess and barracks were thrice ordered to put out said light, but they persistently declining to do so, thereupon the musket was shot, and as the result of said shot and firing Hamilton McCarroll of said mess and barracks was killed.

H. W. FRANCIS,

Captain Company D, Fifty-first New York Vols.

Sworn to before me and subscribed in my presence this 12th of February, A. D. 1864.

SAML GALLOWAY,

Notary Public of Franklin, March 17, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT MARY'S DISTRICT,Point Lookout, Md., March 17, 1864.

General B. F. BUTLER:

GENERAL: I have received your order of the 15th instant directing me to cause to be paroled for exchange 600 privates taken in order from the list of those who wish to be exchanged, and all the convalescents in the hospitals who are able to go, except from the smallpox hospital. That has been done, the convalescents numbering 320.

The order further directs me to send "fifty officers, taken from that list, paroled, in same proportion as in the last order. " Fifty officers

