
they be sent to Harrisburg or Pittsburgh. Having but one squadron of cavalry here, and not being able to send them under guard, I refused to issue a pass, and waited the arrival of some officer to assume command.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. WILLARD SMITH,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

I do not know why Messrs. Cameron and Moorhead think it dangerous for Trimble to be brought here. The distance is less than to either Philadelphia or Pittsburgh, and as to any just exasperation of loyal Baltimore citizens, he need have no fear that he will not be protected even at the scene of his traitorous and scoundrel acts.

The fact is he intended, and it was arranged at Gettysburg, that he should come here until it was found that he would have to fare like other prisoners, and not be treated with special consideration. Gettysburg is not in my department.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 12, 1863-12. 30 p. m.

Major-General SCHENCK:

You see to misunderstand the nature of the objection to General Trimble's going to Baltimore. His going there is opposed to prevent his meeting his traitorous associates there.

A. LINCOLN,

President.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Vicksburg, Miss., July 12, 1863.

Major N. G. WATTS,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners:

MAJOR: The acceptance by Lieutenant-General Pemberton of the terms proposed to him for the surrender of this city on the 4th instant, making every person in the city connected with the Confederate Army as prisoners of war, and desiring as an act of courtesy to relieve you from the obligation of abstaining from further duty until properly exchanged, I wish now to release you unconditionally from such obligation.

You may then, major, regard yourself and the two gentlemen now serving as assistants as freely and unconditionally released from the time you pass outside of our lines.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, July 12, 1863.

Colonel J. C. KELTON, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I am informed that Captain H. W. Sawyer, First New Jersey Cavalry, and Captain John M. Flinn, Fifty-first Regiment Indiana Volunteers, have been selected by lot and reserved for execution in retaliation for the execution of Captains Corbin and McGraw, as spies, by the order of Major-General Burnside.

