
FORT MONROE, March 22, 1864.

Honorable S. P. CHASE, Secretary of the Treasury:

On the 1st of April the Confederate money which you have got by the act of the Confederate Congress becomes worthless. Had you not better send it to me and let me forward it to our prisoners in Richmond? Even if the Confederates should seize it it would be worth no more to them than it is now in our vaults. There is necessary for prompt action in the matter, as the 1st of April approaches.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Vicksburg, Miss., March 22, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel N. G. WATTS,

Agent of Exchange, C. S. Army:

COLONEL: Your communication in relation to exchange of prisoners, &amp;c., is received, and in the absence of the major-general commanding, to whom it is addressed, I would say that I have received no instructions that will allow me to comply with your proposition, regretting also that I cannot, under the circumstances, comply with your request for permission to remove the body of Captain Paul Hamilton, now buried within our lines. In the matter of Doctor Davis, who is, as you say, a citizen and not connected with the army, I would state that he has been sent North, and will no doubt be treated according to the merits of his case.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

J. McARTHUR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 22, 1864.

B. FRANK PALMER, New York:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 15th instant, addressed to the Secretary of War, in relation to supplying artificial limbs to prisoners of war, I have the honor to inform you that as long as the prisoners are in our hands you will be permitted to deliver any limbs you may have been authorized to make, but when the prisoners have been delivered beyond our lines the same rules will apply then to the furnishing of artificial limbs a to any other article of trade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 22, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that your letter of the 2nd ultimo, addressed to the Adjutant-General, covering correspondence in relation to an exchange of prisoners in Western Louisiana, and the

