
organized hospitals near the city have been empty during the whole of this time. They were offered and refused. I dissent from the officers' report as far as the principal cause of mortality is stated to be the crowded condition of the hospital, and request that the inclosures Nos. 3,7, and 8 be considered and the facts therein referred to be investigated and considered. (See note). From the facts above considered I do not consider myself responsible for or compromised by the condition of things at the prison hospital. I will further state that since the sickness has increased to any extent I have had reasons constantly given me to believe that most of the prisoners would be soon removed from this city. Within the last few days the number of sick have been reduced to 800 by parole and within a few days the flag-truce boat will return and carry off 600 more. I did all I could by proper supply of officers and directions to them to avoid imputation that the medical department could legitimately be considered as compromised by or responsible for the existing regulations adopted by the necessities of military law. The medical officers were directed to show the sick and wounded Federals all kindness and consideration, and to give them all the care possible under the circumstances.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. CARRINGTON,

Medical Director.

NOTE. -When the three hospital buildings were separate Confederate hospitals they contained 650 beds, room being left for store-rooms, kitchens, apothecary shops, mess-rooms, dining-rooms, bath-rooms, and offices. The officers' portion of the hospital also contained more than 100 beds, making 750 beds.

W. A. C.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE,

Richmond, November 20, 1863.

Surg. J. WILKINS, in Charge of General Hospital, Numbers 21:

SIR: I fear that you have not proper accommodation for the sick and wounded under your charge. Please report the number of cubic feet now allowed each patient. I wish you to visit, with Captain Turner, the Texas Hospital, from which the sick and wounded have been removed, and report whether it can be well guarded and is otherwise eligible as a prison hospital.

Very respectfully,

WM. A. CARRINGTON,

Medical Director.

[Inclosure Numbers 2-A.]

GENERAL HOSPITAL Numbers 21,

Richmond, Va., November 21, 1863.

Surg. W. A. CARRINGTON, Medical Director, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: In reply to your communication of the 20th instant I have the honor to submit the following report:

Hospital Numbers 21 contains 17,600 cubic feet. At this date there are 430 patients under treatment in said hospital, being about 410 cubic feet to the man. Hospital Numbers 22 contains 11,400 cubic feet. two hundred and seventy-two patients are now under treatment, there being about 408 cubic feet to the man. The Second Alabama Hospital contains the same number cubic feet as Hospital Numbers 22, allowing 800 cubic feet to the man. The three hospitals will accommodate about

