
connection of trains, and in some instances prevent the return of the guards to this point in time for their next tour of duty. The sick have usually been delivered to the provost-marshal, Augusta, whose receipts, where time has been allowed to obtain them, have been forwarded to Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond. The list sent, though incomplete, is as perfect as could be obtained by reference to the various hospitals to which the sick had been transferred. I would also respectfully beg leave to state that on several occasions discrepancies have occurred between the number I have receipted for and the number delivered by my guard at Andersonville, Ga. This is owing to the crowded state of the cars (as many as seventy-one being some times placed in an ordinary box-car) and the imperfect means at my command for lighting them, which renders accurate counting at night very difficult.

Very respectfully,

F. T. MILES,

Captain, Commanding Guard, Branchville, S. C.

HOUSTON, March 24, 1864.

Major SPARKS or

COMMANDING OFFICER, Austin:

I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to say that for fear the troops from Gonzales may not reach Austin in time to escort the political prisoners to this city you are directed to send the prisoners to Houston without delay, using as a guard the detachment of men which formed their escort from San Antonio to Austin (Sneed's detachment), and in addition to this such available force as you may have at your disposal. The major-general is surprised to learn that these prisoners should have been allowed to pass out of the hands of the military authorities, as the habeas corpus act has been suspended in this case. The major-general commanding is of opinion that the prisoners should always have been under a military guard when not actually before court, and that even in this last case proper military arrangements should have been made to prevent an escape from the court-house. As the habeas corpus act in the case of these prisoners has been legally suspended under the act of Congress, and the same has been communicated to you, you will cause these prisoners to be taken in charge by a military guard, and have them sent under the same, in charge of good and reliable officers, to Houston, specific instructions being given by you that no efforts be spared to insure their safe delivery to the provost-marshal at this place. Military jurisdiction will be assumed at once in the case of these men, whether the case has been entered into or not, and they will be sent to Houston forthwith.

E. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C., March 25, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: On the 10th ultimo Major-General Butler, in a telegram to yourself, made an accusation against me of having made "gross misrepresentations" to you, and on the 19th of the month, in a communication to yourself, he accuses me of disingenuousness.

