
arrived here on the evening of that day with a lot of Confederate officers, and was reported by the officer who came in charge as being a doctor.

Sergt. Edwin Young then presented a written statement, which was duly examined by the Board, and is appended to these proceedings as a document marked A.

The Board would respectfully submit the foregoing evidence and statement as all the facts and circumstances bearing upon the case in question.

CHAS. E. HAPGOOD,

Colonel Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers, President.

H. Q. SARGENT,

Lieutenant, Twelfth New Hampshire Volunteers, Recorder.

The Board having no further business before it then adjourned sine die.

CHAS. E. HAPGOOD,

Colonel Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers, President.

H. Q. SARGENT,

Lieutenant, Twelfth New Hampshire Volunteers, Recorder.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLUNTEERS,Point Lookout, Md., March 25, 1864-10 a. m.

The Board reassembled pursuant to the following order:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT MARY'S DISTRICT, Numbers 82. Point Lookout, Md., March 24, 1864.

The board of officers detailed by order of March 21, 1864, to investigate and report the facts and circumstances connected with the shooting of a Confederate officer, a prisoner of war, by Sergt. Edwin Young, Company A, Second New Hampshire Volunteers, on the 20th instant, will reassemble at this post on the 25th instant at 10 o'clock in the forenoon to report the facts and circumstances connected with the shooting of said officer which they may find established by the evidence taken.

By command of Brigadier General G. Marston:

J. N. PATTERSON,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Present: Colonel Charles E. Hapgood, Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers; Major Samuel P. Sayles, Second New Hampshire Volunteers; Lieutenant H. Q. Sargent, Twelfth New Hampshire Volunteers.

In accordance with the foregoing orders the Board proceeded to deliberate upon the evidence adduced, from which it appears that the following facts are established, viz:

That Private L. R. Peyton, of Duke's regiment, a prisoner of war, was shot to death while in the camp for Confederate officer at this post at about the hour of 5 o'clock on the evening of the 20th of March, 1864, by a pistol slug or ball, which pistol was in the hands of Sergt. Edwin Young, Company A, Second New Hampshire Volunteers, said sergeant being on duty at this time in said camp, and the Sergeant Young was urged to this act by profane and insulting language and violent gestures by the said Peyton.

It further appears that the said Peyton, prisoner of war, arrived at this post in the afternoon of the same day that he was shot; that he had drank liquor on the boat from Baltimore to this place on that day, but at the time of the occurrence of the case in question it does not appear that he was under the influence of liquor sufficient to affect his judgment.

It is also evident that the language and gestures used by Peyton were unprovoked by any act or word of Sergeant Young, and further more that Sergeant Young possesses a mild temper and that his treatment of prisoners of war has been uniformly kind.

