
revolver. I immediately did so, he taking Captain Peyton by the arm to lead him off, and I turned to go away, but he followed me, and shaking his fist at me telling me I did not dare shoot, and was a coward. I immediately drew my revolver and told him I would, immediately upon which he threw open his coat, and placing himself in a defiant position dared me to shoot, upon which I cocked my revolver and fired, the ball taking effect upon his person, when he immediately fell. As soon as I saw the effect of the shot I hastened to report to the officer of the guard, but seeing the officer of the day (Captain Sanborn), Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers, reported to him that I had shot a Confederate officer in the discharge of my duty. He said, "All very well," and he immediately went to ascertain the facts.

After informing Captain Sanborn I immediately proceeded to headquarters and reported to General Marston in person, stating to him the particulars of the case. He told me to go back and continue in the discharge of my duties, which I did, and have continued to do to the best of my abilities both before and since the unfortunate occurrence, and an investigation having been ordered in regard to it, I have thought proper to offer you the within truthful statement, to which I am willing and ready to swear to, and believing that you will give it a proper investigation and relying upon your justice, I have the honor to subscribe myself,

Yours, respectfully,

EDWIN YOUNG,

Second Sergeant Company A, Second New Hampshire Volunteers.

Sworn and subscribed to before me this 23rd day of March, 1864, at Point Lookout, Md.

H. Q. SARGENT,

Lieutenant and Judge-Advocate, General Court-Martial.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 30, 1864.

Respectfully submitted for the information of the Secretary of War. The circumstances as shown by the proceedings of the board of officers fully justify the act of Sergeant Young. While in the execution of his office he was grossly insulted and defied by a prisoner of war, and it was only after this was persisted in without provocation that he was compelled to vindicate himself and the position he held in a manner which resulted so seriously to the offender.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Second indorsement.]

GENERAL [HITCHCOCK]: This does not appear satisfactory to me. In the relation that existed between the sergeant and unarmed prisoner, the killing was, in my judgment, entirely unjustifiable.

The sergeant should be put on his trial for murder.

ED. R. S. CANBY.

[Third indorsement.]

WASHINGTON, March 31, 1864.

It is of vital importance that guards over prisoners of war should be protected in the execution of their duty.

