
French reported another train had just arrived, containing well and wounded prisoners, paroled and non-paroled together, of whom it was necessary to send all who could travel to Fort McHenry. A medical officer was immediately sent to make the selections, which duty is not yet completed.

The difficulty lies, first, in sending mixed parties of prisoners without notifications (which is beyond the control of this office), and, secondly, the failure of the railroad company to transfer the men to their proper destination, which this office can only remedy by the continuance of representations similar to those it has repeatedly made already.

For those wounded who are now in Fort McHenry it will require, I presume, the authority of the commanding general for their transfer to West's Hospital.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. SIMPSON,

Surgeon, U. S. Army, Medical Director.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., July 13, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE SANGSTER,

Commanding Camp Parole, Annapolis, Md.:

COLONEL: If any paroled men have reported to you whose paroles are dated since the 22nd of May last, their paroles are not valid and you will immediately send them, under the charge of a suitable officer and guard, to report to the provost-marshal-general, Army of the Potomac. Send the usual rolls and papers with them, and a copy of the roll to this office. If there are no men at the camp paroled since the 22nd of May report the fact.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

P. S. -Men not belonging to the Army of the Potomac will be sent to the armies to which they belong.

W. H.

FORT MONROE, July 13, 1863.

Colonel J. C. KELTON, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Did General Grant parole the officers at Vicksburg, and what is the whole number of officers and men captured?

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

WASHINGTON, July 13, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel LUDLOW, Fort Monroe:

The officer and men captured at Vicksburg are being paroled. The number has not yet been reported by General Grant.

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

