
made, and the Government would retaliate for any severe measures inflicted upon him.

It is my honest belief, sir, that wicked man Butler never intended, from the first, that Major Burroughs should escape with his life, and he was scrupulous of no means by which he might get rid of him. I appeal to you, sir, if such an outrage should pass by unnoticed by the Confederate Government? Shall a faithful soldier be imprisoned and murdered whenever it suits the whims and caprices of an implacable foe, and these Confederate States, which have won the admiration of the world abroad, how in humble submission to the will of its enemies at home? I hope not, and pray, in justice to the honored dead and those who may yet fall the victims of Butler and his truckling slaves, that some steps may be taken to retaliate for this wanton act, and stop the murder of our gallant men in future.

Justice to a fallen brother is the apology I offer for intruding this letter upon the responsibilities of your position.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. BURROUGHS,

Lieutenant of Artillery, C. S. Army.

[First indorsement.]

APRIL 3, 1864.

Commissioner OULD:

Have you other information in reference to this case of alleged barbarity? Have any representations or inquiries been made by you respecting it?

J. A. S.

[Second indorsement.]

APRIL 5, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Honorable Secretary of War.

General Butler represents that a regular military inquiry was made into the circumstances attending Major B. 's death. He promises to furnish a copy of the record in the case. He insists that Major B. was shot at the window, while he was attempting an escape, and after he believes Major B was in delirium at the time. He further says the sentinel's act, though censurable, was not such as should subject him to punishment. When the record is furnished I will present it to the Honorable Secretary.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

OFFICE C. S. MILITARY PRISONS,

Richmond, March 28, 1864.

Major THOMAS P. TURNER, Commanding, &amp;c.:

MAJOR: I beg leave respectfully to report that this morning about 7 o'clock a Federal prisoner was shot and killed by a sentry on post Numbers 2, Crew's Building. The facts of the case are comprised in the following statements of Lieutenant Watson and Privates Rule and James, to which I respectfully call your attention:

Statement of Lieutenant Watson, Company A, Nineteenth Virginia Battalion:

Was around the corner when I heard the report of a gun; came back and asked the sentry on post Numbers 2 if he had, but did not know whether he had hit him or not; went upstairs and found the prisoner dying. The ball

