
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., March 29, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of inspection of the U. S. military prisons and hospital at this post. There has been but little change in either since my last inspection. The police is slight. I improved in both prisons. The civilian who was in charge of the Myrtle Street Prison has been removed, and a commissioned officer placed in charge. The Gratiot street building is being patched up, though this General Rosecrans thinks of but little use, and is of opinion that it will be necessary to erect a new prison. Indeed, I believe that he has already taken steps toward the erection of prison barracks at Jefferson Barracks, some nine miles below the city. This, if done, will certainly be a much-needed improvement. The Myrtle Street Prison is still greatly overcrowded. The morning report for March 28 shows 163 prisoners in the Myrtle Street, and 520 in the Gratiot Street Prison. Smallpox has made its appearance here since the date of my last of the guard coming from the Myrtle Street Prison. Where he contracted the disease is not known. Cases, as fast as they manifest themselves, are transferred to the pest-house connected with the U. S. general hospital, on Quarantine Island, about three miles below the city. Forty-three cases of the disease have already occurred, but the daily number of cases of the disease have already occurred, but the daily number of cases is diminishing, and the type of disease in a majority of the cases is a mild one. Two fresh cases occurred on the 27th and two on 28th instant. The present number of sick in hospital is 144. The report for the month ending February 29, 1864, is as follows: Aggregate sick,311; returned to quarters,149; escaped,3; died,22; remaining 137. Percentage of deaths to aggregate sick, . 071. The hospital is in as good condition as can be expected from the faulty condition of the building and its surroundings. I omitted to mention that vaccination is strictly enforced, although the surgeon in charge informs me that it is frequently insufficient, owing to the nearly inert vaccine matter supplied by the medical purveyor. The matter has been represented to the surgeon-general's office, and more efficient vaccine matter will no doubt be speedily supplied. This is but a brief report, but it covers all the changes occurring since the date of my last report.

Respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. CLARK,

Surgeon and Acting Medical Inspector of Prisoners of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 128. Washington, March 30, 1864.

By the President of the United States of America:

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas, it has become necessary to define the cases in which insurgent enemies are entitled to the benefits of the Proclamation of the President of the United

