
would otherwise be a necessary and proper charge against the Government. On the same account is a charge $1,950 for the purchase of blankets. Such articles are furnished by the Quartermaster's Department, and as there is now a large quantity of inferior blankets on hand, only suitable to issue to prisoners, it is not advisable or economical to purchase others. At the end of February there was on hand in money some $6,000, and to avoid having too large a sum in the hands of the treasurer I respectfully request that only so much of the savings be converted into money as will suffice to meet current expenses, leaving the remainder as a credit for savings in the hands of the commissary. The prison fund at Point Lookout, Md., now held as a credit by the commissary, is very large which must be attributed to your judicious management of the issues and savings of rations, and I am now anxious that it shall be so accumulated that any inquiries which may be made may be very satisfactorily answered.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 30, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Five hundred prisoners are ordered from Alton, East. When they leave the excess at Saint Louis will be transferred there.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 30, 1864.

Colonel A. J. JOHNSON,

Commanding Depot Prisoners of War, Rock Island, Ill.:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 20th instant inquiring as to the propriety of permitting prisoners to purchase clothing is received. Since my letter of the 13th, communicating the list of articles which prisoners are permitted to purchase, they have been granted the further privilege of receiving from friends such articles of clothing of a certain character as may be necessary, and there is therefore no objection to their being permitted to purchase for themselves such clothing under same circumstances, provided in each case the articles are furnished on your written order by the person who is appointed to sell to the prisoners. He will not be permitted to keep an assortment of clothing on hand but will fill each order as it is presented.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS POST, Numbers 9. Andersonville, March 30, 1864.

J. C. Sellman, acting adjutant of the post commander, is hereby relieved from duty. He will report for assignment to Captain H. Wirz, commander of the interior.

By order of A. W. Persons, colonel commanding:

[E. M. TURNER,

Captain and Adjutant.]

