
[Second indorsement.]

RICHMOND, VA., April 1, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to His Excellency Governor Smith through Brigadier-General Winder. The prisoners are in Eastern District Prison.

IS. H. CARRINGTON,

Provost-Marshal.

[Inclosure.]

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

Harrisonburg, March 29, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. IMBODEN, Commanding Valley District:

GENERAL: I have in my guard-house four prisoners, captured in Bath, Morgan County, W. Va., by Major O'Ferrall on his recent trip to that place, viz: Aaron Bechtol and Joseph S. Wheat, members of the bogus Virginia Legislature; Robert Finn and S. M. Shrives, members of the Union League. I respectfully refer you to Mr. C. A. Swann and Major Buck, very respectable and reliable citizens of Morgan County, who have had to leave their homes partly on account of these very men, for information respecting them. Major Buck has informed me that the first named, Aaron Bechtol, headed a party of Yankees who stole and destroyed a large amount of his property. You will please indicate what disposition shall be made of them.

I am, general, very truly, your obedient servant,

J. R. NUNN,

Lieutenant and Provost-Marshal.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT, March 29, 1864.

Lieutenant Nunn, provost-marshal at Harrisonburg, will forward Bechtol and Wheat, members of the bogus Legislature at Wheeling, and Finn, the bogus Commonwealth's attorney of Morgan County, to Richmond to His Excellency Governor Smith, as these men are guilty of treason against the State. Shrives will be sent to Castle Thunder on the charge of aiding and abetting the public enemy and being a member of a treasonable organization known as the Union League. I earnestly request the authorities at Richmond not to release these men without giving me the opportunity of proving their offenses.

J. D. IMBODEN,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, March 31, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM H. LUDLOW,

Asst. Insp. General, Dept. of the East, New York City, N. Y.:

COLONEL: In reply to your letter of the 5th instant, stating that the whole of the correspondence between Mr. Ould and yourself previous to the 14th of January last and much of it since that date, does not appear in the publication of the U. S. Senate on the subject of the exchange of prisoners, the Secretary of War instructs me to inform you that all of the correspondence furnished by General Meredith to the commissioner of exchange was communicated to the Senate in response to the "call" on the subject.

