
as on special parole from Libby Prison for the purpose of effecting his exchange for four named rebel prisoners now in our hands, but the designated individuals cannot be delivered for him, they being of different grades. At the same time the Secretary desires that a prisoner of war in our hands of ranks or grade corresponding to that of Major Kelley be offered for him, and that this may be done as speedily as possible on account of the limited character of Major Kelley's parole. I am also directed to request you will report for the information of the Secretary of War what action you may be able to take on this case and the result.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

FORT MONROE, VA., March 31, 1864.

Honorable G. V. FOX, Assistant Secretary of Navy:

SIR: I am directed by the commanding general to inform you that in a personal interview with Mr. Ould, Confederate agent for exchange of prisoners, he was assured by him that neither Lieutenant-Commander Williams, Ensign Porter, nor any of our men, are held in irons by the Confederate authorities at this time.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. R. SHAFFER,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY STATION,Alton, Ill., March 31, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN:

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have made a renewed inspection of the U. S. military prison at this post. I find some difficulty existing between the commanding officer and the surgeon in charge of the hospital in reference to the management of the hospital and sanitary affairs of the prison. The surgeon states that for five days, March 11 to 15, the commanding officer refused to sign the provision return for the patients in the hospital, who were, in consequence, without food for that time, excepting an insufficient supply obtained from meal to meal from the prison mess-room. I have called for a report on the above matter from the surgeon in charge, and also requested one from Colonel Weer, commanding, but as I cannot obtain these reports for several days, I shall start to-night for Rock Island, thence to Chicago, and return here from the latter place. There are five Sisters of Charity on duty as nurses in the prison hospital, placed there by the commandant of the prison. There are but five cases of smallpox now at this post, and these are convalescent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. CLARK,

Surgeon and Acting Medical Inspector of Prisoners of War.

