
APPENDIX.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA

Fort Monroe, July 16, 1863.

Honorable ROBERT OULD, Agent for Exchange of Prisoners:

SIR: I am directed to inform you that Brigadier General W. H. [F.] Lee and another officer not below the rank of captain, and whose name I will send to you by the next flag of truce, have been selected as hostages for Captain H. W. Sawyer, First New Jersey Cavalry, and Captain John M. Flinn, Fifty-first Regiment Indiana Volunteers, whom you inform me have been chosen by lot for execution. Upon information being received of the execution by order of your authorities, of these officers or any other officers or men in the service of the United States not guilty of crimes punishable with death by the laws of war, the Confederate officers above named will be immediately hung in retaliation, without giving you other or further notice.

I am directed further to inform you that the United States Government will proceed to retaliate for every similar barbarous violation of the laws of civilized war.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

Report of the special committee to inquire into certain outrages of the enemy. *

The special committee, charged by a resolution of the House to ascertain and report the facts connected with the recent outrages alleged to have been perpetrated in the northeastern part of North Carolina by the armed forces of the United States, and to recommend such action as the dignity of the Confederate States should demand, submit he following report:

The committee have taken several depositions, and collected such further evidence as was accessible, for the purpose of obtaining a correct knowledge of the matters referred to them. This evidence is now presented to the House, with a brief outline of the facts proved.

In the month of December last, a large force of negro soldiers, in the service of the United States, and under command of Brigadier General Edward A. Wild, invaded the county of Pasquotank. While there they arrested a citizen of the county (Daniel Bright) at his own residence and hung him on the side of the public road, a few miles north of Elizabeth City. Upon his back, where he was suspended, was placed a placard with the following words:

This guerrilla hanged by order of Brigadier-General Wild. Daniel Bright, of Pasquotank County.

---------------

*Without date, but probably submitted between the 10th and 17th of February, 1864.

---------------

