
Major Gregory was released afterward and returned, not to his home, for that was destroyed, but to his friends, only to die from a paralysis with which he was stricken while a prisoner in the enemy's hands.

The committee invite attention to the minute account of the acts of this marauding expedition, contained in a letter written at Norfolk, December 28, to the New York Daily News, manifestly prepared by one familiar with its acts. They insert a brief extract only:

Negroes were permitted to curse and abuse defenseless ladies, to strip them of their jewelry and clothing, and offer them indignities which would offend delicacy to repeat. A small Confederate force captured two of his negroes, in a skirmish, and for this he outraged all the laws of civilized war. He arrested two ladies of high character, permitted a brutal negro soldiery to tie them hand and foot (as I believe and am credibly informed), and kept them in this condition for two days and nights; brought them to Norfolk, and now keeps them confined in a close room. There he holds them as hostages for the return of his negroes.

The committee find that both companies which the Federal officer designates as "guerrillas," commanded, the one by Captain Elliott, the other by Captain Sanderlin, were raised in those counties, under authority of the Governor of North Carolina, for local defense and to repel invasions; were duly organized, and their officers commissioned by him; and for a year or more had been in the regular service of that State. At the time referred to they had been attached to, and formed part of, the Sixty-sixth North Carolina Regiment, under command of Colonel James W. Hinton.

The committee content themselves with reporting the evidence to the House with a short explanatory statement. The original letters and placard referred to are before them, and are submitted with this report. They forbear comment. It would add no force to the simple narrative of facts.

W. N. H. SMITH,

Chairman.

[Inclosure.]

VIRGINIA, CITY OF RICHMOND:

This 10th day of February, 1864, personally appears William J. Munden, a citizen of Pasquotank County, N. C., who deposes and says as follows:

Affiant is first lieutenant in Company E, Sixty-sixth North Carolina Troops, under command of Colonel James W. Hinton, and in the service of said State of North Carolina. Captain J. T. Elliott commands Company E. This company has been in service about a year, more recently has been made part of Sixty-sixth Regiment. A portion of Company E made prisoners of a negro, a private in a regiment called "Fifth U. S. Colored," in service of the United States. This regiment was part of a force of the enemy invading the county of Pasquotank, and this capture was made on or about December 11, 1863.

Affiant's family was at his home in that county about five miles distant from the town of Elizabeth City. On the afternoon of same day affiant's wife, Phoebe Munden, was arrested at her home and brought to Elizabeth City. She was then confined in a room over a store with some fifteen or twenty others, of whom all but herself and another lady, Mrs. Elizabeth Weeks, wife of Pender Weeks, were men. Both ladies were tied by their hands and feet and detained three days, and were liberated only temporarily and to satisfy the calls of nature. When permitted to leave for this purpose they were accompanied by a negro guard, who stood over them with muskets, and they were compelled to

