
from Memphis, Tenn. Rolls of these men will be forwarded as soon as they can be prepared. We have now in this prison about 1,500 prisoners, a number far too great for comfortable accommodation during the warm weather. In reference to this subject the following is an extract from the report of the medical inspector who inspected this prison on the 29th of May last:

That the capacity of the prison be considered as not greater than 1,000 and that not more than that number be confined at once time.

I have the honor to be, sir, with much respect, your most obedient servant,

T. HENDRICKSON,

Major Third Infantry, Commandant of Prison.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, July 13, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM H. LUDLOW, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: I have declared exchanged Lieutenant-General Pemberton; Major-Generals Forney, M. L. Smith, and Bowen; Brigadier-Generals Barton, Lee, Cumming, Moore, Hebert, Baldwin, Vaughn, and Shoup; Colonels Reynolds, Waul, and Cockrell, and Brigadier-General Harris, of the Missouri militia, all of whom were recently captured and paroled at Vicksburg. You can take the equivalents out of the officers captured and paroled by us at Chancellorsville, or from privates, as you prefer.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, July 13, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM H. LUDLOW, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: Your communication of the 7th instant in relation to stripping prisoners of their blankets, clothing, &amp;c., has been appropriately referred. When the report is made I will furnish you with it.

In the meantime allow me to say that the complaint comes with very poor grace from your side. Confederate soldiers, East and West, have not only been 'stripped" of their clothing, but have been robbed of the articles which they were invited to purchase.

As to the first point, see the correspondence between General Churchill and Colonel Hoffman; and as to the latter, ask any honest official around you who may be familiar with the doings of your provost guard at Fortress Monroe.

Your people do worse than rob Confederate soldiers of their needful clothing. You take away their health and strength. You yourself see the living wrecks that come from Fort Delaware-men who went into that cruel keep, hale and robust, men inured to almost every form of hardship and proof against everything except the regiment of that horrible prison.

General Bragg has already responded to the charges against him. You certainly must have forgotten his answer to the very complaint you now make.

He stated that his course was in retaliation for the course pursued by your troops and people in forcibly taking away from Confederate

8 R R-SERIES II, VOL VI

