
do this in a public street. They were then carried off, their bonds untied, with the enemy's forces. The wrists of affiant's wife were bleeding from the stricture of the rope with which she was tied when she left. Mrs. Munden was taken from her three children, of which the oldest is about ten and the youngest four years of age, and no white person left with them. A young woman who lived in the family made her escape. A friend went there to take care of them at night. When carried off she was allowed to carry no change of clothes nor any night clothes. When confined in the room at Elizabeth City the ladies were compelled to sleep on the naked floor without bed or bedclothes or other covering, and without fire. About the third night Dr. W. G. Pool prevailed on the officer of the enemy to permit blankets to be carried in, and after some delay consent was obtained. Neither of these ladies have returned, but, so far as affiant knows or can hear, are kept still in confinement. While at Elizabeth City, when Mrs. Munden would complain of her treatment, she has been cursed and told she would be hung.

Mrs. Munden is about thirty-five years of age, and, as also affiant, are natives of Pasquotank County. Her health is not vigorous. Affiant and Mr. Weeks addressed a letter to General B. F. Butler in relation to the arrest and detention of their wives, and received answer, the papers herewith filed, marked A. *

The facts stated are detailed by witnesses who know them of highest respectability, and are implicitly credited by affiant. During this invasion the enemy under Brigadier-General Wild hung Daniel Bright, burnt affiant's house and all it contained, stables, crop, and nearly everything on the premises. They also burnt the house of William T. White, a commissary to Company E, before it was attached to the regiment and afterward. They also burnt a barn of corn, wheat, and other things belonging to Ed. Jennings, a citizen not connected with any military organization. They also, as affiant hears, burnt some six or seven houses in Camden County. Among others arrested was Major Gregory, about seventy years old, who, while gone, became paralyzed and died soon after his release and return home. All his property was also destroyed by fire. The above facts are all true so far as within affiant's knowledge, which he verily believes to be true.

W. J. MUNDEN.

Sworn to and subscribed before me.

W. N. H. SMITH,

Chairman.

NORTHWEST LANDING, VA., Tuesday, December 22, 1863.

WILLIS SANDERLIN, Captain of Guerrillas:

SIR: I hold Major Gregory as a hostage for the colored soldier captured near Shiloh. I shall treat him exactly as your people treat that soldier. If they hang him I shall hang Major Gregory. And you know by this time that I keep my word. Let the soldier be sent to Deep Creek village at the end of Dismal Swamp Canal, and Major Gregory shall be at once restored.

EDW. A. WILD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

---------------

*For Butler's letter, see p. 877. Letter of Munden and Weeks not found.

---------------

