
BALTIMORE, July 14, 1863.

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

General Schoepf telegraphs me that he has now 9,040 prisoners of war at Fort Delaware, and cannot receive any more.

ROBT C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, July 14, 1863.

Honorable ROBERT OULD, Agent for Exchange of Prisoners:

SIR: I decline to unite with you in your declaration of the exchange of the officers named by you in your communication of the 13th instant, just received, and who form a part of those captured at Vicksburg.

In violation of the cartel you now hold in close confinement many of our officers, though their release was long ago demanded and their equivalents tendered to you. You even permitted these equivalents to be sent back to Fort Monroe from City Point. In this position of affairs and being in entire ignorance of what you propose to do with our officers now in your hands, I must decline any special arrangements until we meet. This meeting, with your consent, will take place as soon as I shall have received the paroles of the Vicksburg captures. Please, therefore, notify the officers named by you that their exchange cannot be recognized by our authorities until the declarations be united in by me.

In making arrangements with you for exchanges of paroles of officers I shall expect to exhaust equivalents of equal rank before we take up those of higher rank.

To settle all difficulties connected with exchange of officers I again invite you to a return to the cartel, and if you refuse I again ask you why such refusal?

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

P. S. -The declaration of exchange made by you on the 2nd instant leaves you in debt to me between 800 and 900 men. Please make no more declaration until we meet.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., July 14, 1863.

Major I. H. CARRINGTON:

SIR: You are hereby appointed a commissioner and directed to report to General Winder, and under his supervision to proceed to examine such persons as are held in custody in the city of Richmond on charges affecting their loyalty to the Confederate States, making report thereon through General Winder to this Department.

Your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, July 14, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that there are some Federal prisoners in this department whose cases present some important

