
CLEVELAND, OHIO, July 15, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Vallandigham arrive at the Clifton House to-day. He issued an address to Democracy of Ohio. Attempt was made to telegraph it to Chicago Times, but I thought proper to refuse it. The address commences as follows:

Arrested and confined for three weeks in United States as a prisoner of state; banished thence to the Confederate States, and thence held as an alien enemy and prisoner of war on parole, fairly and honorably dealt with and given leave to depart-an act possible only by running the blockade-I found myself first a free man when on British soil, and to-day under protection of the British flag. I am here to enjoy, and in heart to exercise, the privileges and rights which usurpers insolently deny me at home. The shallow contrivance of the weak despots at Washington and their advisers have been defeated. Nay, it has been turned against them, and I, who for two years was maligned as in secret league with the Confederate, having refused when in their midst, under circumstances the most favorable, either to identify myself with their cause, or even so much as to remain, preferring rather exile in a foreign land, &amp;c.

A. STAGER.

[JULY 15, 1863. -For Davis to Johsnton, stating purpose to "insist on immediate discharge" of Vicksburg paroled prisoners and their return to duty, see Series I, Vol. XXIV, Part I, p. 202.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., July 16, 1863.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to the instructions of the General-in-Chief, I have selected by lot one of the captains held as prisoners of war in the Old Capitol Prison to be placed in close confinement. The lot fell upon Captain R. H. Tyler, Eighth Virginia Infantry, and I have communicated to General Martindale the general's orders to place him in close confinement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONER,

Washington, D. C., July 16, 1863.

Brigadier General O. B. WILLCOX,

Commanding, Indianapolis, Ind.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose an extract* from a report by a medical inspector on the condition of the hospital at Camp Morton, and I respectfully request you will give such orders as will insure a better condition of the hospital and camp, so far as any improvement is practicable. When Camp Morton was first occupied by prisoners of war an extension to the city hospital was constructed for their benefit capable of receiving 300 patients, and as nothing is said about it in this report I am led to believe that it has been appropriated to other uses. Will you please inform me on this point; and unless there is

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

