
some sufficient obstacle in the way, have the building used for the purpose for which it was erected.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., July 16, 1863.

Major T. HENDRICKSON,

Commanding Military Prison, Alton, Ill.:

MAJOR: Your two letters of the 11th instant have been received. The citizen prisoners captured in Tensas Parish, La., referred to in one of these letters, will be placed on the lists for exchange, and the purchase of clothing for the destitute female prisoners mentioned in the other letter will be paid for out of the prison fund. All expenditures for such articles as may be necessary for prisoners and not otherwise provided for will be purchased and paid for out of that fund.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH ALABAMA,July 16, 1863.

Brigadier General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding District of Corinth:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Colonel Roddey to inform you that he is now prepared to exchange for the men of Colonel Forrest's regiment captured by your forces a few days ago. Captain Spencer thought there were about forty. If you are willing to make the exchange please send list of prisoners you have on hand and suggest the time and place of meeting, so that the time is not less than five days from this date.

The colonel is very anxious that men of his command be retained by you for exchange so as to save the traveling so far around, especially those who are feeble and unable to travel. He furthermore is willing to return the favor whenever practicable.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. M. WINDES,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SECESSIONVILLE, July 16, 1863.

Captain NANCE:

Thirteen prisoners Fifty-fourth Massachusetts, black. What shall I do with them? They say that there are eight regiments on the lower part of Legare's plantation, six white, two black. The black regiments are Fifty-fourth Massachusetts and Second South Carolina. Montgomery commands on James Island. Gillmore's headquarters are at Campbell's house on Folly Island. There are 15,000 troops in his command, of which two regiments are left at Beaufort, the balance before Charleston. Two of the prisoners are refugee slaves, the balance free.

JOHNSON HAGOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

