
Pelouze, assistant adjutant-general at Fort Monroe, who will communicate the order to Major Mulford.

I am, very respectfully,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

P. S. -Please inform me of arrangements, &amp;c. I shall be here until the 24th; after that date at West Point.

W. H. L.

CITY POINT, July 19, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM H. LUDLOW, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: One of the political prisoners sent by the New York on her present trip, Mr. John Glenn, I have refused to receive. In an interview with him he declares that he is a citizen of Maryland; that he owes allegiance to the United States; that he owes none to the Confederate States, and will refuse to take any oath of allegiance to the same. I shall continue to refuse any person who holds the same doctrine. It is therefore useless for you to send such.

Respectfully,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

MILITARY PRISON, Alton, Ill., July 19, 1863.

Colonel W. B. MASON, Seventy-seventh Ohio Volunteers, Alton, Ill.:

COLONEL: I have information from a reliable source that the Confederate prisoners confined in this prison have it in contemplation upon the first favorable opportunity some dark night to attempt their escape by overpowering the guard or by some other means which may appear to them most feasible. To guard against the possible success of any such scheme on the part of the prisoners, I have to suggest that the prison guard may be increased by the addition of one subaltern and twenty-five men, to report to the officer of the day at sundown this evening, and that this increase to the guard may be continued so long as the prison is full, as it is at present.

I am, sir, with much respect, your most obedient servant,

T. HENDRICKSON,

Major, U. S. Army, Commanding the Prison.

JOHNSON'S ISLAND, July 19, 1863.

Major PIERSON, Commanding Post:

MAJOR: We, the undersigned, desire to make the following statement of facts and call your attention to the same:

April 26, 1863, General Marmaduke, of the Confederate Army, attacked the post of Cape Girardeau, Mo., then held by General John McNeil, as commander and ranking officer of the U. S. forces there. We, with a Captain Woodsmall and First Lieutenant William H. Ferrill, were wounded and left in General McNeil's hands as prisoners, thus making one major, two lieutenants, and one captain held by General McNeil. General Marmaduke in retreating captured one major and three captains, which in the course of a week he sent to Cape Girardeau under a flag of truce, and proffered to exchange them for his wounded officers.

