
than Mr. Clark. He has been at the place. I advise that the estimates and plans be prepared by him immediately. The slightest sketch will enable us to begin the work on a system and increase it as may be necessary.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, July 20, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a list* of rebel prisoners of war captured by the forces under Major-General Sherman and paroled by his order at Jackson, Miss.

Rolls of paroled prisoners of war cannot be used in making exchanges unless there is on them the receipt of the authorized agent or officer who receives them, and as there is nothing on these rolls to show that the rebel authorities had any knowledge of the transaction they are of no value. General Orders, No. 49, of February 28, and the subsequent order (Numbers 100) prescribe the mode of paroling, which does not seem to have been followed in this case.

Paragraph 2, General Orders, No. 207, applies particularly to cases of this kind.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., July 20, 1863.

Brigadier General W. A. HAMMOND,

Surgeon-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: It will probably be necessary at the hospitals designated for rebel prisoners of war to issue clothing to the, and to provide for such a case I have the honor to request you will instruct the surgeon in charge to be governed by the accompanying regulations in making their estimates for clothing and in their issues. # The estimates may be made by telegram if necessary. Allow me to request also you will direct that so far as they are applicable the other paragraphs of these regulations be put in force. I will forward to the two hospitals blank rolls and returns.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, July 20, 1863. ##

Major JOHN E. MULFORD, Assistant Agent of Exchange:

SIR: I will thank you to inform me if Captain E. G. De Jarnette is held in any other condition than as a prisoner of war. He is regularly held in any other condition than as a prisoner of war. He is regularly in the Confederate service and was on duty in his uniform when captured. He was acting in obedience to orders from his superior officer.

---------------

*Omitted.

#See Vol. IV, this series, p. 152.

##Void; see Vol. VII, this series, p. 477.

---------------

