SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, Numbers 197. Baltimore, MD., July 22, 1863.

I. The following regulations for providing more fully the wants of prisoners of war are adopted, and the provost-marshal, Eighth Army Corps, is charged with the duty of securing their observance:

II. Such articles of food may be admitted into the jail for the sick as may be recommended by the surgeon in charge, to be used under his direction.

III. The surgeon in charge will be careful to report to the medical director for transfer to the general hospital any case among the sick requiring more careful treatment than can be given at the jail.

IV. Prisoners to be organized into squads of convenient size to be under the charge of one of their number, through whom they will communicate their wants, and will have charge of the police.

V. Prisoners may write letters to their friends on domestic matters, the letters to be open.

VI. Such articles of underclothing, shirts, drawers, and socks, to be allowed to the prisoners as may be necessary to insure cleanliness.

By command of Major-General Shenck:

W. H. CHESEBROUGH,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, July 22, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON, Enterprise, Miss.:

GENERAL: The within papers are communicated to you, and through you to the other officers concerned, that they may see exactly the grounds on which the unwarrantable objection taken by the Federal commissioner to the terms of their exchange is rested. I have only to add that in the judgment of the President the exchange has been right-fully effected according to the true construction of the cartel, and the officers are discharged from the obligation of their parole.

Your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

Memorandum. -Contents of papers inclosed.

First. Declaration by Mr. Ould, commissioner for exchange of prisoners, July 13, 1863. *

Second. Communication on the subject from Mr. Ould to Colonel Ludlow, Federal agent and commissioner, July 13, 1863. #

Third. Reply of Colonel Ludlow to Colonel Ould, July 14, 1863. #

Fourth. Response of Mr. Ould to Ludlow, July 17, 1863. #

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, July 22, 1863.

Major-General BUCKNER, Commanding:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 14th instant has been received. This Government cannot hold any opinion in reference to citizens of Tennessee who enlist in the service of the United States, or who give them aid or comfort in their war upon the Confederate States, but that they

---------------

*Not found.

#See pp. 113, 116, 125.

---------------

