
spoken of was issued without a knowledge of the circular from your office and has since been rescinded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C. June 13, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a list* of prisoners of war at the Old Capitol who are desirous of being released on taking the oath of allegiance. Many of these men had expressed the desire to take the oath of allegiance before the recent order prohibiting the discharge of prisoners on such terms, and as it appears by this means brought upon themselves the enmity of other rebel prisoners which would perhaps jeopardize their lives if they should now be delivered for exchange with those prisoners. Under the circumstances I would respectfully recommend that they be sent to Philadelphia to be released on taking the oath of allegiance, with the further condition that they will not return south of Philadelphia during the war unless in the service of the United States.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFAMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 18, 1863.

Approved.

By order of the Secretary of War:

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General.

INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE, June 13, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel ALFRED ROMAN, Inspector-General:

COLONEL: In accordance with your instructions I yesterday visited the jail. I made examination into the condition of the prisoners, and as usual received from many of them the most urgent appeals to lay their cases before the higher authorities. Before entering into these particulars I deem it my duty to make some general remarks in regard to the administration of this establishment. It appears to me that the organization is defective; that there is a lack of discipline and of regularity, and that altogether the jail is not well conducted. This is doubtless partly owing to the small staff of jail officers. Mr. Milligan, the jailor, informs me that he is the only white person there, and it strikes me that it is impossible for one man to look properly after 100 prisoners. I believe this Mr. Milligan to be a kind man toward the prisoners, but with the best intentions I do not see how he can do justice to all.

I notice that there is no division among the different classes of prisoners, except a few under sentence of death, who are separately confined. Confederates and Federals associate and converse promiscuously

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

