
satisfactory. After a personal visit there yesterday I authorized the distribution of underclothing to such of them as required it. I understood that as much clothing as was necessary had been offered as contributions, but if there is any deficiency it may be made up in the manner you propose. I inclose herewith regulations issued by authority of the War Department, which prescribe the mode of issuing clothing to prisoners of war. * If you have any blankets on hand which are unfit for issue I wish you would furnish one to each prisoner who is without bedding. They should be returned to your department when the prisoners leave the jail, to be used again on similar occasions. Will you please mention the matter to the provost-marshal, who is in immediate charge of the prisoners? Prisoners of war can be permitted to take the oath of allegiance only on a special report of the case and by authority of the Secretary of War. The prisoners from Sandusky, about whom I telegraphed to you to-day, should not have been sent on, and I wish them to remain at Fort McHenry or in the jail, whichever may be the most convenient, till others are to be delivered at City Point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CHARLESTON, S. C., July 23, 1863.

J. A. SEDDON, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

I know of no joint resolution about disposition of captured negroes. Honorable W. P. Miles informed me it failed to pass.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., July 23, 1863.

SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General, Richmond, Va.:

Enemy has not carried out cartel in connection with prisoners of this command, who have been retained for months at Hilton Head.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Charleston, July 23, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: Inclosed I have the honor to submit to you a copy of my demand, under General Orders, Numbers 3, dated December 24, 1862, containing the proclamation of President Davis, upon General Beauregard for certain negro slaves and commissioned officers in company with them captured in arms on James and Morris Islands on the 11th and 18th instant. #

I now beg leave to call your attention to the free negroes who were captured at the same time. By an act of our assembly of 1805 (5 Stat., 503) it is enacted that-

Every person or persons who shall or may be, either directly or indirectly, concerned or connected with any slave or slaves in a state of actual insurrection within this State, or who shall in any manner or to any extent excite, counsel, advise, induce,

---------------

*See Vol. IV, this series, p. 152.

#See Bonham to Beauregard, July 22, p. 139.

---------------

10 R R-SERIES II, VOL VI

