
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., July 25, 1863.

Surg. J. SIMONS,

In Charge U. S. Hospital, Davids Island, N. Y.:

SIR: The clothing called for by your requisition for sick and wounded rebel prisoners will be furnished immediately. I think it proper to remind you that only such as is absolutely necessary will be issued. Men in hospital at this season of the year require two shirts, two drawers, and, if not in bed, one pair of pants. Shoes and socks may be necessary in some cases, but generally they must be dispensed with. Caps are not issued, and but few, if any, require coats. If any are distinguish them from our own men. As they are not to be furnished with an undershirt, I would suggest that you issue the cotton shirt in place of the kind of shirt estimated for. When the prisoners are forwarded for delivery all articles issued to them not in use will be taken from them, to be again used for a similar purpose. On board ship they do not need shoes, stockings, or caps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

MILITARY PRISON, Alton, Ill., July 25, 1863.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: I have the honor to request that no more prisoners be sent here until we have room to accommodate them. We have now over 1,400 prisoners confined in this prison, a number much greater than can be accommodated with anything like comfort.

I have the honor to be, sir, with much respect, your most obedient servant,

T. HENDRICKSON,

Major, U. S. Army, Commanding the Prison.

MILITARY PRISON, Alton, Ill., July 25, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: At the urgent request of Mrs. Judd, one of the female prisoners confined in this prison, I forward herewith for your consideration the inclosed papers in relation to her case. * With regard to this woman I am of the opinion that if she should be released on parole to go to the State of Minnesota, where I understand she has friends and connections, she would remain there and give no further trouble.

I have the honor to be, sir, with much respect, your most obedient servant,

T. HENDRICKSON,

Major Third Infantry, Commanding the Prison.

---------------

*In view of the final action of the Secretary of War, the inclosed statements are omitted. See also Vol. V, this series, pp. 619-624.

---------------

