
together in the wards. the villain and perhaps the merely misguided are thus thrown in contact and freely interchange ideas and sentiments, which cannot result in good.

The cooking seems to be carried on in the worst possible manner. Odd pots and pans belonging to prisoners or lent by friends from outside seem to be the principal culinary utensils. You have already reported this matter, and I have also done so.

Again, on entering the wards one is surrounded by a clamorous, half clothed, motley crew, all anxious to solicit one's attention for a moment. If reliance can be placed on some of their statements-and I see no reason why there should not-some of them are certainly unfairly treated. I record the names of some of these, and would suggest that steps be taken in the matter.

McDonel, a Federal prisoner, captured on Folly Island by Colonel Dargan's command on or about the 11th of April, is still in jail. This man was taken in arms when a picket and in an affair of outposts. I cannot perceive the justice that retains this man in jail.

Two Federal deserters, William May and William Robinson, whose cases were examined into and reported on by our department so far back as the 19th of May, are still in the jail.

G. W. Tripp and G. Williams, two Federal paroled deserters, forwarded here under passes from Brigadier-General Slaughter, whose cases were also examined into and reported on the 23rd of May, are still in the jail. this department recommended that they should be kept in jail and forwarded by first opportunity to Nassay, but several steamers have left since then.

John Cahill, a Federal prisoner, captured at Georgetown, is also in the jail.

James Parton, a man who deserted form the First South Carolina Infantry, at Fort Moultrie, about a fortnight ago, is in confinement. He tells me he left his clothes at Battery Bee; he is now nearly ragged. He is one of many cases in which company commanders seem to forget the prisoners absent from their regiments.

An extract form your report on the same subject, dated April 24, 1863, concisely lays down what I wish to report and recommend:

Many of the prisoners have no blankets, no clothing, no shoes. they seem to be entirely forgotten by the company commanders; so much so that some of them have been confined for months without trial. I would suggest as a rule hereafter that no private be sent to jail by the provost-marshal without having been first provided with his bedding and clothes. Company commanders must see to that. they must not forget their men because they are prisoners, and they should not delay the forwarding of their charges.

For instance, B. Donelly, of Ferguson's battery, is destitute of clothing. William Kenny says he has plenty of clothes on board the Palmetto State; is in the same position.

I could enumerate many more cases of hardship if it were necessary, but I think this will be sufficient. I would suggest that this matter be looked into; that regular discipline be enforced; that the arrangements for cooking be placed on a different method; that rules and regulations be laid down for the reception and dismissal of prisoners, and that the administration of justice be conducted on more speedy methods than apparently now exist.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. WEMYSS FEILDEN,

Captain and Assistant Inspector-General.

