
on account of the crowded state of the prison at this time we could not receive them. They were sent to Saint Louis to be provided for by the provost-marshal-general of Missouri at that city. The number of prisoners confined here is over 1,400. Two of the female prisoners, Mrs. Nicholson and Mrs. Hyde, were released to-day, the former by an order form Brigadier-General Hurlbut, commanding at Memphis, Tenn., remitting unexpired sentence, and the letter by parole to Nashville, Tenn., by order of General Rosecrans.

I have the honor to be, sir, with much respect, your most obedient servant,

T. HENDRICKSON,

Major, U. S. Army, Commandant of Prison.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., July 27, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MERIDITH, Fort Monroe:

GENERAL: You will please inform Mr. Ould, agent for exchange of prisoners, that General John H. Morgan and his officers will be placed in close confinement and held as hostages for the members of Colonel Streight's command who have not been delivered in compliance with the conditions of the cartel.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CINCINNATI, July 27, 1863.

Governor TOD:

General Halleck wants all Morgan's officers put in the penitentiary of your State. What is your opinion, and have your room?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

COLUMBUS, July 27, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Cincinnati, Ohio:

I approve of General Halleck's suggestion to confine Morgan and his principal officers in the Ohio penitentiary. We have room for about thirty.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

WELLSVILLE, OHIO, July 27, 1863.

Captain F. W. HUIDEKOPER:

You will take charge of all the prisoners (of Morgan's command) captured yesterday and convey them to Columbus. There deliver them to the commanding officer of Camp Chase, taking a receipt from him for them. You will then return to Pittsburgh and rejoin your command.

By command of Major-General Brooks:

WM. R. HOWE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

