
is received of the release of Colonel Streight's men, now in confinement at Richmond. Ample rations will be provided. This is written to prevent all unnecessary applications for favors.

After the release of the officers at Richmond the same favors that have always been shown to the prisoners taken by the general commanding will be shown you.

Respectfully,

D. R. LARNED,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF S. C., GA., AND FLA.,Charleston, S. C., July 29, 1863.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF THE STATE OF S. CAROLINA:

SIR: I have just been furnished with an official copy of the joint resolution of Congress on the subject of retaliation (Numbers 74.), section 7 of which reads as follows:

All negroes or mulattoes who shall be engaged in war, or be taken in arms against the Confederate States, or who shall given or comfort to the enemies of the Confederate States, shall, when captured in the Confederate States, be delivered to the authorities of the State or State in which they shall be captured, to be dealt with according to the present or future laws of such State or States.

In accordance with this act I am now prepared to turn over to you, or to such authorized agent as you may appoint, the negroes and mulattoes recently taken in arms against the Confederate States on James and Morris Islands, to be dealt with according to the laws of the States of South Carolina.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSIONER FOR EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, Va., July 30, 1863.

Honorable R. OULD, Agent for Exchange, &amp;c.:

SIR: On July [June] 10, 1863, the bark Texan, bound from New York to New Orleans, was captured and burned by one James Duke and some fifteen others who were on board the steamer Boston, which steamer they had taken possession of the night before. The pilot of the Texan was permitted to land, but the captain and crew were taken to Mobile, and from thence to Richmond, where ever since they have been confined in the Libby Prison.

This case appears to me to be hard in all its bearings, and I cannot think that the authorities at Richmond would sanction such irregular proceedings or establish such an inhuman precedent were they fully cognizant of the facts in the case. With this is a list of these prisoners, and I hope you will use your best endeavors for their immediate release.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General and Commissioner for Exchange.

