
by whom he was promoted to the post of master, and while in that capacity was captured on board the Federal gun-boat Essex. The specification alleges that he made the drafts and sketches for the purpose of furnishing them as information to the Federal authorities. These are very grave charges. If they were less so I would send Kellogg to you. I have sent for the witnesses whose names are appended to the specification. They are in the Southwest. Kellogg shall have the speediest possible trial, and if the allegations of the specification are not sustained he will be delivered to you.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., July 31, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

SIR: I am a loyal man and love my country and her free institutions and cannot consent to see such favors extended to rebels as are constantly done at Camp Morton and remain silent. I understand you have entire control of all matters pertaining to prisoners of war and for that reason address you.

A short time since John H. Morgan, of the rebel army, made a trial through this State and Ohio and at last was captured with most of this men. About 1,000 of his men were sent to Camp Morton. Hardly had they reached there until their friends crowded to see them, furnishing them with money and clothing and various articles of food, treating and talking to them as martyrs and heroes, and confirming them in their rebel sentiments. Such things are occurring at Camp Morton every day, and any one who will take the trouble to visit headquarters at Camp Morton between 10 and 12 a. m. and 3 and 4 p. m. of every day can see from three to six rebels conversing with their friends, laughing and enjoying themselves and sneering at the Yankees, and boasting of their rebel raid and of what they will do when exchanged. When I remember the cruel treatment our own brave soldiers have always received from the rebels when so unfortunate as to fall into their hands as prisoners I confess it makes my blood boil to see the extreme privileges granted to Morgan's thieves. I cannot say where the fault is, but I am informed that the permission to visit these rebels comes from General Burnside and General Willcox, and you can see at the Bates House in this city ladies and gentlemen from Kentucky flourishing their permits and boasting of the prowess of their relatives in the Confederate Army. And in an hour or two you can see the same parties at Camp Morton enjoying the society of their rebel friends, condoling with them in their misfortune in being captured, and at the same time see them waited on by our own soldiers who have been prisoners to the rebels and who complain bitterly of the treatment awards desperadoes.

These are facts, colonel, as you can ascertain by examination personally or by writing to this place. Captain Hamilton, commanding the camp, Lieutenant Robinson, commissary of prisoners, dare not deny the truth of the statement. As far as Camp Morton is concerned they are both at the post and know that such things are occurring there daily. I could give my name, but do care to be mixed up in this affair; but I trust that you will investigate this matter even though this letter is

ANONYMOUS.

