
WINCHESTER, TENN., August 1, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK:

The case of Major Jones was peculiar. He had promise from General Granger before the publication of that order; wounds prevented him from availing himself of it until lately. An urgent appeal from him and Granger's recommendation induced me to regard Granger's promise as a sort of contract. I leave the matter in your hands.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 1, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH,

Agent of Exchange, Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith papers which were referred to me by Colonel Ludlow for information. Should Mr. Ould express a desire to release a Mr. J. Harvey Sherman, who is now held a prisoners at Richmond, in exchange for Henry A. Williams, now at the Old Capitol, such a proposition will be received and considered. A proposition for the exchange cannot be made by us. In a letter addressed to me by Colonel Ludlow on the 22nd ultimo, he inquires about a number of rebel officers held by us as prisoners of war. Captain R. W. Baylor, held at Fort McHenry, has been tried and is waiting the decision of the court-martial. Captain Compton, captured in Virginia with letters and papers form the Southern Confederacy, tried as a spy and sentenced to be hung, reprieved by the President, in confinement at Fort McHenry. Major Armies, or Ormsley, sent without our lines to recruit for the rebel service, confined at Fort McHenry. Lieutenant Davis, sent within our lines to recruit for the rebel service, confined at Fort McHenry. Captain W. F. Gordon, sent from Fort McHenry to Fort Delaware temporarily, has to return to Fort McHenry for trial. Captain Camp; have no record of him. James W. Foster; have no record of him. Lee A. Dunn; have no record him. Colonel A. Talcot, citizen of Mexico, captured in New York City, March 27, 1863, and now at Fort Warren. Major C. B. Owsley; have no record of him. All these prisoners are treated with as much attention and kindness as is consistent with their position, and no harsh treatment is permitted. I have made several applications for the names of prisoners who have died in Richmond and elsewhere, and I will be obliged to you if you will endeavor to obtain such rolls form Mr. Ould. We have furnished very full rolls of rebel prisoners who have died in our hospitals.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 1, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners, Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith letter* in behalf of Surgeon Whitney, Thirteenth Masochists Volunteers, and Chaplain J. Harvey, One hundred and tenth Ohio Volunteers, both of whom are

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

