
now held as prisoners of war at Richmond, and it is desired that all proper steps be taken to secure their release. It is not known why Surgeon Whiteny is held in prison, but it appears by the accompanying letter that Chaplain Harvey is held because his wife is charged with taking a negro girl with her from Wincherster, Va., to Ohio. The precise facts of this case are not known. It is understood that the chaplain's wife has alleged that she had permission to take a colored girl to attend her. It is not believed that the chaplain himself had anything to do in the matter, and you will please urge this reasonable view on Mr. Ould.

I am not informed whether there is any reasonable objection to the unconditional release of medical officers and chaplains without exchange as heretofore, excepting the three or four medical officers who are held by both parties as hostages; on our side for Doctor Rucker, a citizen of Virginia, held by the Richmond authorities, and on the rebel side for Surgeon Green, of the Confederate Army, held at Fort Monroe for Doctor Rucker. If, with the above exceptions, the Confederates release our medical officers and chaplains, I will continue to forward all such officers who may be in our hands for delivery at City Point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 1, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief, U. S. Army:

I have the honor to report upon the note and accompaniment of the Secretary of State of the 1st instant relative to Captains Phillips and Wynne, of the British military forces in Canada, charged with violating the U. S. military regulations by evading the military lines and joining the insurgent at Fredericksburg. That on the 20th and 22nd of January last* I reported to the Secretary of State all the facts and circumstances in my possession touching Captain Wynne's evading the military lines of the United States, joining the insurgents in Richmond and Fredericksburg, his arrest and commitment to the Old Capitol Prison, &amp;c. In regard to Captain Phillips, he evaded arret while going and returning through the U. S. military lines, and they only evidence against him is to be found in the verified statement of Captain Wynne and in the papers found on the person of Captain Wynne. The examination of Captain Wynne and the papers found in his possession established the following facts: That Captains Wynne and Phillips came to Baltimore from Canada with the intention of visiting the insurgent army; that they affiliated and counseled with the rebel sympathizers in Baltimore as to the time and place of evading the U. S. military lines; that letters were taken by them from persons in Baltimore, because a rebel officer wrote a letter certifying that "Captains Phillips and Wynne came highly accredited from Baltimore", and this letter was found on Captain Wynne's person. That Captains Wynne and Phillips did, after affiliating and counseling with disaffected persons in Baltimore, and receiving letters of credit, clandestinely evade the U. S. military lines and join the insurgents, and that they made no application to the U. S. authorities for a permit to pass the lines; that Captain Wynne upon his examination and under oath frankly and earnestly stated that his sympathies

---------------

* See Vol. V, this series, pp. 196, 201.

---------------

