
were with the rebels. The only fact additional to what has been heretofore communicated is this: That Captain Wynne made his escape from the Old Capital Prison by cutting through a door, and reached Canada via Baltimore, in which city he was concealed and aided by disloyalists.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. C. TURNER,

Judge-Advocate.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, August 1, 1863.

Brigadier-General MEREDITH, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: I am in receipt of your communication of the 30th ultimo informing me that "General John. H. Morgan and his officers will be placed in close confinement and held as hostages for the members of Colonel Streigh's command". I beg leave respectfully to ask what you mean by "close confinement?" In what respect will that "close confinement" differ from the confinement of other prisoners, officers and men?

Colonel Streigh's command is treated exactly as are the other officers held by captivity by us. What that treatment is you can find from any conscientious officer who has lately been confined in the Libly. You will hear no complaint from me or from the Confederate authorities so long as our officers receive the treatment which yours do here.

You further say that Colonel Streight's command have not been delivered in compliance with the conditions of the cartel agreed to by Major-General Dix and Major-General Hill. In retaining Colonel Streight and his command, the Confederate authorities have not gone as far as those of the United States have claimed for themselves the right to go ever since the establishment of the cartel. You have claimed and exercised the right to retain officers and men indefinitely, not only upon charges actually preferred, but upon mere suspicion. You have now in custody officers who were in confinement when the cartel was framed and who have since been declared exchanged. Some of them have been tried, but most of them have languished in prison all the weary time without trial or charges. I stand prepared to prove these assertions. This course was pursued, too, in the face not only of notice, but of protest. Do you deny to us the right to detain officers and men for trial upon grave charges while you claim the right to keep in confinement any who may be the objects of your suspicion or special enmity?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, August 1, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: Your communication respecting Messrs. Brengle and Brink and the members of the Sanitary Commission has been received.

I will make due inquiry into the alleged facts and hereafter inform you of my conclusions. In the meantime allow me to say that it appears by your own communication that Mr. Brengle had just been

