
relation to capture and paroles to go into effect from and after May 23, 1863, he is entirely right. If he means that I at any time consented to adopt or acquiesce in any such rule, he is entirely wrong. All that passed between us on that subject is in writing. The correspondence will interpret itself.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, August 1, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: I have declared exchanged all Confederate soldiers who have been delivered at City Point up to July 20, 1863. The equivalents I have already sent to you by the same route.

You can release an equal number of your own men.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, August 1, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A MEREDITH, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: I have received your communication in reference to the captain and crew of the bark Texan. In it you speak of "irregular procedures" and "inhuman precedents". If you had been acquainted with the action of your own authorities in similar cases you would hardly have used such language.

I refer you to the several communications of mine to Lieutenant-Colonel Ludlow in reference to the detention of the masters and pilots of Confederate steamers, and especially to my indorsement dated June 29 upon his application for the release of the officers and crew of the steamer Emily.

The "irregular procedures" and "inhuman precedents" are not to be found in the action of the Confederate authorities. The slightest search will disclose them elsewhere, however. You have now in your prisons the following:

Captain Floyd and the other officers and crew of the ferry-boat DeSoto. They are in prison in Saint Louis, Mo., and have been since January last.

The officers and crew of the schooner Belle, captured last February off Charleston. Some of the officers are now at Fort Lafayette.

The officers and crew of the steamer Cuba, captured off Mobile last May. The captain is at Key West in prison.

The officers and crew of the steamer Emma Bett, captured in June last in the Sunflower River, Miss. They are said to be in Camp Chase. They are certainly in captivity.

The officers and crew of the steamer Britannia, captured off Charleston in July, 1863.

The officers and crew of the steamer Glide. The captain (Perry) is at Fort Lafayette.

To convince you more fully that the Confederate authorities have no desire to imitate "irregular procedures" or establish "inhuman precedents" in the direction you indicate, I purpose that the officers and

