
informed by Captain Hatch, assistant agent for exchange, that there were now (August 2) in Richmond about 6,000 Federal prisoners of war, besides some 600 officers. They seemed much elated over Charleston affairs and the reported successes of "Dick Taylor".

I have the honor to remain, sir, your humble servant,

JNO E. MULFORD,

Major Third Infantry New York Volunteers.
HDQRS. PAROLED AND EXCHANGED PRISONERS,Demopolis, August 2, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Morton, Miss.:

COLONEL: I beg leave to hand you inclosed herewith copies of instructions received from Richmond relative to men captured and paroled on the battle-field. From said instructions I have forwarded to your headquarters some 100 and odd men whose paroles were illegal as decided by the Secretary of War.

In regard to the Port Hudson prisoners I have in consultation with Lieutenant-General Pemberton, General Stevenson, and Commissioner Watts decided their paroles to be illegal, as they were not properly paroled. I have in camp some 500 of said prisoners, the balance being scattered all over the country, having been furloughed by different officers. I therefore as your instructions in regard to them, whether I should recall them or not. Lieutenant-General Pemberton has taken charge of all the Vicksburg prisoners and has furloughed the most of them. I have in charge the Port Hudson prisoners and others, and therefore ask your instructions whether I should furlough them. They claim that they are entitled to the same privilege as the Vicksburg prisoners.

Hoping to have instructions from you at your earliest convenience,

I remain, colonel, respectfully, your most obedient servant,

HENRY C. DAVIS,

Major, Commanding.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, August 3, 1863.

Major-General FOSTER (or whoever may be in command of the military department, with headquarters at Fort Monroe, Va.):

If Doctor Wright, on trial at Norfolk, has been or shall be convicted, send me a transcript of this trial and conviction, and do not let execution be done upon him until my further order.

A. LINCOLN.

FORT MONROE, August 3, 1863.

His Excellency, A. LINCOLN, President of the United States:

Your telegram of this date I have the honor to acknowledge. Your orders will be strictly obeyed. The trial is concluded. General Naglee informs me that the proceedings, findings, and sentence have been forwarded to you for your revision and approval.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

