
behalf. We have been here a long time and we see no prospect of getting home, and we suppose the Government has forgotten us altogether, as it does not seem to do anything for us. We belong to the United States Navy and we ask for aid and protection. This is very likely the last opportunity we shall have of writing to you or any one else, and if you do not sympathize with us God knows what will become of us. We were wounded in the engagement of the Smith and lost all our clothes and were very destitute. I wish you would please send us some money as we stand in need of some very much. We would like to get home very much as we are very uneasy concerning our families in New York, who are depending on us for support; and if will be a great source of comfort to us if you would write us a small note stating that you had received this letter, also what was to be done with us. We feel very uneasy to know when we are going North. I do not think they will send us on unless the Government does something for us. They have had plenty of opportunities to send us on but they have not done so. They say they will keep us till the war is over. We are sick all the time. Being shut up so close all the time we are in a very bad situation, indeed.

Please to do something in our behalf.

Yours, with respect,

ORIN H. BROWN,

WILLIAM H. JOHNSON,

WILLIAM WILSON,

From New York City.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 3, 1863.

Major-General FOSTER, Fortress Monroe:

Edward Warren, surgeon-general of North Carolina, desires permission to come within our lines to examine the condition of the wounded North Carolina prisoners. What do you think of it? Should he have the leave, and what sort of a man is he? I have been waiting your return to write to you, and may perhaps visit you in a few days if you remain at Fortress Monroe.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

FORT MONROE, VA., August 3, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I know of no particular reason why Surg. General Edward Warren, of North Carolina, should be admitted within our lines, but would recommend his admission for the purpose you named. I think many leading men of North Carolina are conservative and many certainly are antagonistic to the Southern Confederacy. Doctor Warren's admission showing a partiality and preference for North Carolina may widen a little the breach.

I propose to make a reconnaissance within the enemy's lines to-morrow morning, lasting three days, from which I hope to obtain important information. At the end of that time if you would make your visit, I will be able to lay before you some important facts. If you will telegraph me when you will come a boat can meet you whatever you may designate. I shall be pleased to see you at any time, but more particularly at this time, as a consultation between us might determine our future policy and movements in my department.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

