
General Holmes may be assured that if he adopts the barbarous system he suggests I shall not hesitate to meet him in them mode universally recognized among civilized nations.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

AUGUST 3, 1863.

General MASON, Camp Chase, Columbus:

I do not think it advisable, against their own will, to trim the hair or shave the board of the officers who arrived from Johnson's Island to be confined in the Ohio penitentiary.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Columbus, Ohio, August 3, 1863*.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Department of the Ohio:

GENERAL: I have just received your telegram with reference to the prisoners from Jonson's Island, and regret that it was too late, as they arrived at 3. 30 p. m. Saturday and were taken at once to the penitentiary.

The prisoners were turned over to the warden upon their arrival, and when taken into the prison were bathed, their hair cut, and beards shaved. The cells to be occupied by them were new, sweet, and clean. The warden was desirous of keeping them so. Some of the first arrivals were covered with remain, which particular ones I know not, and if an error has been committed by the warden it was an unintentional one. He treats them all with kindness. The question did not occur either to the Government or myself until after the great portion of them had entered the prison.

I had seen a copy of Government Tod's instructions to the warden, and supposed I had done all that was required delivering the prisoners and seeing the number on the rolls verified. In future I will act on your suggestions fully, and regret that I did not receive it earlier.

Your obedient servant,

JNO S. MASON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

GLEN COVE, LONG ISLAND, N. Y., August 4, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK:

GENERAL: Permit me to again draw your attention to the case of Mr. Spencer Kellogg, fourth master of the Essex, who was taken prisoner at Port Hudson. Mr. Kellogg's father called on me at this place and showed me a letter dated at Jackson, Miss., form Mr. Kellogg to his wife, stating that he was condemned to be shot sentence of court-martial. Since then (May) the prisoners of Jackson have been removed to Richmond, and this officer may possibly be among them. I respectfully request that under the proclamation of the President of July 30

---------------

* See also Mason to Burnside, August 2, Series I, Vol. XXIII, Part I, p. 815.

---------------

