
an officer of the rebel army be selected and confined as a hostage for the safety of Mr. Kellogg. This officer at a former period performed valuable services for the Government of a charactery which it would not be proper for me to state a written communication, but they were of a character which could only be instructed to a brave and faithful officer.

I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

W. D. PORTER,

Commodore, U. S. Navy.

OFFICE COMMISSIONERS FOR EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, Va., August 4, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: Mr. Ould has declared exchanged all Confederate soldiers who have been delivered at City Point by to July 20, 1863, which makes a balance in our favor of 3,350. Where do you wish the balance applied?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General and Commissioner for Exchange.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 4, 1863.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF,

Commanding Fort Delaware, Del.:

GENERAL: Applications for release on taking the oath of allegiance by prisoners of war or citizens are not entertained unless some good reason is urged for granting this indulgence. It must be shown to the satisfaction of the examining officer that the applicant was forced into the rebel service against his will and has taken advantage of the first opportunity to free himself from it; or it may be granted as a favor to his family or friends, they being all loyal people and vouching for his sincerity in desiring to take the oath of allegiance; or it may be granted on account of the youth of the applicant, it being shown that he was led away by the influence of vicious companions, his Union friends guaranteeing his future loyal conduct. Unless the cases are presented substantially after this manner, with your recommendation, it is not worth while to forward them. I respectfully return herewith several applications for such further information of a commendatory character as you may be able to give.

The citizen prisoners who were sent to Fort Delaware from Camp Chase had an opportunity while at that camp to establish their claim to be released, and as they were sent toward for exchange it is probable little can be said in their favor. There is a commissioner at the camp to examine all doubtful cases. It must be understood when a discharge is granted that under no circumstances does it carry with if exemption form any of the duties as a citizen.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

