
certainly be adopted on my part is such outrages should be again committed, or if those herein mentioned are not disavowed and the perpetrators properly dealt with.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 5, 1863.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Debarment of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 29th July, addressed to the Adjutant-General, in relation to the release of prisoners of war, has been referred to this office, and by direction of the Secretary of War I have the honor to inform you that prisoners of war who have been impressed into the rebel service and wish to enter our Army may be permitted to do so when the examining officer is satisfied of the applicant's good faith and that the facts of the case are as represented. Prisoners of war are not permitted to take the oath of allegiance and be discharged unless some sufficient reason is urged for granting this indulgence. It must be shown to the satisfaction of the examining officer who reports the case that the applicant was forced into the rebel service against his will and has taken advantage of the first opportunity to endeavor to free himself from it; or it may be granted as a favor to his family or friends, they being all loyal people and vouching for his sincerity in desiring to become a loyal citizen; or it may be granted on account of the youth of the applicant, it being shown that he was led away by the influence of vicious companions, his Union friends guaranteeing his future good conduct. Cases must be presented substantially after this manner, with all the papers, through this office, for the approval of the Secretary of War, on whose order alone the discharge can be granted. The oath of allegiance must be without qualification, and if must be understood that under no circumstances does the discharge carry with it an exemption from any of the duties of a citizen. When prisoners of war are discharged no taking the oath of allegiance an ordinary descriptive should be furnished to this office, giving in the column of remarks the history of each case. I will send you blanks for this purpose as soon as they can be printed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 5, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners, Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a list* of Federal troops delivered and paroled at City Point and other places up to 31st ultimo, and also an abstract of Confederate prisoners of war delivered and paroled at City Point, Vicksburg, and other places. I presume you have received from Colonel Ludlow rolls of all prisoners received

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

