
and delivered by him at City Point, and also the rolls which were furnished to him from this office of prisoners received and delivered in the West. The number of Confederate prisoners now on parole and subject to exchange will be made up of the delivered at City Point and some few at other places, of which you have rolls, added to those paroled by General Grant, as shown by the abstract. The Federal troops have been in great part delivered at City Point, and so far there will be no difficulty in arranging an exchange; but there are many in the West captured in small parties whom it will be difficult to classify, and it will perhaps be necessary in the deceleration to designate them by giving the number of each regiment and the time and place of capture, unless you can cover them, as in former declarations, by a general phrase, including all captures in certain States up to a certain time. There are a number of women in the abstract, but they, I presume, are not to be exchanged. Mr. Ould is doubtless provided with a roll of General Grant's captures, but to place whole matter in your hands I send you a duplicate roll.

On the 19th ultimo I requested Colonel Ludlow to furnish me a roll of prisoners received at Fort Monroe from the Southern coast. Will you please send me such a roll as early as practicable? It is very desirable that an exchange of all Federal officers and men now on parole be effected as early as practicable, and the papers I send you will doubtless lead to its speedy accomplishment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

MILITARY PRISON, Alton, Ill., August 5, 1863.

DOCTOR: In reply to yours of the 4th, requesting me to inform you what progress has been made in isolating the cases of smallpox from this prison, I have to report that nothing as yet has been done in the matter. The principal difficulty is to find a place within a reasonable distance of the prison, suitable in all respects to locate a smallpox hospital. I was out with Doctor Williams yesterday in search of a place for that purpose, but failed to find one. The doctor is out again this morning looking for a location. Should he fail to find a suitable place we may have to take to a small island in the Mississippi, opposite the town, in which case we shall require a boat or two, in order to communicate with the island. The people who own property in the vicinity of the city are averse to having a smallpox hospital placed on or near their grounds.

I have the honor to be, sir, much respect, your most obedient servant,

T. HENDRICKSON,

Major Third Infantry, Commanding the Prison.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, August 5, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: On the 7th day of July last Lieutenant Colonel William H. Ludlow wrote to me that a certain General Order, Numbers 207, had been issued in relation to paroles. On the 23rd of May, 1863, he grave me notice that General Orders, Numbers 1000, was to be in force.

