
In that last general order, in paragraph 131, it was stated that "if the Government does not approve of the parole the paroled officer must return into captivity, &amp;c. " I take it that General Orders, Numbers 100, so far as your authorities are concerned, continued in force at least until it was superseded by subsequent general orders. Before the 3rd of July, 1863, a large number of your officers and men were captured and paroled by our forces in Maryland and elsewhere. Many of the paroles on their face parties were informed of the position which your Government had taken with respect to paroles, and that they entered into the parole knowing that fact and pleading themselves to deliver themselves into our custody if the parole should be refused or ignored by your Government. Others stated that they entered into the parole because they were wounded, knowing if they did not do so they would be carried within our lines to the imminent risk of their lives.

I shall insist that these paroles shall be respected and equivalents given for the officers and men named therein, or that the parties giving them shall be delivered in person at City Point. In doing so I only carry out your own general order in force at the time.

If you object to this it is only another reason why we should meet at an early date to adjust the matters of difference between us.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

[Indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSIONER FOR EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, August 7, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Major General, E. A. Hitchcock.

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General and Commissioner for Exchange.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, August 5, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: On the 18th of July last I addressed two communications to Lieutenant Colonel William H. Ludlow in relation to Captain R. W. Baylor, Lee A. Dunn, Captain Compton, Major Armies, Lieutenant Davis, Captain William F. Gordon, and Captain Camp. I have received your letter of the 4th instant to those communications. May I request of you the favor the read over those communications and ask yourself whether the reply is a frank one. Has one substantial inquiry that I made been answered? I have had occasion frequently heretofore to complain that no notice was taken of my inquiries. This sort of notice, however, is little better than silence. If your inquiries of me and mine of your are not fully and frankly answered it is useless for us to write. If a response cannot be given to the inquiry why cannot at least that be said. I again request that an answer be given to my inquiries of the 18th ultimo.

You have given no reply to my communication of the 1st instant in relation to the confinement of General John H. Morgan and his officers; none respecting my proposition of the same date concerning the officers and crews of vessels who are held in confinement, and more to my letter about the immediate and unconditional release of non-combatants.

