
Will you do me the favor to reply to them? They were written in answer to your own injuries, and respecting subjects brought into discussion by yourself. I did not thrust them upon you. Will you answer them or give me some reason why you will not?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, August 5, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: I beg leave to call your special attention to the two inclosed communications* from our Surgeon-General. Will you be so king as to return me a speedy answer to the letter of the 28th ultimo, addressed to me? The other is no less worthy of your notice. Can nothing be done to stop the fearful morality at Fort Delaware? Is it intended to fill our land with morning by such means of subjugation?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

[Inclosure.]

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, July 30, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: In view of the vast amount of sickness among our prisoners of war confined by the Federal authorities in Fort Delaware, as reported to me in person by a reliable soldier of our Army, a prisoners in the fortress and lately exchanged, I feel it my duty to make this communication in hope that some amelioration of their condition may result.

The large and enormous increase of mortality at this fortress is attributed to the present excessive numbers of our soldiers confined there, which are still being consigned to its already overcrowded and pestilential cells and to their being subjected to the use of its unwholesome food and bad water.

I respectfully submit the question, if some representation cannot be made to the United States Government concerning this seemingly unworthy attempt to subdue or destroy our soldiers by pestilence and disease.

Surely the want of room in which to confine prisoners securely, with at least some reasonable regard for the laws of health, cannot be pleaded by the U. S. authorities as a reason for this unmerciful and unjust conduct on their part.

In a scientific view of this subject alone the policy of the humane treatment of prisoners of war and a proper effort to prevent the generalization and dissemination of disease is clearly apparent and is alike profitable to both combatants, and how much more does the propriety of this course become evident on appeal to the code of civilization and to the dictates of Christianity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. MOORE,

Surgeon-General, C. S. Army.

---------------

* Only one fund.

---------------

