
to continue that arrangement, it is entirely agreeable to me. The papers which he was in the habit of sending are satisfactory. If you prefer to make a change I have no objection. I continue to send our files to you, although you have not done so.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 6, 1863.

Brigadier General J. H. MARTINDALE,

Military Governor, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have just learned that General Marston is prepared to receive prisoners of war at the camp just established at Point Lookout and I have therefore to request that instead of sending 300 enlisted prisoners of war from the Old Capitol to Fort McHenry, as requested in my of yesterday, you will send 500 to Point Lookout.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CINCINNATI GAZETTE ROOMS,

Washington, August 6, 1863.

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

SIR: On the evening of the 3rd of May, 1863, three newspaper correspondents, Messrs. A. D. Richardson and Junius H. Browne of the New York Tribune, and Richard T. Colburn of the New York World, were taken prisoners at Vicksburg while attempting to run the blockade on a small tug-boat to join our forces below. They were taken to Richmond and thrown into Libbly Prison. In a few days Mr. Colburn was released, while Messrs. Richardson and Brown were retained and have ever since been kept confined notwithstanding all efforts to secure their release or exchange. Late letters represent Mr. Browne (whose health has always been precarious) as being very ill and not likely to survive a much longer confinement. Both the gentlemen were formerly citizens of Cincinnati (and Mr. Browne still is) and a special interest is therefore felt in having every means possible exhausted to procure their release. Cannot some specific retaliatory measure be adopted under the President's recent proclamation to secure the exchange or release of these gentlemen, or if that be deemed inexpedient is there not some further step in their behalf the Government can take?

I have the honor, colonel, to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WHITELAW REID.

[First indorsement.]

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

DEAR COLONEL: I desire to join in Mr. Reid's request and earnestly hope you may be able to make an early exchange of his friends, Richmond and Browne.

Truly, yours,

W. DENMAN.

