
[Second indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 10, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War. As the Confederate commissioner for exchange of prisoners has refused to entertain a proposition for the exchange of civilians except on terms which cannot be acceded to, there seems to be no way of securing the release of these gentlemen, but by resorting to retaliatory measures.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Third indorsement.]

I respectfully recommend that two rebel prisoners of war of the rank of captain be placed in solitary confinement and so kept until the two (Richardson and Browne) shall be released by the rebel authorities, notice of the fact being sent through Mr. Ould. If this does not effect the purpose, more severe measures may be resorted to.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General.

[Fourth indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, August 14, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the General-in-Chief for remarks.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Fifth indorsement.]

AUGUST 15, 1863.

Approved.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

DEPOT PRISONERS OF WAR,

Near Sandusky, Ohio, August 6, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I am in receipt of your letter of the 30th [31st] ultimo respecting the purchase of clothing by the prisoners. A copy has been furnished the sutler, and also put on the store inside. Many boxes of clothing come here for prisoners from friends. They also write to friends for clothing and boots, &amp;c. (and they are sent as presents), sometimes sending measures. Thus far such clothing has been delivered, except uniforms. Many of the prisoners now here have fine clothing which they brought with them. Shall I allow such clothing and boots to be delivered when sent by friends, and shall I allow prisoners to write to friends for clothing without giving description of what is allowed?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM S. PIERSON,

Major Hoffman's Battalion, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Near Orleans, August 7, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK, Commander-in-Chief, &c.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of the 25th July I have received. It gives me pleasure to say, in reply, that the parole of the prisoners captured

