
difficult to make up the equivalents for the Confederates declared exchanged by Mr. Ould, and you will find it most convenient to make a declaration covering all our paroled troops up to some time in July.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

NORFOLK, VA., August 7, 1863.

To the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED SATES:

SIR: I most respectfully request that so soon as the record in the case of Dr. D. M. Wright, charged with the murder of Lieutenant Sanborn, shall be laid before you, you will telegraph the Honorable L. H. Chandler and myself, fixing some day when we may appear before you and present the mass of testimony which has been taken to prove the insanity of Doctor Wright, and also to present such statements in regard to the manner of conducting his trial, and to the facilities afforded him for making anything like a fair defense, as the facts of the case will justify.

I am, with the highest respect,

LEMUEL J. BOWDEN.

INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Charleston, S. C., August 7, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I visited this morning the prisoners' hospital in Queen street, opened exclusively for the wounded Federals captured on Morris Island on the 11th and 18th of July last.

The hospital is in charge of Surg. J. L. Dawson, with the following attendants:

Assistant Surgeons Ancrum; J. R. Mood; W. W. Andrews, wardmaster; James Spencer, f. m. c. steward; Mrs. C. D. Webb, matron; Dulin, Powell, Finigan, Maloy, nurses, two of whom are employed during the day and two at night; two washers; two cooks.

The number of wounded prisoners actually in hospital is as follows:

One commissioned officer, Captain Payne; two sergeants, one of whom is a negro; one corporal; thirty-five privates, twenty-five of whom are negroes and ten only white, the whole making an aggregate of thirty-nine wounded prisoners.

The hospital is apparently well managed, the room being kept as clean as can expected under present circumstances. The beds and bedding are of a rough, but good material. The patients, white and black, appear to be well cared for and treated with due kindness and humanity.

Mosquite nets are needed. Assistant Surgeon Ancrum informs me that from forty-five to fifty would be required for the present.

A negro by the name of Charles Stanton, wounded when taken to hospital, but now well, is doing duty as nurse for the wounded negroes. I suggest that it would be proper to dispose of him as was done with the other negro prisoners captured on Morris Island; that is, transfer him at once to the State authorities.

I met with no visitors at the hospital. Assistant Surgeon Ancurm says that the prisoners are not interfered with as they formerly were,

