
WASHINGTON, D. C., August 8, 1863.

Governor JOHN A. ANDREW, Boston, Mass.:

If you have a list of the colored prisoners held in Charleston, and any details in regard to their more of treatment, showing whether or not they are kept in close confinement, please communicate the same to this Department, in order that such measures as are justified by the laws of war may be taken for their protection. No official report has been received by this Department upon the subject.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

BOSTON, August 8, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

No list of prisoners in Charleston or details of treatment yet received by the Governor.

H. WARE,

Acting Military Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS C. S. CAVALRY, August 8, 1863.

Brigadier General GEORGE L. ANDREWS,Commanding U. S. Forces, Port Hudson, La.:

SIR: Your communication on the 5th instant per flag of truce is at hand, and in reply I will state that if any negroes in arms have been hung by troops of this command it was done without my knowledge, or by some one, if at all, without authority from me. The report that negroes, after capture, were beaten is false.

Should your exercise cruel or unkind treatment toward any officer or soldier captured by your forces belonging to this command I shall most certainly use the severest means of retaliation upon all negroes or white men protected by the U. S. flag now in or those that may hereafter fall into my hands.

The officers and soldiers of your command captured by my forces at Jackson and other places will be placed in close confinement until your policy toward officers and soldiers captured from this command is made known to me.

I am, &amp;c.,

JNO L. LOGAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 8, 1863.

Major General R. C. SCHENCK,

Commanding Middle Department, Baltimore, Md.:

GENERAL: General Meredith, commissioner for exchange of prisoners, informs me that he is constantly receiving prisoners of war, line officers and chaplains, form Baltimore, whom he is obliged to send to Fort Norfolk, where there is no room for them. By direction of the Secretary of War I have the request that prisoners of war may not be forwarded to Fort Monroe except by orders through this office. Line officers should be the depot on Johnson's Island, and if medical

