
acquaintance of those gentlemen to their staunch devotion to our cause, known and read of all Kentuckians as ultra and uncompromising rebels. While our armies occupied Kentucky last fall no man was more active or zealous in our cause than Doctor Hannah. General Marshall and staff dined with him while stationed at Mount Sterling. Mr. Howard and staff dined with him while stationed at Mount Sterling. Mr Howard is personally known to a great number of Kentuckians here in this brigade and has perhaps done as much or more for us than any man in Montgomery County, Ky. With Mr. Wilson's politics I am not so well acquainted, but he has always been looked upon as our friend and his association with those other gentlemen I consider good evidence of it.

With the mission of these gentlemen to the South I have no sympathy, as I understand they come to intercede (either from motives of friendship or interest) in behalf of Captain Samuel McKee, U. S. Army, who is understood to be under sentence of death at Richmond. However, this does not alter the politics of these gentlemen who are known to be true to us and whose misfortune we all regret. Judge Moore, Member of Congress from Kentucky, I know is intimately acquainted with them, a resident of Mount Sterling himself, and I suppose that Governor Hawes and colonel Simms and others of the Kentuckians of prominence and undoubted loyalty are also acquainted with one or more of the parties. I know that General Marshall is acquainted with Doctor Hannah and Mr. Howard, and I should not think it necessary to say a word but from the fact that Congress has adjourned and that none of the gentlemen above named I suppose are in richmond. From this (General Preston's) brigade any amount of testimony I doubt not could be produced and to the fidelity of these gentlemen to our cause. If any suspicion has ever been cast upon it I am ignorant thereof. As to my own right to speak in their behalf I have nothing to recommend me but my own devotion to our cause, in whose service I have been humbly laboring for sixteen months, first as a private, recently as assistant adjutant-general to Brigadier General H. Marshall.

Hoping that no difficulty may be experienced by those gentlemen in clearing themselves from all suspicion,

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

EDW. O. GUERRANT.

P. S. -I resided, when at home, at Sharpsburg, Ky., in twelve miles of Mount Sterling, Ky., the place of Doctor Hannah and Mr. Wilson's residence. They will remember me as a son of Doctor Guerrant.

E. O. G.

[Indorsement.]

They have been discharged.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIANA AND MICHIGAN,Indianapolis, June 15, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: Your favor of the 11th instant is at hand. The trouble about Camp Morton as a depot for rebel prisoners is twofold. In the first place the situation of affairs in this State is such that all the troops may be required any day, as part are all the time, in various localities to put down resistance of men organized and armed against the conscription. In the second place, should there be an extensive insurrection the insurrectionists would seek to free and arm the rebel prisoners.

