
officers and chaplains cannot be conveniently provided for at Fort McHenry they also should be sent to Johnson's Island. I learn accidentally that there are prisoners of war at Fort Miffin. If such is the case I have the honor to request that the commanding officer may be directed to make the necessary rolls, returns, &amp;c., to this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 126. Cincinnati, Ohio, August 8, 1863.

I. In consequence of the large number of applications in this department from prisoners of war to take the oath of allegiance, Brigadier General N. C. McLean, provost-marshal-general, will, by authority of the Secretary of War, examine such cases, and when satisfied of the honesty of their intentions will release the applications on their taking the oath and furnishing sufficient bounds.

II. All communications for prisoners of war must pass through the office of Brigadier General N. C. McLean, provost-marshal-general of the department.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Charleston, August 8, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: On the 23rd of July last I had the honor to submit to you a copy of a demand made up General Beauregard for certain negro slaves and commissioned officers captured in arms on James and Morris Islands on the 11th and 18th of the same month. In the same letter also called your attention to the question of delivering to me the free negroes captured at the same time. In reply to my demand on General Beauregard he says in a letter of 23rd of July last:

I have to acquaint you that in view of the grave international questions which may be involved I have left in my duty to submit your letter for the consideration and for the orders of the Government.

I have now the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 1st instant, in which you inform me that you have "directed the delivery of the captured negroes to the authorities of South Carolina", but say nothing as to the commissioned officers captured in company with the slaves in arms on Morris Island, referred to in my demand upon General Beauregard.

I now respectfully call your attention again to that matter and request that the commissioned officers, in accordance with the President's proclamation announced in General Orders, Numbers 111, of the 24th of December, 1862, fourth section, may also be delivered to the State authorities to be dealt with according to the laws of the State. I have been notified by the commanding general that he is ready to deliver the slaves and free negroes whenever I am ready to receive them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. BONHAM.

