
our delay in a great measure in getting the hospital established. A position has, however, been selected in a wood near a good spring of water, about two miles from town, to which place I hope to have all the smallpox cases removed in the course of the present week. I have made contracts for medical attendance on the sick of the prison with two physicians of Alton, in compliance with Doctor Keeney's recommendation.

I have the honor to be, sir, with much respect, your most obedient servant,

T. HENDRICKSON,

Major Third Infantry, Commanding the Prison.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 10, 1863.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN, President of the United States:

The undersigned citizens of the State of Maine, resident in this city, would respectfully represent to Your Excellency that General Neal Dow, of Portland, in said State, was seriously wounded in one of the assaults made on the batteries at Port Hudson and sent into hospital fort treatment of his wounds. While there he was made a prisoner by the rebels and taken to Richmond, Va.

It is now reported that Jeff. Davis has given him into the hands of the Governor of Alabama, on a requisition from that functionary, to be put on his trial under the laws of that States on the charge, it is understood, of stealing negroes, the penalty for which is death. The result of such a trial in a such place under existing circumstances no one need be told who knows the animus of that people. It will only prove a cloak to cover up a deliberate and malicious murder.

Your petitioners, therefore, most respectfully and earnestly ask that Your Excellency will order that Jeff. Davis and the Governor of Alabama both he notified that General Dow must be in all respects treated as a prisoner of war; that any other treatment of him will be retaliated on rebel officers in your hands in full measure, and that you forthwith make public proclamation of such propose in this case.

As in duty bound will ever pray.

E. B. FRENCH,

[And thirty-one others.]

[First indorsement.]

AUGUST 12, 1863.

Submitted to the Secretary of War and General-in-Chief.

A. LINCOLN.

[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, August 17, 1863.

Referred to General Hitchcock, commissioner of exchange.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 10, 1863.

Major W. S. PIERSON,

Commanding Depot Prisoners of War, Sandusky, Ohio:

MAJOR: In reply to your letter of the 6th instant I have to inform you that you will not permit the prisoners in your charge to make any

