
addition whatever to the stock of clothing they brought with them, except such articles as are absolutely necessary, and the must be of the description heretofore prescribed. One suit of outer clothing and a change of underclothing is all the is necessary. They are not permitted be receive clothing from their friends, nor are they permitted to send for it except so far as may be requisite to supply their absolute wants, and the boxes of clothing you speak of will returned to the persons who sent them. That ordered must be countermanded. Under no circumstances can boots be allowed. This order will be carried out strictly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA,

Headquarters, Charleston, August 10, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: My attention has just been called to the first of the joint resolutions of Congress, approved May 1, 1863, in which it is resolved: "That in the opinion of Congress, the commissioned officers of the enemy ought not to be delivered to the authorities of the respective States as suggested in the said (President's) message". I therefore beg leave to withdraw so much of my communication of the 8th instant as demands of the Confederate Government the surrender of the commissioned officers to me, waiving, for the present, the question in reference to them.

But I deem it proper to call the attention of yourself and the President to the facts the free negroes will be punishable by the laws of South Carolina with death, the Governor having the power under the constitution to commute the punishment, and under the sixth of the joint resolutions above referred to the same penalty is imposed upon the commissioned officers, and the same power of commuting said punishment is vested in the President. It may seem to yourselves advisable that the same degree of punishment should be meted to both classes if convicted and that there should be accord of action between the two authorities.

I will immediately order the trial of the slaves and any free negroes of the Southern States that may be among them, but I will delay action for the present with regard to the free negroes from the Northern States, hoping soon the hear from you on the subject.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. BONHAM.

[First indorsement.]

AUGUST 14, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to the President for consideration and instructions to me.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

The views of the Secretary of War are invited.

J. D.

13 R R-SERIES II, VOL VI

