
MILITARY PRISON, Alton, Ill., August 11, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in compliance with orders from the commanding general of the Department of the Missouri, received here yesterday, I have this day relinquished the command of this prison to Colonel G. W. Kincaid, of the Thirty-seventh Iowa Volunteers, which regiment is on duty here as guard to the prison.

I have the honor to be, sir, with much respect, your most obedient servant,

T. HENDRICKSON,

Major Third Infantry.

OFFICE ASSISTANT COMMISSARY OF PRISONERS,

Camp Morton, August 11, 18633.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

SIR: At last I have succeeded in getting my report of prisoners for the month of July ready. When I reported for duty at this camp on the 8th of July I found 111 prisoners here, but no rolls or books, and everything in confusion in all matters pertaining to prisoners of war and they camp in general. Near the close of the month the prisoners of Morgan's command were sent in, without rolls, and scarcely had they arrived until may of their friends came with permits form Major-General Burnside to see their relatives, and many more came with clothing, &amp;c., and, taking all together, we were waiting on them all day and compelled to get up our office work at night. I am happy to say that this state of things is now past, as no more permits to see prisoners are granted and Brigadier-General Willcox has made arrangements to have letters and packages examined by an officer at his headquarters in the city. I will forward rolls in a few days of those "joined" in this month up to the present time. Please send me blank monthly returns, as I have not one in this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD J. ROBINSON,

Lieutenant and Assistant Commissary of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, August 11, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I had the honor recently to suggest, in a communication to you, the expediency of assembling near the North Carolina mountains a number of regiments of paroled prisoners. Amongst others I would suggest that the brigade of Actg. Brigadier General Alex. W. Reynolds be so employed. Whatever disposition may be ultimately made of them, these regiments can certainly be assembled more readily in East Tennessee or Western North Carolina than at the general rendezvous at Demopolis. Their presence in the vicinity of the mountain districts would over ware the bushwhackers, and they could be advantageously and, I think, properly employed in sustaining the civil authorities when they could not be ordered to field duty.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General, Commanding.

