
[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,Cincinnati, Ohio, August 29, 1863.

Respectfully returned with reference to General Orders, Numbers 286, War Department*.

By order of Brigadier-General McLean:

OSCAR MINOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,Louisville, August 31, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, with the request to be furnished with instructions for the disposition of the prisoners. If they are to be held until application can be made for their release to the Secretary of War it is requested that some depot of prisoners be indicated to which they may be forwarded, there not being sufficient room in the prison here, which was designed merely as one of transfer.

By order of Brigadier-General Boyle:

STEPHEN E. JONES,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

[AUGUST 12, 1863. - For Seddon to Smith, on the subject of retaliation, see Series I, Vol. XXII, Part II, p. 964.]

GAINESVILLE, August 12, 1863.

JEFFERSON DAVIS, Richmond:

Please inform me if it would be violating parole to arm men for purpose of drill? Discipline cannot be preserved without it. Troops are coming rapidly in.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, August 13, 1863.

General S. A. MEREDITH, &amp;c.:

SIR: In answer to your communication of the 7th instant, covering the letter of Mr. Ould of the 5th instant, I have to inclose for your guidance a memorandum from Major-General Halleck, approved by the Secretary of War, containing the decision upon the letter referred to, upon which you can confer with Mr. Ould upon your next interview with them, presenting the proposition as a definite one without argument on your part.

Should be proposal be accepted with authority you will only need to make the declaration it contemplates. If it should not be accepted, you will please merely transmit any observations which Mr. Ould may desire to present for such action as may be determined upon at general headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

---------------

Major General of Vols. and Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

* See August 17, p. 212.

---------------

