
improvements are required to put the hospital in a satisfactory condition. Please examine into this matter and cause the fund to be used to purchase such articles as are recommended by the surgeon in charge, or as may be necessary, and use the fund also to put the hospital in a healthful and safe condition. Expensive repairs should not be paid out of the found, but such as are suggested I think may we be, viz: New window sills of plank, bars inside of the windows, substitute gratings for wooden doors to increase the ventilation, stop the leakage of officers' privy into recreation rooms, &amp;c. When a few prisoners are employed at hard labor for the benefit of the others, particularly mechanics, it would seem to be right that they should receive a small compensation out of the fund when it is sufficiently large to admit of it. They should not receive over 25 cents per day where the circumstances, in your judgment, justify it. It the amount is over a dollar or two it should be placed to the man's credit.

The foregoing may perhaps apply equally to the Myrtel Street prison. Please report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CHICAGO, August 13, 1863.

Colonel HOFFMAN:

Camp Douglas in good condition to accommodate 8,000 prisoners. I have 125 guards.

J. S. PUTNAM,

Captain, Commanding Post.

JOHNSON'S ISLAND,

Near Sandusky, Ohio, U. S., August 13, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War, Richmond:

DEAR SIR: There about - Confederate officers confined here as prisoners of war. About - were captured at Gettysburg, and the balance belong mostly to our Western army. This is the general depot for all Confederate officers, except those who belong to General Morgan's command. There are but few men in the crowd who have a change of clothing, and as our money is worthless here there are but few who have the means to purchase what they much need. I would respectfully suggest to you the propriety of sending to each officer here (if in your power's to do so) one month's pay in U. S. money. It would enable each officer to purchase a supply of comfortable clothing for the cold season, which in this section is close upon us. It would also be the means of preventing a large amount of suffering, sickness, and death.

In thus addressing you I am no actuated by any personal motive. I have friends and relatives in the United States who cheerfully supply all my needs. I write in behalf of my brother officers who are in need and must suffer unless something is done to relieve them. I neither ask nor desire anything for myself. Our treatment here is kind and humane. Our rations are good both in quantity, and all we need to make us comfortable is a supply of clothing.

Hoping that this matter will receive your attention,

I am, yours, respectfully,

J. R. BEARE,

Lieutenant, Fifteenth Alabama Regiment, Prisoner of War,

Johnson's Island, Sandusky, Ohio, U. S.

