
Mississippi, have been scattered far and wide over this department. This was also an act of bad faith to which I respectfully call the attention of the War Department.

I have the honor to inclose you a copy of an order for all officers and soldiers paroled upon the surrender of the garrisons at Vicksburg and Port Hudson in the department, whether on furlough or otherwise, to report at the various camps of instruction by the 15th proximo. If by that time I ascertain from the military authorities of the enemy that the announcement above quoted is truce, and no instructions are received from the Secretary of War, I shall release the paroled officers and soldiers of the garrisons of Vicksburg and Port Hudson from the obligations of their paroles and order them on duty.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 36. Shreveport, La., August 14, 1863.

* * * * * *

II. All officers and soldiers belonging to the garrisons of Vicksburg and Port Hudson previous to the surrender of those places who may be within the Department of Trans-Mississippi, either by furlough or otherwise, will report by the 15th day of September next, or at the expiration of their furlough, at one of the following-named places, viz: Those from Arkansas, at the camp of instruction at Washington, Ark. ; from Missouri, at Little Rock, Ark. ; from Louisiana, at the camp of instruction near Shreveport, La. ; from Texas, at the places directed by Major-General Magruder. The quartermaster's department will furnish necessary transportation to officers and men reporting in compliance with this order.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., August 14, 1863.

Major General R. TAYLOR, Alexandria, La.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the lieutenant-general commanding to inclose* you the accompanying copy of a letter addressed this day to General Cooper. He also directs me to say that he wishes you to open a correspondence, with the commanding officer of the Yankee forces near you for the purpose of ascertaining definitely whether the announcement in the Era of the 6th instant in regard to the release of Brashear City prisoners is true, and if said prisoners have been released to learn as precisely as possible the reasons for this action of the Yankee authorities.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

GEO. WILLIAMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See next, ante.

---------------

