
vampires in all parts of the country and particularly in the South. Therefore we think he deserves and ought to receive the special efforts of his friends and our Government for his protection in his present imminent peril. General Dow is one of the representative men, one of the prophets of this age, and as such is of special worth to his country and the human race. He is known and honored as such, especially among the friends of temperance and virtue, in all parts of the civilized world.

Such being his special and exceptional character, it seems to us that his case should be made a special and exceptional one by the Government. It is for these, among other reasons, that we ask your special action for his protection from the outrages and wrongs with which he is threatened by his and our country's enemies. We trust our prayer will not be in vain nor your action without effect. An early decision is most respectfully and earnestly solicited. Please communicate the result of your deliberations to,

Your obedient servant,

DARIUS FORBES.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 286. Washington, August 17, 1863.

Irregularities having occurred in the discharge of prisoners of war, through the exercise of discretionary power by some of the department and other commanders, it has become necessary to order:

1. No prisoner of war, after having been reported to the Commissary-General of Prisoners, will be discharged except upon an order from the commissioner for the exchange of prisoners, who will act under instructions from this Department.

2. All applications and recommendations for discharge will be forwarded to the Commissary-General of Prisoners, who will indorse on each application such facts bearing on the case as may be matter of record in his office, when the application will be submitted for the decision of the Department through the commissioner for the exchange of prisoners.

3. In general, the mere desire to be discharged upon taking the oath of allegiance will furnish no sufficient ground for such discharge; but cases where it can be shown that the prisoner was impressed into the rebel service, or which can plead in palliation extreme youth, followed by open and declared repentance, with other reasons, whatever they may be, may be especially reported.

4. In all cases a descriptive list of those discharged will be furnished by the officer making the discharge for file in the office of the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

5. The oath of allegiance when administered must be taken without qualification, and can in no case carry with it an exemption from any of the duties of a citizen.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS PAROLED AND EXCHANGED PRISONERS,Demopolis, Ala., August 17, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Morton, Miss.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose herewith copy of a dispatch received from Colonel Ould, agent of exchange, Richmond, Va., which

