
states that all men delivered at City Point, Va., to July 20, 1863, are exchanged. It is very important that this should be made public and the men be notified where to report; and I would beg to call your attention to my letter of the 14th setting forth the reasons for removing our camp to Cahaba, Ala., and in case that you decide on its being more beneficial to remove it I trust you will give me orders to do so as soon as practicable. If this change of location is decided upon please notify me by dispatch, as very nearly 3,000 men have started from Camp Lee, Va., within the last three weeks, most of whom will be exchanged according to this telegram from Colonel Ould, and as they are scattered through the country I would like to see every exertion to make them report for duty.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY C. DAVIS,

Major.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, VA., August 15, 1863.

Major HENRY C. DAVIS, Demopolis, Ala.:

All Confederate officers and men delivered at City Point, Va., prior to July 20 are duly exchanged.

R. OULD,

Agent.

[AUGUST 18, 1863. --For Beauregard to Gillmore, in relation to the exchange of prisoners of war, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. XXVIII, Part II, p. 45.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, August 18, 1863.

Major General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding Confederate Forces South of Red River, La.:

GENERAL: It has been reported to me, and in such a manner that I am not at liberty to discredit the truth of the statement, that Captain Albert Allen, Sixth Regiment, Corps d'Afrique, and Lieutenant Page, Ninth Regiment, Corps d'Afrique, formerly known as the First and Fourth Regiments, U. S. Volunteers, are held prisoners and "in close confinement and in irons" at Shreveport, La. I respectfully request that you will inform me whether this statement is in accordance with the facts, and if so upon what ground this extraordinary procedure is founded. Should this report be confirmed it will become my duty to treat in the same manner the Confederate prisoners of war now held in this department.

I have the honor to be, with respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, August 18, 1863.

General S. A. MEREDITH,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners:

SIR: You will take the first occasion of an interview with Mr. Ould, or other agent in his stead, to inquire into the case of General Neal Dow, who was taken prisoner near Port Hudson, and, according to information received here, not yet authenticated, and therefore it is

