
hoped not well founded, has been delivered to the Governor of Alabama for trial under the State laws for some alleged offense against said laws.

You will notify the agent for the information of his Government that General Neal Dow is an officer of the U. S. Army, acting prior to his capture under the orders of his Government, and any treatment of him differing in any respect from that due to a prisoner of war will be regarded as a violation of the laws of war and will be dealt with accordingly.

Submitted to and approved by the Secretary of War and the General-in-Chief.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK.

WASHINGTON, August 18, 1863.

General MEREDITH:

Exchange grade for grade, or condition for like condition; that is, captains for captains, surgeons for surgeons, &amp;c.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 18, 1863.

Brigadier General G. MARSTON, Commanding Point Lookout, Md.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 10th instant was duly received and that of the 15th is now before me. On the 12th instant I requested General Schenck to order some 800 prisoners from Baltimore to Point Lookout, and I have supposed they had arrived there long since. I will repeat the order to-day, and I will also order some 400 or 500 from this city. Please keep me advised of your readiness to receive prisoners so that I may know when to send them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 18, 1863.

Major W. S. PIERSON,

Commanding Depot Prisoners of War, Sandusky, Ohio:

MAJOR: Your letter of the 14th instant, relating to clothing for prisoners, is received, and in reply to that part of it in which you anticipate the coming destitution of some of them I would refer you to paragraph Numbers 4 of the regulations,* which provide for obtaining and issuing as much clothing as may be necessary. In my instructions relative to the color of the clothing which may be furnished to them by their friends, my design was to prevent them being so dressed as to facilitate their escape in a crowd, and having this in view I leave it to your discretion to decide how far you may deviate from the prescribed color. It is not a matter of so much consequence with pants as with coats. The quality of the clothing, as I have prescribed it, will not be deviated from. Contributions of the clothing, if of the proper character, may be retained for distribution till needed. Allow no clothing of a different

---------------

*See Vol. IV, of this series, p. 152.

---------------

