
character to what I prescribe to be delivered on the permit of General Burnside without first reporting to me. It is expected that the regulations in regard to visitors will be closely adhered to. You will regard no permit not granted by the authority of the War Department or this office, except granted by General Burnside.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 19, 1863.

General MORRIS, Commanding at Baltimore:

The order releasing Mr. Glenn was designed to be absolute.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORT DELAWARE, DEL., August 19, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: In compliance with orders of the 17th instant I have the honor to inclose a report from Asst. Surg. H. R. Silliman, U. S. Army; also one from the surgeons of the rebel army attending voluntarily to their sick at this post. *

From my own observation I consider the prisoners of war at this post in as good condition as it would be possible to keep them at any other place.

The mortality is less at the present time, considering the number of prisoners (about 10,000), than in any city of the same population, taking the fact into consideration that the months of July and August are most fatal to exhausted men, as was the case especially with those from Vicksburg.

In regard to water, I would state that the steam water-tank employed here is supplying a sufficient quantity of good, fresh water from a creek in the neighborhood noted for its pure water. This water is pumped by a steam pump into tanks in close proximity to the barracks, and is used for cooking and drinking by the soldiers of the garrison as well as the prisoners.

The rations are the same as those furnished our own men. Fresh beef is issued four times per week, and fresh vegetables are given them when they can be obtained.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

FORT DELAWARE, August 19, 1863.

Having been prisoners at this fort nearly one month, and being in attendance upon the sick Confederate prisoners every morning, thereby enabled to judge upon their situation, we, the undersigned, surgeons of the C. S. Army, would respectfully ask to make the following statement in regard to the health of the prison of this place:

On careful examination of official lists of deaths we find from July 1, 1863, to August 19, 1863, 180 deaths, making an average of less

---------------

*Only one inclosure found.

---------------

