
asked by them. It will be seen, therefore, by this examination of his address that the accused himself not only disclaims the plea of insanity as an answer to his crime, but actually sets up another, that of self-defense.

It only remains to add, in this connection, that the style of the address, its careful review of the testimony, and its ingenious exhibition of motive go far to repel the supposition that the accused was wanting in mental capacity. No insane person at a period subsequent to his crime could so recall the details of the occurrence or dilate so intelligently upon the motives of his actions. If the President shall be of the opinion that the court did not err in rejecting the testimony above alluded to, offered as it was without any indication of its purpose, and apparently justified, as its exclusion was, by the declaration of the accused himself in his address and by his own treatment of his case and his defense, it then only remains for His Excellency to pass upon the sentence in view of the simple testimony in relation to the crime. The crime then stands in the record as a homicide committed without just cause or provocation, as an undefended assassination, and therefore fully meriting the sentence imposed by the court.

Respectfully submitted.

J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 19, 1863.

Surg. J. SIMONS,

De Camp General Hospital, Davids Island, N. Y. Harbor:

SIR: In my letters of the 25th and 29th ultimo I instructed you as to the amount of clothing to be issued to rebel prisoners of war in your charge, and the quality was fixed with a view not only to save expense to the Government but also that these prisoners might not be returned to the rebel army in better condition for service than when they were captured. By a notice in the New York Herald of yesterday it appears that the Rev. Mr. Goss is acting in concert with the authorities in procuring such necessary articles as the Government refuses to furnish. Please inform me if there is any authority for this notice, and what articles are to be furnished through the agency of Mr. Goss. No contributions of clothing for prisoners of war will be received other than the prescribed articles, except by authority from this office, and such clothing will be issued with the limitations given in my letters above referred to. When there is cause for deviating from the instructions please report the facts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 197. Richmond, August 19, 1863.

* * * * * *

VIII. The troops paroled at Vicksburg and Port Hudson and subsequently furloughed will at the expiration of furlough be assembled as follows: Those from Tennessee will be assembled at Chattanooga, Tenn., under the direction of General Bragg, with the exception of

