
Vaughn's brigade, which has already been directed to assemble in East Tennessee at such point as Major-General Buckner shall direct; those from Georgia will be assembled at Atlanta, Ga., under the supervision of Brigadier-General Cumming; those from Alabama will be assembled at Demopolis, Ala., under the supervision of Brigadier General W. M. Gardner, and those from Mississippi and Louisiana will be assembled under the supervision of Lieutenant-General Hardee at Morton, Miss., or at such other place as Lieutenant-General Hardee shall direct.

The troops thus ordered to assemble will be formed and organized, as far as practicable, into their former regiments and battalions and will be reported without delay to this office.

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST,New York City, August 20, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose to you a copy of letter* to Mr. Ould in reply to one from him expressing an intention to declare exchanged Lieutenant-General Pemberton and certain other general officers captured at Vicksburg, and writing me to take their equivalents in our officers captured and paroled at Chancellorsville.

The inadmissible proposition is another evidence of the desperate condition of the rebels and their pressing need of general officers.

This letter was forwarded by me to Mr. Ould before I received notice of my being relieved, and I send it to you to show the exact position of Pemberton and the other rebel officers interested.

General Meredith has been furnished with a copy to enter upon the agency letter book.

I am satisfied, as I have been from the first, that Sawyer and Flinn will not be executed. This was settled by the prompt and significant selections of Lee and Winder.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW.

RICHMOND, August 20, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: On the 7th of July last Lieutenant-Colonel Ludlow addressed me a communication in relation to certain alleged outrages allowed by General Bragg to be perpetrated upon Federal soldiers.

On the 13th of the same month I replied informing the agent of exchange that the paper had been appropriately referred. I now send to you a copy of General Bragg's reply,+ which I hope is satisfactory. If not, he very clearly points out how any further or fuller information may be obtained.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

---------------

*See Ludlow to Ould, July 22, p. 136.

+Not found.

---------------

