
[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 21, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Winder. It does not appear from the within statement that these parties had been or were rendering any service to our sick and wounded. If that fact could be shown it might alter their case. Cannot a fuller statement be obtained? What have the other parties to say? The writer seems to be more anxious about property than anything else.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, August 21, 1863.

Brigadier-General SALOMON,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Helena:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of August 6, instant, in reply to mine of July 31, and to say that, relying upon the faith of your statement that you will act in the matter of the exchange of prisoners "as soon as instructions can be obtained from the proper authorities," I have ordered all the Federal prisoners at this post, both officers and men (except a few who are too ill to be moved), to be paroled preparatory to being sent within the lines of the armies of the United States by a boat which leaves this city to-morrow morning for the specific purpose of transporting them to the mouth of the Arkansas River, or to such other point of delivery as may be found more convenient. The accompanying list* will show the number of officers and men to be delivered up within your lines--5 officers and 154 men.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding District of Arkansas.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, Ark., August 26, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Hurlbut, commanding Sixteenth Army Corps.

The letter of General Price, C. S. Army, referred to within, also General Salomon's answer and an application for instructions, have been forwarded to your headquarters, on August 7, and to answer received. The prisoners (list of whom is hereby inclosed) are forwarded with this boat for proper disposition.

M. MONTGOMERY,

Colonel 25th Wisconsin Infty., Commanding Dist. of Eastern Arkansas.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., September 9, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel William Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

The letters referred to were not received at these headquarters, but it is evident an agreement was made which it is recommended be

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

