
carried out by the speedy exchange of an equal number of rebel prisoners. The men herein named have been forwarded to Saint Louis, Mo., and rolls promptly transmitted.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

[Third indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

November 27, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier General S. A. Meredith, commissioner for exchange of prisoners, Fort Monroe, Va.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

DE CAMP GENERAL HOSPITAL,

Davids Island, N. Y. Harbor, August 22, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 19th instant in regard to clothing issued to wounded prisoners of war, and also inquiring if there is any authority for a notice in the New York Herald signed by the Rev. Mr. Goss. I have issued, as directed by you, underclothing, pants and shoes to about 800 men, who are in tents and who are marched to the mess-sheds for meals. No coats, hats, or stockings have been issued to these men. To those in the pavilions I have issued nothing as yet. In regard to the notice in the New York Herald signed by Mr. Goss I know nothing. That gentleman visited the island and called on me to ascertain what articles of clothing the Government furnished. I do not know if he was actuated by charitable motives or a desire for notoriety. I have received nothing from or heard of him since his visit.

Some charitable gentlemen have sent here several hundred hats, shoes, and a few coarse overshirts. A part of these were issued to the prisoners by the Rev. Mr. Dillon, but upon receiving the orders of General Canby I directed the issue of these articles to be discontinued. I regret that the issue of these articles has caused the most extravagant reports to be made by mischievous, untruthful, and designing parties. Your orders shall be carried out to the best of my ability as long as I remain in charge of this hospital. I would mention here that the clothing and hats of the wounded prisoners were saturated with blood and filled with maggots and vermin, and though an attempt was made to preserve the clothing I was compelled to have the greater portion of it burned. If it is your desire that the hats and shoes sent here by charitable persons should be distributed please inform me. I think the hats would add to the health of the prisoners, and the shoes might save those issued by Government.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. SIMONS,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,August 23, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding U. S. Forces in Louisiana:

GENERAL: I have received your communication of the 17th instant notifying me that you have directed the immediate return to duty of all

