
prisoners paroled by me during my recent occupation of the La Fourche country. You state generally that the paroles were in violation of exchange.

In the absence of any more specific statement from you I am at a loss to imagine in what particular the cartel of exchange has been violated by restoring these prisoners to their liberty upon the usual obligation not to bear arms against the Confederate States until regularly exchanged, after a careful observance of the forms requisite to give efficacy to the parole and in accordance with the practice repeatedly sanctioned and acted upon by both belligerents in this department. If under such circumstances your Government thinks proper to disapprove of the engagement thus solemnly made by these men, the common law and usages of war, as recognized by the Government of the United States in the rules in regard to paroles published by authority of its War Department, require their return and surrender as prisoners of war.

I shall expect, then, the return to me of all the captured men whose engagement has been disowned by the United States Government. Should this not be done, and the order you announce to me be persisted in, I have the honor to inform you that all the prisoners taken and paroled at Vicksburg and Port Hudson and now within the limits of my military district will be released from their paroles and ordered to duty.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

GAINESVILLE, ALA., August 24, 1863.

JAMES A. SEDDON:

Paroled prisoners are determined to believe they cannot be held to service until exchanged. Many prominent persons of the country encourage them. Unless there is prospect of immediate exchange I recommend that each regiment be ordered to rendezvous at given points in its own State, and a brigade camp should also be established in the State where the command may be ordered armed and disciplined. General Stevenson asks authority to reorganize his brigades in West Georgia and East Alabama. The men are coming in, but will not stay in paroled camp at Demopolis. Has Reynolds' brigade been ordered to rendezvous in Tennessee? Please answer immediately. Will forward my report of Vicksburg to-morrow.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Okolona, Miss., August 24, 1863.

Colonel BENJAMIN S. EWELL, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I was lately detached from my command to operate along the line of Memphis and Charleston Railroad. I proceeded to the scene of my operations, and learning that there was a Yankee forage train near Alexander bridge, on the Pocahontas and Ripley road, I made the necessary arrangements and attacked it. In this tight two men, Private John Carraway, Captain White's company, C. S. Army, Private Moses Crisp, my company, State troops, were captured by the enemy, taken to the bridge referred

