
to, and deliberately shot. I call the attention of the general commanding to this murder, to the end that steps may be taken to prevent its recurrence and retaliate upon the enemy if necessary.

I have the honor, colonel, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SOL. G. STREET,

Captain Company A, Lowry's Regiment State Troops, Second Mississippi.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Okolona, August 24, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded and attention particularly called to the case presented.

S. W. FERGUSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DISTRICT,DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,

Columbus, Miss., August 26, 1863.

The atrocious murder committed by the enemy on the two volunteers, John Carraway and Moses Crisp, in an organized company of State troops in the defense of the soil of their State against the invader, apparently demands prompt and vigorous measures of retaliation. I respectfully suggest that the enemy whenever and wherever captured while engaged in acts of robbery and incendiarism, or belonging to bodies committing those criminal acts in violation of the usages of war, be tried on the spot by a drumhead court-martial, and when pronounced guilty then and there executed and the record forwarded, duly signed by every officer on the court-martial. The company of State troops have received orders from time to time from Confederate commanders and co-operated with Confederate troops in the defense of the border. The two Federal prisoners, W. P. Monterey and W. H. Beasley, have been retained in prison as proper subjects for measures of retaliation. On so grave a question, so comprehensive in its bearing, I have deemed it expedient to await specific instructions from department headquarters.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fortress Monroe, August 25, 1863.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners, Washington City, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have just returned from a meeting with the rebel agent of exchange at City Point, and I have the honor to report to you that, in reply to his letter to me, dated August 5, 1863, wherein he claims "that the prisoners captured and paroled by the rebel forces in Maryland and elsewhere prior to the 3rd of July should either be regarded as legally paroled or returned as prisoners of war," I made the following proposition, as directed in the letter of the General-in-Chief to you of August 12, 1863:

CITY POINT, VA., August 24, 1863.

I propose, on behalf of the Government of the United States, that all paroles given by officers and men between the 23rd day of May, 1863, and the 3rd day of July,

15 R R--SERIES II, VOL VI

