HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fortress Monroe, August 26, 1863.

Honorable ROBERT OULD, Agent of Exchange, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Your communication of the 20th instant, in answer to mine of the 19th in relation to Mr. Daniel Gerhart, is received. No case is known of the detention in the North of a non-combatant which assimilates to that of Mr. Gerhart in the South. In all cases of the arrest of non-combatants it has been upon some special causes making it necessary and proper. If there was a disposition North to arrest citizens of the South, merely as such, the positions of the U. S. forces would show every one that such arrests could be made almost without limit. If you will state a case parallel to that of Mr. Gerhart, I will refer it at once to the proper authority, and it will no doubt be considered with every disposition to afford relief.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General and Agent of Exchange.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, August 26, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have examined the plan and estimate submitted to you by His Excellency the Governor of Ohio for the removal of Camp Chase and the erection of a new camp and depot for prisoners of war. I think the estimate less than the probable cost, and the plan or map received with the papers does not designate the location or give information needed for a proper decision.

From information received verbally I am of opinion that the question of removing Camp Chase to a new location deserves careful consideration, and I recommend that the Commissary-General of Prisoners be instructed to visit the camp, examine the neighborhood, and confer with the Governor, and report fully upon the subject, with plans and estimates. If this be approved, I propose to send with him an experienced builder to assist in preparing plans and estimates. The papers are respectfully returned.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 26, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to submit for your consideration the inclosed letter* from Major-General Rosecrans, commanding Department of the Cumberland, reporting the course he has deemed it best to pursue toward deserters from the rebel army, and also a letter+ from Lieutenant Colonel J. F. Hoy, provost-marshal of Department of West Virginia, reporting the disposition made of rebel deserters in that department by order of General Kelley, commanding.

---------------

*See Rosecrans to Hoffman, August 16, p. 207.

+Not found.

---------------

