
and I thought it advisable to have the two raiders recently captured by my men held until the action of General Johnston could be known. I forward to-day a Yankee officer who escaped from his captors, some of General Chalmers' men, I believe, and was recaptured by some of Colonel Inge's men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. FERGUSON,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 168. Morton, Miss., August 26, 1863.

* * * * *

II. Brigadier-General Harris will have the State troops captured at Vicksburg forthwith assembled at Columbus, Miss., to be there paid to the time of their paroles and mustered out of service.

* * * * *

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 27, 1863.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Committee for Exchange, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Information having reached this Department that Brigadier General Neal Dow, an officer in the service of the United States, who was captured by the enemy in the Department of the Gulf, has been turned over to the authorities of the State of Alabama, and is now held by them in violation of the cartel and the usages of war, it is ordered that you select from the rebel prisoners held by the United States an officer of the same rank, and put him in close custody to be held as a hostage for the proper treatment and release of Brigadier General Neal Dow, and that you communicate a copy of this order to the rebel authorities.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, August 27, 1863.

Major-General HITCHCOCK, Present:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs that General John H. Morgan be held in close confinement for the release of General Neal Dow, and Mr. Ould be notified of this selection.

Yours, &c.,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

[Indorsement.]

WASHINGTON, August 27, 1863.

Referred to Colonel Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, with instructions to give the necessary orders to carry out the within order, in conformity with that of the Secretary of War of this date.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major General of Vols., and Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

