
Alton prison. On examining the records of this office I find that instructions were given in February last to release prisoners of war on their taking the oath of allegiance in good faith. These instructions were countermanded in May, but I do not find anything to show that the countermanding order was sent to your headquarters or to Alton, and it is probable that through an oversight it was never forwarded. This will account for the action of Major Hendrickson in this matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

DETROIT, MICH., August 27, 1863.

General JAMES B. FRY:

C. L. Vallandigham is at Windsor, opposite this place. There is an impression that he intends crossing into Michigan. If so shall he be arrested and whether by provost-marshal or military commander; and if arrested where shall he be sent? Give instructions if he should go to Cleveland, Ohio. Please answer at once.

B. H. HILL,

Lieutenant Colonel Fifth Artillery, Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 27, 1863.

Colonel B. H. HILL, Detroit, Mich.:

Get all the information you can about Vallandigham's movements and communicate it to General Burnside.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Cincinnati, August 27, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS:

The following has just been received:

DETROIT, August 27, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Commanding Department of the Ohio:

C. L. Vallandigham is at Windsor, opposite this place. The impression is that he will cross into Michigan. If so, shall he be arrested and where sent?

J. R. SMITH,Military Commander.

In the absence of General Burnside and not being able to communicate to him by telegraph I have ordered that if Vallandigham crosses the river he be arrested and at once sent under a strong guard to Fort Warren.

W. P. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, August 27, 1863.

Colonel J. R. SMITH, Detroit:

C. L. Vallandigham must not be allowed to cross into Michigan. Should he offer to cross, notify him that it will be your duty to arrest

