
him if he crosses. Let him be arrested and sent by steam-boat to Johnson's Island, Sandusky. Is the U. S. steamer Michigan in port? If so, apply to the commanding officer for co-operation.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, August 27, 1863.

Honorable ROBERT OULD, Agent of Exchange, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I would again earnestly call your attention to the case of Messrs. Richardson and Browne, correspondents of the New York Tribune. In yours of August 20 you state "that there is no fair and reciprocal rule which may be proposed for mitigating the horrors of this war that will not be cheerfully adopted by the Confederate authorities. " Now, sir, I think that the Confederate authorities could not have a better opportunity for reciprocating than in the case of the two gentlemen above named, for when Vicksburg was captured the editors of the Whig and Citizen fell into our hands and were immediately paroled and sent away. If you are sincere, then, in your offers, I call upon you to give me evidence thereof by immediately releasing Messrs. Richardson and Browne.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General and Commissioner for Exchange.

DEMOPOLIS, ALA., August 27, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

Am I relieved from command of paroled prisoners? The following telegram was received this morning:

CHATTANOOGA, August 27.

Major-General STEVENSON:

You will reassemble your command at Atlanta.

By command of General Bragg:

GEO. W. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

General Hardee informs me that he is in command of all paroled prisoners in Mississippi and Trans-Mississippi Department.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Demopolis, Ala., August 27, 1863.

SOLDIERS: By direction of the President of the Confederate States I assume command of the paroled prisoners of Mississippi, Arkansas, Missouri, Texas, and Louisiana, recently forming a part of the garrisons of Vicksburg and Port Hudson.

I could desire no greater honor than the command of troops whose sufferings and achievements have added to the renown of their country and compelled the admiration even of their enemies.

In anticipation that you will soon be exchanged, the work of reorganization must proceed with energy. The place of rendezvous is changed from Demopolis, Ala., to Enterprise, Miss. All officers and men must be at their posts. They should be there now. To those present at roll-calls no word is needed. Your daily answers are uttered in the manly

