
tones of duty and honor. Many are absent. You must repair at once to the post of duty. The appeals that meet you on every side are the strongest that in any age have stirred the human heart.

Soldiers, look at your country! The earth ravaged, property carried away or disappearing in flames and ashes, the people murdered, the negroes arrayed against the whites, cruel indignities inflicted upon women and children. Destruction marks the path of our invaders. Their motto is "Woe to the conquered. " He who falters in this hour of this country's peril is a wretch who would compound for the mere boon of life robbed of all that makes life tolerable.

Fellow soldiers! There is but one path to follow; it leads to the camp. Come to your colors and stand beside your comrades, who with heroic constancy are confronting the enemy. Choose now between the glory of successfully defending all that entitles you to the name of men and the infamy of creeping abjectly to the feet of a foe who will spurn your submission and despise your cowardice.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 28, 1863.

Major-General FOSTER, Fort Monroe, Va.:

Please notify, if you can, Senator Bowden, Mr. Segar, and Mr. Chandler, all, or any of them, that I now have the record in Doctor Wright's case, and am ready to hear them. When you shall have got the notice to them, please let me know.

A. LINCOLN.

WASHINGTON, August 28, 1863.

Major-General BANKS, New Orleans:

GENERAL: Your letter of August 17 transmitting copies of forms of paroles taken at Fort Hudson is just received. I perceive from the Richmond newspapers that the enemy is making the very point to which I called your attention, viz, that the paroling and delivering of these prisoners not being in accordance with the terms of the cartel, the parole is not binding, and the men can be returned to the ranks without exchange. This will seriously increase existing difficulties in regard to exchanges. I do not find in the newspapers any specification wherein the cartel was violated in this case, but I presume the ground will be taken that there was no binding agreement between the commanding officers in the field. As General Gardner after becoming a prisoner of war did not command in the field, he was no longer a commanding officer and could not bind his Government. Had the agreement been made by him before his unconditional surrender, it would have clearly been within the terms of the cartel.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,August 28, 1863.

General GRANT, Vicksburg:

In drawing up my letter for the flag of truce to-morrow, I was led to examine more critically the Dix-Hill cartel, General Orders, Numbers 142, of

