
1862. By article 5 each of the contending parties has the right to release from their parole any of their exchanged prisoners, simply furnishing to the adverse party a list of the names of the persons so released. It does not appear that we must have notice of such release. Lee may simply answer that he has notice from Richmond, and don't care whether we have notice or not. If you say so, I will prepare a letter and telegraph it to you for approval before dispatching it. I don't want those fellows to get an advantage of us on paper, as they are great braggarts and would make the most of it. *

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

[AUGUST 28, 1863. --For Sherman to Rawlins, in relation to return to duty of General S. D. Lee and other Confederates paroled at Vicksburg, see Series I, Vol. XXX, Part III, p. 197.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp on Big Black, Miss., August 28, 1863.

General W. H. JACKSON,

Commanding Division of Cavalry, C. S. Army, Canton:

GENERAL: I had the honor to receive on the 24th instant at the hands of Captain Moorman your letter of the 23d. The lady, Mrs. Cotton, was sent to Vicksburg by cars. I also according to the request of Captain Moorman communicated to Mrs. General Tilghman, at Clarksville, Tenn., the sad news of the death of her son Lloyd.

I have noticed by your newspapers that General Stephen D. Lee has been assigned to command the cavalry forces in the State of Mississippi, and that he entered on his duties about the 20th instant. Our official advices from Washington come down to a much later period, and we have no notice that the Vicksburg prisoners of any of them have been exchanged. Such a notice is universally required in war, and is specifically required by the Dix-Hill cartel, article 5. If General Lee is in command I request this letter be considered as addressed to him, and that he communicate to me the simple fact that he has received notice of his exchange from the proper quarters in Richmond, and if possible the name of the officer or officers taken as his equivalent. This information will enable me and General Grant to repress a growing belief that your authorities design to disregard the Vicksburg paroles, which I cannot suppose.

I send this communication by the hands of my aide, Captain Dayton, and escort of twenty-five men, accompanied by Colonel Coolbaugh, who is well acquainted with many of your officers, and I authorize them to carry along a budget of newspapers, full of the current gossip of the world, in which I know you feel more interest than you would have us outside barbarians believe. +

With great respect, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*For reply, see Series I, Vol. XXX, Part III, p. 197.

+Ibid., p. 228.

---------------

