
[Second indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSIONER FOR EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS,

Fort Monroe, Va., August 30, 1863.

Respectfully returned to Major-General Foster with a reference to accompanying letter from R. Ould, rebel agent for exchange.

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General and Commissioner of Exchange.

RICHMOND, VA., August 28, 1863.

JOHN GRAHAM, Esq.:

MY DEAR SIR: Yours of the 21st instant has been received. Your brother is comfortable and is improving. It is not true that the Secretary of War has endeavored to effect his release. I am now and have been at all times ready to exchange and release him for a brigadier-general whom I may name. I have so great a desire to gratify you that I can say I will exchange your brother for any brigadier whom you have in confinement. I am amazed that it should be represented to you that any special effort has been made for the exchange of your brother.

I have a very pleasing recollection of the time when we met. We were in contest, but it was without the horrors that attend this. I could say more, but even my privilege with the flag of truce is limited. I shall always be happy to gratify you in the line of my duty. If your brother is not released it will not be any fault on this side.

Yours, truly,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

RICHMOND, August 28, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Since the order for the court of inquiry it was considered that your presence before the court would be necessary. Hence the paroled prisoners of your command have been ordered to assemble. Those from Tennessee at Chattanooga or Atlanta under General Bragg; those from Georgia at Atlanta under General Cumming; those from Alabama at Demopolis under General W. M. Gardner, and those from Mississippi and Louisiana under General Hardee at Morton.

This relieves you from duty with that command and will enable you to give your attention to investigation before the court.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 29, 1863.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 16th instant has been submitted to the Secretary of War, and I am instructed to reply as follows: Deserters from the rebel army will be disposed of permanently at the discretion of the commander of the department in which they may be found. If

