
instructions and in some few cases when from peculiar circumstances commanders of departments were permitted to recognize paroles given by our men after the publication of General Orders, Numbers 49, no paroles are considered as binding but those given preparatory to delivery at the places agreed upon under the provisions of the cartel.

It does not appear by the descriptive rolls of the prisoners paroled at the Yazoo hospital that they were delivered at either of the designated places or that there was any exchange of authenticated rolls giving names, &amp;c., and without these formalities the paroles cannot be held as valid, nor can an exchange for the parties be demanded.

I respectfully submit the matter for your consideration.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., June 18, 1863.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners, Baltimore, Md.:

GENERAL: I forward the inclosed letter form Colonel Chandler to you in order that he may be the more satisfactorily informed of the cause of his detention at the Old Capitol Prison. I have in my possession an official paper from Mr. Ould stating that "no such person as D. T. Chandler holds a commission in the Army of the Confederate States of America," and they are therefore not likely to hold an officer as a hostage for him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

Colonel HOFFMAN:

I return Colonel Chandler's letter with a note, which if you thin, proper you may informally send him.

Yours,

E. A. HITCHCOCK.

[Inclosure.]

OLD CAPITOL PRISON, June 14, 1863.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK, U. S. Army,

Commissioner for Exchange, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to invite your attention to the following statement: I was arrested in the Lower Potomac and within the jurisdiction of the State of Maryland on the 9th of February last, in company with three other civilians and brought to the Washington Jail, where after a short sojourn I was transferred to this prison. About the 15th of March last, there being no charges against me, I was seen with 305 other civilians (including those arrested in company with me) to Fortress Monroe en route to City Point to be exchanged as required by the agreement entered into between the Government of the United States and that of the Confederate States. On arriving at the former place I was informed that an order had been received from Colonel Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, directing me to be brought back to this place, which was done, and I have since been kept continuously in confinement in this prison. No reason ha ever been assigned to me for my prolonged detention, and in reply to

