
terms, a descriptive list of each case will be preserved at the headquarters of the department, and a copy transmitted to the Commissary-General of Prisoners, as a means of detecting any violation of the condition of the discharge. The course to be pursued for the discharge of prisoners of war is prescribed in General Orders, Numbers 286, a copy of which is herewith inclosed. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

(Same to Generals Burnside, Grant, Dix, Schofield, Banks, Gillmore, Brooks, Morris, and Kelley.)

WASHINGTON, August 31, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: In compliance with your instructions I visited Point Lookout yesterday and have the honor to report:

There are about 800 sick and wounded Union soldiers in hospital at that place; about 1,800 rebel prisoners of war encamped on the Chesapeake side near the point, and a guard of 400 Union troops encamped on the Potomac side, opposite the camp of rebel prisoners, all under the command of General Marston.

I found everything apparently in excellent order; guards well posted with every appearance of vigilance and security.

General Marston thinks that with a cavalry force of 100 men he could do much toward suppressing blockade running, and in the preservation of order in the country where his camp is situated. If furnished with horses and cavalry equipments a sufficient number of men might be added from his infantry command to answer the purpose, and I respectfully recommend that this be done.

There are two gun-boats at the point, one with about forty men (as I was informed), the other "not half manned," and neither of them have the use of steam power; one having no engine, the other a wholly disabled engine.

I saw three gun-boats between the point and Alexandria, but their condition is unknown to me.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major General of Vols. and Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 31, 1863.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: In reply to your inquiries of the 26th instant in regard to regulations which may have been heretofore issued for the disposition of the effects of deceased rebel prisoners of war, I have the honor to say that such cases have not been before presented to me, as no regulations to provide for them have as yet been issued. I shall immediately notify officers in charge of prisoners of war that all money left by those who may die will be turned into the prison fund, a receipt being taken for the amount by the surgeon and forwarded to this

---------------

*See p. 212.

---------------

