
to Point Lookout, and if you will prepare rolls for 1,000 or 1,500, as you may think best, I will send the order for their transfer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL, DIST. OF THE BORDER,

Kansas City, September 1, 1863.

Brigadier General T. EWING,

Commanding District of the Border:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that up to this date there have been issued from this office orders of banishment against sixty-four persons, many of them heads of families, living in Kansas City and its vicinity and Independence and its vicinity. This list embraces a large proportion of the most dangerous. A number yet remain, a few of whom I will ask a reconsideration upon in a few days. I would most respectfully ask a reconsideration of the orders in the case of Dr. B. M. Jewett, Mrs. Maria Gilham, and Nehemiah Holmes-the two former upon my own knowledge of the parties, the latter upon the representations of loyal citizens, who think the order was intended for his brother, Hezekiah, against whom an order has this day been issued. The latter I believe to be much the most obnoxious man. A large number have been placed upon a suspected list and orders will be given the detective force to keep them under close surveillance until additional evidence is obtained.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. T. VAN HORN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Provost-Marshal.

RICHMOND, VA., September 1, 1863.

Honorable THOMAS BRAGG, Raleigh, N. C.:

DEAR SIR: I have received your letter of the 10th ultimo relative to the unfortunate situation of Doctor Wright, of Norfolk, and would gladly do anything in my power to rescue him from an enemy regardless alike of the laws and customs of civilized people in their dealings with us. The doctor and his friends have my deepest sympathy. The case had already received my attention before your letter reached me, but I have been unable to devise any method which seemed likely to render him effective service.

With assurances of my friendly regard and esteem, I am, very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, September 1, 1863.

His Excellency M. L. BONHAM,

Governor of South Carolina, Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: Your letter of the 10th ultimo was submitted by me to the President with the following indorsement: *

After due deliberation the President returned the communication with these remarks: #

I submit these indorsement as expressing, more clearly than I might

---------------

*See third indorsement, p. 194

#See fourth indorsement, p. 194.

---------------

