
A release is surely as operative as the retirement of an "invading army. "

In addition to the foregoing, ex-Mayor Monroe was one of the political prisoners whom the Federal agent agreed to release unconditionally in common with all others in confinement at that time. He was the subject of correspondence between us, and I more than once demanded his release in pursuance of the agreement. In accordance with these views, I have given to ex-Mayor Monroe a paper, which I have officially signed, stating that he was released from the obligations of the parole given by him on the 1st of August, 1863.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

OKOLONA, MISS., September 1, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: By request of General Ferguson I have to-day mailed you the Memphis Bulletin, giving an account of the execution of two men belonging to Captain Street's command after their capture by the enemy. The general remarked that he had written you on the subject, and wished me to forward the newspaper as an additional proof that the cold-blooded murder has actually occurred.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

M. MAGEVNEY, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding Rendezvous.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, Morton, September 5, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Lee.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

BENJ. S. EWELL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI,Canton, September 16, 1863.

The paper alluded to never reached this office. The fact of the two men being murdered is well established and should be attended to. If the papers now in the possession of Colonel Ewell on this subject be sent me, I will make it the subject of a communication to the Federal commander at Memphis, if this is considered necessary. In my opinion retaliation is necessary.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT TRANS-MISSISSIPPI,Shreveport, La., September 1, 1863.

Major General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding District of Louisiana, Alexandria, La.:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of the 23rd ultimo, inclosing correspondence between yourself and Major-General Banks, of the U. S. Army, I am instructed by the lieutenant-general commanding

