
generals commanding the opposing forces, viz, between Generals Grant and Pemberton at Vicksburg and between Generals Banks and Gardner at Port Hudson. Their paroles were in every respect, in form and substance, in conformity to the agreement between the belligerents by which the subject is governed, viz, the cartel of July, 1862. It is proper to say in this connection that the paroles previously given by agreement between Generals Taylor and Weitzel, for example, in the case of the Diana, are regarded as valid, and that the paroles administered by the provost-marshals of the United States at Franklin, New Iberia, and Opelousas during our occupancy of the Teche country are, for the above reasons, to be treated as void. The United States makes, and had made, no complaints in regard to the Gettysburg prisoners, but accepts their case and the notice given by the Confederate Government as determining the practice in all cases and as requiring in every instance an exact conformity to the terms of the cartel of exchange.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., September 2, 1863.

Rev. JOHN M. KREBS, Walden, N. Y.:

SIR: Your letter of the 27th ultimo,* addressed to the Secretary of War, communicating an application from a chaplain of the rebel army to be permitted to attend the prisoners of war at the general hospital on Davids Island, has been referred to this office. It is not thought advisable to associate officers and enlisted men, prisoners of war, together, owing to the bad effect of their influence and example, and there is probably no class of officers whose influence is more powerful to keep up the spirits of the rebels than their chaplain. If they would confine themselves to their proper calling there would not be the least objection to their presence among the sick and wounded, but as this is not possible it would be very injurious policy to admit them in the hospitals, where they w ould scarcely preach that our cause is righteous or that they have engaged in the rebellion without a cause.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

RICHMOND, September 2, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: I send you the accompanying letter from Captain W. C. Bird to the Confederate Secretary of War.

It is one of the many confirmations I have received of the breach of the cartel by the authorities of the United States prior to the recent difficulties about that instrument. It appears that you have even now in confinement officers who were declared exchanged more than six months ago. I am very sure you cannot find a case where any such line of conduct has been pursued by the Confederate States.

Will you do the tardy justice of releasing Lieutenant Blackwood and all others who have been declared exchanged?

In one of your communications to me you complained that certain recruits captured by our troops were retained as prisoners. We have

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

