
and clothing might be sent to your prisoners. They have received everything which has been forwarded to them. You, however, can hardly expect that any such rule can be observed on our part when you do not permit money or clothing to be sent to our prisoners. I hope there may be some mistake about this matter. Will you make inquiry into it and let me know the facts?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, August 28, 1863.

I certify that I was taken prisoner at the battle of Gettysburg on the morning of the 3rd of July last; that I was thence taken, via Westminster and Baltimore, to the military prison at Fort Delaware; that whilst there, in answer to a letter of mine requesting a small amount of money and clothing, I received a letter from my sister saying that my wants were to be supplied through Mr. N. F. Owens, a merchant of Baltimore. The next day I received a letter from Mr. Owens saying that my order had been filled and sent to Adams Express Company for transportation. When I inquired at the office of the sergeant or commissary of prisoners (the proper place for such an inquiry) I was informed that by order of general commanding prisoners thereafter would not be permitted to receive clothing or money.

The following day an order was published to the prisoners prohibiting them from writing for clothing or money, and they were frequently warned in my presence on depositing letters for transmission to their friends that if they contained requests for those articles they would be destroyed.

This order was in force when I left, July 30. Prisoners had prior to the refusal to me received clothing and money from their friends in Baltimore and other points.

The money sent me from home ($25, greenbacks) was handed me by General Schoepf a few moments before I left.

H. TILLARD SMITH,

Company A, First Battalion Maryland Infantry.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 208. Richmond, September 2, 1863.

* * * * *

XVII. So much of paragraph VIII, Special Orders, Numbers 197, current series, as refers to the troops to be placed under the supervision of Lieutenant General W. J. Hardee is amended and the paroled prisoners from Missouri, Arkansas, and Texas are hereby included.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF CONNECTICUT, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Norwitch, Conn., September 3, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

DEAR SIR: With this find a statement from highly respected citizens of Mystic River, Conn., respecting the capture of the bark Texan

