
with Captain Thomas E. Wolfe and twelve others of his crew by the piratical steamer Boston, on the 10th of June last, near the mouth of the Mississippi. Captain Wolfe and most of his crew are loyal citizens of this State and are now confined as prisoners of war in Libby Prison at Richmond, Va. They were engaged in a lawful business on private account, and I would respectfully submit the question whether they are rightly held as prisoners of war, and if they are to request you to take measures to secure their exchange as soon as may be consistent with the interests of the service, and if not to ask if you cannot adopt some efficient measures to secure their early discharge.

I am, with high regard, your obedient servant,

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor of Connecticut.

[First indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, September 9, 1863.

Respectfully referred to General Hitchcock, commissioner of exchanges.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

General Meredith will lay this case before Mr. Ould and communicate the answer, returning the papers.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major General of Vols., Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

[Third indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSIONER FOR EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS,

Fort Monroe, Va., September 14, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Honorable R. Ould, agent of exchange.

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General and Commissioner of Exchange.

[Fourth indorsement.]

RICHMOND, September 15, 1863.

Respectfully returned to Brigadier-General Meredith, agent of exchange.

I have already replied fully to this matter in my letter to General Meredith of August 1, 1863. I respectfully suggest that a reply to the proposition therein contained should have been given before a second reference of the same matter was made. The officer and crew of the Texan can be discharged on the release of those similarly situated in Federal prisons. The intimation of insufficient and bad food is false.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

[Inclosure.]

MYSTIC RIVER, CONN., August 18, 1863.

His Excellency WILLIAM A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor of the State of Connecticut:

DEAR SIR: We, the undersigned inhabitants of the towns of Groton and Stonington, beg leave to submit and respectfully ask your attention to the following statement:

On the 10th day of June last the American bark Texan, commanded by Captain Thomas E. Wolfe, was captured, together with her crew, thir-

