
in camps that your command captured and hung or shot certain Federal prisoners and negroes in arms at Jackson, La., on the 3rd ultimo.

Colonel Logan directs that you make a full report of all the acts attendant upon this matter and forward the same in writing without delay to these headquarters.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NED WARREN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Colonel Frank Powers, chief of cavalry.)

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS CONSOLIDATED REGIMENT,September 2, 1863.

Colonel LOGAN, Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: In reply to your note just received and herewith inclosed I would say that a squad of negroes was captured on or about the 3rd of August at Jackson, La. When the command started back the negroes, under guard, were ordered on in advance of the command, and learning that the guard had taken the wrong road, Colonel Powers and myself rode on in advance to put them in the proper route for camp. About the time we were reaching them, or shortly before, four of the negroes attempted to escape. They were immediately fired into by the guard. This created some excitement and a general stampede among them, all attempting to effect their escape, whereupon the firing became general upon them from the guard, and few, I think, succeeded in making good their escape. There were no Federal prisoners among them, having been separated the night previous. No further particulars remembered.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN GRIFFITH,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY COMMAND,September 2, 1863.

JOHN L. LOGAN, Colonel, Commanding:

COLONEL: In compliance with the inclosed order I would say a squad of negroes (in arms) were captured at Jackson, La.

The morning after the affair at Jackson, Colonel Griffith and myself ordered the negroes several hours in advance of the command, so as to arrive in camp at the proper time. Finding the guard took the wrong road, myself and Colonel Griffith rode in advance of the command so as to notify them of the fact and order them back. On the route back four of the negroes attempted to escape. I ordered the guard to shoot them down. In the confusion the other negroes attempted to escape likewise. I then ordered every one shot, and with my six shooter assisted in the execution of the order. I believe few escaped, most of them being killed instantly.

There were not any Federal prisoners with the negroes.

I am, colonel, yours, respectfully,

FRANK POWERS,

Colonel and Chief of Cavalry.

