
being dated after the 22nd of May, and they not having been delivered at a place designated in the cartel, are not valid, and these men should therefore, under the orders of the War Department heretofore issued, be ordered to their regiments. Those named on the rolls who were captured at Gettysburg must be deserters from their regiments, as all who were paroled at that place were soon after ordered to join their regiments, which order these men, it would appeal, failed to obey. I would respectfully suggest that all soldiers reporting at Camp Chase under paroles which are not valid be not reported among the paroled troops, but ordered to duty at once, to be sent to their regiments by the first opportunity.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Dublin, September 5, 1863.

Colonel W. H. POWELL, U. S. Army:

COLONEL: In reply to your communication of August 29 the major-general commanding directs me to say that you are not in close confinement by his order. Two charges alleged against you were communicated to the War Department with the suggestion that they be investigated before you were exchanged. One of the charges was for shooting a Confederate prisoner deliberately. This charge was made by one of your own men, who was taken prisoner on the Wytheville raid, and who volunteered the information. He says he saw you commit the murder. The other charge was burning the houses and barns of Messrs. Handley and Feamster, near Lewisburg, on or about the night of the 9th or 10th of January last, in violation of all law, civil and military. Mr. Handley's house was set on fire when his wife and children were in bed asleep, and they just had time to escape without shoes or proper clothing, on a very cold night. If you can show that these acts were not committed by your or your authority, or if committed by you when acting under orders, the authorities will no doubt place you on a footing with other prisoners. Any communication you desire to make to General Scammon or other officers, to procure the necessary proof, will, if forward to these headquarters, be forwarded by flag of truce.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. B. MYERS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

LIBBY PRISON, Richmond, Va., September 30, 1863.

In answer to the within charges I respectfully reply as follows, to wit: The charge of shooting the Confederate soldier is, as I suppose, based upon the fact of my having shot a Confederate soldier in a regular cavalry charge, made by me on the 7th of January, 1862, in obedience to an order from Colonel William M. Bolles, Second Regiment West Virginia Volunteer Cavalry, U. S. Army, who was then commanding said regiment and present at the time the charge was made and the man shot, a written statement of which, containing the facts in the case, is now in the hands of the Secretary of War, United States of America, furnished by said Colonel W. M. Bolles.

