
OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, September 6, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that in obedience to your letter of August 13, I made a personal inspection of the ratio and Myrtle streets prisons, also the hospitals attached, and ordered the quartermaster to make such repairs and alterations as were recommended in your letter. As to the matter of providing more vegetable food for the prisoners in the hospital, I was informed by the surgeon in charge that the deficiency had already been remedied to the satisfaction of the medical inspector. As soon as the repairs are finished I will send you a copy of the quartermaster's report.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. O. BROADHEAD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, C. S. MILITARY PRISON, Numbers -. Richmond, September 6, 1863.

Under no circumstances is punishment of any kind to be inflicted on prisoners of war except by express direction from the officer commanding, and then manner of punishment must be prescribed by him.

By order of Brigadier-General Winder:

THOS. P. TURNER,Captain, Commanding, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,

September 7, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Southern Lousiana:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of the 18th August relative to prisoners Captain Allen and Lieutenant Page, of the U. S. Army, I have the honor to inform you that the statement that these officers are held in "close confinement and in irons" is incorrect and without foundation.

These prisoners are no longer under my control, and although confident that your information was incorrect, it was necessary to ascertain the fact definitely to communicate with the lieutenant-general commanding the department, hence the delay which has arisen in replying to your communication.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, &c.,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., September 7, 1863.

Honorable DAVID TOD, Governor of Ohio, Columbus, Ohio:

SIR: The attention of the rebel authorities at Richmond has been called to the case of Colonel W. H. Powell, Second West Virginia Cavalry, reported to have been placed in a dark, damp cell, alone, &c., and I learn from General Meredith, commissioner for exchange of prisoners, that in reply the charges are pronounced to be utterly false. The above

