
facts have been communicated to your military State agent, J. C. Wetmore, who has doubtless informed Your Excellency of them.

The matter of the removal of Camp Chase to a new site was laid before the Secretary of War by the Quartermaster-General at the time I telegraphed to you, and I have mentioned it since, but as yet I believe no action has been taken.

I have been unable to forward the letter you inclosed to me some time since for Captain Ferguson, because it is addressed to no place, and without something more definite is given than the number of the regiment to which he belongs the post-office people will scarcely take the trouble to forward it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., September 7, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. O. BROADHEAD,

Provost-Marshal, Saint Louis, Mo.:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 30th in relation to the disposal of prisoners is received, and in reply I have to direct that whenever you have more prisoners to dispose of than can be provided for in Saint Louis or at Alton you will please report to me and I will direct to what place they shall be ordered. There should be at no time more than 1,000 prisoners at the Alton prison.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

MILITARY PRISON, Alton, Ill., September 7, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

GENERAL: I would respectfully represent that there are some eight or ten rebel officers now in this prison, including Jeff. Thompson; that there is no way to prevent the great body of the prisoners from associating with them unless they are placed in close confinement. They have a powerful influence over the mas of rebel prisoners with whom they necessarily mix. They may make a concerted attack on the guard under their directions. I would respectfully suggest whether it would not be best to have them taken to Johnson's Island, as this can now be done without danger of carrying the smallpox with them.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. KINCAID,

Colonel, Commanding Prison.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, September 7, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: I confess my great astonishment in not receiving one word from you in reference to the very grave and important matters which were

