
Hoffman makes the indorsement "No record" the friends and relatives have received letters from the parties stating where they were.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF HENRICO,Richmond, September 7, 1863.

Colonel A. D. STREIGHT, U. S. Army, Present:

COLONEL: A reply to your communication of August 31, 1863, to the honorable Secretary of War, Confederate States of America, has been withheld for the remarks of Robert Ould, esq., commissioner of exchange.

Your statement has been submitted to Mr. Ould, and I herewith inclose his reply. In addition to the facts stated by Mr. Ould we have official information of cruel treatment of Confederate prisoners confined at Fort Delaware and Point Lookout that surpasses in enormity the horrible outrages detailed by him. At the first-named post Confederate prisoners are prevented from receiving either supplies or money from their friends. At the latter place our prisoners are required to perform hard labor, and in case of refusal are tied up by the thumbs and otherwise cruelly treated. These known facts, corroborated as they are by those set forth in the inclosed printed statement taken from your own printed papers, cannot fail to convince you that a system of treatment has been inaugurated by the United States Government to Confederate prisoners infinitely worse, more inhuman, uncivilized and barbarous than any to which you and the officers confined with you have been subjected.

With reference to the seizure of moneys found upon your person, permit me to call your attention to my letter upon that subject, bearing date June 10, 1863, wherein the following language is used:

Your own Government has, in orders published to the world, declared that any unusual quantity of money found on the person of those captured should be considered as public property, and as such should be taken possession of for the use of the United States.

This rule applies to your case, and under it the money found in your possession will be turned over to the Confederate States as public property. Your communication to General Forrest has been communicated to him, but no answer has been received, and I see no reason at present to change my views as above expressed.

Relative to the charge contained in your communication of the rations furnished you "being insufficient to sustain life", &amp;c., I would state that the question is now under examination, and any misapplication of your rations or mismanagement in the manner in which they are furnished will be corrected.

Very respectfully,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, VA., September 3, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN W. WINDER:

SIR: As to Colonel Streight's complaint about want of room, I beg to state that full and satisfactory evidence was presented to me that as many as fifteen of our officers were confined at Fort Norfolk in a room

