
These facts are the only ones which are to my personal knowledge of those mentioned in the communication to the Secretary of War.

These facts took place on or about the 3rd day of September, 1862.

VICTOR REAND.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.]

A statement of Charles O. Drake in regard to the conduct of General Neal Dow, Pensacola:

I know of my own knowledge that he took from citizens of Pensacola, Fla., their negroes and converted them to his own use without any compensation to their owners. He also gave the negroes to understand that they were free, regardless of the protestations of their owners, and encouraged the negroes to disobey their masters and treat them as their equals.

This occurred at Pensacola, Fla., in July, August, and September, 1862.

One negro was taken from me at this time, several from Mrs. Langley, several from Mr. Brosenham.

CHAS. O. DRAKE.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 9, 1863.

Major-General GRANT, Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: Your letter of August 30 is just received. * Neither General S. D. Lee nor any other officer or man paroled by you has been exchanged. If any such are recaptured they should be immediately placed in close confinement until their cases can be determined on. #

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF HENRICO,Richmond, September 9, 1863.

Lieutenant LATOUCHE, Commanding Military Prison:

SIR: You will receive the articles directed to the prisoners of war in your custody and have them delivered, taking their receipts. The prisoners must pay the charges on the articles.

JOHN H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS PAROLED PRISONERS,Demopolis, Ala., September 9, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: It may not be considered improper to address the Department directly in order to give my views in regard to the paroled prisoners ordered to report here. Up to this time there has been very little disposition evinced on the part [of] the paroled men to return to this point.

I do not think they will come in any large numbers unless some strong measures are adopted. The idea prevails, I hear, to a great

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. XXX, Part III, p. 224.

#Remainder belongs to Series I.

---------------

18 R R-SERIES II, VOL VI

