
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, September 9, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I herewith respectfully return to indorsement of the Quartermaster-General. * I can easily transmit any funds to our prisoners, but I most respectfully submit whether it would be proper to use the funds which have been taken from Yankee prisoners for such a purpose. There are some methods of retaliation at which an honorable people should pause before they resort to them. It is true that our enemies have frequently taken money from our poor soldiers, but the practice is by no means invariable. The general rule is the other way. In hundreds of instances where it has been taken it has been returned through my hands. The Federal authorities, in answer to my protest against this outrage, have alleged that it was done in violation of their orders.

With reference to the $3,400 taken from Colonel Streight, he asserts that it was saved to him by the express terms of his surrender. He refers to General Forrest for the truth of the statement. If this is so, ought it to be appropriated? This is the only large sum now in our possession which has ever been captured. They Yankees in their General Order Numbers 100 say "large sums" can be taken, but small amounts shall be left with prisoners for the supply of their wants.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS, Charleston, September 9, 1863.

Major STEPHEN ELLIOTT,Commanding Fort Sumter, Charleston Harbor, S. C.:

MAJOR: The general commanding directs me to compliment you and your garrison on the brilliant success of this morning. He hopes that all future attempts of the enemy to take Sumter will meet with the same result. The general will endeavor to have the prisoners removed in the course of the day or to-night. Should meanwhile the enemy bombard Sumter, and you have not enough cover for your command, will expose the prisoners instead of your troops to the enemy's fire.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. N. TOUTANT BEAUREGARD,

Aide-de-Camp.

Inspection report concerning prisoners of war at the U. S. General Hospital, Davids Island, N. Y., August 28, 1863.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 10, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

This hospital is under the charge of Surg. James Simons, U. S. Army, and has recently been devoted to the care of prisoners of war exclusively. The total number of wounded prisoners received there between the 17th and 24th of July was 2,538. Total number remaining August 28, 1,764; transferred under orders to City Point, Va., August 24,690; deaths. 84.

---------------

*See second indorsement on Breare to Seddon (August 13), p. 201.

---------------

