
[Indorsement.]

The inquiry was placed in the hands of the honorable Secretary of War on its receipt.

Now, September 12, 1863, the Secretary of War decides that he will not notice the proposition of Mr. Ould, which looks, in fact, to a complete denial of the right of the United States Government to arrest citizens (under the title of non-combatants.).

E. A. HITCHCOCK.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., September 10, 1863.

Major General C. C. AUGUR,

Commanding Department of Washington, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of yesterday in relation to the employment of prisoners of war as clerks in the office of the commanding officer of the District of Saint Mary's, at Point-Lookout, I have the honor to inform you that such employment of prisoners of war is without my knowledge and without my approbation. It often happens that prisoners of war may be of great assistance in preparing rolls of prisoners received or transferred, but this would only be for the emergency and would not justify their being detailed as clerks either in the commander's office or that of the provost-marshal. I will immediately direct that no prisoners of war shall be employed as clerks or in any other confidential position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Wheeling, September 10, 1863.

Major L. C. TURNER, Judge-Advocate:

SIR: At the time of the late raid by the rebel, Morgan, the prisoners then in Camp Chase were removed to Fort Delaware for safety. Honorable Samuel Galloway, commissioner at Camp Chase, informs me that Fort Delaware is a very loathsome and unhealthy place, so much so that he could not stay there long enough to examine into the cases of the prisoners who had been sent there as above stated. Some of these prisoners, and it may be many of them, ought not to be kept confined and away from their families and their business, but justice requires that they have an investigation at the earliest moment. This can be done with greater ease to the officers and more convenience to the parties and their friends, who have to furnish evidence in their cases, at Camp Chase than at Fort Delaware. I think it my duty, therefore, to recommend that these prisoners be returned to Camp Chase in order that their cases may be there examined into and disposed of.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. I. BOREMAN,

Governor.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, September 14, 1863.

The Commissary-General of Prisoners will return those brought to Fort Delaware from Camp Chase.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

