
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, September 10, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

SIR: This bureau is kept in very great ignorance as to matters connected with the parole and exchange of prisoners beyond the Mississippi. It is extremely important that certain and speedy information as to such matters should be sent to this office. I therefore respectfully recommend that Major Ignatius Szymanski, of the Adjutant-General's Department, and formerly connected with the parole camp at Jackson, Miss., be assigned to discharge the following duties beyond the Mississippi River:

First. To gather as speedily as possible lists of the paroles given by Federal prisoners not heretofore received, correct the errors and imperfections therein where possible, and forward them to the agent of exchange at Richmond.

Second. To ascertain the number and locality of prisoners both in camp and on parole, Federal and Confederate.

Third. To communicate information to our different military commanders as to the proper methods of paroling prisoners, as to their retention, and as to the places where they are to be delivered or received.

Fourth. To assist in establishing one or more parole camps and collecting therein prisoners.

Fifth. To perform any other special duty in relation to paroles and exchanges, paroled men and prisoners, which may be required of him.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 11, 1863.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

This suggestion is approved. I have no doubt many inconveniences and even mischief may be rectified by such an inspecting tour.

Give the requisite orders.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

LIBBY PRISON,

Second Officers' Quarters, September 10, 1863.

Captain J. WARNER,

Assistant Quartermaster, C. S. Military Prison:

CAPTAIN: At the request of your disturbance and attentive commissary, S. Burnham, I cheerfully make the following statement:

The number of prisoners occupying this floor is 254. There has been issued to us 127 pounds of beef and 235 1/2 pounds of bread, which has all been weighed in my presence, being an allowance of one-half pound of beef and one pound and two ounces of bread to each man; also rations of soap, salt, vinegar, candles, rice, and beans. These articles are of good quality, and to the best of my belief about the same quantity and quality as we have been receiving for the last two months. I will also here state that my knowledge of the feelings of my fellow-prisoners warrants me in saying that a general sentiment of satisfaction is entertained toward all the officers connected with the prison.

JAMES C. JONES,

Second Lieutenant, 35th Ohio Infty., Actg. Commissary, Rooms 3 and 4.

