
CINCINNATI, June 19, 1863.

Colonel HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

The following dispatch just received from Carter, who is in command of all the East Tennessee troops in our front. I fully concur with him and think it would be very cruel and unjust to force these loyal East Tennessee conscripts back into the rebel ranks by exchange, and would be glad to have some arrangement made by which they could be released on taking the oath, or allowed to enlist in these East Tennessee regiments.

SOMERSET, June 19, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

I understand that several hundred East Tennessee conscripts were recently sent from Indianapolis to Fort Delaware. I learn that they are Union meant from counties adjoining my own. I respectfully request that you will communicate with the Commissary-General of Prisoners, prevent the exchange of loyal East Tennesseeans as prisoners of war, which exchange will be most cruel and unjust. I will gladly take any interference on your part in their behalf as a special personal favor.

S. P. CARTER.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, June 19, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

COLONEL: I have requested Mr. Ould to modify his notice so as to conform with the construction as directed by the General-in-Chief.

I do not think that an additional notice need be published on our part now. Other declarations of exchange will soon be made and then if can be done.

No exchanges of civilians can be made at present, but the Confederates will doubtless receive all their friends who may be sent to them and keep all of ours.

One of the objects of the present raid into Maryland and Pennsylvania is to capture citizens and take or send them as prisoners to Richmond in retaliation, as the rebels say, for our arrests of non-combatants and then after collecting a very large number they hope to dictate terms which we now deem absurd and inadmissible.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., June 19, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. LUDLOW, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: On the 9th of February last I informed you that in consequence of the regulations which had been established by you in relation to persons coming to and going from City Point in the flag-of-truce boats, no citizens will be allowed to land without having the previous permission of the Confederate authorities.

On the 10th instant you transmitted to me a notice signed by L. C. Turner, judge advocate, concerning ladies who proposed to come South. I now inform you that I will exercise my discretion as to what ladies shall be permitted to land at City Point, and will have no hesitation in

