
cers and men captured at Vicksburg July 4, 1863, and since them paroled, to wit:

First. The officers and men of General Stevenson's division, consisting of Generals Barton's, Lee's, Reynold's, and Cumming's brigades. The regiments belonging to said division are the Fortieth, Forty-first, Forty-second, Forty-third, Fifty-second, Thirty-fourth, Thirty-sixth, Thirty-ninth, Fifty-sixth, and Fifty-seventh Georgia; the Twentieth, Twenty-third, Thirtieth, Thirty-first, and Forty-sixth Alabama; the Third, Thirty-first, Forty-third, and Fifty-ninth Tennessee. The following artillery also belonged to it, to wit: Botetourt Artillery, Waddell's artillery, Cherokee Artillery, and Third Maryland Battery.

Second. The officers and men of General Bowen's division, consisting of Generals Cockrell's and Dockery's brigades. The regiments belonging to said division are the First, Second, Third, Fifth, and Sixth Missouri Cavalry. The following artillery also belong to it to wit: Guibor's battery, Landins' battery, Wade's battery, Lowe's battery, and Dawson's battery.

Third. The officers and men of Brigadier-General Moore's brigade of General Forney's division. The regiments belonging to said brigade are to the Thirty-seventh.

Fourth. The officers and men of the Second Texas Regiment.

Fifth. The officers and men of Waul's Legion.

I have in my possession more valid paroles of your officers and men than would be an equivalent for the officers and men herein enumerated. In addition thereto I have delivered some 10,000 or 12,000 at City Point since the last declaration of exchange. It, however, has been the practice of the agents of exchange, whenever one of them declared a special exchange, to allow the other to select the equivalents. In accordance with such practice I now give you that privilege. If you do not avail yourself of it I will name the Federal officers and men who are discharged from their parole by reason of this present declaration of exchange.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, September 11, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

GENERAL: Had you not better telegraph to General Burnside not to parole his prisoners?

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, September 11, 1863.

Major-General 	BURNSIDE, Cumberland Gap:

Parole no prisoners. It is reported that the enemy is forcing into the ranks those paroled by General Grant without exchange.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, September 11, 1863.

General MAREDITH:

You are authorized to offer General Kemper in exchange for General Graham.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General, &c.

