
Point or at other places across our lines, are hereby discharged from any and every obligation contained in any parole they may have given to the enemy.

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General and Commissioner for Exchange.

OFFICE OF THE U. S. CHRISTIAN COMMISSION,

Washington, D. C., September 12, 1863.

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

SIR: The undersigned, a committee of the U. S. Christian Commission, respectfully ask permission to send some capable and judicious minister of the Gospel to labor among the prisoners at Point Lookout. Hundreds of this class at Gettysburg, to whom our commission has brought the Gospel of Christian kindness and sympathy, have been, as we believe, fully won. Instead of enemies they are our friends. Prejudiced against us by designing men, they have been surprised to find us neither infidel nor heathen, and when released they will go to their homes all through the South to tell of the sad delusion which has possessed them.

Pledging ourselves if our request be granted to send no one who would in any way embarrass the Government, we are.

Most respectfully, yours,

WM. BALLANTYNE.

M. H. MILLER.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, September 12, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: The last flag-of-truce boat brought an application for the removal of the body of Major Robert Morris.

You are aware that some time ago I made a similar request with respect to the body of Captain Stamps, who fell at Gettysburg. That request was declined. If you will agree that the body of Captain Stamps be transported from the field at Gettysburg at our expense, the remains of Major Morris will be brought to City Point at yours.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, September 12, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: I have received your proposal of the 11th instant for the exchange of Brigadier-General Kemper for Brigadier General Charles K. Graham. I accept it. It is impossible to send Brigadier-General Graham at this present time to City Point. He will, however, go with the next departure of prisoners at the end of next week. I will notify him of the fact. In the meantime I hope you will have General Kemper at Fort Monroe, to be brought to City Point in the same boat that bears General Graham to you.

I will also send to you at the same time the Sanitary Commission to which you formerly referred. Will you send our nurses to us?

