
By these regulations prisoners are permitted to receive clothing and money with certain limitations. The money is to be held for their use by the commanding officer, subject to be used for the purchase of such articles as may be allowed, and any balance in his hands to be turned over to them on their delivery at City Point or elsewhere. They may receive such articles of clothing as may be necessary to make up what they are permitted to have, viz, a change of underclothing and an outside suit. Complaints have been made by the rebel authorities that while they are willing to permit the prisoners they hold in Richmond to receive money and clothing, we refuse such favors to the prisoners in our hands; and though it is well known that the Union prisoners in Richmond are badly abused it is well to avoid giving them any opportunity to refer to anything we do as an example or excuse.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., September 14, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners, Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a number of communications from Mr. Ould, which you referred to this office on the 10th instant. Please say to Mr. Ould that the arrangements reported by Captain J. C. Jameison as having been entered into by Generals McNeil and Marmaduke, commanding the opposing forces in Missouri in May last, for the exchange of officers, has not before been brought to the notice of this office, and immediate steps will be taken to have the agreement, whatever it was, fully carried out on our part.

As a reply to Mr. Ould's letters of the 2nd instant, I inclose herewith a copy of the regulations which have governed the management of the affairs of prisoners of war in our hands for the last two years. * It is unavoidable that in many cases these instructions are not fully carried out, which gives occasion for complaint, but generally they are closely adhered to, and we will be very glad if our people held at Richmond fare as well a prisoners who are in our hands.

The proposition of Mr. Ould for an exchange of rolls of officers held as prisoners of war on either side is approved, and I will in a few days furnish you with a list of all belonging to the Confederate Army held by us, for which I will be glad to receive in return a list of Federal officers held as prisoners of war in the Confederate States. In many cases prisoners give fictitious names, or mistakes are made in the initials or in the spelling, which makes it difficult or impossible to find the name of prisoners when inquired for by their proper names.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS FORT DELAWARE, DEL.,September 15, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: In reply to yours of 10th instant, I have the honor to inclose herewith Special Orders, Numbers 165, which is based upon, and in strict

---------------

*See Vol. IV, this series, p. 152.

---------------

