
conformity with, your printed instructions, and the tenor of which will explain that I am not restricting the prisoners from any privilege to which they are entitled. The publication of this order in the Philadelphia and Baltimore papers was rendered necessary by many persons in the two cities constantly sending large quantities of uniform clothing and on account of contributions, sent through improper channels, being lost, thereby causing complaint and serious annoyance to me. About 800 prisoners' letters are received and sent daily, many of which are not restricted to the proper length.

I respectfully renew my request that you visit this post and from your personal observation be convinced that everything connected with the prisoners' depot is being conducted in as judicious and advantageous manner as possible. The persons enjoying the greatest privileges are usually the ones loudest in complaint. The August report I return to you properly corrected. The prisoners named in my letter of the 5th instant must all appear on the different Baltimore and Harrisburg rolls forwarded from this office, as we now have them arranged on our books according to regiments where these names appear together. I shall studiously guard against any omission or discrepancy, and should any possibly occur on my part I will promptly make the correction. I inclose herewith a letter from the commissary in relation to the building of a store-house, which, with your approval, might be built from the prisoners' fund. If there is a prospect of the prisoners being kept here during the winter, increased store-room is indispensable, but if they are to be sent away soon it can be dispensed with.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FORT DELAWARE, DEL., Numbers 165. September 3, 1863.

I. Visiting this post out of curiosity is strictly prohibited. Relatives of prisoners seriously ill will be allowed to make them short visits on written application, accompanied with satisfactory proof of their loyalty to the United States Government, to Brigadier-General Schoepf, commanding post. Under no other circumstances will any person be allowed to visit the prisoners without special permission from the Secretary of War of Commissary-General of Prisoners.

II. All contributions to prisoners must be forwarded to this post by express, and plainly directed, giving name, rank, and regiment, in care of Captain G. W. Ahl, commissary of prisoners. Coats and pants of a gray, drab, or blue color will not be given to prisoners.

By order of Brigadier General A. Schoepf:

GEO. W. AHL,

Captain and Commissary of Prisoners.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

OFFICE OF COMMISSARY OF SUBSISTENCE,

Fort Delaware, Del., September 15, 1863.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF, Commanding Post:

SIR: Very serious inconvenience is experienced from want of store-houses for provisions. The room inside the fort being very limited is scarcely sufficient for the garrison alone in the summer season, when

