
the approaches to the island are unobstructed, and consequently stores can be brought often and in small quantities. In the season now approaching, with the prospect of a large number of prisoners remaining at the post, and, as is frequently the case, the possibility of the island being ice-bound for at least two months, it will be necessary that I should have stores on hand for, say, 12,000 men for that period of time. It is absolutely necessary, therefore, that store-houses should be provided immediately for a bulk of 7,000 barrels. Respectfully submitting the subject for your consideration.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

G. S. CLARK,

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence of Volunteers.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., September 15, 1863.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF, Commanding Fort Delaware, Del.:

GENERAL: By direction of the Secretary of War, you will please return to Camp Chase, near Columbus, Ohio, the political prisoners now at Fort Delaware who were sent there from Camp Chase during the month of July by order of General Burnside. You will order a suitable guard to accompany them, and special instructions should be given to the officer in charge to prevent improprieties by the way. The date of their arrival at Fort Delaware is not given on the rolls sent to this office, and I cannot designate them more clearly than the above. There were on the rolls 116 names, of whom sixteen have been discharged or died. Possibly more have been discharged not yet reported. Please report their departure by telegram to this office and to the commanding officer at Camp Chase.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., September 15, 1863.

Brigadier General J. H. WINDER:

GENERAL: You will hand over such gold as may be sent to the prisoners, announcing to them that being money recognized by both Governments it is handed to them in kind, and that if at any time they wish to convert it into Confederate money it will be sold for them, on application, at the market price in this city. If the amount received be in Federal paper it cannot be handed over to them in kind, as it is not recognized as money by the Confederate Government, nor can its use or circulation be allowed; but it will at their option be converted at current rate of exchange into Confederate notes and such notes delivered to them, or will be retained in kind for their future use.

Your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

