
3. The officers and men of Brigadier-General Moore's brigade.

4. The officers and men of the Second Texas Regiment.

5. The officers and men of Waul's Legion.

6. Also, all Confederate officers and men who have been delivered at City Point at any time previous to July 25, 1863, have been duly exchanged, and are hereby so declared.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Columbia, September 16, 1863.

Major C. D. MELTON:

DEAR SIR: I would respectfully report to you that the jail is not sufficiently large to contain the number of prisoners we now have confined here. The dimension of the building is seventy by fifty feet. The third story is occupied by the sheriff of this district, which leaves us but the middle and lower departments. We now have 273 Federal and 27 Confederate prisoners, making an aggregate of 300. We have packed them in as best we could for the present, but to remain as they now are will, I am fully satisfied, cause much sickness, not only among the Yankees, but the guard. The this our surgeon, Dr. J. Ford Prioleau (with whom I have consulted), will bear testimony. My guard is entirely crowded out of any place for the reliefs to sleep, and are now compelled to sleep on the ground in front of the jail. Under these circumstances I would earnestly recommend that quarters be at once erected for the prisoners on the college green, near our camp, where we could guard them and others who might be sent to us. If this cannot be done a part of them might be sent to Richmond or some other place.

Very respectfully,R. D. SENN,

Captain, Commanding Post Guard.

[Indorsement.]

COLUMBIA, September 16, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to commanding general for information and instructions.

If the construction of quarters be deemed advisable the work can be done without charge to the Government beyond the cost of material.

C. D. MELTON,

Major, Commanding Post.

[SEPTEMBER 17, 1863. -For Halleck to Grant, referring to the release from their paroles of 16,000 Confederate prisoners captured at Vicksburg, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. XXX, Part III, p. 694.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp on Big Black, September 17, 1863.

Brigadier General J. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Vicksburg, Miss.:

DEAR SIR: Inclosed please find the answer made by Brigadier General W. H. Jackson, C. S. Army, to my communication of August 30 [28], a copy of which was submitted on its day of date to General Grant. *

---------------

*For Jackson to Sherman, see Series I, Vol. XXX, Part III, p. 228.

---------------

