
1. Resolved, That the written statement addressed to Captain J. Warner, commissary of subsistence, C. S. Army, indorsed and vouched for by Colonel Charles W. Tilden, Sixteenth Maine Volunteers, and Lieutenant-Colonel Sanderson, commissary of subsistence First Corps, U. S. Army, in reference to the treatment and sentiments of the officers confined here, is in every particular a gross misrepresentation of facts, and in its reasonable inferences unqualifiedly false.

2. Resolved, That said statement is directly calculated to stifle the voice of our reasonable complaint, as truthfully set forth in the communication of Colonel A. D. Streight, which they stigmatize as unjust and untrue, to mislead and deceive our commissioner for exchange of prisoners and our Government.

3. Resolved, That in view of the cruel and inhuman treatment of the enlisted men of our Army by the Confederate authorities which daily comes under our notice, not to speak of the indignities and deprivations to which our officers have been subjected, this action of those officers whose names are attached to the communication referred to in the first resolve meets our unqualified condemnation.

4. Resolved, That our thanks are due to Colonel Streight for his fearless and unselfish efforts to secure for us additional accommodations from our enemies, and that an increased amount of rations are some of the fruits of his labors, and that the course he has pursued in relation to our condition meets with our hearty approval.

WASHINGTON, September 19, 1863.

Major-General GRANT, Vicksburg:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith* what purports to be an exchange of the rebel prisoners taken at Vicksburg. No such exchange has been made. The act of Commissioner Ould is entirely ex party and in violation of the cartel. Our commissioner has protested against this act of bad faith and deception on the part of the rebel authorities.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., September 19, 1863.

Honorable S. COLFAX, South Bend, Ind.:

DEAR SIR: I received to-day your favor of the 16th instant and have given it immediate attention. I have written to General Meredith, commissioner of exchange, to inquire of Mr. Ould what restrictions have been placed on the delivery of money to union prisoners in the Richmond prisons, and when I get the information in an official way then I can lay it before the Secretary for his action. Your note contains the first intimation I have received that the money found in possession of Morgan's officers was taken from them by Governor Tod, and that the case may be clearly understood I shall have to get the particulars on this side of the affair also. As Mr. Ould has recently sent money through me to prisoners at Johnson's Island, I don't think he will persist in withholding from our people money sent to them by their friends. There does not seem to be any immediate prospect of the release of and

---------------

*See ould to Meredith, September 11, p. 279, inclosing declaration of exchange.

---------------

