
exchange of Streight's officers, but they have recently been placed on the same footing with other prisoners of war and will be released when they are.

Yours, very truly,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., September 19, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH,

Commissioner for Exchange, Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 14th instant to Major-General Hitchcock, commissioner for exchange, suggesting the discharge of John F. Scott, of Fredericksburg, on the appeal of Mr. Ould, has been refereed to me that your suggestion might be carried out, but on examining the records I find that John F. Scott, of Fredericksburg, who was captured at Spotsvylvania, Va., May 2, 1863, was sent from the Old Capitol Prison to City Point May 20, 1863. Please say to Mr. Ould that if this is not the Scott referred to by him, and he gives me any information by which he can be found, he shall be immediately released.

The release of the prisoners belonging to the Sanitary Commission mentioned in your letter of the 14th instant, captured by the enemy near Fredericks, is fully appreciated, and if we hold any prisoners who may be claimed with them they will be immediately released. Mr. Ould speaks of nurses in our hands, but I can find none on the rolls except prisoners of war who are so styled on the reports from the hospitals, as I suppose from the fact only that they are so employed. If Mr. Ould can point out the cases which he refers to the matter will be attended to at once.

It has been reported to me that money sent to Union officers in prison at Richmond has been retained by the authorities. Please learn from Mr. Ould if there is any foundation for this report. Large amounts of money have been sent to prisoners of war in our hands, it being deposited with the commanding officer, subject to the order of the depositor, and we have the right to expect the same favor in return, more especially as our people are furnished with a very limited supply of food.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

RICHMOND, September 19, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: I beg leave to call your attention to the fact that the wife, daughter, and son of four years of age of Captain McNeill, of the Confederate service, who have been sojourning for more than a year past with their relations at Chillicothe, Ohio, were arrested at Oakland, on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, about a month since and sent to Camp Chase. They left Chillicothe for the purpose of paying a visit to Hardy County, Va. Will you permit them to accomplish their visit? In fact, will you release them from Camp Chase? How can

