
you complain of the detention of such as Mr. Gerhart when helpless women and children, meditating no wrong to you, are sent to your prisons?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, September 19, 1863.

Major C. D. MELTON,

Commanding Post, &amp;c., Columbia, S. C.:

MAJOR: The communication of Captain Senn, representing the crowded condition of the building containing the abolition prisoners, has been submitted to the commanding general, who, in view of the facts therein set forth, authorities you to send to Richmond all the non-commissioned officers and privates captured on Morris Island previous to the 20th of July, exclusive of J. Ellis, who will be sent to this city on first convenient opportunity to be turned over to the State authorities. In connection with the offer of certain prisoners to take the oath of allegiance to secure their own release, the commanding general directs me to say that he disapproves the granting of any such privilege to prisoners of war. With this are transmitted letters for certain prisoners now confined in Columbia. Letters for the following persons contain various amounts of money, for which you will please forward a receipt for the files of these headquarters: Lieutenant Meade, $20; Richard Tinker, $5; Lieutenant George C. Remer, $30; Acting Master's Mate Charles J. McCarty, $60. 62; Lieutenant Ed. T. Broner, $100.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. S[MITH],

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOTE. -Letter from M. L. Braytn, containing $25, was delivered to him in hospital in this city. Receipt on file here.

K[EARNY].

HUNTSVILLE, September 20, 1863.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER:

RESPECTED SIR: On yesterday I had the honor to have handed me your esteemed favor of the 11th in relation to Federal prisoners, &c. As you have a wrong impression in regard to the part enacted by me as to said prisoners, you will pardon me for transgressing upon your valuable time by briefly stating what my position was in the premises. I never objected to receiving the prisoners. I never asked for their removal from here. The facts in the case are these: The committee appointed by the Legislature "to examine into the affairs of the penitentiary" entered their protest, and, as I understand, forwarded the same to Governor Lubbock, insisting that said prisoners be not retained in the penitentiary. This, I think, influenced the Governor to request General Scurry to have them removed. Now, so far as I am concerned, I would; but respectfully request, if you desire me to receive what prisoners you have, that you obtain an order from the Governor to me to that effect. Then, if you please, direct me as to the manner in which

20 R R-SERIES II, VOL VI

