
I would therefore respectfully recommend that General Meredith be instructed to immediately declare the exchange of all Federal officers and enlisted men captured and paroled up to September 1, 1863. He can then notify Mr. Ould that he has made this declaration, claim the balance that is due us by Mr. Ould's declaration, and demand that he immediately return to their paroles all officers and men for whom they have paroled no equivalents or that they release an equal number from the prisons in Richmond. Mr. Ould has made a declaration which is wholly unwarrantable under the cartel and it might with great propriety be set aside, but in the meantime, while the point is being discussed, this large body of men will be arrayed in arms against us, and therefore I would respectfully urge that the counter declaration above suggested be announced in orders, by which all our paroled troops will be returned to the field and we will then have time to discuss the merit of the case and arrange the details with Mr. Ould at our leisure.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, September 21, 1863.

General MEREDITH:

The public announcement made in the Richmond Enquirer of September 16 of a declaration of exchange by Mr. Ould, dated September 12, 1863, makes it necessary for your to declare exchanged without delay all officers and enlisted men captured and paroled up to September 1, 1863. Mr. Ould's declaration covers all being counted as enlisted men, 29,433, while yours will cover only 19,409, which will leave a balance in your favor of 10,024. Notify Mr. Ould of your declaration and claim a credit for his deficiency. Further instructions will be sent you by mail. Reply.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers, &amp;c.

WASHINGTON, September 21, 1863.

General S. A. MEREDITH,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners:

The communication of the 3rd instant from His Excellency the Governor of Connecticut, on the subject of the crew of the bark Texan, having been returned with an indorsement from Mr. Ould, proposing to discharge said crew "on the release of those similarly situated in Federal prisons," you are requested to say to Mr. Ould that I do not know nor can I hear of any prisoners held by us under circumstances corresponding to those of the Texan held in the South. If Mr. Ould will refer specifically to any such prisoners in our hands, they shall be released-it being understood that the cases shall be similar.

The communication from Mr. Ould of the 1st of August, referred to in the indorsement as unanswered, was handed to the Secretary of War on its receipt, who does not think proper to enter into such broad general agreements as proposed, implying so settled a state of things as does not in fact exist.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major General of Vols., Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

