
they were exchanged. I was present at the conversation between General Price and the Federal officers, and therefore know the proposition. I do not know the number paroled, but believe it was about 250.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Missouri State Guard.

[Indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

October 1, 1863.

Respectfully referred to General Schofield, commanding Department of the Missouri, who is requested to report the facts in this case. This letter to be returned.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, ARK., September 21, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

I was requested by Brigadier-General Archer, from Maryland, now a prisoner at Johnson's Island, to forward you this communication. I have just returned from prison there, having been paroled, and was told by him to say to you that he would not sign his name to the communication for fear of discovery in case it should be found on my person.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Y. H. BLACKWELL,

Major, First [Fifth] Missouri Cavalry, Colonel Shelby's Regiment.

[Inclosure.]

We count here 1,600 prisoners 1,200 officers. We can take the island, guarded by only one battalion, with small loss, but have no way to get off. A naval officer might procure in some way a steamer on the lake and with a few men attack the island and take us to Canada. C. C. Egerton, of Baltimore, would, I think, furnish a fitting crew to one of our naval officers who carried your indorsement to him, and would give valuable advice regarding how to get the men armed in steamer, &amp;c. There is no truer or more daring man in our service, and he has a large body of men sworn to obey him and help us. Lieutenant George Bier or William Parker are suggested.

FORT MONROE, September 22, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN:

I have just returned from City Point. No arrangement was arrived at. Am anxious to see you.

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI,Canton, Miss., September 22, 1863.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Abut the 8th of July Lieutenant Daniel H. Jones, C. S. Army, was captured by the U. S. forces at Collierville, while passing

