
along the line of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad from West Tennessee to Brigadier General J. R. Chalmers, C. S. Army, with dispatches, and I have been informed that the said Lieutenant Jones has since been tried three times as a spy, and has finally been convicted of that offense and sent to Memphis, Tenn., to be executed as such.

I desire, general, to know if such is the case, for I cannot conceive for one moment that such a violation of the "rules of civilized warfare" will receive your sanction, and I most earnestly hope that I will receive a disclaimer of any such action on the part of yourself or any of your subordinate officers, as it is my earnest desire to adhere to the "rules of civilized warfare" as far as practicable. I earnestly request that in case Lieutenant Jones has been convicted as a spy that you will suspend the execution of the sentence until further investigation is had in the case. This communication will be handed you by Captain J. R. Ruffin, accompanied by Lieutenant Sneed and an escort of eight men.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, September 22, 1863.

Brigadier General GEORGE L. ANDREWS,

Commanding Corps d'Afrique, Port Hudson:

GENERAL: Your letter to the assistant adjutant-general of the department, dated September 14, 1863, covering correspondence between yourself and Colonel Logan on the subject of the treatment of prisoners, has been received and laid before the major-general commanding.

He directs me to inform you that the denial of Colonel Logan is deemed sufficient to prevent any act of retaliation on the part of the U. S. authorities.

Colonel Logan can hardly be justified, however, in placing officers and soldiers of the U. S. service in close confinement on the simple presentation of an official inquiry on your part, unless there were attending circumstances not alluded to in the correspondence.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

RICHMOND, September 22, 1863.

Major General D. H. MAURY, Mobile, Ala.:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that Brigadier General Neal Dow, U. S. Army, referred to in your note of 8th instant, be sent to this city to await further orders in his case.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, September 23, 1863.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner for Exchange, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report to you herewith the result of my interview with the rebel agent of exchange. I called his attention to

