
the fact that his declaration of exchange of the 12th instant was not in accordance with the terms of the cartel. He acknowledged it to be the case, but stated that such had been the practice heretofore between Lieutenant-Colonel Ludlow and himself, and that when one agent had declared a special exchange the other was allowed to select the equivalents. This he expressed a desire that I should do. I expressed my readiness to complete the arrangement which he had "declared," but this could not be consummated in consequence of the rebel agent's claiming as valid the paroles at Gettysburg and elsewhere, amounting to some 4,800.

Mr. Ould made the following proposition:

That all officers and men on both sides be released, unless there be actual charges against them. If officers or men are held on charges which their Government consider unjust, let one or more hostages he held for such. If there be charges against officers and men and they are not tired on the same within a reasonable time (to be agreed upon) they are to be discharged.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General and Commissioner for Exchange.

FORT MONROE, September 23, 1863.

Major-General HITCHCOCK:

I have declared exchanged all officers and enlisted men captured and paroled up to September 1, 1863. Will forward official papers to-morrow.

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General and Commissioner for Exchange.

FORT MONROE, September 23, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN:

Will send to Baltimore for prisoners to-morrow.

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., September 23, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I beg leave respectfully to suggest that it would facilitate the management of the affairs of prisoners of war and lead to a more direct responsibility if the commanders of stations where prisoners are held could be placed under the immediate control of the Commissary-General of Prisoners. By the interposition of an intermediate commander the responsibility is weakened and correspondence passing through him is necessarily much delayed, and through frequent change of commanders it is impossible to establish a uniform and permanent system of administration. I would therefore respectfully suggest that an order of the following tenor be issued, viz:

Hereafter at all stations where rebel prisoners of war are held they will be under the exclusive control of the commanding officer, who will be strictly responsible for them to the Commissary-General of Prisoners, and, except from the War Department or the General-in-Chief, he will receive orders relative to prisoners only from or

