
through the Commissary-General of Prisoners. The general commanding the department in which the station is located will, on the application of the Commissary-General of Prisoners, detail a suitable field officer to have the permanent command of each place, with a guard, according to the necessities of the case. Commandants of departments and armies in the field will require in all cases full lists of prisoners captured, giving their places, &amp;c., to be forwarded without delay to the Commissary-General of Prisoners, with a letter of transmittal showing the disposition made of the prisoners, and any other information that may be of service. All rolls should be signed by the officer who makes them, and when prisoners are turned over by one officer to another a receipt should accompany the rolls. Surgeons in charge of general hospitals where sick and wounded prisoners of war may be collected will be held responsible for them and will be governed by such instructions as he may receive from the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, September 23, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

A declaration of exchange has been made for all of our officers and men on parole prior to the 1st of September. They should be put in motion for their duty station without delay.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

(Same to commanding officers of prisoners at Benton Barracks, Mo. ; Camp Chase, Ohio; Camp Morton, Ind., and Camp Parole, near Annapolis, Md.)

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., September 23, 1863.

Colonel C. THOMAS,

Acting Quartermaster-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: In view of the probable necessity for additional accommodations at Camp Douglas for prisoners of war, I respectfully recommend that the buildings burned down las winter not yet rebuilt may be put up with as little delay as possible. After the large expense recently incurred in the introduction of water to the camp with an extensive sewerage, and the reconstruction of the fence, it is economy to prepare quarters for prisoners to the full extent of the ground.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[First indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

September 23, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to the honorable Secretary of War for his decision as to whether the additional buildings recommended to be erected by Colonel William Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, shall be erected.

CHS. THOMAS,

Acting Quartermaster-General.

