
lines to City Point or at other places, and it will be so corrected. Section 9 requires the delivery of all exchanged persons, which we are bound to do without any such notice; and if there are any such, including officers at Saint Louis, I have respectfully to request you will order them to be delivered to Lieutenant-Colonel Ludlow, agent for exchange of prisoners, at Fort Monroe.

Respectfully returned to Major-General Schofield.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Vicksburg, June 22, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General of the Army:

GENERAL: Inclosed herewith please find copy of letter from Admiral Porter to me and one sent by me to General Taylor, of the Confederate Army. As soon as reply is received I will send that also to Headquarters of the Army. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., June 22, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. LUDLOW,

Agent for Exchange of Prisoners, Fort Monroe, Va.:

COLONEL: I have sent you to-day by express a roll of paroled prisoners yet to be exchanged. They have been made up in this office by selecting from various rolls such names as have not been covered by exchanges already announced. Your letter of 19th instant is received. Any further notice in regard to civilians may be postponed till the can give me some information about the prospect of an exchange of civilians, so that I may answer the many inquiries that are made. What is the obstacle and is there any hope of it being removed? There are some citizen prisoners just arrived from Fort Lafayette, captured by the Navy Department, who are now [here] for exchange; I shall send them by the next steamer. I will send no more citizens to you till you call for them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, June 22, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose copies of correspondence between Mr. Ould and myself and which I hope will meet your approval. +

---------------

*These inclosures and subsequent correspondence printed in Series I, Vol. XXIV, Part III, pp. 425, 443, 469.

+Inclosures not identified.

---------------

