
1863, you are hereby authorized and will proceed to impress two buildings, one on the corner of Nineteenth and Franklin streets, known as Grant's Factory; the other on Twenty-first street, between Main and Cary, and known as Smith's Factory.

The impressment will be made without any reference to rent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TENNESSEE,September 27, 1863.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Chattanooga:

GENERAL: Every possible care and attention in our power have been bestowed on your wounded found on the field of battle. From the very limited supplies and attendants left with them, however, much suffering has resulted, which it was not in my power to prevent.

Such as can bear transportation (to be selected by your medical officers already on the field) will be paroled and sent to your lines, provided you will send the necessary transportation for that purpose. The conveyances will be met by Colonel J. P. Jones, of my staff, and a sufficient number of drivers, in front of my line, on the Lafayette road, at 8 a. m. to-morrow, and will be returned to you at the same point with their loads as soon as practicable. Any supplies you may desire to send by these conveyances will be allowed to pass.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, September 27, 1863.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,President of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Dr. John P. Gray having accomplished the examination he was sent to make as to the sanity or insanity of Doctor Wright, of Norfolk, I deem it a proper opportunity for me to forward to you my convictions in the case and my most respectful suggestions.

That the homicide was a deliberate and cold-blooded murder I entertain no manner of doubt, and looking to the nature and character of the troops of which Lieutenant Sanborn was an officer, I deem it essential to discipline and proper feelings of pride and self-respect among the officers of colored troops that Doctor Wright should pay the penalty to which he was sentenced by court-martial.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSIONER FOR EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, Va., September 27, 1863.

Honorable ROBERT OULD, Agent of Exchange, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have written to you twice in relation to the captain and crew of the bark Texan. You say that you will release them if we will release prisoners of yours in like circumstances. We do not know of

