
any prisoners held by us under similar circumstances as the crew of the Texan. If you will refer specifically to any such in our hands they shall be released.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General and Commissioner for Exchange.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., September 28, 1863.

Major General W. T. H. BROOKS,

Commanding Department of the Monogahela, Pittsburgh, Pa.:

GENERAL: I am informed that there is much comment in Pittsburgh on the many indulgences that are extended to the prisoners of war in the Allegheny Penitentiary, and that it is excused on the ground that it is done by my order. I have given no instructions in relation to the treatment of prisoners, except what are contained in my letter of the 18th of August and the regulations which accompanied. These do not authorize anything but what is necessary and proper, neither excessive clothing nor luxuries of any kind. No report has ben made to me of the manner of subsisting them, but if they draw their rations the fund made from the surplus will furnish the means of procuring any vegetables that may be required. Further than this nothing is to be purchased to eat, nor can they be permitted to purchase luxuries for themselves. If there is any foundation for the reports I refer to, will you please give such instructions in relation to the treatment of the prisoners as will put a stop to all irregularities? I have not been informed what officer is in immediate charge of these prisoners, nor have I received any returns from him. Will you please require his immediate attention to the returns required by the regulations?

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, September 28, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: Until you hear to the contrary from me, any blankets or clothing sent to the Federal prisoners here will be delivered to them. In the meantime will you please answer my inquiry of the 2nd instant as to any order forbidding money or clothing to be given to our prisoners now in captivity.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, September 28, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH, Agent of Exchange;

SIR: On the 31st of July last I wrote to Lieutenant-Colonel Ludlow, informing him of the charges and specifications against Spencer Kellogg. Immediately thereafter I sent for the witnesses, and upon interrogating them found that the charges and specifications were true. On

