
sashes in their prisons, and I am informed that none can be placed there. Much suffering will ensue during the approaching inclement season.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General and Commissioner for Exchange.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

October 7, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War, with the recommendation that the Quartermaster-General be directed to forward to Richmond, through General Meredith, commissioner for exchange, 500 blankets of inferior quality, to be gratuitously issued to Federal prisoners held in that city. It is further suggested that General Meredith require to be returned to him by Mr. Ould an acknowledgment of the receipt of the blankets from one of the senior Federal officers among the prisoners. If it is found practicable articles of clothing may be forwarded at an early date.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Second indorsement.]

I concur in opinion with Colonel Hoffman.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Third indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, October 13, 1863.

Approved.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Annapolis, Md., September 30, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

SIR: Nearly every boat which arrives with paroles prisoners of war brings to this place citizens who have been confined in Richmond, Va., and having been plundered of everything valuable are in very destitute circumstances. A large portion of them have been in prison many months and many are in bad health, resulting, I do not doubt, in most cases from bad treatment and from not having had sufficient food. These persons being without the means to pay their expenses to their places of residence come to me for transportation, which, under present instructions, I do not feel authorized to furnish. As those persons have suffered for their loyalty to the General Government and are now in distress, if appears to me that both justice and humanity require that aid should be given them to get to their friends. If these views are approved, I respectfully request authority to furnish them transportation to their homes.

I am, sir, with respect, your obedient servant,C. A. WAITE,

Colonel First Infantry, Commanding Post, Annapolis, Md.

