
I have reason to believe that Mr. Ould avoided compliance with my demand for copy of an act of the rebel Congress for other reasons than the one stated by him.

The retention of Colonel Streight's officers under this act, the mustering into the U. S. service of negroes and offerers in command of them, and the pledge thereby implied of protection seemed to make it necessary and desirable that the issue should be promptly met.

I notice strong indications that this subject of so-called retaliation is getting unpopular among the Confederates.

I desire to effect exchanges of officers in accordance with the cartel and general principles, and not by special or individual arrangements, and I do not think that the public service will be benefitted by making the latter.

I have the honor also to inclose a copy of a communication* from Mr Ould on the subject of parties going to the South and to which I have made no response.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, June 22, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

COLONEL: I inclose to you a leter left with me by the officer in charge of Daniel Dusky. Can you furnish me other evidence that Jacob Varner is not now in their lines? Please do so if possible. General Orders, Numbers 100, was served upon Mr. Ould on the 23rd of May last, and takes effect after that date. The service was accompanied with the notice, a copy of which I have before given you, that all captures must be reduced to possession and delivered at certain points agreed upon. If you have any paroles taken before that date, please send them and I can use them. The General Orders, Numbers 15, March 7 [8], 1863, of Major-General Schenck is null and void, and subjects the parties interested in it to harsh treatment in the case of capture. If they gave their parole in violation of orders they should be punished, not debarred exchange.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

P. S. -The letter containing the $100, and addressed to Lieutenant J. R. Walker, has been received and will be forwarded to Mr. Ould.

W. H. L.

[Inclosure.]

PENITENTIARY, SUPERINTENDENT'S OFFICE,

Albany, N. Y., June 17, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN:

SIR: In accordance with your request I have this day delivered Daniel Dusky into the custody of Lieutenant Hosea. Jacob Varner

---------------

*See June 19, p. 28.

---------------

3 R R--SERIES II, VOL VI

