
them. Perhaps this discharged had better be made in general orders with the proper averments. If you think it can better be done by me as agent of exchange, I am prepared to do it.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

CHICKAMAUGA, October 1, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

Unable to care properly for the enemy's wounded, I have by special agreement, paroled and delivered to him all fit for transportation. Medical officers, except four exchanged for that number of our own, will be sent to Atlanta, as I learn ours are held in the East. We have about fifty.

B. BRAGG,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Columbus, Ohio, October 2, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Colonel Alston, a rebel prisoner, was released from Camp Chase and sent to Baltimore en route for Fortress Monroe on the following order from General Burnside by telegraph from Knoxville:

SEPTEMBER 27, 1863.

Brigadier General J. S. MASON:

The following letter has just been received and you will immediately carry out the instructions contained therein:

"WASHINGTON, D. C., August.

"Major-General BURNSIDE, Commanding Army of the Ohio:

"SIR: Your communication of the 22nd instant, addressed to the Secretary of War, setting forth the case of Lieutenant Colonel R. A. Alston, chief of staff to the rebel General John Morgan, has been handed to me by the Secretary with instructions to signify his just appreciation of the honorable conduct of Colonel Alston. His parole will be respected and he will be sent to Fort Monroe to report to General Meredith, the commanding officer. General Meredith will be directed to include him among the first exchanges made.

"Very respectfully, your obedient servant,"E. A. HITCHCOCK,

"Major-General of Volunteers and Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners. "

Show this to Colonel Alston and report your action to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

The Governor and myself are much gratified with your order relative to the release of prisoners, as it settles all questions on the subject.

JOHN S. MASON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, Tenn., October 2, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington:

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to transmit, for the information and action of the Department, a copy of the parole that has been administered by the rebel authorities to the surgeons and assistant

