
you on the 24th of August last in relation to paroles, that the Confederate authorities will consider themselves entirely at liberty to pursue any course as to exchange or paroles which they may deem right and proper under all the circumstances of the case. At the same time I am directed to express their entire willingness to adopt any fair, just, and reciprocal rule in relation to those subjects without any delay.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, October 3, 1863.

P. H. WATSON, Assistant Secretary of War:

(Care Colonel E. S. Sanford, New York.)

You will please proceed as soon as convenient to Davis Island, N. Y., and make a thorough inspection of the rebel camp hospitals there, and correct any abuses that may exist by removing such officers or persons in any way connected with the hospitals as you may deem proper for that purpose, and establishing any regulations the service may require, reporting to this Department.

EDWIM M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

BALTIMORE, October 3, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Your order relating to Lieutenant-Colonel Alston has been executed. Will leave this evening. Rev. Mr. Baird was arrested and is now in custody of our guard.

E. B. TYLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, October 4, 1863.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner for Exchange, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose to your herewith copies* of two letters received this day from Mr. Ould. You will perceive that the decides the proposition for the exchange of surgeons unless Doctor Rucker is left to his fate. We are still holding Surg. R. J. Freeman, of the Atlanta, as a hostage for Asst. Surg. W. W. Myers, U. S. Navy. I send the steamer New York to-day to Fort McHenry for the chaplains and I will go to City Point and see Mr. Ould when she returns. Before having an interview with Mr. Ould I should be pleased to have it in my power to give him some definite information in relation to the status of General Morgan and his command. Are they still confined in the penitentiary? Colonel Streight and his command are now treated as other prisoners of war. When I had the pleasure of seeing Colonel Hoffman, he informed me that the U. S. authorities did not authorize that treatment which General Morgan's officers received when imprisoned at Columbus.

---------------

*See old to Meredith, p. 337, last communication, and p. 338.

---------------

