
also, there of the First Maryland Cavalry, who have been in prison over twelve months; Virginians, North Carolinians, Tennesseans, and others, loyal and true to the United States Government, who have endured similar imprisonment for a long time (over fifteen months). As winter is fast approaching, I deem it my imperative duty to suggest to you the use of every available means to effect the release of these unfortunate fellow-beings from their destitute and deplorable condition and restore them to their respective homes. In furtherance of this object, I respectfully state that I have in my custody several disloyal or Confederate citizens, among whom are Messrs. Granville J. Kelley, A. Nichols, Gustavus B. Wallace, and S. P. Bailey, whom I believe to be men of veracity and fully competent and willing to visit Richmond, Va., and execute such arrangements tending to the release of any equivalent number of our people that may meet the concurrent approbation of our and their military authorities. I therefore ask that the objects of this communication may claim your early and favorable condition.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM P. WOOD,

Superintendent Old Capitol Prison.

WASHINGTON, October 5, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners:

SIR: If Colonel Streight and his command have not been released with others to makeup the equivalent for paroled officers and men declared exchanged by Mr. Ould, I wish you to obtain from Mr. Ould a distinct reason why it has not been done.

Inform Mr. Ould that our treatment of General Morgan's command hangs upon his decision in this matter, and upon the disposition made in the South of officers of colored regiments and their commands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers, &amp;c.

P. S. -I have not yet heard of the condition of Colonel Powell. Why is he not released?

E. A. H.,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 5, 1863.

Colonel COLLETT LEVENTHOROPE, Baltimore, Md.:

(Through the Commanding General, Baltimore.)

SIR: Your communication of the 24th ultimo, addressed to the secretary of War, requesting to be paroled or exchanged, has been handed to me with an indorsement (by order of the Secretary) to the effect that your "release will be ordered upon receipt of positive intelligence that the authorities at Richmond have released the number of officers of colored regiments constituting an equivalent to a colonel. "

You are at liberty to address your Government on this subject, if you desire to do so, covering your letter to me for examination.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major General of Vols., Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

