
and immediately circulated by being published in the journals of the city and by being transmitted to neighboring stations so far up as Saint Louis, Mo.:

Escaped from the Irving Block, Charles Lewis, second lieutenant, Second U. S. Cavalry, lately tried for murder of Lieutenant-Colonel Woods, a prisoner of war. Two hundred dollars will be paid for his arrest and delivery to Colonel D. C. Anthony, provost-marshal. If the resists arrest all persons, civil or military, are hereby authorized to shoot him upon the spot. All officers, soldiers, and citizens are required and authorized to arrest said Lewis.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The fact of the escape was upon the same day telegraphed to the Adjutant-General U. S. Army at Washington, D. C.

the next heard of him showed him to have hastened to richmond, Va., where he tendered his service to the rebel authorities and was commissioned as a lieutenant in some rebel organization of the cavalry arm.

It is since reported that for gallantry in fighting against his country he was promoted to a colonelcy, vice the colonel of the regiment in which he was then serving, to fill a vacancy by reason of the death of the latter from wounds received at Fredericksburg.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]

FORT MONROE, July 4, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to Honorable Robert Ould, agent for exchange of prisoners.

The form of report of General Hurlbut was evidently not intended for reference to Confederate authorities, but as it embodies important statements it is forwarded as received by Colonel Hoffman.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange.

[Second indorsement.]

JULY 10, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War.

The circumstances narrated in the two papers are very singular.

I have made particular inquiries for any such officer in our service as Charles Lewis and can find none such.

If he has joined our service ha has changed his name.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, June 23, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM H. LUDLOW, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: The grounds upon which Doctor Rucker has been retained have already been fully communicated. He has been indicted by the Commonwealth of Virginia for offenses committed within her limits which are not sanctioned by any civilized military code. He was not under the protection of a soldier when he committed the felonies charged against him. The State is now prosecuting him for those crimes and his trial has been delayed for two terms of the court, at his own instance, as I am informed.

