
the only object being to secure such treatment to our troops as may fall into rebel hands as the laws of war entitle them to. I do not recommend a departure from this policy until the rebel authorities change their practice, both actual and threatened. I suggest, however, in injustice to the honorable intervention of General Butler, that General Thompson be informed of the interest in his behalf taken by General Butler.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major - General of Prisoners.

[Second indorsement.]

Colonel HOFFMAN:

The Secretary of war deems no reply necessary.

[Inclosure.]

DEPOT OF PRISONERS,

Johnson's Island, near Sandusky, Ohio, September 28, 1863.

Major General BENJAMIN F. BUTLER, U. S. Army,

Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: About this time last year the fortunes of war placed in my hands a captain Thornton of your command, wounded and a prisoner of war. You will remember that I sent Captain Thronton on parole back to New Orleans in your yacht. I promised Captain Thornton that if I was ever captured I would notify him of my whereabouts, that he might return the favor which he thought I extended to him. I do not think that Captain Thornton is under any obligations to me, as I simply acted toward him as I have to all gentlemen who have been so unfortunate as to be captured by me, but in conformity with my promise I would like to let him know that I am here; and, as I do not know his address, and understanding at the time that he was a personal friend of yours, I hope it will not be presuming to request you to forward him this letter, let me know his address, or otherwise let him know that I am at this prison, as may be most convenient or agreeable to yourself.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier - General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., October 6, 1863.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF,

Commanding Fort Delaware, Del.:

GENERAL: In may cases on application for discharge by prisoners of war the decisions have been unfavorable, but they are not to be considered as final. It is probable that when circumstances are such as to justify it, many or all of these applicants will be discharged, and if there are among the prisoners others who have made no application, but who do not wish to be sent South for exchange, preferring to take the oath of allegiance and remain North, they too, may be discharged. In the meantime men so disposed will not be forwarded for exchange until a decision is had in their cases.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary - General of Prisoners.

(Copies of the foregoing letter sent to Brigadier - General Marston, commanding depot prisoners of war, Point Lookout, Md. ; Brigadier General

