
some are willing to enter the navel and a few the military service of the United States. Others, if allowed to take oath of allegiance, would, I have no doubts, soon find their way into the rebel army.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. MARSTON,

Brigadier - General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., October 7, 1863.

Honorable SCHUVLER COLFAX, South Bend, Ind.:

DEAR SIR: I am informed by General Meredith that Mr. Ould, the rebel agent at Richmond, provides that all money sent to prisoners in Richmond prisons shall be honestly delivered or accounted for. If it is received in gold it will be handed over in that shape, or it will be converted into Confederate currency at the market rates, as may be desired. Greenbacks are not recognized as a legal tender, but they will generally sell it for their own money, so called, at the option of the owner. Whether these promises can be depended on is somewhat doubtful, but as I have been very careful to have money belonging to prisoners of war carefully accounted, for, and as all that is forwarded through General Meredith, as all should be, will be receipted for, I think they will not have the hardihood to steal it. It is also arranged that blankets, clothing, &amp;c., may be sent to the prisoners through General Meredith, and by way of trying the experiment, I have recommended to the War Department to send 500 blankets, to be followed, if the way seems to be safe, with articles of clothing. If this understanding can be carried out, our friends in Richmond will be much better off than they are now, but at best their condition will be sufficiently deplorable. I am sorry to say that there is little prospect of further deliveries of any but sick and wounded enlisted men. Mr. Ould reports that Colonel Streight and his officers are on the same footing with other prisoners of war, and they are getting impatient that Morgan and his crew are still in the penitentiary. If you wish to send any money of friends in Richmond I will be very glad to forward it and get a receipt to show that it is really delivered.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary - General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., October 7, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners, Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 30th ultimo, inclosing a notice of further exchanges declared by Mr. Ould. * The staff of General Pemberton, as far as the rolls show, consists of 2 lieutenant colonels, 2 majors, 3 first lieutenant, and 1 second lieutenant, being equal to 62 enlisted men. The officers and men of the engineer corps sappers and miners names in Mr. Ould's letter equal 76 enlisted men, making in all 128 enlisted men to be added to the number declared exchanged in excess of Federal troops paroled to September 1 and declared exchanged. There are

---------------

* See Ould to Meredith, September 26, 1863, p. 322.

---------------

