
now at Camp Parole, near Annapolis, Md., 1,371 enlisted men delivered at City Point during the month of September, and I suggest that you at once declare all prisoners of war received at City Point up to 1st of October exchanged. There were paroled at Vicksburg after its capture by General Grant 115 citizens, and Mr. ould will doubtless declare them exchanged whenever he finds it convenient. I have heard of the arrival of a number of citizens at annapolis, delivered at City Point, but as I have been furnished with no rolled, I do not know on what conditions they were released. Cannot you declare them exchanged and offset them by as many of the Vicksburg captures? Lists of rebel officers held by us and of the deaths in hospitals will be sent you in a few days. Reports from hospitals do not come in before the 10th.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary - General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST,New York City, October 7, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary - General of Prisoners:

COLONEL: I have just received your telegram of the 6th instant, inquiring where Captain Winder, hostage for Captain Sawyer, is confined. I do not know. When I received the order from Major - General Halleck to select General Lee and another officer not below the rank of captain, there was none of the latter grade in confinement within the Department of Virginia. In acknowledging the receipt of the order, I so stated. I was informed afterward that Captain Winder had been selected. I supposed that he was in confinement with other Confederate officers under your direction. In my notice to Mr. Ould, a copy of which I handed to the Secretary of War, I informed him, Mr. Ould, of the selection of General Lee and another office whose name would be sent to him. I inclose copy of the notice. * Having been relieved from duty, I have had no correspondence of any kind with Mr. Ould and have had no instructions had no instructions as to the name of the officer.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant - Colonel and Assistant Inspector - General.

FORT McHENRY, October 7, 1863.

Colonel HOFFMAN,

Commanding - General of Prisoners, Washington City, D. C.:

SIR: I addressed you through the commanding officer of this post on the 13th of July last, calling your attention to my case. On the 8th of August I addressed a communication through the same officer to the Secretary of War, asking him to have my case referred to the Judge - Advocate - General for a decision, if proper, or that I might be sent to Brigadier - General Kelley, commanding at Harper's Ferry, and to be paroled to go to my home inside of the Federal lines, on account of my infirm health from long confinement, until a final a decision could he had. I again addressed you on the 26th of August, referring you to my letter to the Secretary of war of August 8, asking you to take some action toward effecting my final discharge and exchange. Not hearing from

---------------

* See Ludlow to Ould, July 16, p. 1127.

---------------

