
you, I am constrained to address you again, hoping that some action may be had case. Justice asks it. Humanity demands it. God enjoins it: " Dounto all men as you would they should do unto you. " I have been in confinement ten months. The evidence in may case has all been taken and recorded, and as I stated to you in my letter of July 13, to which I refer you, there is not a particle of evidence to criminate me. There was not flag of truce. The parties were not soldiers, but spies; and it was positively proven that I was in Charlestown, eight miles from the place, when the occurrence took place with which I am charged. I was captured prior to any interruption of exchanges, and all officers captured long since have been exchanged. I am entitled to my exchange as soon as the charges against me can be removed. I certainly have been detained long to have had a full and fair investigation, and should not be made to suffer when innocent. Permit me to urge this matter, hoping that you may give it your earliest attention.

Very respectfully,

ROBERT W. BAYLOR,

Captain, Twelfth Virginia Cavalry, U. S. Army.

[Indorsement.]

OFFICE OF COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

October 13, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War to be considered with papers referred on the 31st of August. On July 17 a petition of Captain Baylor to be informed of the result of his trial was referred to Major - General Schenck, but no reply was made.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary - General of Prisoners.

FORT DELAWARE, DEL., October 7, 1863.

Surg. J. SIMPSON, U. S. Army,

Medical Director Middle department, Baltimore, Md.:

SIR: I have the honor herewith to transmit a list* of the deaths of prisoners of war at this post during the month of September. The mortality is to me fearful and it is a melancholy proof of your oft expressed views as to the unfitness of this wet island as a depot for large numbers of men.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. R. SILLIMAN,

Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Army, in Charge.

[Indorsement.]

OFFICE OF MEDICAL DIRECTOR,

Baltimore, Md., October 9, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to the Commissary - General of Prisoners, whose earned and careful attention is drawn to the fact that out of, say, 7,000 prisoners not sick or wounded when sent to Fort Delaware some 300 have died in the past month. This is a horrid morality, and I think mere humanity should cause us to select a more healthy place for prisoners of war.

GEORGE SUCKLEY,

Surg, U. S. Vols., and Actg. Medical Middle Department.

---------------

* Omitted. Roll shows 317 enlisted men and 14 citizens.

---------------

