HEADQUARTERS TRANS - MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., October 7, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

GENERAL: The difficulty of collecting the Vicksburg and Port Hudson prisoners is much greater than was anticipated. Although their intention to return to service is no doubt made, still it is impossible to get them from their, homes, except by armed force, until they are notified that they have been regularly exchanged. I cannot possibly spare a sufficient cavalry force from the front to gather these men up, and my only hope of securing their services is to be promptly notified from the War Office of their exchange as soon as made.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant - General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

November 9, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Robert Ould, commissioner, &amp;c.

Is there any order relating to the Port Hudson prisoners to be issued?

By command of Secretary of War:

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

[Second indorsement.]

RICHMOND, November 12, 1863.

Respectfully returned to the Adjutant - General.

Exchange Notice Numbers 7 specifically declares the Port Hudson prisoners exchanged. Notices Nos. 6 and 7 mention what Vicksburg prisoners have been exchanged.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT - GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 8, 1863.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Dept of Virginia and North Carolina, Fort Monroe, Va.:

SIR: The proceedings of the military commission instituted for the trial of David M. Wright, of Norfolk, in Special Orders, Nos. 195, 196, and 197, of 1863, from the headquarters Department of Virginia, have been submitted to the President of the United States. The following are his remarks in the case:

OCTOBER 7, 1863.

Upon the presentation of the record in this case and the examination thereof, aided by the report thereon of the Judge - Advocate - General, and on full hearing of counsel for the accused, being satisfied that no proper question remained open except as to the sanity of the accused, I caused a very full examination to be made on that question, upon a great amount of evidence, including all offered by counsel of accused, by an expert of high reputation in that professional department, who thereon reports to me, as his opinion, that the accused, Dr. David M. Wright, was not insane prior to or on the 11th day of July, 1863, the date of the homicide of Lieutenant Sanborn; that he has not been insane since, and is not insane now (October 7, 1863.) I therefore approve the finding and sentence of the military commission, and direct that the major - general in command of the department including the place of trial, and wherein the convicts now in custody, appoint time and place and carry said sentence into execution.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

