
The following are the finding and sentence of the commission:

Of the specification: Guilty.

Of the charge: Guilty.

And thereupon the court sentence the accused, David M. Wright, of Norfolk, physician, to be hung by the neck until he be dead, at such time and place as may be appointed by the major - general in command of this department or by the President of the United States. The court was unanimous in this sentence.

The President directs that you carry the sentence into execution in accordance with his orders above quoted.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY FOR EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, Va., October 8, 1863.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Commissioners of Exchange, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: In accordance with the instructions contained in your letter of the 5th instant, I submitted the letters from S. D. Culbertson and A. McInnes, esquires, therein inclosed, to Mr. Ould, information him that we knew of no prisoners in our hands held under similar circumstances, and inviting him, if he knew of any to name them, and make a mutual exchange. I explained to Mr. Ould that the U. S. authorities did not hold any person a prisoners on the ground that he was a citizen of the South, but always for some special cause. I also informed him that if he could not name any, that twenty - four hours after any given time the U. S. authorities could seize any required number of secessionists in the South, to be exchanged for those referred to. Mr. Ould, in reply, stated that, notwithstanding, he would not make any special exchange, but that he was willing to make any arrangement which will be at all reciprocal, and he expresses himself perfectly willing to join in any general principle of exchange.

In this connection I will state that Mr. Oule informed me that the object of the rebel authorities in arresting citizens was a retaliatory measure, and for the purpose of bringing to bear such a pressure on the U. S. authorities as to cause them to refrain from making more arrests of sympathizers with the South.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. NEREDITH,

Brigadier - General and Commissioner for Exchange.

FORT MONROE, VA., October 8, 1863.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner of Exchanges, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of October 5, 1863, and in reply I will state that at my interview with the rebel agent of exchange I demanded the release of Colonel Streight and his command to aid to make up the equivalent for paroled officers and men declared exchanged by him. Mr. Ould declined on the ground that on the last notice of exchange which we published the balance was in his favor, at the same time handing me a written statement to that effect, which I had the honor to hand you in person. His reply was the same in relation to Colonel Powell.

