
Mr. Ould informed me that he should proceed to declare exchanges, whenever he conscientiously felt that he had the right to do so, for the purpose of putting men in to the field

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier - General and Commissioner for Exchange.

CARROLL PRISON, October 8, 1863.

Colonel ROBERT OULD,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners:

COLONEL: On the 16th of July I was taken from our Confederate officers in the Old Capitol and placed in close in confinement, as Superintendent Wood supposed, as a hostage for Captains Sawyers and Flinn. Since the released of Sawyer and Flinn from close confinement Mr. Wood has endeavored to have me released, but colonel Hoffman, Commissary - General of Prisoners, will not order my release, nor will he state why or for what purpose I am still held in close confinement. The superintendent is unable to find out why I am held. I was placed in close confinement the same day that General Lee and Captain Winder were, and it was believed by all the officers of the prison that I was a hostage for Wawuer and Flinn. I would be extremely obliged to you if you would represent my case to General Meredith, and have me exchanged when our officers are and placed on the same footing with them until an arrangement for an exchange is effected. I am extremely anxious to know why I am held. Superintendent Wood has tried in vain to find out. I trust you will attend to my case at your earliest convenience.

Yours, very respectfully,

ROBERT H. TYLER,

Captain, Eighth Virginia Infantry.

[First indorsement.]

RICHMOND, October 30, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier - General Meredith, agent for exchange.

Will General Meredith inform me for what reasons Captain Tyler has been placed in close confinement?

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

[Second indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSIONER OF EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, Va., November 2, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Colonel William Hoffman, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier - General and Commissioner for Exchange.

[Third indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

November 10, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War for his information. Captain Tyler states he wrote the within letter at the suggestion of Mr. Wood, superintendent of the Old Capitol Prison, and that it was sent with his approval through Mr. Clark, his assistant.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary - General of Prisoners.

