
OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., October 9, 1863.

Brigadier General G. MARSTON,

Commanding Depot Prisoners of War, Point Lookout, Md.:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of the 1st instant,* I have the honor to say that there is no objection to the visits of clergymen to the prisoners at stated times, provided the prisoners have no objections to such visits. There must, of course, be no doubt about the unqualified loyalty of the clergymen admitted, and their visits must before religious purposes only, and not to engage in political discussions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary - General of Prisoners.

CAMP DOUGLAS, Chicago, Ill., October 9, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary - General of Prisoners, Washington:

COLONEL: I desire to call your attention to the necessity of immediate action as regards the construction of the new barracks for prisoners at this camp. We have now more prisoners than we have barracks, for, and are lodging them in outhouses and kitchens. There is plenty of vacant ground in the camp that can be used for building, aside from replacing those burned last year. I also desire the erection of am additional hospital landry. The present accommodations are meager, temporary, and inconvenient. I am now using the chapel for hospital purposes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. V. DE LAND,

Colonel Michigan Sharpshooters, Commanding Post.

RICHMOND, October 9, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

The officers captured at Port Hudson are prisoners in the enemy's hands and not exchanged, not are they likely to be exchanged soon. The men there paroled or released are regarded as exchanged, and will be so announced.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, October 9, 1863.

General BRAGG, near Chattanooga:

Chaplains are to be unconditionally released. Hope is entertained that a similar agreement may be made as to surgeons. In the meantime it is suggested that you retain those you have taken. If released, it may prevent the agreement.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

