
Major James B. Dorman makes a report of the fight at Wytheville and makes inquires respecting paroled prisoners.

OCTOBER 9, 1863.

Respectfully returned to Colonel J. S. Preston.

The men named within are not bound by the paroles given by them. The Yankee authorities have notified me that they would not except us to recognize any such paroles given after the 23rd of May last. They have also issued a General Orders, Numbers 207, July 3, 1863, to the same effect. Their doctrine is that all captures must be reduced into possessions and the parties delivered at City Point or at Vicksburg, unless the commanders of two opposing armies otherwise agree. If the Federals recognize the paroles given to us, I am ready at any time to give them credit for those given to them. This should satisfy the consciences of the parties. If the Yankees make any claim to these paroles they will be obliged to recognize ours, and in that event I will give the equivalents for these paroles. No one could ask more than that. The men can go to duty immediately.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

Brigadier General W. H. F. Lee, C. S. cavalry, Fort Monroe, states that he has been informed that Captains Sawyer, for whom he is held as hostage, is not closely confined like himself and if so he asks that he shall receive the same treatment.

[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 9, 1863.

Respectfully returned to general Meredith, agent of exchange.

Captain Sawyer is treated like all the other officers who are prisoners of war. He associates with them and is in the same room. As far as treatment is concerned he is under no ban or disability. I have so informed General Meredith before.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

CHICAGO, ILL., October 10, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary - General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith my report of inspection of depot for prisoners of war near Sandusky, Ohio. I am now engaged inspecting Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. CLARK,

Surgeon and Acting Medical Inspector Prisoners of War.

[Inclosure.]

Report of inspection of camp and field hospital at Depot for Prisoners of War near Sandusky, Ohio, October 7, 1863; A. M. Clark, surgeon and acting medical inspector prisoners of war.

Designation of camp - Depot for Prisoners of War near Sandusky, Ohio. Commander of camp - Lieutenant Colonel William S. Peirson, Hoffman's Battalion. Command and strength - prisoners of war, 2,233; guard, Hoffman's Battalion, 16 officers, 384 rank and file; total, 2,633. Location of camp - Johnson's Island, Sandusky Bay, three miles northeast of Sandusky,

