
Ohio. Time occupied - established January, 1862. Water - source and supply, by pipes and pump from Lake Erie; quality and effects, slightly impregnated with lime from extensive beds of sulphate of lime in the bay . Fuel - wood abundant, from island mostly. Soil - loam and turf; subsoil, sand and gravel. Drainage - poor, island flat, no artificial drainage. Topography - island mostly flat woodland. Meteorology - frequently rains, nearly constant winds west and northwest, Police of camp - very good in Federal quarters and hospital, very bad in prisoner's quarters and hospitals. Discipline in camp - lax. Duties in camp - for prisoners, none that I could ascertain, except policing when they choose. Tents or huts - positions, barracks two stories on two sides an oblong square; quality, good; ventilation, very poor, in hospital barracks absolutely none except by windows; sufficiency, barracks somewhat crowded; utter insufficiency or hospital room, both Federal about eighteen feet long, five feet wide, and five feet deep, covered by sheds; condition and position, twelve in number, in rear of barracks about 75 to 100 feet; management, bad; they are nearly filled up and in filthy condition; no new ones being prepared. Removal of offal, &amp;c. - not well attended to; no receptacles provided for offal and slops from cook - house or barracks. Previous use of camp - farm and woodland. Rations - abundant and very good. Cooking in camp - for guard, good; for prisoners, by themselves, and consequently carelessly done; arrangements good. Inspection of food - said to be strict. Ovens -four excellent stationary ovens, sufficient to bake 5,000 loaves per diem; admirably kept. Vegetables - plentiful. Cleanliness of men and clothing - tolerable; prisoners being mostly officers, take some pride in personal condition; in the hospitals cleanliness is not as well attended to as it should be. Quality of clothing - mainly good. Quality of clothing - sufficient. Blankets and bedding - sufficient in quantity, but poor in quality as regards bedding. Habits of men - Federals tolerably cleanly and orderly; prisoners not inclined to do more than absolutely necessary. Condition of men - by no means as good as it would be were strict discipline enforced. Hospital building - for guard, entirely insufficient; for prisoners, require repairs; all want increased ventilation. Hospital police - good in hospital for guard, very bad in prisoners' hospital. Hospital discipline - lax. Hospital diet and cooking - good in hospital for guard; seems to be carelessly attended to for prisoners. Hospital heat and ventilation - well heated by stoves; ventilation nearly utterly lost sight of. Hospital capacity - guard hospital has proper space for twelve; prison for sixty. Number sick - guard 8, prisoners 52. State of medical supplies and surgical instruments - good. State of hospital records - very carelessly kept. State of hospital accounts - prison hospital fund not kept distinct from general prison fund; $ 4,890 prison fund on hand. State of hospital fund -for guard, about $ 100. Reports - not well kept up. Medical attendance - entirely insufficient; but one medical officers and he not well posted in military duties. Nursing - careless. Interments - carelessly made; cemetery one - half camp, not fenced in, and disturbed by cattle. Diseases prevalent - typhoid fever and pneumonia. Diseases zymotic - smallpox; three cases now on hand; patients are properly isolated, but vaccination not strictly attended to. Wounds and operations - operations mostly minor; but one amputation has been performed. Recoveries from diseases and wounds - patients said to recover readily, but this would be more certain if greater advantages were afforded. Mortality from diseases and wounds - average 0,2 per cent, for last four months.

