
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, October 10, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel N. G. WATTS, Mobile, Ala:

SIR: All the prisoners taken at Port Hudson and there paroled by Banks are free to go to duty. Neither our Government nor the Federal recognize the parole. A general order to this effect will issued in a few days. All Confederate prisoners who have been delivered at any other point than Vicksburg or City Point can immediately return to their commands, where such delivery was made since the 23rd of May last. You need not recognize any parole given since the 23rd of May last which was not in pursuance of a distinct agreement made between the commanders of the two opposing armies. Prisoners must be reduced into possession and delivered either at Vicksburg or City Point, unless there is some distinct is some distinct agreement to the contrary made by the commanders of the two opposing armies. The deliveries made at Mobile or Port Hudson will not be recognized. All such can immediately return to duty. The Yankee have forced us to assume this position. There is no danger to our people in returning to duty, because the Federals recognize the full force of the rule and acquiesce in it. They have done the same thing with the captures made by us.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

(Same to Lieutenant - Colonel Davis, Demopolis, Ala.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Vermillion Bayon, October 11, 1863.

COMMANDING OFFICER U. S. FORCES, New Ibaria:

SIR: The Honorable Albert Voorhies, judge of the supreme court of Louisiana, has bee made prisoners by our forces and ordered to New Orleans. The major - general commanding the department has permitted him to go on his parole of honor to his residence at Saint Martinsville, from which place he is to proceed on Wednesday next, the 14th instant, to New Ibare, where he will surrender himself into your custody to be transported to New Orleans and turned over to the custody of the provost - marshal - general of the department, Colonel E. G. Beckwith. The major - general commanding has ordered that Judge Voorhies'family shall be allowed to accompany him to New Orleans and remain there with him. He also desires that the judge and his family should be treated with the most perfect respect and courtesy during the journey and that every comfort practicable shall be furnished to them while en route. You will please detail a discreet and careful officer to accompany the judge as far as Brashear City, where he will transferred to the charge of the provost - marshal, with a copy of these instructions.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier - General and Chief of Staff.

