
OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., October 12, 1863.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster - General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C. ;

GENERAL: It will be necessary to send an additional number of prisoners of war to Point Lookout, Md., and I have the honor to request that a sufficient number of common tents may be sent there to accommodate 2,000, at four to a tent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary- General of Prisoners.

[OCTOBER 13, 1863, - For Rosecrans to Bragg, protesting against retention of Union medical officers as prisoners of war, and Rosecrans to Hoffman, reporting same, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. XXX, Part IV, p. 333.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., October 13, 1863.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Cincinnati, Ohio:

GENERAL: Lieutenant - Colonel Pierson reports to me that a number of prisoners under sentence of death have been sent to the depot of Johnson's Island to be executed at some future day, and he learns that more are to be ordered there from various places. I would respectfully represent that there are no prison accommodations at the depot other than the ordinary prisoners of war, except a small guard - house, with an adjoining prison for the use of the garrison, and without special arrangements to meet such purposes, not more than two or three prisoners should be sent there for execution at a time. During the summer season more could be taken care of, because they have cells in which they can be confined, but at this season of they are all have to occupy the same room, which is by no means a secure one. I have therefore to request that there may be at no time more than two or three prisoners under sentence of death at this depot. Rebel prisoners under sentence of confinement for the war may be held there without inconvenience, but Federal soldiers under sentence to labor and confinement should not be sent there. If the prisoners now there are not to be executed within a short time I suggest that they may be ordered elsewhere.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary - General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., October 13, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners, Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: On reading over Mr. Ould's letter I have thought it would be in power to make some suggestions which will perhaps aid you

24 R R - SERIES II, VOL VI

