
ordering Colonel Chandler to be returned. He claims that he like the rest should be either exchanged or discharged. His baggage was searched and nothing contraband was found, and it was all returned to home by the commodore. His little pocket money, $150 in gold and $52. 30 in U. S. notes, was taken and was forwarded by the district attorney to be returned to him, but was not. It must be in the hands of District Attorney Carrington or prize commissioner. The boat was a small row-boat. Each person had his own baggage, and the district attorney said the concern was not worth libeling. Colonel Chandler alleges personal feeling on the part of Colonel Hoffman as the cause of his protracted detention. He desires to be sent to General Schaneck, and to be sent thence South.

[First indorsement.]

Captain PARKER:

What has become of the case of Colonel D. T. Chandler?

J. H. MARTINDALE,

Brigadier-General and Military Governor.

[Second indorsement.]

I respectfully report that George Taylor was discharged June 13. Colonel Chandler is still in prison.

EDWARD G. PARKER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to Colonel Hoffman. Is there any reason why the exchange of Colonel Chandler was interrupted which should be taken into consideration in deciding whether he should be discharged?

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. H. MARTINDALE,

Brigadier-General and Military Governor.

OFFICE EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS,

Vicksburg, Miss., June 23, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding U. s. Forces near Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: I this day send across the river to you four men, viz James E. Gaddy, Company E, Sixth Illinois Cavalry; Bernard Collins, Company E, Thirty-ninth Ohio Infantry; A. M. Shipman, Company D, Forty-third Ohio Infantry; Nicholas Hoit, Company C, Seventh Iowa Infantry, who have been held as hostages since December, 1862, for the acts of some of your soldiers in Panola county, Miss.

I hand inclosed copy of a letter from Captain J. B. Sample, U. S. Army, and my reply.

Captain Sample detained four Confederate prisoners, viz, James McFall, Company A, tenth Kentucky Regiment; William Leton, company K, Twentieth Tennessee; E. W. Brown, Thirty-seventh Mississippi; W. H. Tomlin, Sixth Florid, under your instructions, as hostages for the four Federal prisoners. He and I agreed that the Confederate prisoners should be detained in Memphis, Tenn., and be sent to me as soon as the Federal prisoners were released. I ask of you, general, a fulfillment of this promise.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. G. WATTS,

Major and Agent.

