
calculation all enlisted men were counted alike, whereas a non - commissioned officer should have been counted as two privates. Giving, then, Mr. Ould credit for the 5,083 men, which he states were delivered at City Point between the 6th and 23rd of May, and declared exchanged by Colonel Ludlow, he is in our debt 5,539 enlisted men. Mr. Ould states that he has in his possession valid paroles amounting to at least 16,000 men. For all the prisoners that we claim as on parole we can show the rolls of delivery at the places named in the cartel, receipted by Confederate officers, and if he will show similar rolls of the 16,000 men he speaks of they will of course be recognized as valid and he will be credited with them.

I inclose you copies of correspondence with Colonel Ludlow to show you the policy of the Government, and that whenever cases occurred of paroling Confederate troops in violation of the general orders or cartel they were declared of no force. I also inclose an extract from a letter to General Schenck, bearing on the same letter. My impression is that the order of General Schenck, to which Mr. Ould refers, was not put in force. I inclose herewith an abstract of the Federal and Confederate troops paroled an exchanged. With the foregoing as basis you will have no difficulty in meeting all the points made in Mr. Ould's letter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS.

Washington, D. C., October 13, 1863.

Colonel P. A. PORTER,

Commanding Fort McHenry, Baltimore, Md.:

COLONEL: Please say to Captain Baylor that his severally letters have all been laid before the proper authorities and he must await their action. His letter of the 7th will be duly attended to and final action in his case has tended as much as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary - General of Prisoners.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., October 13, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary - General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith my report of inspection of Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill. I shall complete the inspection of Camp Butler at this place tomorrow, and leave on the 15th instant for Alton, Ill.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. CLARK,

Surgeon and Acting Medical Inspector of Prisoners of War.

[Inclosure.]

Report of inspection of camps and field hospitals at Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill., October 9, 1863, by. A. M. Clark, surgeon and acting medical inspector of prisoners of war.

Designation of camp-Camp Douglas. Commander of camp - Colonel Charles V. De Land, First Michigan Sharpshooters. Command and

