
recent; fifteen cases amputation lower extremities entirely recovered; operations performed elsewhere. Recoveries from diseases-not very ready; would be better if hospital was not overcrowded and ventilation more perfect. Mortality from diseases since August, 1863,- 0. 4 per cent. Medical officers-Surg. A. F. Whelan, First Michigan Sharpshooters, present since September 1, 1863; Asst. Surg. G. L. Cornell, First Michigan Sharpshooters, present since September 1, 1863; Asst. Surg. I. Brown, Sixty-fifth Illinois Volunteers, present since February 1, 1863; Dr. F. A. Emmons, present since September 28, 1863, contract made by Colonel De Land; De. G. W. Bicknell, present since October 6, 1863, contract made by Colonel De Land.

Water-there are at present but three hydrants provided to supply water for the whole camp. These are utterly inadequate but the post quartermaster informs me that he intends to furnish ten additional, which I thing will suffice. Drainage-a sewer is being laid, communicating with the lake; this-a plan of which I have been shown by the camp, but still is not sufficient, as it only runs around two sides of the camp, leaving the third side (the fourth side being higher ground does not need it), on which are the quarters of the Invalid Corps detachment, un provided for. Here are locate the three hydrants now is use and the ground being low the water accumulates in pools. In addition to this a ditch runs along this side of the camp just in side of the fence in which, no proper out let being provided, stagnant water collects. A branch of the sewer should be rundown this side of the camp; it might readily be done. In many places about a the prison barracks the ground is very uneven and affords lodging places for water and refuse. Police-this important matter is, with one or two exceptions, most in excusable neglected over the whole camp. The quarters of the Invalid Corps detachment, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Boyd, and the guard hospital and its cook-house, are models, deserving the highest, commendation. The prisoners' hospital is in a very fair condition, but not as good as it ought to be. The rest of the camp is simply filthy in its condition. Discipline-the above may be attributed to the very lax state of discipline in the camp.

Barracks-(1) Quality-all the prisoners' barracks are greatly in need of repair; there is not a door and hardly a window among them; a large proportion of the bunks are so mutilated as to be useless; much of the flooring and sidings removed and the open fire-places in the cook-houses are in a dilapidated condition; the roofs of all require repairs. (2) Ventilation-an attempt at ventilation seems to have been made when the barracks were built by making two small openings about twenty by eight inches in the ridge of each roof; this is utterly in sufficient, or will be so when the barracks are repaired. Some approved mode of ventilation should be adopted, especially in the hospitals, otherwise when cold water sets in a large increase in cases of pneumonia will have to be looked for. (3) Sufficiency-even were all the barracks is repair, there is adequate accommodation for but 4,500 prisoners. Barracks for some 1,500 additional paroled prisoners. (4) Heating -the guard barracks are kept too warm, there being two stoves in each, whole but very few (I notice but one or two) of the prisoners' barracks have any. Sinks-the quartermaster informs me that when the sewer is completed he intends having the sinks placed over it. This will be well if a sufficient flow of water can be obtained to keep the sewer clear. Offal-proper receptacles should be provided and regularly cleared. Cooking - this, as it too

