
of ten the case, has insufficient attention paid it by the proper officers. In the hospital it is well and in the guard barracks tolerably well done, but no attention is paid to and few utensils provided for the prisoners' cooking. There are two good ovens in the bakery, and two that could very readily be prepared for use, and I could learn no good reason why they are not used. These should be capable of baking 5,000 loaves per diem. If the four were baked in camp instead of being done by contract a large saving would be the result. Cleanliness-there is a great deficiency of laundry facilities. The hospital laundry is a very small building furnished dwith two 20 - gallon boilers. Thirteen 20-gallon boilers

(originally intended for cooking purposes) are provided for the prisoners, thus allowing one boiler for about 460 prisoners. Clothing - the commanding officer informs me that a quantity was lately received from the quartermaster's department, but as it is U. S. Army clothing he dares not use it lest the prisoners should escape. This should be looked at, for many of the prisoners are miserably clad, and already suffer much from the cold.

Hospital - Additional accommodation should be at once provided for at least 600 patients. There are now some 150 sick men lying in the barracks who should be in hospital and receiving attention. The chapel is being prepared as hospital against the protest of certain good ministers of Chicago, who claim that the prisoners' souls should be looked after at the expense of their bodies. There is an in sufficiency of table furniture both for hospital and barracks. The excuse given for this is that there is no hospital fund on hand.

Prison - The place of close confinement, or dungeon, in use is utterly unfit for this purpose. It is a "dungeon" indeed; a close room about eighteen feet square, lighted by one closely barred window about eighteen by eight inches, about six feet from the floor, and kitchen interest by means of hatch way in the ceiling about twenty inches square. The floor is laid directly on the ground and is constantly camp. A sink occupies one corner, the stench from which is intolerable. In this place at the time I visited it were confined twenty -four prisoners, the offense of all, I believe, being attempts to escape. The place might do for three off our prisoners, but for the number now confined there it is inhuman. At my visit I remained but a few seconds and was glad to get out, feeling sick and faint.

Such articles as are purchased from the prison or hospital funds are kept inventoried ready to be accounted for when necessary. With the above exceptions the requirements of the circular. Office Commissary - General of Prisoners, July 7, 1862, are, so far as I could ascertain, well carried out.

A. M. CLARK,

Surgeon and Acting Medical Inspector of Prisoners of War.

RICHMOND, October 13, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: Accompanying this communication you will find the copy of a letter from Lieutenant - Colonel Alston, of General Morgan's command. Lieutenant -Colonel Alston is the officer who was delivered at City Point by the last flag - truce boat. On the 30th of September last you informed me that " the U. S. authorities had nothing whatever to do with the treatment that General Morgan and his command received when imprisoned at Columbus. In my interview with you about one week ago you informed me that General Morgan and his officers were

