
and a small detachment of his men, were captured by a portion of

this very regiment, and were treated on their arrival at Nicholasville with the greatest indignity by Captain Frank E. Woclott, of Company F, of the same regiment. He not only abused the men as a practice of horse thieves and scoundrels, but took their boots and hats from them and threw them away in their presence. Lieutenant-Colonel Hanson also came up a short time afterward and took away from one of the parties some crackers and cheese which he had been allowed by these grenade to purchase.

In a few days afterward Lieutenant-Colonel Hanson was ordered to Louisville to do provost duty, relieving Lieutenant- Colonel Orcutt, of the Twenty-fifth Michigan Volunteer Infantry, who was ordered to the field. He and his regiment are still on duty there.

On the 26th of July Brigadier-General Morgan and most of his officers were captured. They were carried to Cincinnati, and from thence he and twenty-eight of his were selected and carried to Columbus, Ohio, where they were shaved and their hair cut very close by a negro convict. They were then marched to the bath room and scrubbed, and from there to their cells, where they were locked up. The Federal papers published with great delight a minute account of the whole proceeding. Seven days afterward forty-two more of General Morgan's officers were conveyed from Johnson's Island to the penitentiary and subjected to the same indignities.

I have seen Colonel D. Howard Smith, one of the officers who was conveyed there among the second lot, and he took me that Mr. Merion, the warden, apologized or such treatment, but he had distinctly informed General Burnside that the would received them on no other terms, and he had sent them.

I would respectfully call to your attention that there are a number of men confined at Camp Chase and also at Johnson's Island who represent themselves as officers of our command who are not officers. In the prison where I was there were three captains and two lieutenants who had no commands at the time of their capture, and have never had so far as my knowledge goes. I represented this matter to the commandant and requested him to correct, it but to the date of my leaving it had not been done.

* * * * * * * *

Very respectfully submitted by your obedient servant,

R. A. ALSTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Provisional Army, Confederate States.

RICHMOND, October 13, 1863.

General D. H. MAURY, Mobile:

Be sure of the fact and then retaliate.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector - General.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., October 14, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary - General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit there with my report of inspection of Camp Chase, near this place. I shall leave for Alton, Ill., tonight.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. CLARK,

Surgeon and Acting Medical Inspector of Prisoners of War.

