
the counties have safe buildings of this character and very few prisoners. They would require but a small force to guard them thus distributed, and on appeal to the patriotism of the citizens to guard them would, I feel satisfied, be cheerfully responded to. I trust, general, you will duly appreciate the motives by which I am actuated and upon reflection acquiesce in the justice of my views. I feel the embarrassment of your position in connection with these prisoners and would cheerfully cooperate with you in removing it in the manner proposed did my sense of duty to the State and the interests of the Trans - Mississippi Department admit of it.

I am, general, your most respectfully,

F. R. LUBBOCK.

NORFOLK, VA., October 15, 1863.

To the PRESIDENT:

Honorable L. H. Chandler has this moment informed me that Doctor Wright is ordered for execution in the morning, and that it is very desirable he should be granted a respite for one week in order to the arrangement of his private affairs and the making of some provision for his afflicted family.

I hope most certainly that you will not find inconsistent with your sense of duty to grant this short delay.

Be pleased to answer this at once.

With highest regards, I am, your, &amp;c.,

LEMUEL. BOWDEN.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., October 15, 1863.

Major-General FOSTER, Fort Monroe, Va.:

Postpone the execution of Doctor Wright to Friday, the 23rd instant (October). This is intended for his preparation, and is final.

A. LINCOLN.

FORTRESS MONROE, VA., October 15, 1863.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of this date in relation to Doctor Wright. Your orders shall be strictly obeyed.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major - General.

HARRISBURG, October 15, 1863.

Hon. A . LINCOLN, President United States:

Our majority in the senate depends upon the release of Major White. He was captured with Milroy's command and an especial exchange ought to be made for him. He is now in Libby Prison.

SIMON CAMERON.

