
general at Mobile has solicited a special exchange of Major Howard. We have, of course, declined the applications. When at Alexandria last summer, in a very large Texas mail that was captured, it was stated that Major Howard, then recently captured, was one of the most important men in the Confederate Army and that his exchange must be effected at any cost. Thinking it possible that application may be made to the commissioner for the United States for his exchange. I respectfully request that the may be notified of these facts.

I am, with high consideration, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

N. P. BANKS.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., October 16, 1863.

Brigadier General J. S. MARMADUKE,

Commanding Cavalry Division, Arkadelphia:

GENERAL: Your letter in relation to the exchanging of prisoners of war was received this morning. I have designated an officers to superintend the transfer on the part of the United States,

General, permit me to call your attention to are port that has been made to me by a man who is said to be reliable. It is to the effect that a party of soldiers belonging to your division have been hanging some peaceable citizens in the vicinity of Hot Springs, and elsewhere, on account of their supposed sentiments toward to Government of the United States. I do not believe all the stories that are told me but as this bears the air of probability. I inform you of it under the conviction that you would regard an outrage on the part of troops in the same light that I do myself.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

FRED'K STEELE,

Major - General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., October 16, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH,

Commissioners for Exchange of Prisoners, Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: By direction of the Secretary of War the Quartermaster- General will forward through you 500 blankets to be issued gratuitously to our prisoners in Richmond. Will

you please make an arrangement with Mr. Ould by which the blankets will be delivered to the senior officers among the prisoners, to whom please send instructions that the blankets are to be distributed to those most in want of them? The officers receiving should return his receipt for them to show that they have been delivered to him. The distribution should be made in the presence on one or two officers to guard against complaints of unfairness. If it is found that the prisoners there can be supplied with clothing and blankets in this way other articles will be forwarded without delay. Please ask for suggestions from our officers as to what is wanted and what can be done.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

