
that its limited number may possibly, but not probably invite. To habituate your men to be always on the alert, require them to parade under arms at reveille and tattoo, the officers being all present, and let each man have a particular place where to place his arms, and give him special instructions what to do in case of alarm, day or night. If a fire should break out, your whole command, except such as have been specially detailed to subdue the fire, should be under arms. To be prepared for any emergency, prepare a telegram to the military commandant at Detroit, calling for a

steamer and troops to assist you, and leave it at the telegraph office or with some person in whom you have confidence, to be forwarded upon the occurrence of any considerable signs of are volt on the part of the prisoners, such as the continuous firing of guns. Have it so understood that there will be no false alarm. You had better write to the military commandant, Lieutenant Colonel J. R. Smith, and explain to him what you think may occur, and what kind of assistance you will require, so that be may be prepared for your telegram.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HDQRS. HOFFMAN'S BATT., DEPOT PRISONERS OF WAR,.

Near Sandusky, Ohio, October 19, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: On the arrival of the last detachment of prisoners on the 16th there were among them six servants, four colored and two white, the latter small boys. Lieutenant Hamilton, of the Tenth Infantry, U. S. Army, who had charge of the prisoners, said these servants were furnished transportation to this post. The officers (prisoners) assured me they had all the prison they had been in, and that transportation had been furnished. Also that it was fully understood and agreed upon by General Banks in the surrender at Port Hudson. I inquired for any paper on the subject, and was shown the paper of which the within is a copy, viz, Special Orders, Numbers 240. I told them the servants could go in; that I should issue no rations for them, and that I would forward statement of the matter to you for directions. I inclose the same herewith. As these servants have been sent along by the permission of General Banks I thought it proper some one should pass on the matter of higher authority than myself. Please give me such directions as you think proper.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. PIERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Hoffman's Battalion, Commanding.

P. S. - Besides the permission to Colonel Steedman I saw other permissions, but do not know as all had from seeing them, but they gave me their word that they all brought them by permission.

[Inclosure.]

U. S. PIERSON, JOHNSON'S ISLAND, October 17, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel PIERSON:

SIR: We, the undersigned officers of the C. S. Army, now prisoners of war, respectfully ask that our negro servant, four in number who

