
have accompanied us here, be permitted to enter and remain in the prison with us during our confinement. We would base our application upon one of the articles of capitulation under which the garrison of Port Hudson was surrendered. The article is in substance as follows (we have no copy with us): That servants belonging to officers of the command be permitted either to go to their respective homes or accompany their owners, at their own choice. Under this stipulation many servants in the command went home in charge of horses and other private property, passports being given for the purpose by the provost-marshal. The servants of the undersigned, desiring to accompany us, were given passports and transportation in the steamers with us to New Orleans. They were admitted in to the prisons with us and allowed to remain during our three months' confinement there. When ordered to New York, fearing some difficulty in retaining our servants, application was made to Major-General Banks for a special order which would avoid all difficulty in his department and at the same time answer as the best recommendation we could have for their admission in to prisons

beyond the control of Major-General Banks. The special order was promptly given, a copy of which is inclosed with this communication. Under this order these servants accompanies us to New York, thence to Governor's Island, and from there to this point. We now earnestly ask that they be allowed to remain in this prison with us for the reasons stated above. Furthermore, they are exceedingly anxious to remain, their wishes having been consulted upon each removal. Humanity, independent of the above considerations, would forbid our quietly permitting these faithful servants to be turned loose during a winter in this latitude, without means or friends.

We are, very respectfully,

I. G. W. STEEDMAN,

Colonel First Regiment Alabama Volunteers, C. S. Army.

R. M. HEWITT,

Captain, and Adjutant Miles Legion, C. S. Army.

J. B. WILSON,

Lieutenant, Thirty-ninth Mississippi Volunteers, C. S. Army.

O. P. AMACKER,

Captain, Ninth Louisiana Battalion Cavalry, C. S. Army.

[Sub-inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULD, Numbers 240. New Orleans, September 25, 1863.

I. Colonel I. G. W. Steedman, C. S. service, prisoner of war, has permission to take his servant North with him. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

G. NORMAN LIEBER,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, October 19, 1863.

Honorable S. R. MALLORY, Secretary of the Navy:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose to you a communication just received by flag-of-truce boat. No such list as Mr. Welles refers to has ever been presented to me by the Federal agent of exchange.

