
dwellings. Wards - two large wards in college buildings and twelve small rooms in dwelling houses. Capacity - full capacity for 200 patients. Patients, number of - rebel soldiers, 156; civilians, 40; total 196. Patients, condition of - generally good. Patients, return to prison of - not returned till fully recovered. Ventilation - in large wards good; in small wards poor. Warming - well warmed by stoves. Lighting - lamps. Lavatories and baths - sufficient and in very good order. Water supply - sufficient, from river, by city works. Sewerage - sufficient, into city sewer. Water-closets - sufficient in number and in tolerably good condition, but not emptied sufficiently often, nor sufficient disinfected. Excreta, removal of - by night carts, usually once a month. Furniture and utensils - obtained on requisition from the medical purveyor; sufficient and in very good order. Bedding - sufficient and clean. Kitchens - two, in excellent order, one under charge of two Sisters of Charity for preparation of delicacies. Kitchen utensils - sufficient and in very good order. Cooks - prisoners, duties well performed. Cooking and serving - daily inspected by surgeon in charge. Diet, quality of - good. Diet, variety of - sufficient varied; means of supply, from commissary and purchase from hospital fund. Diet tables - U. S. general hospital diet tables. Store-room - in good order. Dispensary - instruments and medicines, in very good order; compounding and dispensing, well performed by a contract nurse acting as hospital steward. Hospital stores and comforts - sufficient and in good order. Hospital records - well kept. Hospital fund - $75 on hand september 30, 1863. Hospital clothing - sufficient, obtained from medical purveyor. Reports - well kept up. Returns - such property as is not accounted for to medical department is kept invoiced ready to be accounted for. Laundresses and laundry - washing done at stream laundry and paid for from hospital fund. Repair-none needed except arrangements for ventilation. Medical attendance - three medical officers, sufficient. Chaplain - one chaplain officiates here and at benton Barracks. Discipline and police - discipline lax; police very good, especially in large wards. Nurses, men - two contract nurses, the rest prisoners. Nurses, women - two Sisters of Charity. Operating and post-mortem rooms - none provided. Dead houses - in good order. Interments - by contract with Government undertake. Diseases prevalent - miasmatic, pulmonic, diarrhea. Diseases zymotic - no smallpox lately. Wounds and operations - wounded seldom received here. Recoveries from diseases - said to be ready. Mortality from diseases and wounds - average 3 per cent. caused of the sick. The surgeon in charge considers that several deaths were caused the last of last month and the first of this by the delay of the keeper in putting up the stoves.

Medical officers - Actg. Asst. Surg. James M. Youngblood. This hospital also receives the patients from the Myrtle Street prison, which has no hospital attached. The two prisons are in a fair state of police, especially the Gratiot Street prison.

The cooking arrangement are sufficient and keep in good order, and the food appears to be properly inspected. The water-closets are kept in fair condition, thought sufficient use is not made of disinfectants. In the Myrtle Street prison the water-closets are drained into the city sewer. There are at present in the two prisons 962 prisoners, divided as follows: Myrtle Street, Federal officers, 4; Federal soldiers, 82; rebel soldiers, 5; civilians, 33; total, 124. Gratiot Street, Federal soldiers, 10; rebel soldiers, 64; civilians, 174; total, 838. Total Federal

