
side windows. Tents or huts, sufficiency - 10,000 men. Tents or huts, heating - sufficient, one stove in each company barrack. Sinks, construction - very faulty, too large, about 20 feet long, 6 feet wide, and 6 feet deep. Sinks, condition and position - very foul, about 100 feet in rear of each regimental barracks. Sinks, management, removal of offal, &amp;c. - disinfection imperfectly accomplished by means of lime; apart from their too great size and consequent accumulation of offal they are well kept. Previous use of camp - camp of instruction. Cooking in camp of instruction. Cooking in camp and inspection of food - well provided for an inspected by commanding officer. Portable ovens - bread baked in camp by contractor, quality good. Vegetables - sufficient supply. Cleanliness of men and clothing - no judgment to be formed, as the few men present had but just arrived and were engaged in policing their quarters. Blankets and bedding - abundant for hospital purposes. Condition of men in hospital - could not be better; everything about the hospital is clean and sweet. Hospital buildings - one barrack divided into two wards, with the necessary outbuildings. Hospital discipline - evidently strict. Hospital diet and cooking - very well provided for and inspected; U. S. general hospital diet table. Heat and ventilation - well heated by stoves; ventilation side and roof, nearly perfect. Hospital capacity - 100 patients. Number sick - 33, chiefly belonging to Eleventh Missouri Cavalry. State of medical supplies, surgical instruments, and records - good, and very well kept by an old U. S. Army hospital steward. State of hospital fund - none on hand, as the post hospital has but recently been separated from the U. S. Army general hospital. Medical general hospital. Medical attendance - two medical officers. Nursing - well performed by convalescents. Interments - by Government undertaker. Diseases prevalent - malarial, pulmonic. Diseases, prevention of - the hospital is badly located, but every advantage that a thorough state of police offers is seized. Recoveries from diseases - comparatively slow from bad location of hospital. Medical officers - Surg. Ira Russell, U. S. Volunteers; Acting Asst. Surg. William A. McMurray.

This camp as in admirable condition in every respect except as regards the sinks and location of the hospital. The sinks are altogether too large and are not drained. The hospital is located at the western extremity of the camp and on its lowest ground. The drains here come very near the surface, and the ground, which is naturally marshy and declines from every direction toward the hospital, is, consequently, very imperfectly drained. In fact, I am informed that in continuous wt weather the hospital forms an island in the midst of a pond. The surgeon in charge states that very few patients escape the malarious influence after remaining for a few days in the hospital was included in the U. S. Army general hospital, situated adjacent to the camp and under the charge of the present surgeon in charge of the post. When it was separated the surgeon in charge in turning over the hospital property to his relieving officer retained such portion of it as was needed for the post hospital. All property in the hospital not accounted for to the medical department and all imperishable property purchased from the camp fund is kept invoiced ready to be accounted for. The camp fund on hand September 30 was $1,965. 36. From it are purchased table furniture, policing furniture, blanks printed, and extra-duty men paid. There have been no prisoners at this camp since the last of September, until October 19, when sixty-three were received from Annapolis, Md. The highest

