
on the part of prisoners who were thus effectually prevented from holding communication with friends outside or from gratifying their curiosity by observing what occurred beyond their prison walls. In fine, the belief confidently entertained, that when the facts above affair, are brought to the knowledge of Her Majesty's Government, the prisoner Hardcastle will be viewed as the victim of such casualty as may at any time be apprehended by one who was placed himself in the wrong.

For the purposes of this inquiry, it is not deemed at all important to determine whether the shot was in fact aimed at Pleasonton or Hardcastle, since the latter at the moment of firing had incurred precisely the same guilt as the former, and by placing himself defiantly in the position which he occupied must be regarded as having wantonly thrown his life away.

Respectfully submitted.

J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General.

WASHINGTON, October 22, 1863.

Brigadier-General MEREDITH:

Colonel Hoffman mailed yesterday a letter to you containing very just and deserved censure upon the conduct of Mr. Ould. I approved of his remarks entirely, but I do not wish you to break with Mr. Ould without direct sanction from the Secretary of War.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

WASHINGTON, October 22, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH:

You can see Mr. Ould according to appointment, but avoid controversy as much as possible.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., October 22, 1863.

Brigadier General J. H. MARTINDALE,

Military Governor, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that you will direct that D. T. Chandler, a political prisoner at the Old Capitol Prison, be released on parole for thirty days with a view of his visiting Richmond, there to effect the release and exchange for himself of Andrew Johnson, the nephew of Governor Johnson, of Tennessee, now a prisoner in the city. If Colonel Chandler fails to effect the exchange and delivery at City Point of Mr. Johnson, then he will return to this city and surrender himself to the provost-marshal at the expiration of thirty days. Please notify him that in case of his accomplishing the object of his parole, Mrs. Chandler will be permitted to join him at City Point, and she will be permitted to take a nurse with her that far. Any pecuniary arrangement which he may wish to make previous to his departure

