
must be made by correspondence with his friends. Parole for this purpose cannot be granted to him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS WHITE RIVER DISTRICT,Jacksonport, Ark., October 22, 1863.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT:

SIR: Reliable information has reached me that the following Confederate soldiers have been taken prisoners and are now confined in filthy dungeons in Memphis, Tenn.: Lieutenant R. B. Barton, Privates J. A. Hill, Jack Zands, and George Riley and D. W. Barton, of captain McGehee's company, Colonel Dobbin's regiment; also Privates E. D. Lewis and William Young, of Captain Barton's company, same regiment.

A letter from one of these men confined with the others asserts that they are treated as "cut-throats and robbers" and not as prisoners of war.

I assure you that all of these men are regular soldiers in Confederate service, and their companies were, at the time of their capture, and are now, acting under orders of proper Confederate officers, and they are therefore entitled to the treatment of prisoners of war.

I hope this note will be answered with the assurance that these prisoners will hereafter receive the humane treatment to which prisoners of war are entitled.

Should I be disappointed in this reasonable expectation I will reluctantly adopt such a course as will insure the humane treatment of men and offices under my command when they are captured.

Your obedient servant,

D. McRAE,

Brigadier General, Commanding Confederate Forces Northeast Arkansas.

[OCTOBER 22, 1863. - For General Orders, Numbers 14, headquarters Norfolk and Portsmouth, directing the execution, on October 23, 1863, of Davis M. Wright, and for Foster to Halleck (October 23), reporting his execution, see Series I, Vol. XXIx, Part II, p. 370.]
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Dalton, Ga., October 22, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN H. WINDER:

GENERAL: Yours of september 15, inclosing copy of Colonel Streight's letter dated July 4 last, together with copy of yours of July 6, in relation to the articles of capitulation, and $850, is received.

It was agreed that private property would be protected and that the side-arms of the officers (so far as I was concerned) would also until their arrival at Richmond. Colonel Streight is correct in his statement in regard to the money in his possession.

My quartermaster purchased the horses of the surgeons and paid for them in Confederate money, and at the time that I made the exchange

