
with Colonel Streight was of the impression that the money was the property of the surgeons. I exchanged about $800 with Colonel Streight, giving him U. S. greenback notes, mostly in $1 and $2 bills.

Colonel Streight's command had done but little damage to property, having destroyed only one furnace and one stable. Many of the residences by the roadside had been pillaged before I began to press them, when they began to cast such articles as they had taken. There was quite a number of negroes with the command when I first overtook Streight. Most of them escaped and returned to their masters. I found none of the negroes in arms. Indeed, very few (not exceeding fifteen) were with Colonel Streight's command at the time of the surrender.

Your letter would have been answered, but owing [to] my absence did not receive it until last evening.

Yours, most respectfully,

N. B. FORREST,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, October 23, 1863.

Governor DAVID TOD, Columbus, Ohio:

The revenue steamer Michigan has been sent to Johnson's Island to aid in guarding the prisoners the.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 23, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I respectfully request that the Commissary-General of Prisoners may be authorized to give notice to the prisoners of war at their several places of confinement, through their proper commandants, that no further discharges will for the present be made, but that those who do not desire to be sent South for exchange may make application to their commandants, who will be required to forward to the commanding general from time to time the names of the applications enrolled, setting opposite the name of each his rank, where and when taken prisoner, with such remarks (in a column for the purpose) as the commandant from personal examination may deem important to a proper judgment in the case.

Cases of an extraordinary character, or where the claims for discharge may be so considered, might be presented separately.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major General Of Vols. and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, October 23, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Hoffman for his information and guidance. Please return.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

