
of our State. Upon consultation with Major General A. E. Burnside, commander-in-chief of this military department, I learn from him that he has not, subject to his command, a secure place in which to keep the principal officers of said band. I have therefore tendered to the Federal Government the use of our penitentiary as a place of safe -keeping for them until other provision can be made.

You will therefore please receive from the officers of the United States Government the said John H. Morgan and thirty others, Confederate officers captured with him (a list of whose names is herewith handed you), and safely and securely keep them within the walls of the penitentiary until other provisions shall be made for them. You will carefully search each prisoner as he may be handed over to you and take from him all arms and articles of value (money included) and carefully preserved the same until you may receive further directions touching the disposition thereof. You will keep said prisoners, so far as may be possible, separate and apart from the convicts.

You will furnish them with everything necessary in the way of food and clothing for their comfort, and impose only such restrictions upon them as may be necessary for their safe-keeping. You will permit no one to hold interviews or communications by writing or otherwise with them except by written or telegraphic order from General Burnside. You will employ such additional force for guard or other duty as you may deem necessary. Should clothing be required for the prisoners you will make requisition upon me for the same. You will keep an accurate account of all increased cost to the institution consequent upon a compliance with this request and report the same tome from time to time as you may require funds to meet the expenditure.

Respectfully, yours,

DAVID TOD,

Governor and Commander-in-Chief.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

Extract from a letter from Lieutenant L. D. Holloway, prisoner of war confined in the Ohio penitentiary, to his mother.

OHIO PENITENTIARY, CELL Numbers 27,

Columbus, October 22, 1863.

DEAR MOTHER: * * * Your letter finds me in good health. I have a good appetite and have never been sick a moment since I have been here and trust in God that my good health may continue. I am becoming quite fond of my cell, and in fact, this finding of being a prisoner is not half as bad as you might imagine. Here I can write home and receive letters from you all, which I could not do if I was not a prisoner. I can eat as much as I want and no limit to sleeping. Can keep warm, dry, and clean, read my Bible, sing in a whisper and pray for myself, my family, friends, and enemies, and all these things should make one who was been exposed to cold and rain, and often hungry and worn out for sleep, with other cares and duties crowding on him, quite pleasant for a time. * * *

L. D. HOLLOWAY.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

Extract from a letter from G. M. Coleman, a prisoner of war confined in the Ohio penitentiary, to his brother.

OHIO PENITENTIARY, Columbus, Ohio, October 22, 1863.

DEAR BROTHER: * * * You hopes that we were kindly treated. I don't think we have any just cause of complaint. Our confinement

