
now. I expect it will be a great duty to guard prisoners for water this winter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. PIERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Hoffman's Battalion, Commanding.

P. S. - Perhaps I ought to add that with all the disposition of prisoners to complain there has never been the first complaint from a sick person or their friends or any Confederate surgeon of want of supplies or care.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, October 26, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith my report of inspection of camp Morton, near Indianapolis, Ind., October 22, 1863. The reason for my delay in forwarding the above report, as well as those for Louisville, Ky., is that I have contracted a severe cold, which for several days has rendered writing almost an impossibility.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. CLARK,

Surgeon and Acting Medical Inspector of Prisoners of War.

[Inclosure.]

Report of inspection of camp and field hospital, Indianapolis, Ind., October 22, 1863, by A. M. Clark, surgeon and acting medical inspector of prisoners of war.

Designation of camp - Camp Morton. Commander of camp - Captain Guthridge, Forty-eighth Indiana Volunteers, this day relieved by Colonel Stevens, Invalid Corps. Command and strength - prisoners, rebel officers, 7; rebel soldiers, 2,325; civilians, 30; total, 2,362. Location of camp - one mile and a half north of Indianapolis, Ind. Time occupied - about eighteen months. Water, source and supply - by pumps from wells, five in number; supply, sufficient. water, quality and effects - good, slightly alkaline. Fuel - wood and coal. Soil - clay and sand, muddy. Drainage - bad from want of attention; ditches and drains choked with rubbish. Topography - ground level, some trees, deep ditch, formerly bed of a creek running through middle of camp. Police of camp - very bad. Discipline in camp - lax. Tents or huts, position - barracks on north and west sides of square. Tents or huts, pattern and quality - one story and in dilapidated condition. Tents or huts, ventilation - only ventilated from dilapidation. Tents or huts, sufficiency - the barracks at present used for prison purposes are sufficient for 2,000 to 2,200 prisoners. Tents or hunts, heating - stoves in a few of the barracks. Sinks, construction - exceedingly faulty, two excavations about twenty feet long, five feet wide, two feet deep, entirely open. Sinks, condition and position and position - very foul, one on north side about 25 feet in rear of barracks; on west side about 100 feet in rear. Sinks, management - no management at all. Removal of offal, &amp;c. - unattended to; the central ditch is a general receptacle for refuse of all kinds. Previous use of camp - State fair ground. Rations - abundant and of good quality. Cooking in camp - by prisoners over camp-fires. Inspection of food - said to be inspected by commanding officer. Portable ovens - none, bread furnished by commissary. Vegetables - potatoes only.

