
I found the bath and wash house used for storing straw for bedding. The hospital fund is not expended with sufficient freedom in procuring comforts for the sick, nor could I ascertain that any account of the less perishable articles, as table furniture, &amp;c., purchased from the fund is kept. The commanding officer states that he has been directed to erect two additional hospital barracks, but they are not as yet commenced. The prison fund on hand September 30, 1863, was $959. 68. This fund is drawn on for repairs, cooking, police, utensils, &c., of which an account is kept.

A. M. CLARK,

Surgeon and Acting Medical Inspector of Prisoners of War.

RICHMOND, October 26, 1863.

President DAVIS, Montgomery, Ala.:

Mr. Ould reports no balance of Federal prisoners remaining on which he can declare exchange unless those in actual custody here be delivered up, leaving our prisoners in the hands of the enemy. In making recent declarations of exchange he has exhausted very nearly all the paroles in his possession. Except as a measure of retaliation for unauthorized discharge by the enemy, the remaining Vicksburg captives cannot be discharged. No news of especial interest.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., October 27, 1863.

Major-General FOSTER, Fort Monroe, Va.:

It would be useless for Mrs. Doctor Wright to come here. The subject is a very painful one, but the case is settles.

A. LINCOLN.

OFFICE JUDGE-ADVOCATE-GENERAL,

Washington, October 27, 1863.

Case of Robert W. Baylor, of Twelfth Virginia Cavalry, in the service of the so-called Confederate States.

Captain Baylor was arraigned before a general court-martial, convened at Harper's Ferry, W. Va., on the 4th of June, 1862, for his trial on the following charges:

CHARGE 1: Violating a flag of truce.

CHARGE 2: Murder.

The specifications of these charges set forth that on the 7th day of February, 1862, the prisoners exhibited or caused to be exhibited on the south side of the Potomac River, at Harper's Ferry, a flag of truce and thereby induced one George Rohr, a loyal citizen of the United States, in the military service thereof and in charge of a flag-of-truce boat, to proceed across the river toward such flag, and that when said boat had arrived at or near to the place at which said flag or signal was exhibited it was fired into by the said Baylor or by his command, and the said Rohr was fired at and wounds inflicted on him of which he died on said 7th of February, 1862.

