
The court continued its proceedings in the trial from day to day until June 12, 1862, when all the testimony in support of the charge had been submitted and several witnesses had been heard for the defense, when the court adjourned to meet on the next day, June 13, 1862, but in consequence of the advantage of the rebel army never reassembled to conclude the trial of this case. It is recommended that Brigadier General B. F. Kelly, by whose order this court was appointed, be directed to reconvene it for the purpose of concluding its proceedings in this case.

J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., October 27, 1863.

Captain S. E. JONES,

Provost-Marshal District of Kentucky, Louisville, Ky.:

CAPTAIN: You will please inform all prisoners of war under your charge that for the present no more discharges will be granted, but those who do not wish to be sent South for exchange may make application to you to this effect and you will please forward to this office semi-monthly or oftener rolls of all such applicants, giving the rank, regiment, and company, when and where captured, and in the column of remarks such other particulars as on examination you may think necessary to a proper understanding of the case. Cases which you may deem of an respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

(Sam to Brigadier General Jon S. Mason, commanding, Columbus, Ohio; Colonel P. A. Porter, commanding Fort McHenry, Baltimore, Md. ; Lieutenant Colonel W. S. Pierson, commanding depot prisoners of war, Sandusky City, Ohio; Brigadier General G. Marston, commanding depot prisoners of war, Point Lookout, Md. ; Lieutenant Colonel C. B. Baldwin, commanding Davids Island, New York Harbor, Mass. ; Colonel G. W. Kincaid, commanding Alton military prison, Alton, Ill. ; Lieutenant Colonel James O. Broadhead, provost-marshal-general, Saint Louis, Mo. ; Brigadier General A. Schoepf, commanding Fort Delaware, Del. ; Colonel J. S. Simonson, commanding District of Indiana and Michigan, Indianapolis, Ind. ; Colonel Charles V. De Land, commanding Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill.)
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY PRISON,Camp Chase, Ohio, October 27, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the accompanying estimate* of clothing for rebel prisoners at this post. There are some 2,100 now confined here and many of them are very ragged and are beginning to suffer from cold. Estimate is not made for coats, as there are still some 300 on deposit here, left from last purchase. These, however, are of army pattern, though of black color. Shall they be issued to the prisoners? Would respectfully ask if under your instructions of March 20,

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

