
be held accountable, as no purchases can be made except by your order. If you have not found proper books in the office for keeping the accounts of the fund and other necessary records of the prisoners you will obtain them immediately, paying for them out of the fund, and have them accurately kept. All required blanks will be furnished from this office on your applying for them. You will immediately make out and transmit to this office an inventory of all property on hand at the camp purchased with the prisoners' fund. It must contain all property of every description - furniture, cooking utensils, stoves, tools, lumber, &amp;c., including articles purchased for the hospital. Large quantities of lumber have been purchased. Report how much of it has been used, for what purpose, and how much remains on hand. An extensive bakehouse was established at Camp Morton two years ago which belongs to the prison fund. Report its condition and how it is used. At the same time an addition to the city hospital was erected as a hospital for prisoners of war. Report its condition and how it is used. Report the names, and whether citizens or soldiers, of all men employed, giving the character of service, and what compensation they receive. You will also make me a separate and detailed report of the condition of the camp when you took command; the strength of the guard and its discipline; the condition of the barracks and hospital, and what had been done toward repairs; the police of the camp; the condition of the prisoners in ever respect, and all other details that may be necessary to a complete understanding of all that appertains to it. I would suggest that you select an active and intelligent officer to perform the duties of provost-marshal of the camp, who will have the immediate charge of the prisoners and be responsible to you for the proper enforcement of your orders. Please acknowledge the receipt of this letter and send in the reports with as little as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP PAROLE,Near Annapolis, Md., October 30, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEl: I beg leave respectfully to forward the accompanying rolls of 190 invalids who arrived yesterday from Richmond, Va., via City Point, and have been placed in hospital at Annapolis. These invalids arrived here in a pitiable condition of mind and body, having experienced extreme suffering from a want (apparently) of proper food. Five deaths from debility accursed during the passage from City Point to Annapolis.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADRIAN R. ROOT,

Colonel Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers, Commanding Camp Parole.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

November 4, 1863.

Respectfully submitted for the information of the secretary of War.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

