
[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, November 10, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Major-general Hitchock, commissioner for exchange.

By order of the Secretary of Wa;

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 11, 1863.

Measures are in progress growing out of the facts presented in this note, and some results, it is hoped, are not distant to remedy or punish the evil.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, October 30, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. Meredith, Agent of Exchange:

Sir: Acting Master David Nichols, C. S. Navy, and seventeen enlisted men were captured off the Mississippi Passes about the 1st of this month. They belonged to the cutter Teazer, but were captured on board a U. S. vessel which they had taken. It is represented they are in irons. Acting Master Nichols himself writes that he is chained in a cell and fed on bread and water. By whose authority is this done? Will you please make inquiry into this matter and inform me what are the facts?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS, Charleston, Tenn., October 30, 1863.

Major J. J. REEVE,Assistant Adjutant-General, Stevenson's Division:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I have examined the following citizens, prisoners in the hands of the provost-marshal: Ballinger, a Methodist minister of Bradley County; George W. Stout, of Roane County; Peter Coaster, of Monroe County; Monroe Morris, of Roane County; James Grigsby, of Roane County; Robert Morton, of Monroe County. The last named is a youth of sixteen; had a brother killed in our service at Vicksburg, and there are no charges against him. I therefore discharged him. The others are Union men in sentiment, but all protest that they have been guilty of no act of hostility against the Confederate Government. There are no written charges against them. All except Ballinger appear to be too ignorant or infirm to do any mischief, and Ballinger even has but little power to do harm. If the commanding general thinks it necessary a bond and security might be required of the latter. I am at a loss what to do in the other cases and respectfully ask for instructions. They should either be discharged or shipped to the rear.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARCUS J. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

