
[Second indorsement.]

C. S. MILITARY PRISON, Richmond, May 16, 1863.

Received of Colonel Streight a package supposed to contain about $3,000 in Federal money to be returned when he leaves this prison.

TH. P. TURNER,

Captain, Commanding.

(Credit indorsed, $50 May 22, and $50 May 23.)

I copied the above from the original in Colonel Streight's possession.

I. H. CARRINGTON.

PRIVATE.] OFFICE COMMISSIONER FOR EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, Va., November 2, 1863.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK, Washington, D. C.

MY DEAR GENERAL: I inclose you herewith a letter which I have written to Mr. Ould. I have but little hope that he will accept either proposal, but I think if it is presented to him and then published it will have the effect of allaying any public feeling against the Government as to the suspension of exchanges. In consequence of certain movements now in progress I will not be able to go to City Point before Friday or Saturday next, and would be pleased to have your decision on the accompanying before that time.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War, with the remarks that the undersigned does not approve of the manner or precise language employed in the first portion of the letter proposed by General Meredith, which, however, may be easily modified if any part of the propositions should be approved.

The second portion of the proposal is believed to be impracticable.

The first portion involves the question as to whether an exchange of prisoners can be made as proposed without impliedly acquiescing in the formal determination of the rebel authorities, by the proclamation of Mr. Davis and an act of the Confederate Congress, to make a distinction between officers of the Federal Army taken prisoners while serving with white troops and those serving with colored regiments.

With these remarks the questions connected with the proposal of General Meredith is respectfully submitted.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General and Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE COMMISSIONER FOR EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, Va., November 2, 1863.

Honorable R. OULD, Agent of Exchange, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Having learned from the most undoubted authority that the Confederate Government have neither the means nor the power to subsist, clothe, or furnish proper quarters for the Union prisoners held in custody in Richmond and elsewhere in the South, I deem it incumbent on me from motives of humanity to urge upon you the acceptance of one of the following propositions:

First. I will exchange officer for officer, man for man, according to the grade and rank or equivalents as provided in the cartel, according

