
to the date of capture, sufficient to secure the release of all Union prisoners of war now held in confinement in the South, with the district understanding that this offer, if acceptable to the Confederate authorities, shall not waive or forego any claim, demand, or matter of controversy now pending between us.

Should you decline to accept the above proposition I will agree that each party shall subsist and clothe the prisoners of war held by the other, and shall provide for the speedy transportation and delivering of such subsistence and clothing within the lines of each army respectively to the place or places where the same is needed to be issued, provided that either party provide money sufficient for that purpose in lieu of subsistence and clothing in kind, the respective agents exchanging proper vouchers from time to time, and at all times to mean a faithful compliance with the terms of this proposal.

On the 28th ultimo 181 Union prisoners were delivered at City Point, eight of whom died on the passage from that place to Annapolis. They were all in a starving condition. You have stated to me yourself that there were no lights in the sashes in Libby Prison, and that your authorities had no means to place any there. How great, then, will be our prisoners during the coming winter.

Confederate prisoners held by the U. S. authorities are at present well fed, clothed, and housed. Should you decline the foregoing propositions I shall deem it my duty to urge upon my Government the necessity and the justice of rendering the condition of Confederate prisoners held by us as nearly as possible similar to that of ours held by the Confederates.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General and Commissioner of Exchange.

MEDICAL INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., November 2, 1863.

Colonel HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, U. S. Army:

SIR: The following is an extract from Lieutenant Colonel G. T. Allen's report of inspection of the post hospital at Corinth, Miss., October 17, 1863:

The only complaint is for clothing and blankets. Doctor Leonard complains that he cannot procure enough blankets to keep the prisoners comfortable. * * * Prison in excellent order.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO M. CUYLER,

Acting Medical Inspector-General, U. S. Army.

WASHINGTON, November 3, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH:

Have the blankets forwarded by the quartermaster been delivered to the prisoners at Richmond? Will it be safe to send clothing?

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

