
was made, and had been assigned to no duty, except to fit up their quarters, until a day or two before the inspection.

Second. Discipline in camp very lax.

The discipline of the camp is fully as strict as it ever has been, though the force at my command has been less than one-quarter the average heretofore employed. It is the remark of all who have been acquainted with the camp since its first organization that the discipline was never more perfect and the prisoners under better control.

Third. Sinks badly constructed and in filthy condition.

The sinks were in the places and constructed the same as those here to be used, though the doctor's remarks are strictly true. I have caused ten new sinks to be constructed over the sewer, with forty funnels each, leading into a soil box, which is washed and cleaned every day by an adjusted hydrant. These will be ready for use in two or three days, when the old ones will be cleansed and covered. I regard this as one of the most important improvements made in the camp.

Fourth. Removal of offal not well attended to; no receptacles provided.

The offal of the camp is deposited in barrels and removed as fast as the teams provided for use in the camp will allow. No more perfect system can be devised at present.

Fifth. No attention is paid to cooking in prisoners' barracks by authorities.

This is a sad mistake. All the attention possible, after discharging other duties, has been paid to this matter. We have been very deficient in means to cook with, but good food has been furnished to all.

Sixth. Clothing in hospital for prisoners is very deficient.

How could it be otherwise with so many sick thrown upon our hands without notice and no provision, not even cots to put them upon? This defect is being remedied as fast as possible, though the rapid spread of the measles is greatly augmenting the sickness of both prisoners and garrison.

Seventh. Hospital bedding is very deficient.

Same reply as above.

Eighth. Police of prison hospital not as good as it should be; cooking arrangements not carefully inspected; discipline of hospitals not good.

Beg leave respectfully to differ with Doctor Clark. The hospitals are overcrowded; some of them contain double the number they should accommodate, and this must continue till the new ones ordered can be completed; but I am positive that great care has been taken to have the best of discipline in these respects.

Ninth. All the prisoners' barracks are greatly in need of repairs, &amp;c.

All true, but they are being repaired as fast as possible. Your instructions to remedy the deficiencies are receiving my constant attention. The hospitals and laundry are already commenced and will be completed as soon as the weather will permit.

Colonel, I hope you will allow me to make some suggestions as to some of the instructions contained in your letter.

First. The cooking must hereafter be done in Farmer's boilers, &c. There must be no more cooking in open fireplace nor in camp-kettles.

We have tried the Farmer boilers and they are a failure. I had ordered for the use of each company of the garrison in camp a range built of brick and covered with an iron top, with holes like a cook-

