
L. D. Ingersoll, Treasury Department, Washington, D. C., inclosing letter from Mr. M. E. Patterson, making inquiry concerning a Mr. Johnson, who is a prisoner taken from the Minnesota. The indorsement on this letter contained the word "rebel,"&amp;c.

[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 5, 1863.

Respectfully returned to Brigadier General S. A. Meredith.

No paper having such an indorsement will be answered or hereafter noticed. It is bad enough when the communication itself contains such objectionable matter. The indorsement, however, is written by persons who ought to know better. Whenever I find anything objectionable in letters which I refer to you I erase it. Permit me to recommend the same course to you.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

RICHMOND, November 5, 1863.

Colonel Streight states that when he left Nashville he purchased $5,000 in Southern bank bills at a discount, expecting to use it better than U. S. Treasury notes. This sum of $5,000 was his own personal property and with it the Government had no concern. On his march he paid out a good deal of this money for purchases for his command, and his quartermaster repaid him in U. S. Treasury notes which had never been used. After his capture his surgeons sold their horses to Confederate quartermasters for about $800 or more in Confederate money. Of this amount Colonel S. purchased from his surgeons about $825, paying them 20 cents on the dollar in Federal money. General Forrest had taken from the quartermaster of Colonel Streight a package of $851 in Federal Treasury notes - all $1 notes - except one $5 bill. For this package Colonel S. gave General Forrest $851 in Confederate money, the exchange being made dollar for dollar.

Colonel Streight states that this package contained all the $1 notes in his possession, and that the report of Captain Morfit that he had $1,153 in $1 notes is a mistake. He states that the whole amount of money taken from him is his own individual property, and that his Government has no interest in or claim to any part of it. In addition to the credits indorsed on the receipt (which were paid in Federal money) he has received only $50, which were paid in Confederate money. He desires to be paid $100 per month hereafter for his expenses.

Colonel S. also claims that if he should be decided to have forfeited his money be being taken prisoner, that yet, under the rule of which he has been notified by General Winder, he is entitled to payment of his expenses.

I. H. CARRINGTON,

Commissioner.

[Indorsement.]

RICHMOND, VA., November 10, 1863.

I receipted to Colonel Streight on the 16th of May, 1863, for a package 'supposed to contain $3,000. " I did not count the money as it was a large package, principally in $1 notes, and I understood that the money was to be confiscated, but took Colonel Streight's word as regarded the amount, giving him the usual receipt, "to be returned when

