
released from prison. " As I was not at the time sure that the money would be confiscated the money was never counted at the prison, but in a few days turned over to Captain Morfit, assistant quartermaster.

TH. P. TURNER,

Captain, Commanding C. S. Military Prison.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., November 6, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a declaration of exchanges made by Mr. Ould, Confederate agent for exchange, and a statement giving the names of officers and the strength of commands covered by his declaration. * These will be some assistance to you undistinguishing among prisoners of war who may fall into your hands those who have violated their paroles, if there by any such. In cases of doubt, by a reference to the records in this office names and other particulars may be obtained which will serve to identify such offenders. It is contemplated that prisoners of war will be generally held at the depots established north of the Ohio, but there must necessarily be a great many captured in small parties, and many wounded must fall into our hands as the army advanced, who should be collected at some convenient point from which they can you will have Nashville or other suitable place designated as a temporary depot and furnish me with the name of the officer placed in charge. As soon as prisoners reach the temporary depot they should be reported to this office, with a carefully prepared roll giving the rank, regiment, and company, and time and place of capture. In order to a proper accountability of them, the sick and wounded should be, as far as practicable, assembled at one hospital, where a careful record should be kept of all arrivals, transfers, deaths, &amp;c. I have the honor to inclose copies of regulations+ issued from this office by authority of the War Department which provide for the care of prisoners. May I request of you to have them distributed to the different places where prisoners are held, whether hospitals or prisons, and to require commanders to make to this office the required reports, returns, &c.? Please call attention to appendix of Revised Army Regulations, &c. All necessary blanks will be furnished from this office when called for.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

(Same to General Banks, New Orleans.)

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, November 6, 1863.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a declaration of exchanges made by Mr. Ould, Confederate agent for exchange, and a

---------------

*See Exchange Notice, Numbers 6, p. 295. Statement omitted shows 1,207 officers and 14,915 enlisted men of the Vicksburg prisoners. The deliveries at City Point, Va., prior to July 25, 1863, were 72 officers and 8,014 enlisted men, making a total of 24,208 covered by this declaration.

+See Vol. IV, this series, p. 152.

---------------

