
from the laws of war or the cartel, the express purpose of Order Numbers 207 (1863) being to enforce the provisions of the existing cartel. It sets out by an appeal, in paragraph I, to the cartel, by its date and the date of the rider by which it was published, the provisions of which are to been forced, and this is again set forward in paragraph II.

Order Numbers 207 publishes a very important law of war, in paragraph IV, in announcing that "the obligations imposed by the general laws and usages of war upon the non-combatant inhabitants of a section of country passed over by an invading army cease when the military occupation ceases, and any pledge or parole given by such persons in regard to future service is null and of no effect. " This paragraph of Order Numbers 207 does not originate, it merely announces, the law of war on the subject to which it refers; but it is particularly significant, in view of the probable character of many of the paroles claimed as valid in the tabular statement furnished by Mr. Ould, in which, under the head of "Where captured," the statement uses generalities which can in no sense be received. Thus, captures are said to have been made in "Kentucky and Tennessee; " "in Tennessee; " in "Kentucky and Tennessee" (again); in "Tennessee" (again); in "Kentucky and Tennessee" (a third time); in "Barbour County, Ky. " (whether soldiers or citizens we cannot tell); in"Western Virginia"; in "Western Virginia" (again); in "Hinds County, Miss. ; " in "Eastern Virginia; " in "Mississippi; " in "Kentucky and Tennessee" (for the fourth time), &amp;c.

In fine, the statement is wholly informal and without authority.

You will please furnish Mr. Ould a certified copy of this communication.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major General of Vols., Commissioner for the Exchange of Prisoners.

(Copy furnished by Meredith to Ould November 9, 1863.)
HEADQUARTERS SAINT MARY'S DISTRICT,Point Lookout, Md., November 6, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

COLONEL: The surgeon in charge of the rebel camp informs me that many of the prisoners are afflicted with scurvy, and he advises that vegetables be furnished them. I have thought it might be advisable to purchase a schooner load of beets, carrots, turnips, cabbages, and the like, and pay for the same out of the fund arising from the savings from their rations. It would probably not add to the actual cost of their food.

Will you be kind enough to advise me of your views in relation to this matter?

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GILMAN MARSTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OFFICE OF MEDICAL DIRECTOR,

Baltimore, Md., November 6, 1863.

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

COLONEL: I have the honor to call your attention, and through you that of the competent authority, to the fact that there are now confined

