
decreasing as follows: The number of deaths on the 5th were 6; on the 6th, 5; on the 7th, 3. This is out of 700 sick in hospital.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

FORT DELAWARE, DEL., November 6, 1863.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF, Commanding Fort Delaware:

SIR: In accordance with instructions received, I have the honor to make the following report, viz: There are now under treatment in the contagious hospital 126 cases of smallpox and its modifications. Of these 110 are of the true type and 16 of the modified or varioloid. The deaths have averaged about 2 1/2 per diem, but it may be observed that this mortality is not due to the character of the disease, but to the existence of other exhausting affections, such as chronic diarrhea, &amp;c., prior to its onset. The disease is evidently decreasing, and has been doing so for the last fifteen days. On the 15th day of October eight cases were admitted, on the 4th day of November none, and on the 5th one. In regard to the origin of this affection I am scarcely able to speak positively. The first case which came under my notice appeared shortly after the arrival of some prisoners from Camp Chase, but I understand that it had existed here for some time prior to that event, in fact, during the past month, the disease being fully developed on the third day after the arrival of the patient. The measures which have been taken and are still being taken to prevent the spread of the disease are as follows, viz: The barracks have been cleansed and whitewashed; chloride of lime and the Ridgewood disinfecting powder have been freely spring led through them; the prisoners are each day turned out in a body and kept moving about in the fresh air for several hours; vaccine and instruments have been furnished to the Confederate surgeons, and they have been sent into the barracks to vaccinate all they can. I can say every man who has not been vaccinated within the last twelve months has had the operation performed for him here. In addition to this, each man who comes to the post is compelled to suffer vaccination as well as each patient who enters the general hospital. Under Provide these measures are having their effect.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. R. SILLIMAN,

Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. HOFFMAN'S BATT., DEPOT PRISONERS OF WAR,Near Sandusky, Ohio, November 7, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report with regard to the condition of the hospital, &c., that on the subject of plastering it I considered the medical inspector and surgeon the proper persons to advise with as [to whether] it could be plastered or not. They recommended plastering two rooms afterward. I concluded to plaster the whole. I began in season; on account of the sickness of the masons a little delayed, but no

