
inconvenience has arisen or will. Before Surgeon Clark was here, I proposed to the chaplain to superintend the fencing of the grave-yard. I have given him such men as I could spare, and it is substantially done. As Surgeon Clark was never within sight of it, he of course only knows what was said to him by me on the subject. With regard to the depth of the graves, they are dug as deep as the stone will admit; not as deep as desirable under the circumstances, but sufficient for all sanitary reasons. Mrs. Pierson has had an additional supply of sheets made for the hospital. There could be a great improvement made inside by a plank road through between the quarters, and also making plank sidewalks. Major Scovill has urged the road on the ground that it will be so muddy before spring that the teams cannot get through. It would cost $1,000 and more for plank, and I have thought we could get along without. With regard to the policing, it is not always as clean as desirable. Constant effort has ever been made and systematic. I am not able to report any improvement. One objection to wide walks made of lumber is that it affords a supply in case of outbreak to seize upon. With the exception or rainy weather there is no difficulty. There have been but two new cases of smallpox for the past week, one of which unfortunately is a soldier. I was in hopes the doctor sent here to assist would have been experienced in the care of hospitals, but find he is not. He appears well, and after experience will become useful. The doctor likes him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. PIERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Hoffman's Battalion, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 7, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 4th instant, and in accordance with your order, I visited the Western Penitentiary of Pennsylvania for the purpose of making a medical inspection of the quarters of the prisoners of war there confined. The penitentiary is situated in Allegheny City, on the right bank of the Allegheny River, opposite the city of Pittsburgh, and about a quarter of a mile back from the river. There are here confined 112 prisoners of war, of whom 110 are commissioned officers, 1 non-commissioned officer, and 1 private. One of the commissioned officers is a surgeon. These occupy cells on the first and second corridors of the center building of the prison. On the first or lower corridor are four double cells, about twenty by sixteen by eight feet in dimensions. In each of these five prisoners are confined. The remainder are confined in single cells of half the above size, two in each cell. The cells are well lighted, admirably well ventilated, and well heated by means of steam. Each is provided with a water faucet and a close stool, so arranged that perfect cleanliness is insured and the escape of effluvia prevented. Gas is also introduced into each cell, of which the prisoners have the privilege till 10 p. m. The prisoners are allowed to exercise in the prison yard for three hours daily. The food is the ordinary prison diet, is good, and well cooked, consisting of bread, coffee, fresh beef, soup, and vegetables. The medical director of the district has made a contract with the surgeon of the prison, Dr. J. Rogers, to attend the prisoners of war, providing his own

