
Fuel - wood. Lighting - lamps. Lavatories and baths- no bathing facilities provided. Laundry - facilities sufficient except from lack of water. Water supply - from wells, insufficient in prison Numbers 1; water poor, strongly alkaline. Sewerage - utterly inefficient. Latrines and sinks - excavations well covered in, not drained, not disinfected, not kept properly policed. Furniture and utensils - sufficient except bedsteads in hospital, which are of wood and infested with vermin. Bedding - sufficient and in tolerably good order. Kitchen - partitioned off from hospital ward, not in good order or well policed. Kitchen utensils- insufficient and not kept in good order. Cooks - cooking and serving said to be inspected daily by surgeon in charge; cooking done by prisoners detailed for that purpose. Diet, quality and variety of - ordinary diet, varied by purchase from hospital fund of chickens, eggs, butter, vegetables, &amp;c. Means of supply - commissary and hospital fund. Dispensary - kept in pretty good order by a prison acting steward. Instruments and medicines - sufficient and in good order; compounding, dispensing, by prisoner acting as steward. Hospital stores and comforts - sufficient; obtained from medical purveyor. Hospital records - well kept. Hospital accounts - articles purchased from hospital fund, invoiced. Hospital fund - on hand September 30, 1863, $78. Hospital clothing - supply of underclothing insufficient for cleanliness. Laundresses and laundry -washing done by prisoners. Repair - hospital building needs much repair. Alterations and additions - additional hospital accommodation should be provided for at least 150 patients. Medical attendance- sufficient; surgeon in charge, Actg. Asst. Surgeon A. L. Fitzpatrick. Discipline and police- discipline good; police not well enforced. Nurses - men prisoners. Interments- by contract. Diseases, prevalent- diarrhea, pneumonia. Diseases, prevention of - would be better secured by proper attention to ventilation and drainage. Recoveries from diseases -ready. Mortality from diseases and wounds- for last three month save rage 2 percent.

In reference to this camp there is nothing to be complained of except its imperfect drainage, the non-ventilation of the barracks, and the insufficiency of hospital room. The commanding officer promises to improve the drainage by employing the prisoners for this purpose. The prison fund September 30, 1863, was$4,046. 60. From this a requisition for clothing to the amount of $4,000 has just been made. In the division set apart for the reception of Federal paroled prisoners I found the barracks to be of the same pattern as those for the rebel prisoners. The division is generally in good order, except that for some unexplained reason no sicks are provided, and as a consequence the immediate vicinity of the camp is not in a very good condition as to police. The rear at present at this post but 38 paroled prisoners and 306 men who have been exchanged and are waiting for transportation to their various regiments. I could gain no information in regard to the fund. The hospital in this division will accommodate fifty patients, and is in very good order in all its departments. There are at present no sick in this division. There is no hospital fund, it having been all expended for the use of the hospital. No reliable invoice is kept of property purchased from this fund.

A. M. CLARK,

Surgeon and Acting Medical Inspector of Prisoners of War.

[NOVEMBER 7, 1863. - For report of Edward M. McCook, in relation to the treatment of Confederate prisoners captured at Anderson's Cross-Roads, Tenn., October 2, 1863, see Series I, Vol. XXX, Part II, p. 819.]

