HEADQUARTERS CAMP OF INSTRUCTION, EAST TEXAS,Near Tyler, Tex., November 7, 1863.

Major E. P. TURNER, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: On the 27th of October I addressed a communication to Brigadier General W. R. Boggs, chief of staff, Department of Trans-Mississippi, relative to the prisoners of war now confined at this camp. General Boggs returned said communication and directed me to make the report to your headquarters, hence my object in writing. I have now at this camp over 500 prisoners, most of whom are perfectly destitute of clothing or shoes. I have made several attempts to procure lumber to build barracks for them from the post quartermaster, but have so far failed. The prisoners are now lying out, without any blankets, in the open air. The guard I have is insufficient for the number of prisoners, it only being one company of militia, numbering (from this morning's report) seventy-one men for duty. Not being furnished with wood sufficient, I am bound to make details to guard the prisoners when they are cutting their own wood. I have but one commissioned officer on duty with me, Lieutenant Ochiltree, of the Regular Army, who is at present acting adjutant of the camp. I would also state that while Captain S. M. Warner was commandant of this camp he issued an order requiring all prisoners of war to turnover what money they had in their possession to Captain J. Q. St. Clair, acting assistant quartermaster for this camp, subject to their order in small sums, when it met the approval of the commanding officer of the camp. Some of the money thus turned over is greenbacks, the remainder Confederate. I would simply ask if I should approve their orders for greenbacks.

Major, by giving the foregoing your immediate attention (as I will await instructions) you will greatly oblige me. Please state whether I shall make requisition to quartermaster for shoes and blankets for the prisoners. I should like much indeed for Captain J. C. Kirby, assistant quartermaster, Tyler, Tex., to treat my requisitions for lumber, straw,&amp;c., with respect.

I have the honor to be, major, your obedient servant,

THOS. F. TUCKER,

Major, Commanding Camp.

OFFICE COMMISSIONER FOR EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, Va., November 8, 1863.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner of Exchange, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I would most respectfully suggest that General Lee be removed from this fort to Johnson's Island or to some point where he will not be lionized as he is here.

No prisoner of ours, whatever his rank, receives such treatment in Richmond.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General and Commissioner for Exchange.

[Indorsement.]

WASHINGTON, November 10, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

SIR: The Secretary of War wishes General Lee removed from Fort Monroe.

