
long tedious confinement with no hopes held out for release. We are informed here that it is the fault of our own Government that we have not been exchanged. We hope that this will receive your attention in such a manner as will save the lives of those who remain.

It is now over a year since my officers left their homes, during which time they nor their families have received any pay whatever from their Government, while others who have been recently captured, we see by the public papers, have been promptly exchanged.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISAAC S. BURRELL,

Colonel Forty-second Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, November 10, 1863.

Brigadier-General MEREDITH,

Commissioner of Exchange, Old Point Comfort:

Information has reached here which leads the Department to fear that there was a lack of proper provision on the flag-of-truce boat conveying the prisoners of war recently sent from City Point to Annapolis for their proper care and comfort. The Secretary of War desires an immediate examination into the subject and a prompt report thereon. The officers responsible for any neglect will be specially named.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, November 10, 1863.

General MEREDITH:

The Secretary of War orders that you make suitable preparation for the accommodation of the sick who may be delivered to you at City Point from the rebel prisons. For this purpose you will obtain, by requisition upon the proper department, cots, bedding, and other supplies, and ask the commanding officer at Fort Monroe, by authority of the Secretary of War, for a medical officer to accompany the flag-of-truce boat to City Point, and require his co-operation with you is seeing that everything is provided necessary to give every possible relief to our suffering officers and soldiers.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., November 10, 1863.

Surg. A. M. CLARK,

Actg. Medical Inspector Prisoners of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: You will proceed immediately to make an inspection of the condition of the hospital at Camp Parole and the general sanitary condition of the camp. From Camp Parole you will proceed to Fort Delaware to inspect the hospital of the prisoners of war at that post and the general sanitary condition of the prisoners in the barracks. Inquire particularly into the prevalence of smallpox and the measures taken to subdue it. Having completed this service, you will report in person at this office and make a written report of your inspection.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

