HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tex., November 10, 1863.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS,

Commanding Cavalry Northern Mississippi:

SIR: I have received a verbal communication through Lieutenant O'Kane in relation to exchange of Surgeon Beatty. You are of course aware that even under the cartel of exchange the delivery must be made at fixed points, except by arrangements entered into by commanders of armies in the field. This would, of necessity, require the action of your commanding general.

But, unfortunately, this matter of exchange has recently been complicated under mutual charges of bad faith, so that I am precluded from entertaining propositions of exchange.

I have, however, telegraphed to Washington for permission to exchange rank for rank, which, if allowed there and consented to by your superiors, will enable me to gratify your wish of exchange.

In the meantime I desire to return you my personal thanks for the honorable treatment you have given my officer and my hoe that you will see that kindly treatment is given to the men.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, November 10, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN H. WINDER, Richmond:

GENERAL: Your communication of yesterday in relation to the failure of the Commissary-General to provide food for the prisoners has been submitted to the Secretary of War, who directs that unless you receive during the morning notification of some arrangement on the part of the Commissary-General promising a supply of rations as agreed upon, the matter by brought again to his attention, when any necessary orders will be given.

Very respectfully,

LARKIN SMITH,

Assistant Quartermaster-General.

[First indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, C. S. MILITARY PRISON,

November 11, 1863.

I have just returned from the prison and find we have not one pound of meat on hand for 13,000 men. An officer in the Subsistence Department promised us and answer at 2. 30 o'clock yesterday; was called upon at that time and gave no satisfaction.

J. WARNER,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

[Second indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 12, 1863.

To Commissary-General for early attention.

Such supply as is given to soldiers is by law required to be given to the prisoners, and such was the understanding between the Quartermaster-General and yourself.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

32 R R - SERIES II, VOL IV

