
QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, C. S. MILITARY PRISONS,

Richmond, Va., November 10, 1863.

Captain THOMAS P. TURNER,

Commanding C. S. Military Prison:

CAPTAIN: I called on the agent of the Commissary-General to-day for a supply of beef for prison subsistence, and he in formed me that they had received seventy head of cattle last evening, which was to be distributed to hospitals, &amp;c., and all that he could furnish me with would be a limited quantity, 2,500 pounds, and also expressed a doubt as to their receiving any more soon. This places me in a very critical situation, for it will be an utter impossibility to feed 14,000 men on 2,500 pounds of beef when it is but one-fourth of the amount required. I have no substitute for beef and only a limited quantity of bread, not enough to feed double rations, nor are our facilities such as to feed double rations of bread, thus leaving three-fourths of the prisoners in a hungry condition.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

SAML. BURNHAM,

Commissary-Sergeant.

[First indorsement.]

C. S. MILITARY PRISON, November 10, 1863.

Respectfully referred to headquarters.

By order of Captain Turner:

[JOHN LATOUCHE,]

Lieutenant and Adjutant.

[Second indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 10, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War.

If these prisoners are not fed there is great danger of an outbreak.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TRANS-MISSISSIPPI,Shreveport, November 10, 1863.

Major-General MAGRUDER, Commanding District of Texas, &c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by Lieutenant-General Smith to say to you that he desires you will send all Federal prisoners (enlisted men) now held by you to this point at the earliest practicable moment. Before starting them they will be paroled in duplicate and one given to the person and the other held and forwarded by the officer sent in charge.

The officers you may have will be kept under guard until further orders. You will at the same time sent the officers who were captured on the U. S. steamer Harriet Lane, and who were referred to in your communication (Numbers 811) of October 20.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

The officer of the Harriet Lane referred to within and the privates (enlisted men) within referred to will be paroled by Major Hyllested

