
and sent in charge of a company from Camp Groce to Tyler, where the enlisted men will be paroled in duplicate and will be marched with the rest to Shreveport and delivered at the headquarters of Lieutenant-General Smith.

The commissioned officers (Federal prisoners) at Camp Groce will be marched, under guard of the detached company aforesaid, to Tyler, and turned over there [to] the commanding officer for safe-keeping.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding District of Texas, &amp;c.

WASHINGTON, November 11, 1863-4 p. m.

General MEREDITH:

You are authorized to transmit any funds that may be furnished to you for the use of our prisoners in Richmond, taking a receipt from the person to whom you deliver them for transmission and sending a copy thereof to this Department.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, November 11, 1863.

Brigadier General W. W. ORME, U. S. Volunteers, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that you immediately proceed to make a thorough inspection of the several places named below where rebel prisoners of war are confined and report to him as to the supplies, means for guarding and keeping the prisoners, their sanitary condition, and everything relating to them which it may be useful to know. The several commanding officers of the posts and prisons are hereby ordered to afford you every facility and all information you may require. All necessary means of transportation and subsistence will be furnished you by the proper officer, on whom you may call, showing this as your authority.

The places to be inspected are: Wheeling, W. Va. ; Pittsburgh penitentiary; penitentiary hospital, Allegheny City; Columbus penitentiary; Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio; McLean Barracks, Cincinnati, Ohio; Johnson's Island, Sandusky, Ohio; Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind. ; Chicago, Ill. ; Alton, Ill. ; Rock Island, Ill. (no prisoners have yet arrived here, but preparations are made to receive them); Saint Louis, Mo. ; Louisville, Ky. ; Nashville, Tenn.

I am, sir, &c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, November 11, 1863.

General MEREDITH:

The Secretary of War orders that you call, with his authority, through the commanding officer at Fort Monroe, upon the commissary for such rations as our prisoners need in Richmond or near there, if you can send it to them.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

