
[First indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 11, 1863.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

The special character of this case would indicate the propriety of making it exceptional, and if we have an officer of the enemy whose health has suffered in like manner the proposition might be made and would seem to be most likely to succeed, as it assimilates itself to an exchange of wounded and does not promise to increase our efficiency immediately.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[Second indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 11, 1863.

Colonel OULD:

I shall readily assent to a fair exchange if by that means this valuable officer can be released from his confinement. The officer proffered for a special exchange should be assimilated in rank and condition if a case of the kind likely to be acceptable to the enemy can be found among the prisoners held by us.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

[Third indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 13, 1863.

Respectfully returned to the Honorable Secretary of War. I have made the offer indicated in the indorsement.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

[Fourth indorsement.]

Federal prisoners who may be offered for Colonel Lee:

1. Colonel William H. Powell, Second West Virginia Cavalry, captured at Wytheville, Va., July 18, 1863. Is a native of Tennessee and a citizen of Ohio. Has lost an eye and was wounded in the shoulder.

2. Colonel William B. McCreery, Twenty-first Michigan. Wounded at Chickamauga 20th of September. Is now nearly well of his wounds, but is permanently disabled, probably.

RICHMOND, November 11, 1863.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

SIR: In obedience to your instructions I inclose the order* to Captain Turner to prepare the prisoners for transportation to Danville. I beg that the great responsibility resting on the officers in charge of the prisoners be remembered and that a sufficient supply of provisions be insured for their maintenance.

Respectfully,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

MEMPHIS, November 12, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

We have some thirty prisoners taken by Chalmers. He proposes an exchange for his officers and soldiers in our hands. Can I do so?

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

