
FORT MONROE, November 12, 1863.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK:

Mr. Ould accepts the proposition to release all medical officers if the proposition applies to future cases as well as to those now in captivity. Please telegraph me and I will send a boat for the rebel medical officers in our hands.

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, Tenn., November 12, 1863.

Brigadier-General CRUFT,

Commanding First Division, Fourth Army Corps, Bridgeport, Tenn.:

In accordance with instructions received from department headquarters the general commanding directs that you arrest as prisoners of war all men paroled at Vicksburg that may come or may be found within your lines, or that may be found by your command, and send them to Captain R. M. Goodwin, assistant to the provost-marshal-general at Nashville, to be disposed as may be directed by the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. FULLERTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, November 12, 1863.

Captain EDWARD A. FORBES, Libby Prison, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I send by flag of truce this day 24,000 rations, the distribution of which I authorize you to superintend. You will please forward me receipts for the same. Should the Confederate authorities allow this course to be pursued in subsisting our prisoners I will consider your receipts as evidence of the fact and will keep up the supply.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General and Agent of Exchange.

[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 14, 1863.

Respectfully returned to Brigadier-General Meredith.

This letter will not be delivered to Captain Forbes. I have to day in a letter informed you that the rations, including candles, will be served to your soldiers. The manner in which that is to be done will be governed by our regulations, not yours. If you are not satisfied with those regulations you can take back your rations and withhold any in the future.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., November 12, 1863.

Colonel A. A. STEVENS,

Commanding Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind.:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 8th instant is just received, and in reply I have to inform you that the clothing reported by you is such as

