
is intended for issue to prisoners of war, but before the coats are issued the buttons should be taken off and the skirts cut short, so they may not be mistaken for our men. But for the present you will issue no clothing of any kind except in case of utmost necessity. So long as a prisoner has clothing upon him, however much torn, you must issue nothing to hi, nor must you allow him to receive clothing from any but members of his immediate family, and only when they are in absolute want.

In reply to your letter of the 8th I have to say that the effects left by deceased prisoners of war will be taken possession of, the money and valuables to be reported to this office, and the clothing, if of any value, to be given to other prisoners who may require it. If the legal representatives of he deceased, being loyal, claim the money or other valuables, the claim with the proof will be forwarded to this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CHICAGO, November 12, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN:

By Special Orders, No. 455, War Department, Colonel De Land with his command are ordered away from Camp Douglas. This will leave but 300 men to guard 6,000 prisoners. Stop this is possible. The camp would not be safe a day. All told fit for duty now, 950 men.

J. A. POTTER,

Assistant Quartermaster.

WASHINGTON, November 12, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

Was any arrangement made between General Rosecrans and General Bragg by which prisoners on both sides were released on paroled?

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSIONER FOR EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, Va., November 12, 1863.

Honorable ROBERT OULD, Agent for Exchange, Richmond:

SIR: I acknowledge the receipt of your communication of October 31. I would have been surprised at its contents had I not been previously acquainted with your habit of special pleading and of perverting the truth. In the last interview but one which I had with you you stated to me distinctly and unequivocally that you would make declarations of exchange whenever you conscientiously felt that you had the right so to do, for the purpose of putting men into the field. You made this statement not only once, but two or three times. In my previous interview with you I had taken the precaution to have verbal propositions of any importance made by you reduced to writing; on this occasion I refrained from my usual course, now much to my regret, as I will do you the justice to say that I have no doubt you have forgotten what occurred at that meeting.

