
in confiscating all of this money except the $800, even if it be decided that it is private property.

Colonel Streight asks to be allowed $100 in Confederate money per month. This is not unreasonable. I therefore recommend that Captain Morfit, assistant quartermaster, be ordered to credit Colonel Streight with $700 in U. S. Treasury notes ($100 having been received by Colonel Streight before the funds were transferred to Captain Morfit); that he pay his therefrom $100 per month in Confederate currency so long as he remains a prisoner, and that whatever may be left of the $700 at the termination of his imprisonment be then paid him; that the remainder of the funds taken from Colonel Streight be transferred to the credit of the Government as money confiscated. In making settlement with Colonel Streight he should be credited by the fair market vague of his money.

Captain Morfit requests me to ask that he receive specific instructions as to the course to be pursued by him when considerable amounts are fund on the persons of prisoners. Any general rule may work hardship in particular cases. I therefore suggest that Captain Morfit be directed to report for investigation every instance in which more than $500 is found on a prisoner.

Respectfully submitted.

J. H. CARRINGTON,

Commissioner, &amp;c.

[First indorsement, 1863.

General Forrest stipulated when he accepted the capitulation that private property would be respected, and this stipulation relieves Colonel Streight from the forfeiture of his money, which might otherwise have very properly been enforced upon the principles announced in general orders of his own Government.

The question, then, is how much, if any, of this money is his. Mr. Carrington recommends that he be allowed $800 received of General Forrest without reference to the propriety of Streight's financiering with his own officers or General Forrest's liberality in exchanging Confederate for U. S. Treasury notes at par. I think Streight is entitled to the amount paid him by General Forrest. Streight says it was $850 and Forrest says it was about $800. I would accept Streight's own statement and credit him as Major C. proposes, with the $850, less the $100 already paid.

The residue was doubtless the property of his Government. It is extremely improbable that on such an expedition he would carry a large amount of private funds, and the circumstances indicate very clearly that he was supplied with notes of his Government to use as occasion required. His story is altogether improbable, not less as to the amount of private funds with which he left Nashville than as to the pretended acceptance by him during the raid of so much money from his quartermaster in payment of a debt due by his Government.

B. R. W[ELLFORD], JR.

[Second indorsement.]

DECEMBER 15, 1863.

Respectfully returned to General Winder.

The Department is satisfied that they money found on Colonel Streight was the property of the United States Government, and it will therefore be accounted for by the quartermaster who has it as the property

