
of the Confederate States by right of capture. Out of this amount, however, the quartermaster will retain for Colonel Streight's private use $750 in U. S. Treasury notes (making, with the $100 already paid to him the full amount claimed by him as received from General Forrest, which the Department is willing to recognize as his private property), and pay to him, as he requests, in monthly installments of $100 in Confederate money; the balance, if any, to be paid him when exchanged. In making settlement with him he is to be allowed the fair market value of U. S. notes.

Captain Morfit will be required, as Mr. C. suggests, to report for investigation and instructions all cases in which more than $500 (Confederate currency) is found on the person of any prisoner.

As this matter may be the subject of discussion and remark, this report and accompanying papers had better be returned to be filed in this Department.

By order of Secretary of War:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, November 13, 1863.

Major-General BUTLER, Fortress Monroe, Va.:

There is an urgent necessity to provide in your department a suitable depot for rebel prisoners of war without any delay. I beg to recall the subject to your attention and ask you to take immediate measures to establish a depot at such point as you may deem suitable in your department, and inform me how soon you will be ready to receive prisoners of war and in what numbers.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORT MONROE, November 13, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Telegram received. Will leave to-morrow morning to select a depot in accordance with our conversation. The rebel papers say that the U. S. prisoners are abut leaving Richmond to be distributed through several prisons at the South.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT MONROE, November 13, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

If you will send me two regiments of the Invalid Corps, I will be ready in ten days for any number of prisoners you may wish to send. I desire to have Brigadier General E. W. Hinks ordered to report to me immediately to take charge of the preparation for and large of the prisoners. This is on the supposition that neither tents nor barracks are to be used for the prisoners. If required, I can erect the one and make a requisition for the other. I will report in full upon the place selected and the reason for selection to-morrow by letter.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

