
but must perish from mere inanition. The leaders are despondent at European prospects, and none of the papers talk now of certain independence, but rather of perishing under the fallen fabric of the Confederacy. The people will not perish if they can help it, but prefer to live happily as members of the reunited nation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NEAL DOW,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

P. S. -To-day indifferent and poor corn bread has been served to us. The entire ration is a piece of hoecake six by four and a half inches and one inch thick and one sweet potato, small size and poor quality, and water.

This will sustain life for a time, and that is all. It will not keep us in health, but will soon induce disease and expose us to pestilence. I see no prospect of improvement in our condition. To-day 700 of our men were sent off to Danville, Va., to relieve the market here. All are to be sent to different points soon for the same reason.

CHATTANOOGA, November 13, 1863.

Major General J. B. MCPHERSON, Vicksburg, Miss.:

Release all the Vicksburg prisoners according to agreement. We will not violate good faith, if the rebels do. Parole the surgeons.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, November 13, 1863.

Colonel HOFFMAN:

COLONEL: I am informed by General Thomas that an arrangement was entered into between Generals Rosecrans and Bragg for a mutual release on parole of the wounded of both armies; that in pursuance of said arrangement there were paroled by General Rosecrans 1 brigadier-general, 1 captain, and 27 enlisted men of the Confederate army, and by General Bragg, 1 major, 11 captains, 39 subalterns, and 1,691 enlisted men.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

OFFICE COMMISSIONER FOR EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, Va., November 13, 1863.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner of Exchange, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to forward herewith the report of Major John E. Mulford, who had charge of the flag-of-truce boat which conveyed the prisoners of war recently sent from City Point to Annapolis. In this connection I deem it due to Major Mulford to state that I have found him on all occasions a careful, energetic, and exceedingly humane man, and I was much surprised to hear that reports detrimental to his reputation as such should have reached the War Department.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General and Commissioner for Exchange.

---------------

*See McPherson to Grant, October 26, 1863, Series I, Vol. XXXI, Part I, p. 748.

---------------

