
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., November 13, 1863.

Major General B. F. BUTLER, Commanding, Fort Monroe, Va.:

By direction of the Secretary of War I request you will order General W. H. F. Lee to be sent to Fort Lafayette as per instructions to Colonel Roberts.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

FORT MONROE, November 13, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN:

Telegram received. General Lee will leave to-night.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Report of inspection of barracks and hospital at Fort Delaware, Del., November 13, 1863, by A. M. Clark, surgeon and acting medical inspector of prisoners of war.

Commander of camp-Brigadier General A. Schoepf, U. S. Volunteers. Command and strength-prisoners of war, enlisted men 2,846, commissioned officers 33, civilians 52, total 2,931; guard, about 800. Location of camp-on island in Delaware River, opposite Delaware City. Water, source and supply-partly by rain in tanks, partly by boat from Brandywine Creek, partly by condenser, capacity 10,000 gallons. Water, quality and effects-generally good. Fuel-coal and wood. Soil-marshy and wet, mostly made ground. Drainage-very imperfect, from topography of island. Topography-island, level, nearly six feet below high water, which is kept out by levee and sea-wall. Zymotic influences-the fort is surrounded by a moat and the island traversed by ditches emptying into main ditch encircling island; these are at present partially dry and exhaling mismate. Police of camp-generally good. Discipline in camp-good. Duties in camp-policing barracks. Recreations in camp-exercise in barrack yard. Tents or huts, position-barracks on upper end of island. Tents or huts, pattern and quality-one story, raised six to twelve inches from surface, in good repair. Tents or huts, ventilation-roof ventilators and side windows, utterly insufficient with windows closed. Tents or huts, sufficiency-for about 8,000 prisoners. Tents or huts, heating-sufficient, by stoves. Sinks, construction-two platforms built out over river covered in by sheds. Sinks, condition and position-on western side of island; tide effectually removes excreta. Sinks, management-police good, kept well white-washed. Rations-usual issue, sufficient. Cooking in camp and inspection of food-rations issued, cooked and eaten in mess-room; kitchen large and well appointed; mess-room to accommodate 1,600 at one time; both in very good order and will policed; cooking inspected by officer of day. Ovens-bread baked at post, quality very good; ovens permanent. Vegetables-sufficient quantities purchased from prison fund because of prevalence of scurvy. Cleanliness of men-not as strictly enforced as should be. Cleanliness of clothing-laundry facilities deficient, clothes washed in utter ditch; two boilers provided. Quality of clothing-condemned from quartermaster's department. Quantity of clothing-abundant, every man is well clothed and furnished with over coat. Blankets and bedding-sufficient and in tolerable order in barracks;

