
sufficient and clean in hospital. Habits of men-indolent, can hardly be roused to take necessary exercise. Condition of men-good as can be looked for under circumstances; in hospital, comfortable. Hospital buildings-twelve barracks on upper end of island raised from two to six feet from surface. Hospital tents-eight, connected with smallpox hospital; overcrowded, six patients in a tent. Hospital police-very good in every respect. Hospital diet and cooking-U. S. Army general hospital diet table; cooking facilities ample and food well prepared. Hospital heat and ventilation-well heated by staves, but not properly ventilated, especially with windows closed. Hospital capacity-150 bends in smallpox hospital, 596 in general hospital, total 746; overcrowded, proper capacity about 600. Number sick-smallpox 150, other diseases 557, total 707 (Federal, smallpox 8, other diseases 23, total 31; prisoners, smallpox 142, other diseases 534, total 676). State of medical supplies-well kept up, dispensary in very good order. State of surgical instruments-sufficient and well kept. State of hospital records-books well kept and in good order. State of hospital fund-October 31 $1,396. 07; purchases, articles of diet, table furniture, policing utensils, washing, &amp;c., invoiced for account. Medical attendance-sufficient and apparently good. Nursing-by convalescents and detail of prisoners. Interments-by detail in grave-yard on Jerseyshore opposite fort. Diseases, zymotic-variola. Disease, mitigation of-the location of the hospital is very unfavorable. Diseases, prevention of-every man is vaccinated on entrance into hospital, and many in barracks. Mortality from diseases-for October 12 5/31 per cent. of all diseases; smallpox, daily average sick 6 14/31, daily average deaths 2 16/31.

Medical officers-Asst. Surg. H. R. Siliman, U. S. Army, in charge. Judging from the general condition of the hospital and sick, the surgeon in charge is evidently an energetic and competent officer. Actg. Asst. Surg. C. Arrott, Acting Assistant Surgeon Nugent, Acting Assistant Surgeon Robinson, Acting Assistant Surgeon Barker, Acting Assistant Surgeon Woolsey, Acting Assistant Surgeon Turner. Nine rebel surgeons are also assigned by surgeon in charge to duty in barracks and smallpox hospital. Prison fund due November 1-$1,700. Articles purchased-water condenser, stoves, lumber, table furniture, policing utensils, vegetables, &c., accounted for by retaining original bills as vouchers, and keeping invoice of all articles purchased.

With the exception of the want of drainage and of occupation for the prisoners (spoken of hereafter), everything connected with this prison reflects credit on the officers in charge of it. The barracks are clean and kept well whitewashed. The prisoners are turned out daily for exercise (which they will not take unless forced to do so). Blankets and bedding are duly aired. The kitchen and mess-room are well appointed and well policed. The ground within the line of barracks is being gradually raised by depositing thereon the ashes from the various fires. Ventilation of the barracks by keeping the side windows open is well on forced. Additional measures for ventilating both barracks and hospital should, however, be provided, for the present means are entirely inadequate when the side windows are closed. The present laundry facilities for the prisoners in barracks are very poor, they being obliged to wash their clothes in the outer ditch. This will do very well when the tide keeps the water constantly changing, but at present the washing does not much improve the articles washed. In the hospital laundry matters are very much better, stationary tubs being provided, with hot and cold water at hand.

