
existence, loaded with irons, in filthy prisons. Not a few, after a semblance of trial by some military tribunal, have been actually murdered by their inhuman keepers. In fine, the treatment of our prisoners of war by the rebel authorities has been even more barbarous than that which Christian captives formerly suffered from the pirates of Tripoli, Tunis, and Algiers; and the horrors of "Belle Isle"and "Libby Prison" exceed even those of "British Hulks" or the "Black Hole of Calcutta. " and this atrocious conduct is applauded by the people and commended by the public press of Richmond as "a means of reducing the Yankee ranks. "

It has been proposed to retaliate upon the enemy by treating his prisoners precisely as he treats ours. Such retaliation is fully justified by the laws and usages of war, and the present case seems to call for the exercise of this extreme right. Nevertheless, it is revolting to our sense of humanity to be forced to so cruel an alternative. It is hoped self-interest, if not a sense of justice, may induce the rebels to abandon a course of conduct which must forever remain a burning disgrace to them and their cause.

* * * *

All of which is respectfully submitted.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., November 15, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: Whilst we cannot allow directions to issue from Fortress monroe to one of your prisoners here as to the distribution of rations, I am confident you will be entirely satisfied with the manner in which that service is performed. It will be done in conformity with such regulations as may be established by the prison authorities. These regulations will of course have but the one aim of making the rations most serviceable to your prisoners. Due reports will be made. It was entirely unnecessary for you to threaten the reduction of the rations of our prisoners in your hands. The same humanity that made us consent to receive the clothing would dictate that the rations should not be refused.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

CONFEDERATE STATE OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, November 15, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: The body of Captain Gleeson will be sent to you; so will that of any other or soldier whenever you request it if you will reciprocate. Immediate steps will be taken in accordance with your suggestion for the removal of the remains of Captains Stamps.

Respectfully, &c.,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

