
FORT MONROE, November 16, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Has report in regard to place for rebel prisoners been received? Are the prisoners to come here? Shall Sewell's Point or Hatterasbeused? A reply is respectfully requested, as it is necessary to make preparations.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, November 16, 1863.

Major-General BUTLER, Fortress Monroe:

Your report* in regard to place for confinement of rebel prisoners has been received, and on consultation with the General-in-Chief it is believed to be inexpedient to select either Sewell's Point or Hatteras. For the present, therefore, all action in the matter is suspended.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORT DELAWARE, DEL., November 16 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: Inclosed please find semi-monthly report of deaths at this post. + The number of deaths rendered it impossible to dig a grave for each body separately. I had, therefore, three buried in each grave, and all the names of same date are on the headboard. There is secured to each doffing a card, on which is the name, company, and regiment, and this card is covered with leather so as to enable parties to find the remains easily. It is impossible to give the date of individual arrivals of prisoners as I have never been required to keep such a record. I have kept a record of the number as they arrived.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Chicago, Ill., November 16, 1863.

Colonel C. V. DE LAND,

Commanding Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill.:

COLONEL: You will hereafter permit prisoners of war to receive such articles of clothing as may be absolutely necessary only from their immediate families-not from friends or sympathizers. If a prisoner has a suit which he can wear nothing more can be given to him. Boxes of clothing or other articles for distribution will not be received, nor will you receive contributions of liquor of any kind for the sick. What ever is necessary and proper will be obtained on requisition made on the medical department. You will not receive on deposit for any one prisoner more than $2, unless it is found in his possession when delivered to you.

---------------

*Not found.

+Report (here omitted) shows 77 enlisted men and 1 citizen.

---------------

