
were so, and any portion of it could be sent to him in jars sealed and labeled as preserved fruits, he could exchange it with the officers for Treasury notes and gold at Richmond rates, and thus dispose of it advantageously. The officers at the Libby are now spending for their own comfort and sustenance about $1,000 per day in Confederate currency. I state this matter just as I was requested to by General Dow, and am, sir,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. TRUMBULL,

Chaplain Tenth Connecticut Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Collierville, Tenn., November 17, 1863.

Brigadier-General FORREST, or

Brigadier-General CHALMERS, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: The bearer hereof, Lieutenant-Colonel Hepburn, Second Iowa Cavalry, is authorized to propose to you an exchange of Asst. Surg. D. C. McCampbell, captured by my command on the 3rd instant at Collierville, Tenn., for Lieutenant Joseph O'Kane, Seventh Illinois Cavalry, captured by Confederate forces on the same dy at Cold water. Asst. Surg. D. C. McCampbell has been detained by me as a prisoners for the reason that in April last Assistant Surgeon Yulee, Second Iowa Cavalry, captured by Confederate forces on Pearl River, was not paroled, but, in violation of the existing cartel, was sent to Richmond and confined in Libby Prison. Lieutenant-Colonel Hepburn is further authorized to confer with you as to the informal exchange of prisoners now held, or that may hereafter be captured, belonging to your own or to the calvary command of the Sixtieth Army Corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel Second Iowa Cavalry, Commanding U. S. Forces.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded and recommended. I met the lieutenant-colonel as requested, and received from him a verbal proposition to have all prisoners taken by our respective commands informally exchanged. I informed him that Major-General Lee commanded the cavalry of Mississippi, and that I could make no agreement without his consent. I think the arrangement would result to our benefit, and therefore recommend its adoption.

JAS. R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI,Grenada, November 25, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

The arrangement proposed will be to the interests of the service, in my judgment, and I recommend it.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

[Third indorsement.]

GENERAL JOHNSTON'S OFFICE.

Respectfully returned.

The War Department alone has the power to confer such authority.

