
Shuman and Edward [Amandus E.] Ludwig, of the Fourth Maine Infantry, were sent to the penitentiary from Botetourt County in October, 1862, for a term of years, and that Anderson Crawford, of a Marylkand regiment, has been sent to a penitentiary also, in all three cases upon accusations not recognized as criminal according to the laws of war.

A reasonable time for receiving information from the South will be allowed before giving any special orders in these cases.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General and Commissioner for Exchange.

[Indorsement.]

RICHMOND, November 17, 1863.

There is no such man as Crawford in the penitentiary, nor has there been such a man during my official term.

The other persons named are in the penitentiary under judgments of the circuits court of Botetourt, and there they will remain during my term of service.

JOHN LETCHER.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

PENITENTIARY OF VIRGINIA, November 18, 1863.

His Excellency JOHN LETCHER, Governor of Virginia:

In obedience to your request, I have carefully examined the records of the Virginia penitentiary and find that Joseph Shumand and Amandus E. Ludwig are confined here as prisoners, under a conviction by the circuit court of Botetourt County, Va., and I annex the record of their trial and conviction as the authority by which they are held as prisoners.

I can find no register of the name of Anderson Crawford, nor is there any prisoner confined here purporting to be of that name.

Most respectfully submitted.

COLIN BASS,

Superintendent Virginia Penitentiary.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

At a special term of the circuit court of Botetourt, held for the said county at the court-house thereof on Tuesday, the 12th day of August, 1862 (and continued by adjournment till the 13th of August, 1862); present, the Honorable Robert M. Hudson judge of this court, Henry M. Bowyer (foreman), Thomas G. Goodwin, Samuel Young, George Keplar, John Painter, Daniel Bough, William Kyle, George Switzer, John Rhinehart, John B. Cahoon, Isaac Austin, Sr., Jacob Ried, Samuel Pullen, Thomas Simpson, Morris Hickok, Hugh M. Grant, Ira B. Smith, James H. Mohler, Charles H. Casper, Robert F. Nace, George W. Roder, and Joseph P. Gaunt were sworn a grand jury of inquest for the body of this country, and having received their charge, retired to consider of their presentments, and presently returned and presented the following indictment, to wit: "An indictment against Joseph Shumand and Amandus E. Ludwig for larceny. A true bill. " And the grand jury not having completed their labors, were adjourned over till to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock.

The indictment is in the words and figures following, to wit:

Circuit court for the county of Botetourt. Special term, 1862, Botetourt County, to wit:

The grand jurors, empaneled for the body of the county aforesaid, upon their oaths present that Joseph Shuman and Amandus E. Ludwig, laborers, late of said

