
war in the State of Texas. * Many of them have been prisoners since the 1st day of January last, taken at the fall of Galveston, and they fear that they have been overlooked, possibly forgotten by the Government, as they have seen many Confederate officers and soldiers that have been either paroled or exchanged, returned to their homes, but as yet no intimation has been received here as to the action the United States Government has taken, if any, in reference to the prisoners of war confined in this State. We respectfully request your kind interference, that we may be liberated at as possible.

It may be improper to address this communication to you, sir, but we are certain that you will interest yourself in this matter and call the attention of the proper officers to the fact that a number of your officers and soldiers are prisoners in this State and anxious to be exchanged and returned to their respective commands. In the list I place Surg. A. J. Cummings' name, but he is not held as prisoner of war, yet he is with us at present very unwell and not able to travel, but will probably start for our lines as soon as he recovers his health.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN ROBERTS,

First Lieutenant, One hundred and seventy-fifth New York Vols.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Vermillion, La., October 11, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the War Department with an earnest request that immediate attention may be given to the exchange of these men, who are suffering greatly.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 2, 1863.

One of the first steps in the embarrassments connected with the subject of exchange occurred at or near Galveston, to wit, the sale by the rebels of two colored lads taken prisoners with Massachusetts troops. The effect of that step on the part of the rebels has extended every-where equally, not particularly to the prisoners in Texas, who have not been overlooked. The prisoners in Texas probably suffer less than those in Richmond, both on account of the mildness of the climate and greater abundance of provisions.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General Vols., Commissioner of Exchange of Prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., June 27, 1863.

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Commanding Department of Washington:

SIR: Referring to the communication of Brigadier-General Slough respecting the disposition of disloyal residents of Alexandria, the Secretary of War directs that you cause the persons named in the list presented by Brigadier-General Slough (adding to this list any others of the same character who may have been omitted) to be sent by boat

---------------

* List (here omitted) contains the names of 29 officers, 17 soldiers, and 86 sailors.

---------------

