
is hoped, therefore, that the gallant men who, by their courage and heroic sacrifices, have made Vicksburg and Port Hudson immortal, will need no new appeals to induce them to make their future military history as glorious as their past. It is not enough, soldiers, for you to say you will come to the camp when exchanged. The cartel which authorized the parole under which you were released was framed by two parties, of which your Government was one. It represented you in that act and it alone has the power to construe for you its meaning and intention. It has construed it so far as to declare that there is nothing in the language or purpose of the parole authorized by it to deprive either Government of the right to assemble its paroled prisoners in camps for organization and discipline, to be held there subject to orders for active field duty as soon as exchanged. The idea, therefore, which obtains-however honestly or conscientiously-that you are free from all military control, so long as you are not exchanged, is fallacious and not sustained by the decision of your Government. Your duty, then, is plain. It is to return to your colors, where honor and patriotism alike call you, and where our present military situation and the hope of an early exchange makes your presence necessary.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF HENRICO, Numbers 306. Richmond, November 20, 1863.

* * * *

V. Captain, C. M. Selph, C. S. Army, will report to Captain T. P. Turner to take charge of receiving and distributing the clothing and rations sent from the United States to the Federal prisoners.

By order of Brigadier General John H. Winder:

J. W. PEGRAM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF HENRICO, Numbers 309. Richmond, November 20, 1863.

* * * *

II. Captain D. D. Munro, Company H, Second Regiment North Carolina Volunteers, will report to Captain T. P. Turner, commanding Libby Prison, for assignment to duty with Captain Selph.

By order of Brigadier General John H. Winder:

J. W. PEGRAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS FORT MCHENRY, MD., November 21, 1863.

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that the surgeons and assistant surgeons of the rebel army left this afternoon in the steamer Swan, a boat specially sent for the purpose. They were sent as soon as transportation was given us. There were 120. I gave them notice the day before of the principle which should govern the amount of personal effects they were to take with them, as I knew that during the long residence of most of them in our lines considerable accumulations had been made. They were allowed to take everything they possessed when captured, and a full suit, composed either of what they owned originally or had replaced by gift or purchase. Even thus restricted, they were

