
to Old Point Comfort to be turned over to Major-General Dix for delivery at City Point, the individuals sent having the privilege of taking their families with them, which a reasonable amount of baggage. In carrying out these instructions be pleased to furnish General Dix with a list of the persons and their families.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., June 27, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM H. LUDLOW, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: The Confederate authorities have been informed that Major John P. Thompson, duly authorized by the Secretary of War of the Confederate States to raise a battalion in the State of Kentucky, has been arrested in Owensborough, Ky., and sentenced to be shot. Will you please make the proper inquiries and ascertain if such information is correct, and also what has been done with Major Thompson?

In connection with his case I again call your attention to the remonstrances I have already addressed to you in relation to the condemnation and execution of our officers and soldiers upon the charge of recruiting within what you call your lines or upon the pretense of their being spies. I have already communicated to you the purpose of the Confederate Government respecting such cases. Our authorities are so fully satisfied of the justice of the positions taken by them in this matter that in no instance will they swerve from them.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

[JUNE 27, 1863. - For the Confederate naval descent on the coast of Maine and the capture of the party which had taken and burned the U. S. revenue cutter Caleb Cushing in Portland Harbor, see Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part II, pp. 801-803, and Part III, same volume, pp. 368, 369.]

[JUNE 28, 1863. - For Dix to Halleck, reporting capture of General W. H. F. Lee, see Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part II, p. 794.]

FORT MONROE, June 28, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel SIBLEY, Deputy Quartermaster-General:

A large [number] of prisoners of war for delivery at City Point have been here for a week awaiting transportation. The regular flag-of-truce boat New York, which should be here, by some mistake was ordered from Baltimore to Annapolis. The steamer Monitor loaded with prisoners of war for City Point is in this harbor broken down. Can you not order the New York here, or Georgian from Baltimore? There is not a steamer here to use for this service.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

