
others which have not permitted to see the light. We have positive information of the fact that two colored seamen of the fact that two colored seamen of the U. S. marine were captured near charleston, and were not treated as prisoners of war. Two free colored young men with a Massachusetts regiment were captured near Galveston and publicly sold into slavery.

In a recent case I made a proposal to release, mutually, all chaplains, and the proposal was "cheerfully accepted," but although we delivered about or more than twice the number we received, the enemy held back the chaplain of a Massachusetts colored regiment, who was confined and in irons at Colombia, S. C.

In addition to these facts, Mr. Ould not long since declared that he would proceed to make declarations of exchange whenever he conscientiously felt that he had the right so to do, for the purpose of putting men into the field.

If this announcement means anything at all, it means that the usages of war, and the express provisions of the cartel, are subordinate to the individual determination and purposes of Mr. Ould on the subject of declarations of exchange, and, as a consequence, we must suppose that if Mr. Ould can obtain possession of the "excess" of prisoners now in our possession, he will "proceed" to declare them exchanged and put them into the field, upon what he might allege as his sense of right. When called upon for an explanation he would prepare what he might call a "tabular statement of paroles," as he recently did, made up from guerrilla captures of citizens in remote parts of the country, set down as captured at such places as Kentucky, as Tennessee, as Mississippi, or at such a place as Kentucky and Tennessee, not in any instance properly reporting to whom delivered.

Mr. Ould has shown the latitudinarian construction he puts upon his powers, and the nature of his sense of right, by writing a letter on the 10th of October which he has not thought in necessary to communicate to us, but which ha in a Richmond paper, by which he took upon himself the power to declare that the whole number of men delivered by General Banks at Mobile, embracing several thousand men captured at Port Hudson, were under no obligation to observe their parole.

Mr. Ould has been a mere agent under the cartel, and when a question comes up as to the import of the cartel, its meaning, &amp;c., Mr. Ould has no power to decide the question, for that belongs to the parties by whose authority the cartel was made.

The cartel provided two places for the delivery of prisoners of war, City Point and Vicksburg, but it provided also that when these places, or either of them, should become unavailable by the exigencies of war some other point might be agreed upon. Vicksburg, having fallen into our hands, became unavailable, as contemplated by the cartel, and General Banks agreed with the rebel commander in the field that General Banks would deliver the Port Hudson prisoners on parole, and they were delivered accordingly.

Mr. Ould knew that those men were unconditionally in the hands of General Banks. They had been "reduced to possession" and had been taken to New Orleans, and might have been sent North if General Banks had pleased.

Instead of sending them to the North to swell the number of prisoners of war in our hands at the North General Banks confided in the honor of a rebel commander and "agreed" to parole those men at Mobile, Vicksburg being, by the exigencies of war, no longer available as a place of delivery.

