
In that state of things Mr. Ould takes upon himself to decide that the delivery at Mobile was invalid, that place not being named in the cartel for the delivery of prisoners.

With a sense of right so obtuse as this act indicates, it is doing no injustice to Mr. Ould to say that we cannot confide in any pledge he would make to carry out a special agreement, and we must accordingly decline to acquiesce in any measure which would throw into his hands a large body of prisoners of war under parole to be by him released from its obligations according to his sense of right.

You will understand from the above statement that Mr. Ould's decision touching the prisoners delivered by General Banks is not recognized as justifiable or valid, and that were claim that they are still prisoners of war on parole.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major General of Vols. and Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSIONER FOR EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, Va., November 28, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to Honorable R. Ould, calling his attention to contents.

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General and Commissioner for Exchanged.

[Second indorsement.]

DECEMBER 1, 1863.

Protesting that the statement of facts contained in this papers is incorrect, I return it to its author as unfit to be either written or received.

RO. OULD,

Agent for Exchanged.

[Third indorsement.]

DECEMBER 9, 1863.

It would have been more creditable to Mr. Ould if he had stated wherein the facts are incorrect. The statements are correct, and they are neither received nor answered by Mr. Ould because they convict him of improper conduct.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General, &amp;c.

WASHINGTON, November 23, 1863-4 p. m.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH:

Please send me the declaration of Mr. Ould, made in July, announcing the exchanged of General Pemberton and other officers.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., November 23, 1863.

Brigadier General G. MARSTON,

Commanding Depot Prisoners of War, Point Lookout, Md.:

GENERAL: By authority of the Secretary of War, I have respectfully to request that hereafter prisoners of war may be permitted to receive

