
belonged, where and when taken, by whom, and what disposition was made of them. Please state fully what prisoners are now in confinement within your district, and where they are located, and generally give me such other information as you may deem necessary for my guidance hereafter in my negotiations for their exchange. Be kind enough to have alphabetical rolls of prisoners now on hand forwarded to me as speedily as possible. Also notify me if any of our soldiers have been captured by the enemy within your department, with all the details, if any.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

IF. SZYMANSKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Agent of Exchange.

HOUSTON, November 24, 1863.

Major-General MAGRUDER:

DEAR SIR: I am particularly desirous of publishing in the Telegraph at least the accompanying extracts, if not the whole circular prepared by Mr. Cone regarding Baldwin and Peebles, because an attempt is being made to create some prejudice against you on account of their arrest. The only way to meet this attempt is by placing the facts broadcast before the public. These facts will make public opinion all right. So far as giving information to the enemy is concerned the matter has already gone through the entire press of the State. No wider notoriety can be given by any further publication. The brief extracts given in your speech at Camp Lubbock and published afterward by me had the effect of silencing complaint at that time. The extract in this statement now prepared show a deeper malignity and a more desperate disposition to treason that did those first published by far. I can but think that these will silence, if published broadcast, every murmur except from those who will not dare to give their murmurs breath. If they are published in any great numbers in a circular form some of them will be likely to fall into the hands of those who will convey them to the enemy, and if not published in great numbers they will not reach the people.

I thought of this: If you do not desire your circular to run the risk of falling into the enemy's hands, do not publish it, but let me have the statement of extracts as though I had been permitted to copy them from the original documents and I will on my own account endeavor so to put them before the public as to accomplish what you desire without your being in any way known in the matter. I respectfully submit these suggestions, actuated alone by a desire to aid you and the cause to which you are devoted.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your friend and obedient servant,

E. H. CUSHING.

[Inclosure.]

HOUSTON, November 24, 1863.

CIRCULAR.] HOUSTON, November 24, 1863.

Some time early in October last I had arrested several parties suspected of treasonable designs against the Confederate Government. Suspicion was particularly directed toward these persons by the appearance of a circular, the character of which accorded with sentiments known to have been expressed by them. Upon a diligent search being made, a large number of letters were found in the handwriting

