
and peculiarity of style, clearness, candor, heart, and humor. I think it a very good letter, well adapted to the occasion, and not such a miserable botch of bad grammar as High Private asserts it to be.

Besides these quotations from the correspondence of Doctor Peebles the following items noted down at the time of the examination of the papers will serve for further information. On the 3rd of June, 1862, he ridicules Governor Lubbock, and hopes the territorial Governor and his council will be of a different stripe. On the 8th of the same month he warns Baldwin that he is watched, and proposed to him to decamp if it becomes necessary, he having two good mules for that purpose. On July 1, 1862, he speculates on the success of Jack Hamilton in Texas, and on the 8th day of the same month speaks confidently of there being something in the movement of Colonel Hamilton. On the 11th of July, same year, he says it is in no spirit of animosity to the South that he hails with delight Federal victories; they are for her benefit. And in a letter of the 13th he declares that when liberty is offered to negroes he could not expect them to sink themselves to elevate him. On the 26th of July, 1862, he states that the Union feeling in Austin is strong, and alludes to certain parties rising some day. In a letter dated September 9, 1862, he hopes the Federal Government will hasten its enrollment of 600,000 men, so as to end the war; and on the 20th of the same month he says the Federals will make the Confederacy howl before the 13th of January, 1863. On the 5th of October, 1862, he ridicules the troops that have gone to Galvestone, and speaks of the Federals going into the Brazos and seizing what they might want, particularly if our folks put on any airs. In a letter dated 30th of the same among he declares the speech of Jack Hamilton in New Orleans expresses the sentiments of both himself and Baldwin. In a letter of February 10, 1863, he speaks of the deploof Federal prisoners in Houston. On the 15th he is hopeful of the ditch and dredge-boat at Vicksburg. On the 26th of April, 1863, he thinks the Confederacy on its last legs, and on the 28th thinks the people of Houston must make up their minds to the rule of Governor Banks. On May 27 he speaks of sending letters to Matamoras, and as the bearer would not be afraid of taking some risk, he and Baldwin could write what they pleased. On the 19th of July he alludes to a friend bringing "inside" news. On the 2nd of August, 1863, speaks of "our friends" in person, and on the 9th alludes to information derived from "our people" several days in advance of the published news. On the 18th of the same month speaks of a spontaneous pouring in from all parts of the State certain kind of documents as a part of a plan to get up a convention. On the 20th of September, 1863, speaks of Baldwin having had a good look at the fortifications at Galveston.

A diary containing the current events of the war was found in Baldwin's handwriting, with copious Union comments upon battles,

leaders, prospects, &amp;c. Among the letters found written by Baldwin to his friends at the North there were two to his brother and one to a cousin, from which the following extracts are made. To his cousin in New Jersey he says on the 1st of October, 1863. "I write you this that I [you] may know what I in common with all of our way of thinking have suffered and gone through in this terrible war," and after enumerating the hardships adds:

The standard of general intelligence is such that little can be hoped for from anything but an overpowering Federal army. The country must be overrun. Our newspapers, edited by Northern men renegade to their education and the land of their birth, still tell the people that the Confederacy is in a better condition than it ever was before, &c.

