
released from captivity, I deemed it a fit opportunity to renew a proposition to Mr. Ould which, though unofficial, I state to him would, no doubt, if accepted by him, be carried out by the U. S. authorities. The offer was this: "To send immediately to City Point 12,000 or more Confederate prisoners to be exchanged for the Federal soldiers now confined in the South. " This proposition was distinctly and unequivocally refused by Mr. Ould, on the ground the it would be making 12,000 or more 'special exchanges. " He stated that the only condition upon which he would agree to the release of our prisoners would be that were should send South a number of Confederate prisoners equal to that of Federal prisoners in their hands, and parole and send within their lines all the remaining Confederates in the custody of the U. S. authorities.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General and Commissioner of Exchange.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 25, 1863.

Brigadier General N. C. McLEAN,

Provost-Marshal-General Dept. of the Ohio, Cincinnati, Ohio:

GENERAL: The causes which led to the suspension of general orders directing the unconditional release of medical officers having been removed, the order is now in full force, and you will please direct that any such officers held in confinement or on parole in the Department of the Ohio be immediately sent to City Point and discharged. If there are several they should be sent together under the charge of an officer and suitable guard, with instructions to allow them to have no communication with any person by the way, nor should they be permitted to go to hotels for meals.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

ON BOARD THE U. S. STEAMER NEW YORK,

En route from City Point to Fort Monroe, November 25, 1863.

At a meting of the medical officers of the Army of the Cumberland who were left in charge of the Federal wounded after the battle of Chickamauga and now released from Libbly Prison, Richmond, Va., Surg. O. Q. Herrick, was called to the chair and Surg. John McCurdy chosen secretary.

The following was stated as the object of the meeting, viz: To collect and report a statement of facts regarding our treatment and that of our wounded by the enemy after falling into their hands. For this purpose the following committee was appointed: Surgs. H. J. Herrick, Alex. Ewing, and Joseph Fithian, who submitted the following statement collected from actual experience of their own or well-authenticated testimony:

There were established, before and after our forces fell back, two principal depots for the reception of the wounded, the one on the extreme right of the field, at Crawfish Springs, the other on the extreme left, at Cloud's farm. At these hospitals and on the field were left about 2,500 of the most severely wounded, for the care of whom forty-eight surgeons and assistant surgeons became voluntary prisoners.

The commissary and hospital supplies were very limited in consequence of the non-arrival of an expected train. No nurses remained, or at least a very insufficient number.

