
surgeon for whose truth and respectability I could vouch, he would listen to any statement made by him and give due credence thereto. I immediately sent for Doctor Bowes, with whom I was acquainted, and questioned him in Mr. Ould's presence as to the quality and quantity of rations issued to our prisoners in Libbly Prison, Richmond. Doctor Bowes testified that for the four days preceding no meat at all had been issued to our prisoners, the ration consisting of about three-quarters of a pound of bread made from unsifted corn-meal and one sweet potato pe man for twenty-four hours. After Doctor Bowes had retired, Mr. Ould suggested that he would like to have testimony of Doctor Myers, assistant surgeon, U. S. Navy.

Doctor Myers was sent for and stated that he could not speak as to the condition of affairs at the prisons as he had been in the hospital, but that no meat had been served to the patients there for the four preceding days, and that the ration was the same as that described above by Doctor Bowes. Mr. Ould expressed great astonishment at hearing these statements, saying that the Confederate authorities had issued strict orders that our prisoners should have the same rations as their men in the field and throwing the responsibility of these outrages upon the subordinate officers at the prison, stating that he would himself investigate the matter and see that officers in fault should be discharged and properly punished for such outrageous inhumanity.

In this connection I deem it proper to state that the provisions I sent to our prisoners by order of the War Department were in Richmond on the 18th instant; they had therefore been there two days at least before our prisoners were first deprived of meat. This fact, in connection with two statements, one from Surgeon Myers, U. S. Navy, and one from Surgeon Meeker, U. S. Volunteers, to the effect that they had heard that the rebels were forwarding these provisions to General Lee's army, has induced me to postpone forwarding any more supplies until I can satisfy myself that the rebels are not misappropriating them. I inclose the statements herewith, marked A and B. I also have the honor to inclose another statement from Doctor Myers, marked C, and a report of the proceedings of a meeting of the U. S. Army and Navy surgeons recently held as prisoners by the rebels, marked D.

I made the inquiries as instructed in your letter of the 21th instant concerning our prisoners held at Atlanta. Mr. Ould stated that he would cause the proper inquiries to be made and would forwarded me an early report upon the subject. the money which had been taken from the surgeons was returned to them in Confederate currency at the rate of seven for one. I made an immediate demand upon Mr. Ould that such money should bee deposited. He stated that he would hold himself officially and personally responsible that this money should be returned to the surgeons and that he would forward it to me at an early day. I have caused a list to be made, with the amount claimed set opposite each individual's name, so that the amount due may be forwarded.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General and Commissioner of Exchange.

[Inclosure.]

A.

NOVEMBER 24, 1863.

I hereby certify on honor that while an inmate of the Libbly Prison hospital I was informed by a carpenter of said prison that at least one

