
half of the pork sent by the United States Government for distribution among the Union prisoners at Richmond had been taken by the Confederate Government to be forwarded to "General Lee s army" for provisioning his troops, and that it was his opinion they would dispose of the flour in the same manner.

He stated that he knew such to be a fact.

W. W. MYERS,

Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Navy.

B.

I certify on honor that on the 23rd day of November, instant, I was informed by one of the cooks in the prisoners' hospital in Richmond (where I was an inmate at the time) that the Confederate authorities, when unloading the provisions lately sent by the United States Government and relief associations for our prisoners in Richmond, said that they would send part of the flour and pork to Lee's army, and that on the same day I was informed by a carpenter, who works in the building where these supplies were put after being unloaded, that he heard the Confederate authorities who were present say that they would send part of those supplies to Lee's army, or to their soldiers. I am not certain that he said Lee's army.

DANIEL MEEKER,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers.

C.

I do hereby certify that for several months previous I have enjoyed the privilege of access to the hospitals where the sick and wounded among our Union soldiers received treatment. Since the battle of Chickamauga the number of deaths per diem has averaged fully fifty. The most prevalent diseases were diarrhea, dysentery, and typhoid pneumonia.

Of late the percentage of deaths has greatly increased, the result of causes that have been long at work, as insufficient food, clothing, and shelter, combined with that depression of spirits brought on so frequently by long confinement.

It may seem almost incredible when I affirm of my personal knowledge that in the three hospitals for Union soldiers the average mortality is now forty-five per diem, and upon the most reliable authority I am forced to believe that in the tobacco factories and upon the Island will raise the total mortality among all the Union prisoners to be sixty per diem or 1,800 monthly. The extremely reduced condition of those brought from the Island augurs that hundreds quite sick are left behind who would be considered fit subjects for hospital treatment. Such, too, is the fact invariably stated by scores I have conversed with from that camp. The same to a degree holds true of the prisoners in the city. It would be a reasonable estimate to put the number who are fit subjects for hospitals, but who are refused admittance, at 500. A thousand are already under treatment in the three hospitals, and the Confederate surgeons themselves say the number of patients is only limited by the scant accommodation provided.

Thus we have over 10 per cent. of the whole number of the prisoners held classed as sick men, who require the most assiduous and skillful attention. Yet in the essential matter of rations they are receiving nothing but corn bread and sweet potatoes. Meat is no longer furnished to any class of our prisoners, and all, sick or well, officers and privates, are now furnished with a very poor article of corn bread in

