
On mention it was voted to present a copy of the proceeding of this meeting and of the committee's report to Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States of America.

On motion the meeting adjourned sine die.

G. P. ASHMUN,

Surgeon Ninety-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry,

President of the Meeting.

J. McCURDY,

Surgeon Eleventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Secretary.

SANITARY COMMISSION, CENTRAL OFFICE,

244 F Street, Washington, D. C., November 26, 1863.

Colonel HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Allow me to transmit to you for your consideration a copy of the report made to this office by an inspector of the commission concerning the condition of the prisoners at Point Lookout.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. N. KNAPP,

Associate Secretary.

[Inclosure.]

WASHINGTON, November 13, 1863.

Dr. J. H. DOUGLAS,

Associate Secretary, Sanitary Commission:

SIR: In compliance with orders received from the central office to proceed to Point Lookout, Md., and inquire into the condition, &amp;c., of the rebel prisoners there confined, also the sanitary condition of the encampment and its inmates, I hereby submit the following report:

The accommodations here were much better than I expected to find them and much more comfortable, yet they had by no means the best of care. The hospital was situated in the southern part of the encampment and was composed of eighteen hospital tents, complete, arranged two together, end to end, and placed in two rows, a broad street intervening, with the cook and dining tent on the eastern end facing the street. In these tents there were 100 patients, and all, with the exception of five or six, were on raised bunks, and all were lying on mattresses with at least one blanket for covering. Eight of their own men were detailed to take care of them, and although they were enlisted men, yet six were graduates from some medical school and the other two had been students. Four were graduates from the University of the City of New York; one of the school at New Orleans; one from the eclectic school, Cincinnati, and the other two were students in the University of Pennsylvania, seceders. Still, little or no attention did they give to their sick comrades, and except in giving the necessary food and medicine, they scarcely even visited them. There is either a lack of sympathy or else indolence enters largely into their composition, and I am inclined to believe it is the latter, for, with the accommodations at their od beds and shelter for the sick, if they had one particle of pride they could render them much more comfortable, especially as regards cleanliness. As it is, they are in a filthy condition; faces and hands apparently strangers to soap and water and hair seemingly uncombed for weeks. No attention was

