
given to the separating of different diseases. Wounded and erysipelas, fever and diarrhea, were lying side by side. (The wounded were two that were shot while trying to escape; two were killed.) There being no stoves in the hospital, the men complain greatly of cold, and I must admit that for the poor emaciated creatures suffering from diarrhea one single blanket is not sufficient; yet, as I told them, they had plenty of bricks and plenty of men; they could build fireplaces. One tent only had a board floor. Chronic diarrhea is the most prevalent disease, yet they have mild cases of remittent fever and some erysipelas. Mortality, none, for when any cases assume a dangerous character they are immediately removed to the general hospital, and they generally remove from twenty to thirty per day on an average, leaving in camp hospital eighty sick. The dispensary is a poor apology for one, having little or nothing but a few empty bottles. Not a particle of oil or salts, in fact, a cathartic of no kind. About half a dram of opium, half pound of sulpha-either, half pound of simple cerate, and a few other things constitute the whole supply. Here also was shown the want of discipline and cleanliness; everything covered with dust, and what few articles they had were exposed to the air and placed indiscriminately along the counter and in the most perfect confusion; were going to arrange the bottles, &amp;c. The books were extremely well kept, neat and cleanly, and each day's report was copied in the report book as soon as returned from the surgeon in charge. The rations are very good, both in quantity and quality; amply sufficient for any sick man; but there are exceptional cases where they need something more delicate than the regular army ration. But the majority are perfectly well satisfied, and very little complaint is made in this particular. I will here give the quantities they receive in full, half, and low diet:

Full diet: Dinner-beef or pork, 4 ounces; potatoes, 4 ounces; hardtack, 3 ounces. Breakfast and tea-coffee or tea, 1 pint; rice, 2 gills; molasses, 1 ounce; hard-tack, 3 ounces. Half diet: Dinner-meat, 2 ounces; potatoes, 3 ounces; hard-tack, 2 ounces. Breakfast and tea-coffee or tea, 1 pint; rice, 1 gill; molasses, half an ounce; hard-tack, 2 ounces. Low diet: Dinner-no meat; potatoes, 2 ounces; hard-tack, 1 ounce. Breakfast and tea-coffee or tea, 1 pint; rice, 1 gill; molasses; half an ounce; hard-tack, 1 ounce. Soup and soft bread is also given at least once a week. The cooking is done by their own men, and heard no complain in this quarter, except they were poorly supplied with cooking utensils and were very much in want of tin cups, knives and forks. The patients were required generally to eat with their fingers. They had a large cooking stove, but they complained it was not sufficient for their purpose, as it kept them at work nearly all the time; the very reason that it should not be changed or another given them. The cooks' tent and stove were dirty (the peculiar characteristic), and the tent where the nurses and attendants dined was in the same plight, although I am glad to say the table from which they ate was scoured and looked very clean, as also the plates and cups. The grounds around the hospital have not, according to looks, been policed for a very long time. Filth is gradually accumulating, and the sinks are not al all thought of, requiring a little extra exertion to walk to them. They void their excrement in the most convenient place to them, regardless of the comfort of others. The surgeon in charge of this hospital and of the whole rebel encampment is Doctor Bunton, assistant surgeon Second New Hampshire Volunteers, assisted by Doctor Russell and Walton, acting assistant surgeons, the latter gentleman having just entered

