
a stool they will sit upon the ground, and I even heard their own men say that they never saw such a dirty set in their lives, fully convincing me that it is their element, and they roll into it as a hog will wallow in the mire.

Concerning the rations, I heard a great deal of complaint that they did not get enough to eat. They wanted more meat. What they did get they spoke of in the highest terms. On questioning some of them which they would prefer an increase of the rations or blankets, all concluded that they could get along with the ration if they could get blankets. On being shown a ratio, I do not think they receive half the amount of meat they are entitled to, but with the crackers, &amp;c., given they cannot suffer at all from hunger. The ration to the well man is, pork, 3 ounces; salt or beef, 4 ounces; hard-tack, 10 ounces; coffee, 1 pint; a day's ration. Soup is also given once a week; potatoes and beans every five days; soft bread once a week, and fresh meat had been issued to them once a week up to two weeks ago, when from some cause unable to find out it was stopped. Others, again, did not find fault with the ration, but the cooking; that it was not done well, and there ought to be changes made, &c., so visited the kitchens and dining-rooms. These are in the northwest corner of the camp and composed of six wooden buildings, 160 feet in length, with twenty feet off for the kitchen. Only five of the buildings are in use. The kitchen arrangements are very good, each one containing four cauldrons, and in one five, each cauldron capable of containing from fifty to sixty gallons. Here the rations were cooked, and was told that they served the meat ration all at dinner, not being enough to make two meals, and they were thus enabled to give them one good meal a day. Breakfast and supper they relied upon hard-tack, tea or coffee; and, as I said before, there is on likelihood of their starving. The dining-room contains three tables, and each house feeds 1,529 men, 500 at a time. Seem to be well supplied with all necessary articles, both for kitchen and dining-room. Will make allowance for the condition of the kitchen, as they were just through serving dinner, and were making preparations for cleaning up. Yet there was evidence of a want of care and cleanliness. Still, I found them in a much better condition than I expected. There was such a vast difference that I did not notice as much the number of bones thrown from kitchen on the outside. Still, there were some. The sick in quarters average from 160 to 200. Prevailing disease, scurvy. Yet a great many are troubled with the diarrhea, and as they gradually grow worse are admitted to the hospital to be sent to the general hospital. These men who are sick in quarters and who are unable to eat the ration given them have instead, vinegar, 3 ounces; potatoes, 5; rice, 1 gill; molasses, 1 gill; one day's rations. Each man cooks for himself. They are troubled greatly with the itch, and it is spreading throughout the camp, and until sulphur was sent them by the commission they had nothing for it. They have abundance of water in the camp, notwithstanding several of the wells are unfit for use. The waters of these not in use are strongly impregnated with iron and will stain white clothing a yellow or light brown. Outside of these there is an abundance of good water, and no excuse whatever for being otherwise than cleanly, but they seem to abhor soap an water. At least their appearance so indicates. A great many are employing their time in making brick and have now a great quantity on hand. Others employ themselves in making rings, chains, seals, &c., from bone and gutta-percha, and notwithstanding the complaint that they do not get enough to eat, you will find them on

