
rebels sat down at the same time and in the same room with our own men. What could they wish more? And if there was any complaint at all it ought to come from us, that they received too much and are entirely too well treated. Full diet: Breakfast-bread, 8 ounces; butter, 1 ounce; Indian meal, boiled, 2 ounces; molasses, 0. 32 of a gill. Dinner-beef soup and vegetables, 1 pint; meat, 10 ounces; sweet potatoes, 7 ounces; bread, 4 ounces. Supper-coffee, 1 pint; bread, 5 ounces; cheese, 2 ounces; butter, 1 ounces. The diet is changed every day, when they also receive cabbage, tomatoes, macaroni, and on Sunday have both Irish and sweet potatoes, puddings, &amp;c. The bread ration was formerly six ounces, but the doctor has cut it down one ounce breakfast and supper and two ounces dinner. Bath, laundry, and engine rooms complete and in good order. The linen-room and liqueurs are in the executive building and under the charge of Sisters of Charity; well supplied with everything. In the afternoon visited the smallpox hospital, and is about a quarter of a mile north of the encampment, among the pine bushes, under the charge of Dr. W. Broadbent, acting assistant surgeon. This hospital was opened two weeks ago, and up to-day have received therein 133 patients, during which time thirty-three deaths have occurred. The sick are in wedge tents, three to a tent, lying on straw on the ground, with a blanket and a half to a man. Their ration is the same, and bean soup is given every day; to those not allowed it, coffee in its stead. The men are much more comfortable here than in the encampment, and those who are in attendance do not want to go back. I should also state they occasionally get soft bread. No complaints at all; were getting as long as well as they could expect. Medicines very short; no cathartics at all. In connection with the smallpox the majority have scurvy and scabies, and some are in a horrid condition

In the remarks that I have made concerning the prisoners it is evident that with the facilities they now possess they could be made 10 pe cent more comfortable if they had some one to command them. That they are suffering from want of clothing and covering is true. Of their treatment they do not complain; their ration they do not deem quite sufficient; but of their filthy condition and habits more is attributable to their indolence and laziness, and they have the facilities at their disposal to correct this and they ought to be made to do it. Point Lookout and the surrounding country is called the District of Saint Mary's, and under the command of Brigadier General Gilman Marston. The troops are composed of the Second and Twelfth New Hampshire Volunteers, and a company each from the Second and Fifth U. S. Cavalry, comprising in all about 700 men. Infantry doing guard duty; the cavalry scouting.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. SWALM,

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., November 26, 1863.

Surg. A. M. CLARK,

Actg. Med. Insp. of Prisoners of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: You will proceed immediately to Fortress Monroe, Va., with a view to consult with Brigadier General S. A. Meredith, commissioner for the exchange of prisoners, in relation to making suitable provision on the flag-of-truce boat for the reception of sick Federal prisoners of war who may be delivered from time to time at City Point. Sufficient bedding

