
BALTIMORE, MD., November 27, 1863-12. 40 p. m.

Honorable ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

As the judges of election in Annapolis have been threatened for carrying our Order No. 53, which was done fairly and prudently, General Schenck ordered the arrest of persons who, on offering to vote, declined taking the oath of allegiance, as a precautionary measure of protection to the judges. Of these parties arrested all have given their parole except ex-Governor Pratt and Colonel Nicholson, who refuse. As General Schenck is absent, and I understand the Honorable Montgomery Blair has applied to Your Excellency, I consider it my duty to submit the case to your better judgment. The parole which ex-Governor Pratt declines to sign is as follows:

Parole. -The undersigned, citizens of the United States and of the State of Maryland, having declined, at the late election in that State, to take the oath of allegiance to the United States, as prescribed by General Orders, No. 53, current series, of the Middle Department, and being, for that reason, suspected by the military authorities as intending to declare our disloyalty to the United States, we do now, therefore, pledge ourselves, on our sacred honor, that no such disloyalty to the Constitution and Government was felt or designed by us, and in assurance thereof we do now, therefore, give to Major General Robert C. Schenck, commanding this department, our solemn pledge and parole that we recognize our obligation, as good and faithful citizens, to support, protect, and defend the Confederation and Government of the United States against all enemies, whether domestic or foreign, and to bear true allegiance, faith, and loyalty to the same, any ordinance resolution, or law any State convention or State Legislature to the contrary notwithstanding; that we will at all times yield a hearty and willing obedience to the said Constitution and Government and will not, directly or indirectly, do any act in hostility to the same, either by taking up arms against them or aiding, abetting, or countenancing those in arms against them; that without permission from the lawful authority we will have no communication, contraband of war, direct or indirect, with the State in insurrection against the United States, or with either of them, or with any person or persons within said insurrectionary States; and that we will in all things deport ourselves as good and loyal citizens of the United States.

DONN PIATT,

Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 27, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: It will add greatly to the power of the guards at the several prison camps if they can be in part armed with revolvers. A sentinel on post with his musket can only give one shot in cast on him, but if armed with a revolver it gives him the strength of two or three men without such arms. I have, therefore, the honor or to recommend that 400 revolvers, with accouterments complete, and 25,000 rounds of ammunition be sent to each of the following-named places, viz: Camp Chase, near Columbus, commanded by Colonel William Wallace, Fifteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry; Camp Douglas, near Chicago, commanded by Colonel C. V. De Land, Michigan sharpshooters; Camp Morton, near Indianapolis, command by Colonel A. A. Stevens, Invalid Corps; depot at Rock Island, Ill., commanded by Colonel R. H. Rush, Invalid Corps; depot at Point Lookout, Md., commanded by Brigadier General G. Marston, and 200 revolvers, with equipments complete, and 10,000 rounds of ammunition to the depot on Johnson's Island, near Sandusky, Ohio, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel W. S. Pierson, Hoff-

