
take this early opportunity of preferring charges against the within named men now acting as attendants in the prison. They have taken the oath of allegiance to the so-called Southern Confederacy, thinking they would be permitted to remain South, which they will not be allowed to do, as they will be sent within our lines as soon as exchanges are resumed. As attendants in the prison they have considerable authority over the prisoners, which they exercise in the most shameful manner, beating them over the head with clubs, stealing from them their money, clothing, &amp;c. These facts I can prove as soon as an exchange takes place by officers now confined in Richmond. I would respectfully request that these men may be arrested the moment they arrive within our lines. Their names are - Keller, Seventy-fourth New York Volunteers; - Grube, - Grube (brothers), Seventy-fourth New York Volunteers; G. B. Ganett, Battery B, First New York Artillery; - Eerard (a Frenchman, tall, handsome man), Company B, Fifty-second New York Volunteers; - Blass (a Spaniard), Second New York Fire Zouaves; - Castagno (a Spaniard), deserter from the Fourth New York Cavalry, now in the One hundred and fourth New York Volunteers.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALLSTON W. WHITNEY,

Surgeon Thirteenth Massachusetts Volunteers.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, December 26, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Hoffman, who will probably know when these men are released, and that he may take measures to have them brought to trial.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., November 27, 1863.

Major-General THOMAS, Chattanooga:

Vicksburg prisoners recaptured will not be exchanged without further orders. They will be sent to depots the same as other prisoners.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

(Copy to Colonel Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners.)

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE,

Richmond, November 27, 1863.

General J. H. WINDER, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: In reply to your inquiry as to causes of the mortality among the Federal prisoners, I have the honor to state that I have inspected the prison hospital and the camp at Belle Isle. In regard to the first, I find that the patients have only half of the room allowed to Confederate soldiers in hospital. Otherwise they are on the same footing, the medicines, medical attendance, and provisions being the same as in C. S,. hospitals and as good as can be procured. I have offered the use of Confederate hospitals which have been pronounced unfit on account

