
hence I shall expect that on returning he will not put himself practically in antagonism with his friends. But I do it chiefly because I thereby prevail on other influential gentlemen of Ohio to so define their position as to be of immense value to the Army - thus more than compensating for the consequences of any mistake in allowing Mr. Vallandigham to return, so that on the whole the public safety will not have suffered by it. Still, in regard to Mr. Vallandigham and all others, I must hereafter as heretofore do so much as the public service may seem to require.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 29, 863.

Colonel LUDLOW,

Commissioner of Exchange, Fortress Monroe:

You will exert yourself to procure the release of Richardson and Browne, Tribune reporters, captured at Vicksburg. Browne's health is said to be failing. If they are held as hostages or for any special reason, ascertain and report it.

EDWIN M. STANTON.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, June 29, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

I am making every effort for release of Richardson and Browne. My first application was refused peremptorily. I have made another, the result of which I shall know and report to you on the return of the flag-of-truce boat from City Point on Thursday. They are held in retaliation for citizens arrested and held by us. This is the assigned reason. The real reason I believe to be that they are connected with the Tribune and are held to annoy.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., June 29, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. LUDLOW,

Agent for Exchange of Prisoners, Fort Monroe, Va.:

COLONEL: Your letters of the 26th and 27th instant are received. I have not heretofore understood the manner of transferring prisoners of war from Fort Monroe to City Point, and I have been under the impression that the steamers which received them at Baltimore or this place took them directly to City Point after reporting to you. I believe in no case have I ordered transportation to be furnished only to Fort Monroe, and if it has been done the responsibility is on the quartermaster. I will hereafter direct that transportation be furnished to City Point, unless discharged at Fort Monroe by your order. I requested that prisoners at Fort Norfolk be sent back to Fort Delaware, supposing that the delay of delivering them grew out of other sources than a want of transportation. The steamers provided to take prisoners from Fort Delaware are to take them through to City Point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

