
In accordance with the above order I therefore propose an immediate exchange of prisoners, or the opening of negotiations for that purpose, authorized by the cartel now in force, authorizing commanders in the field to enter into such negotiation. I send Assistant Adjutant-General Wells, of my staff, charged with full authority in the premises.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS GREEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Division Cavalry.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., November 28, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: I have been informed that Private John H. Maynadier, First Virginia Cavalry, has been condemned to death, and that the sentence was to have been carried into effect on the 25th instant, but that the time has been extended. I am very well satisfied from the representations of his companion that young Maynadier was no spy. There may be circumstances suspicious in his case which a full knowledge of all the facts would entirely remove. I will be obliged to you if you will inform me of his present condition and what further proceeding are contemplated in his case. If it will be allowed I would like to present some facts which I think would satisfy your authorities that the young man was not a spy.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C., November 28, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH,

Commissioner for the Exchange of Prisoners:

SIR: I have read the copy you forwarded of Mr. Ould's communication of the 21st instant, in which I perceive Mr. Ould thinks I misapprehended his purpose in forwarding the "tabular statement" of alleged valid paroles, made chiefly in the West and South. I supposed that the tabular statement was sent to you in explanation of the large number of prisoners declared exchanged by Mr. Ould, the propriety of which has been very properly questioned by you.

If that was not the purpose of the statement I regret that it fell under my notice. If Mr. Ould wishes either to present another 'statement" or to furnish detailed explanations of that already before us it will be time enough to consider the pints he may raise when he presents them. In the meantime I think it necessary to observe that neither Mr. Ould, yourself, nor myself, have powers outside of the cartel except those plainly necessary for the execution of its provisions; but in this connection I must affirm that the first shock given to the free and continued execution of the provisions of the cartel came from Mr. Davis in his "message" of the 12th of January of the present year, in which he declares his purpose of delivering to the several State authorities South all commissioned officers of the Federal Army who might be captured, to be tried under State laws for the crime of exciting servile insurrection. This stands yet as the avowed purpose of the chief executive officer of the States engaged in the rebellion. It has not been annulled in any form whatever, nor has the act of the Southern Congress in support of Mr. Davis' views been in any manner repealed or disavowed.

