
FORTRESS MONROE, VA., November 28, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in accordance with your order of the 26th instant I have this day had an interview with Brigadier General S. A. Meredith, commissioner for exchange, in relation to making suitable provision on the flag-of-truce boat for the reception of sick Federal paroled prisoners of war who may be delivered from time to time at City Point. General Meredith stated that he was not aware of any additional provision being necessary on board the boat, but referred me to Major Mulford, in charge of the flag of truce. He states that the boat, being under the control of the Quartermaster's Department, is liable at any time to be taken from him for others uses, and has several times been so taken to transport troops, negroes, &amp;c., and when returned is usually in a most filthy condition. Union this can be obviated and the boat placed entirely under the control of the commissioner for exchange there would be no use in providing more extensive hospital appliances than are absolutely necessary, for when the boat is taken for other purposes they would their either have to be removed or be in danger of injury or destruction. The boat at the time of my visit was about to leave the fort for City Point with a quantity of stores from the Sanitary Commission, &c., for the prisoners. I requested permission of General Meredith to make the trip to City Point on her that I might have time to make a thorough inspection, and thus insure a full and just report. This he refused to give, stating that his instructions were to permit no one-on board without an order from the Secretary of War. I endeavored to telegraph to the War Department for such order, but was unable to do so, owing to the telegraph not being in working order.

From the hasty survey which I was able to make of the boat I have to report as follows: The flag-of-truce boat New York has apparently capacity for transporting 1,000 to 1,200 me. (I was unable to obtain her exact dimensions.) Major Mulford states that she has carried 1,500. The portions of the boat set apart for the use of the prisoners are the lower cabins (below deck), the forward main deck (cover in), and the forward cabin on the upper deck. A portion of those in the lower and upper cabins can sleep in the berths and bunks, while the remainder and those who occupy the main deck have to lie on the deck. Each man is provided with a blanket while he remains on the boat. The rations provided for the prisoners generally consist of bread, coffee, and beef, the latter being cooked before being delivered on board the boat by the commissary. The coffee is prepared by steam. The cabins are well heated by stoves, and the forward deck by a medium-sized cooking-stove, used when necessary for hospital purposes. Ventilation is good except in the lower cabins, where, though not unprovided for, it is imperfect. I was agreeably struck with the cleanliness and general good order of the boat. The lower cabin aft is appropriated for hospital purposes, and contains fifty-six bunks, with room on deck for ten cots. Being below deck, it is dark, without artificial light, not at all well ventilated, and is, besides, difficult of access for men who have to be carried. When the sick are more numerous than this cabin can accommodate the surplus are placed in the upper forward cabin, which is very much better adapted for this purpose than is the lower cabin, light and ventilation being much better, and it is easier of access. It contains twenty state-rooms, with two berths in each, and room on the deck for about forty cots. It is divided by a partition from the after

