
regular hospital boat be sent for them. General Meredith and Major Mulford both coincide with this suggestion. There are, or were, some time since at Washington three hospital boats under the control of the medical department, one of which might be employed for this purpose. Major Mulford, however, states that he has been informed by the rebel authorities that no more sick prisoners will be sent to City Point, for the present at least. With reference to telegraphing to Colonel Waite at Annapolis of the excepted arrival of the number of prisoners on board, Major Mulford states that he has done so hitherto. A copy of his telegram to Major Chamberlain on his last trip accompanies this report. The fault of failing to notify the surgeon in charge of the hospital seems to lie at Annapolis instead of with Major Mulford.

Respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. CLARK,

Surgeon and Acting Medical Inspector Prisoners of War.

[Inclosure.]

FORTRESS MONROE, VA., November 17, 1863.

Major CHAMBERLAIN, Annapolis, Mr.:

I leave here to-night with 350 prisoners; 200 will require hospital accommodations.

JNO E. MULFORD,

Major and Assistant Agent for Exchange.

NOVEMBER 28, 1863.

This letter was read in manuscript to the Secretary of War and approved and its publication sanctioned.

E. A. HITCHCOCK.

Exchange of prisoners. -Important statement by Major-General Hitchcock. -Why the exchange was stopped. -Rebel subterfuges and quibbling. -The disposition made of colored soldiers and their white officers.

WASHINGTON CITY, Saturday, November 28, 1863.

To the Editor of the New York Times:

The public appears to be in need of information on the subject of the exchange of prisoners of war. The condition of our men held as prisoners of war in Richmond, the extreme sufferings to which they have been subjected, contrary to the usages of war and the dictates of humanity, have naturally aroused the sympathies of our people, and the question is asked by many, Why are they not exchanged?

I propose to funis you a statement of facts, from which a judgment may be formed in answer to the question just stated.

On the 16th of January of the present year Colonel Ludlow, then stationed at Fortress Monroe as the agent of exchanged under the cartel which was published in September, 1862, addressed me a letter, forwarding a copy of the Richmond Enquirer of the 15th of that month containing a message to the rebel Congress from Jefferson Davis referring to the proclamation of the President of the United States, dated the 1st of January, on the subject of slaves within certain designated

