
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 29, 1863.

Colonel DIMICK, Fort Warren, Boston:

If the rebel pirates taken at Portland should be sent to you for safe-keeping you will take them in charge and have them securely kept until further orders.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

BALTIMORE, June 29, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Three hundred and eighty men captured by Stuart have arrived at the Relay House, paroled on the river. Are such paroles regarded as binding now? I have seem a newspaper statement that the commissioners have agreed that there must be actual personal delivery by the captors at points indicated. I wait to know if I shall send these men to Annapolis.

ROBERT C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS.

Washington, D. C., June 29, 1863.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Cincinnati, Ohio:

GENERAL: It is difficult to keep a record of prisoners of war unless they are assembled at the camps or stations appropriated to them, and I have therefore the honor to request that all prisoners of war in your department may be assembled at Louisville, Camp Morton, Camp Butler, Camp Chase, or the Sandusky Depot, as may be found most convenient. Only officers and citizens, however, should be sent to Sandusky. It is not contemplated to detain them long at any place, and when the communication is not telegraphed enlisted men will be ordered from this office to be sent forward for delivery from time to time, as may be found advisable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,DEFENSES SOUTH OF THE POTOMAC,

Alexandria, Va., June 29, 1863.

In pursuance of an order of the War Department, you are hereby notified to appear at this office forthwith and make satisfactory proof of your loyalty to the Government of the United States of America, and failing to make such proof within forty-eight hours after receiving this notice you will be sent outside of our lines.

Persons so removed will be sent by boat to City Point. Heads of families will be allowed to take their families with them, together with a reasonable amount of personal baggage, not exceeding 100 pounds, including the trunk or package, to each grown person, and the necessary wearing apparel of the children accompanying them. They will

