
GENERAL ORDERS HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPT., Numbers 59. Shreveport, La., November 28, 1863.

The following notice relating to paroled prisoners is published for the information and guidance of all concerned:

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., October 10, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel N. G. WATTS, Mobile, Ala.:

SIR: All the prisoners taken at Port Hudson and there paroled by General Banks are free to go to duty. Neither our Government nor the Federals recognize the parole * * *

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

In accordance with the above all officers and enlisted men in the Trans-Mississippi Department embraced in the foregoing notice will report immediately for duty.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPOTSWOOD HOTEL, Richmond, Va., November 28, 1863.

Surg. General S. P. MOORE:

SIR: In compliance with your request I herewith hand you a report of the condition of prisoners of war confined in the cities of Louisville, Ky., and Cincinnati, Ohio, United States of America.

I was in the former city on the 2nd of September last. There was a large number of prisoners confined there. The quarters are very poor and filthy in the extreme. The food furnished was poor in quality and insufficient in quantity.

The treatment of the Federal officers to them was harsh.

I saw in the prison a number of Morgan's men, confined in irons. These men were held under various charges and were not allowed to see their friends, nor even allowed to employ counsel. The prisoners allowed to be sent them by their friends.

The regiment garrisoning the place was the Twentieth Kentucky, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Hanson, who were captured and paroled by General Morgan on the 5th of July, 1863.

I was at Kemper Barracks on the 5th of September. Confederate prisoners and Yankee deserters were confined together in one large room in the fifth story of the building. The room was very much crowded and badly ventilated. All calls of nature were attended to in the same apartment; there being no vessels in the room the men were compelled to empty the contents of their bowels and bladders on the floor. I saw one lot of Confederate prisoners sent from this prison to Camp Chase. They were handcuffed in pairs before starting.

The hospitals in both cities were excellently arranged and every kindness shown out men there by the surgeon in charge.

Respectfully submitted.

J. F. KEISER,

Surgeon, Confederate Army.

[First indorsement.]

DECEMBER 3, 1863.

Respectfully, referred to Brigadier General S. A. Meredith, with a request that he will carefully note the contents.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

