
[Second indorsement.]

FORT MONROE, December 3, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

S. A. MEREDITH,

Commissioner for Exchange.

BALTIMORE, MD., November 29, 1863.

(Received 8. 15 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I am willing to go to Richmond as a private citizen to look after provisions sent to our prisoners and to do all I can to alleviate their sufferings. Have reason to believe that Ould will favor my coming. I have sent proposition to General Meredith to make to him. Will Debarment authorize to present it? It is by no means a desirable mission, but I am ready if he Government does not object.

C. C. FULTON.

NOVEMBER 29, 1863.

Colonel C. V. DE LAND,

Commanding Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill.:

COLONEL: Hereafter you will permit prisoners of war to receive such articles of clothing as may be absolutely necessary only from their immediate families, not from friends and sympathizers. If a prisoners has a suit which he can wear nothing more can be given to him. Boxes of clothing or other articles of distribution will not be received, nor will you receive contributions of liquors for the sick. Whatever is necessary and proper will be obtained on requisition made on the medical department. You will not receive on deposit for any one person more than $10, unless it is found in his possession when he is delivered to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HDQRS. U. S. TROOPS IN WESTERN LOUISIANA,New Iberia, November 29, 1863.

[Major General R. TAYLOR:]

GENERAL: I acknowledge the receipt of Brigadier General T. Green's letter of the 27th or 28th instant referring to an exchange of prisoners which he is authorized by you to offer.

I state in reply that if you will commence the exchange without regard to the regiment or corps to which the prisoners belong I am willing to exchange man for man, and will appoint a general officer to arrange at once with General Green a place for the delivery of the prisoners on both sides.

I also make the proposition: I will have brought here and sent to such point of delivery as you may designate clothing and blankets for the prisoners of war that remain in your hands, provided you will permit the articles to be delivered to the prisoners, the United States engaging to pay a reasonable price for freight and handing.

