
Another matter which I have been intending for some time to bring to your notice is this: When a part of my force was at Carrion Crow Bayou previous to October 21st last three of my men were placed as a safeguard at the house of a French subject, on the road from Carrion Crow Bayou to Vermilion. I do not know his name. They were taken by some of your troops on the night before. I moved forward from Carrion Crow Bayou to Opelousas. Another man, who was placed as a safeguard in the house of Mrs. May., widow, not far from Bishand, was captured in September last.

I my opinion these men are not legitimate prisoners or war and ought to be sent back to us with their arms and accouterments without exchange. A precedent has been established in the armies in Virginia, as General R. E. Lee has lately sent back men to General Meade who were captured under precisely the same circumstances.

As my sole object in placing these safeguards was to lessen the sufferings of inoffensive persons, and was not in the slightest degree military or dependent upon the friendship or enmity of the persons to the United States, I hope that you will acknowledge the propriety of my request and return the prisoners referred to without exchange. They are Private Henry C. Marsh, Company C, Twelfth Connecticut Volunteers; Private Francis C. W. Rogers, Company D, Twelfth Connecticut Volunteers; Private Hugh Monroe, Company H, Twelfth Connecticut Volunteers; Private Louis Ulrick, One hundred and sixty-fifth New York Volunteers.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding.

BALTIMORE, November 30, 1863-12 m.

(Received 12. 15 p. m.)

Hon. EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

On last Friday, understanding that the Honorable Montgomery Blair had interceded with the President on behalf of ex-Governor Pratt, arrested for disloyalty and about being sent South, I telegraphed the facts, and was answered that the President was too ill attend to it. I have no response since. Governor Pratt declines taking the oath or giving his parole, as he says he owes allegiance to Maryland and obedience to the General Government.

DONN PIATT,

Chief of Staff.

NEW YORK STATE LUNATIC ASYLUM,

Utica, November 30, 1863.

Hon. EDWIN M. STANTON:

DEAR SIR: I am desirous of publishing a review of the trial of Doctor Wright in the American Journal of Insanity, unless in your judgment such a publication would be inexpedient. Will you be kind enough to inform me whether the Government has any objection? The journal is a quarterly, published by this institution, and edited by its medical officers. I take the liberty of inclosing a communication* made by me to the New York Times in regard to the Eastern Lunatic Asylum of Virginia.

Very respectfully, yours,

JOHN P. GRAY.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

