
[First indorsement.]

JUDGE-ADVOCATE GENERAL'S OFFICE,

December 4, 1863.

The writer of this letter was selected by the President as a commissioner to investigate the alleged insanity of Doctor Wright. He did so and made an elaborate report, fully sustaining the ground taken by the Government that no insanity was present at the time of he commission of the murder. I see no objection to his preparation and publication of the review of the case, which he suggests and desires to make. It would probably by in the interest of science, as well as of public justice.

J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General.

[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, December 5, 1863.

Approved.

By order of the Secretary of War:

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW YORK, November 3, 1863. *

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: While I am not disposed to trouble you with any complaints of our citizens, nevertheless there are occasionally matters brought to me that I feel it my duty to present to the War Department Mr. Hitchock, one of the proprietors of he Fifth Avenue Hotel, is undoubtedly well known to you as one in whose judgment ad integrity reliance can be placed. I inclose his letter of 30th of October, written to show how greatly our military prisoners are suffering in the Libby Prison at Richmond. If anything can be done for their relief, I pray that it may be, and I may add, that I know it will be.

I am, very truly, yours,

E. D. MORGAN.

[First indorsement.]

WASHINGTON, November 5, 1863.

This subject is now, and has been for some time, under special examination. It is surrounded with very great difficulties. Among them the probable want of means (with the rebel authorities) for the relief of our men. The subject is in no sense abandoned as past all hope, but is constantly before the proper authorities, and every effort is made to afford relief.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, November 6, 1863.

Respectfully transmitted to the Commissary-General of Prisoners for file.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Improperly printed out of its regular sequence.

---------------

