
not be allowed to take any supplies, stores, or medicines, nor any letters, correspondence, or writings of any kind whatever.

All such persons to whom this notice is sent will without further order deliver their baggage at the dock, foot of Prince street, at 9 o'clock Monday morning, July 6, 1863, with a complete inventory of the same. All such baggage will be examined, and if contraband articles are found the entire baggage of the person attempting to take such articles out will be confiscated, and no goods will be allowed to pass unless so delivered, examined, inventoried, and approved.

They will also at or before that time to this office a list of the members of their families who are to accompany them, with the full name and age of each person.

The parties, and the members of their families accompanying them, will report at the foot of Prince street, on Tuesday morning, July 7, at 9 o'clock. No person will be allowed to go on board excepting those so to be sent South.

By order,

H. H. WELLS,

Lieutenant Colonel and Prov. March General Defenses South of Potomac.

(Copy of the above served upon all disloyal persons in Alexandria and vicinity.)

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., June 29, 1863.

Surg. G. S. PALMER,

U. S. Vols., Lincoln General Hospital, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Please hand the accompanying package to Sister Helen Rayn, one of the Sisters of Charity at your hospital, and say to her that it has not been thought proper by the War Department to permit money of the kind inclosed to be forwarded. I regret very much the necessity for disappointing her very charitable and praiseworthy efforts to alleviate to some extent the sufferings of our unfortunate friends who are lying sick and wounded in rebel hospitals, but an unavoidable State policy must be allowed to set aside the promptings of kind hearts. Please say to her that I will be very glad to forward her letters if she will omit the part in relation to the money.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

MILITARY PRISON, June 29, 1863.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: I have to report that the smallpox still prevails to a considerable extent in this prison, and will I fear continue to do so so long as it can have fresh subjects to operate upon. I have to request, therefore, as a matter of precaution, that no more prisoners be sent here for a few weeks, so that we may have an opportunity to rid the prison of this most loathsome disease.

I am, sir, with much respect, your most obedient servant,

T. HENDRICKSON,

Major Third Infantry, U. S. Army, Commanding the Prison.

