
OFFICE FOR EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS,

Richmond, Va., June 29, 1863.

Respectfully returned to Lieutenant Colonel William H. Ludlow, agent of exchange.

The inclosed list* of Federal prisoners was sent to Richmond May 25, 1863, from Raleigh, N. C., charged with "murder," with a request from Governor Vance of that State that they be retained in prison until the matter could be investigated and specific charges and a full report forwarded to this office. Should this grave charge prove to be groundless these men will nevertheless be held until the large number of our own men of the same grade now in your prisoners, many of whom have been declared exchanged, are delivered to us.

Among this number are William R. Scott, chief engineer; Edward L. Platt, master's mate, and Captain A. S. Parker, in prison at Fort Lafayette; Captain Henry Floyd and the other officers and crew of the ferryboat De Soto, in prison at Saint Louis, Mo. ; Captain Gladding, at Hilton Head; Pilot John M. Murray, Captain S. Adkins and many others to whom I have more than once called your attention.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 30, 1863.

Colonel LUDLOW, Fortress Monroe:

The Richmond Dispatch of the 26th (Friday) of June states that eleven Yankee ladies captured at Winchester have been taken to Richmond and imprisoned in Castle Thunder. Please ascertain immediately from the authorities at Richmond whether this statement be true. This Government has just made arrangement for sending some hundreds of rebel ladies to their homes at their own request and the wives of rebel officers have lived among us without molestation. If the statement of the Dispatch be true the Government must hold rebel ladies as hostages for the Yankee ladies. Please answer early as the boat was to start from Annapolis to-morrow.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

FORT MONROE, June 30, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I will immediately ascertain from the Richmond authorities whether our women captured at Winchester have been imprisoned in Castle Thunder. An answer cannot be obtained before the 3rd or 4th of July, as three days are always required for communications to and replies from Richmond by flag-of-truce boat.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 30, 1863.

Major TURNER, Annapolis:

For reasons that have just been brought to the notice of this Department you will not leave Annapolis until further order and will keep

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

