
eral Schofield, who will order his discharge. If on the other hand you should find that the prisoner is one who ought not to be permitted to go at large during the existence of the present war, or that he should be discharged upon terms of taking the oath of allegiance or giving bond, or on any other reasonable terms which your judgment may provide, you will report that fact to General Schofield, and you may yourselves take paroles, administer the oath of allegiance, and take bonds of good behavior toward the United States during the war.

Third. You will keep a brief record or docket of your proceedings, specifying the name, residence, occupation, age, and sex of the party examined; the cause for which he was arrested; where and by whom the arrest was made, and where he has been imprisoned, and also noting you action in his case.

Fourth. If in any case you shall require special instructions from this Department you will apply for them.

Fifth. Having compelled your examination at Saint Louis, you will proceed to Alton and hear and determine the cases of such prisoners.

Sixth. After having completed your duties at Alton you will proceed to Camp Douglas, at Chicago, Ill., or to any other camp, military prison, or post in the Department of the Missouri, where you may ascertain that state or political prisoners are confined under the authority of the United States, and to proceed to hear and determine their cases according to instructions herein given.

Seventh. You are authorized to call upon quartermasters for necessary transportation where the ordinary channels of travel will not answer the purpose. General Schofield will also provide you with stationery.

Eighth. General Schofield will provide you, or you may procure for yourselves, a suitable room or place for transacting your business. On application to the commandant at Alton he will, upon showing these instructions to him, provide you with the necessary quarters there, and the same when commandant at Camp Douglas, or at any other military post or prison where your duties may all you.

Your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., December 2, 1863

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF, Commanding Fort Delaware, Del.:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War has directed that hereafter prisoners of war will be permitted to receive such articles of clothing as they are allowed to have only issues from the quartermaster's department as provided for by the circular of regulations, or from members of their immediate family. Friends and sympathizers are not to be permitted to send in clothing for distribution, and under no circumstances will prisoners be allowed more than the prescribed amount. Generally greatcoats are prohibited, but they will allowed in such cases as in your judgment they are demanded y considerations of humanity. They will not be permitted to receive provisions form any persons. Their rations, with such vegetables as you purchase, are ample, and nothing more can be allowed. The fund will enable

