
the boat until you hear from me to-morrow. Acknowledge the receipt of this telegram. I have just learned that the rebels have taken some loyal women to Richmond and imprisoned them in Castle Thunder. It may become necessary to take hostages for their safe return.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., June 30, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore:

If paroles have been given in accordance with the carter and general orders, they are valid; if not, not valid. I cannot act upon any single case until I know precisely what it is. A court is investigating the cases of paroled officers who came in here.

You have all the orders and instructions in relation to paroles.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., June 30, 1863.

Colonel LUDLOW, Fort Monroe:

The Secretary of War directs that officers captured by General Dix be not exchanged till further orders. It is reported that rebel officers in the West have disregarded the cartel.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

(Copy to Colonel Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners.)

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., June 30, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM H. LUDLOW, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: The last boat which reached City Point brought up Colonel Morehead but left Lieutenant James Baker still at Fort Norfolk. They were captured at the same time and were both long since declared exchanged by our agreement. What is the reason for the distinction? Why keep an officer whom you have declared exchanged in captivity almost within sound of your voice?

Frequent complaints have been made to me by our returned officers as to the treatment they received whilst confined in Fort Norfolk. As many as eighteen have been huddled together in an apartment fifteen feet square, with but little ventilation. They have been compelled to obey the calls of nature in that same room, and the excrement was only allowed to be removed once in twenty-four hours. I have been told that you are personally cognizant of the facts. Some of the officers have informed me that they saw you at the fort and that you were made aware of this inhuman treatment. I cannot but believe that now after you have seen these things for yourself you will take prompt steps in the way of reform.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

