
the officers who make the report be required to give their opinion and the grounds of it as to the probable disposal which may have been made of the missing by the rebels. I request also that in case of the killed and wounded the officers who may be called upon for reports will state whether they were either killed or wounded in fair fight under the usages of war, or were subjected to any barbarous treatment whatever.

In order that there may be no mistake on this subject, I beg to inform you that the object of this inquiry is to ascertain whether any occasion has occurred requiring special action under the proclamation of his Excellency the President, the design of which was to secure to colored troops in the service of the Government such treatment as all soldiers are entitled to according to the laws of war.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major General of Vols, Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C., December 2, 1863.

COMMANDING OFFICER PORT HUDSON, LA.:

SIR: A few days since there was published in a New York paper what purported to be a letter from an officer at Port Hudson giving publicity to a report to the effect that a white officer of colored troops and twenty men (colored) who had been taken prisoners by the enemy were hanged within twenty-four hours after their capture.

I will thank you for any information you may be in possession of, official or otherwise, on this subject, not only with regard to this particular report, but any other of a similar character.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major General of Vols., Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, December 2, 1863-10,20 a. m.

Brigadier-General MEREDITH, Fort Monroe, Va.:

Yesterday I directed General Hitchcock to ascertain from you, first, whether supplies furnished by this Government for our prisoners at Richmond were received an forwarded by the rebel agent, and second, whether supplies furnished by State agents would be received by the rebel agent and forwarded. No answer has been received to these inquiries. You will please immediately make a direct answer to both questions.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORT MONROE, December 2, 1863

(Received 2. 15 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Government supplies for our prisoners are received and forwarded by the rebel agent. Supplies furnished by State agency are also received and forwarded. Also individuals supplies. I send two boats laden with provision to City Point to-day.

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General and Commissioner for Exchange.

