
They are still permitted to receive money and clothing from relatives, and visiting is allowed on special permits.

The post adjutant keeps an account of all money belonging to prisoners of war, amounting in two months to $1,500, pays their orders, and send their money with them when they leave.

WM. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., December 3, 1863.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

There are some political prisoners at Saint Louis and elsewhere in this department. All cases which originate in my command are regularly examined by the provost-marshal and sent to the depots as prisoners of war, submitted to a commission for trial or discharge on proper conditions. I believe there are no cases here requiring the action of the commission appointed by the Secretary of War. There are, however, such cases at Alton of prisoners sent from other departments. There are also many prisoners of war who do not desire to be exchanged, some of whom perhaps ought to be released, and others held as prisoners for want of evidence to justify their release, but not exchanged. I respectfully suggest the propriety of authorizing the commission to act upon such cases also. I will give the commission all possible aid.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., December 3, 1863.

Major-General HITCHCOOCK, Commissioner for Exchange:

GENERAL; Permit me to present to you Mr. Andrew Johnson, Jr., who has just arrived from Richmond, having released and exchanged for D. T. Chandler, who was released on parole from the Old Capitol and permitted to visit Richmond on condition of effecting the exchange. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., December 3, 1863.

Major General W. T. H. BROOKS,

Commanding Department of the Monongahela, Pittsburgh, Pa.:

GENERAL: By direction of the Secretary of War prisoners of war in the Allegheny penitentiary will not be permitted to make purchases of any kind themselves or through other parties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

(Same, mutatis mutandis, to Brigadier General John S. Mason, Columbus, Ohio, and Lieutenant Colonel James O. Broadhead, Saint Louis, Mo.)

