
QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, C. S. MILITARY PRISONS,

Richmond, Va., December 3, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. M. SANDERSON (Prisoners of War),

Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: Having heard a complaint from headquarters that the provisions received from your Government were not issued to the Federal officers confined in this prison, ant that your fellow-prisoners with you have suffered in consequence thereof, you will please state the facts of this case, at what time the provisions arrived, when they were received by your, and whether issued in proper quantities. Also request Colonel Boyd to state at what time he saw the provisions issued at Belle Isle.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your most obedient servant,

J. WARNER,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

[Indorsement.]

There was a quantity of salt beef delivered on Belle Isle for issue to Federal prisoners on Sunday, November 22, 1863. The beef referred to was from the Baltimore American Relief Fund, and was unloaded from boat in the rear of Libby Prison, November 21.

A. VON SCHRADER,

Lieutenant Colonel and Asst. Insp. General, Fourteenth Army Corps,

J. F. BOYD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Quartermaster,

Committee for Distribution of Clothing to Federal Prisoners.

C. S. MILITARY PRISONS, Libbly, December 3, 1863.

Captain J. THRONER, Assistant Quartermaster:

CAPTAIN: In answer to your note of this date I would state that as near as I can recollect you personally offered, on Sunday, 22nd of November, to distribute to the officers in this prison twenty-seven barrels containing pork, salt beef, flour, and corn-meal, sent by the Baltimore American Relief Fund, but having no convenience for issuing it, I declined receiving it. On the following day, however, I inspected it in company with other officers, and directed Mr. Burnham, your assistant, to issue it in rations of half a pound per man, to the two officers acting as commissaries for the prisoners, and I can cheerfully state that the instructions have thus far been faithfully complied with, and that these provisions have been issued in addition to the regular rations allowed us by the authorities here.

Very respectfully, yours,

J. M. SANDERSON,

Lieutenant Colonel and Commissary of Subsistence, U. S. Volunteers.

LIBBY PRISON, Richmond, Va., December 4, 1863.

Captain C. McRAE SELPH,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General:

SIR: In answer to your communication of this date, referring to statement that have been in regard to the distribution of clothing and rations sent to Richmond by the United States Government

