
for duty. No reliable information as to Morgan's whereabouts. Rumor places him in at least a dozen different places. Shall continue to do all in my power for his arrest.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT MARY'S DISTRICT,Point Lookout, Md., December 4, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 27th instant, with a copy of the report of an "inspector" from the Sanitary Commission, have been received. Of the report I have to remark that one more disingenuous and false could not well have been made.

It is surprising that the commission should employ agents so stupid or dishonest as the author of this report.

You know the number of prisoners here and the monthly savings from their rations, and of course do not require to be told that the statements respecting their rations are erroneous in every particular.

I inclose herewith a report of the commissary-sergeant, who has the entire charge of feeding the prisoners, and a more competent and reliable man for that duty can not be found in the army.

For the month of November the allowance per man was 13. 3 ounces of bread, 8. 1 ounces of meats, of vegetables and molasses the full rations' a pint of coffee on the days when soup is served and on other days a quart.

The statement that two men had been killed by the guard is simply untrue. No one has been killed by the guard or by any one else since the camp was established.

The following statements concerning the camp hospitals are altogether erroneous, viz: That the sick have only one blanket each; that they are unwashed and uncombed; that they have not other food than the army ration; that wounded, erysipelas and fever patients lie side by side in the same tent; that the hospital is inadequately supplied with table furniture, and that the grounds are not policed.

Every bed in the hospital is supplied with two blankets. There is a laundry for cleansing the clothing of sick men and the hospital is abundantly supplied with wash-basins, towels, and soap.

Two or three nurses are assigned to every ward, one of whom is always present therein day and night. The surgeon has all the table furniture he desires, and the supply is ample. For the use of the sick the surgeon has had farina, cornstarch, meal, soft crackers, fruit, beef extract, wine jelly, and cordials.

Wounded men are alone in one tent, erysipelas patients alone in another.

At one time there was considerable delay in filling the surgeon's requisition for medicines, but during that period he was furnished with medicines from the general hospital. It is said that blankets are furnished well men in the proportion of one to three only; false again; every man has a blanket unless he has sold or gambled it away. True it has happened that on the arrival of a large number of prisoners without blankets the quartermaster has not had enough to supply them, but it is not so now.

Frequent inspections are made and coats, pants, shirts, shoes, and blankets issued as health and decency require. According to the report the camp is a little over 1,000 feet square and contains sixteen acres. A

