
child ten years old who did not know and could not find out that a plat of ground 1,000 feet square contained over twenty-three acres would not be regarded as a very surprising genius.

The sicks for use by day are without the encampment and over the waters of the Chesapeake, and they have been so from the beginning. For use at night boxes have been provided, which at reveille are removed to the bay and cleanses. This has been done since that date of the report. The camp is policed every day. The drainage is not good, and will not be until some genius equally as brilliant as the author of this report in question discovers a method of causing water to flow as readily from a level surface not much elevated above the surrounding seas.

The prisoners are treated as prisoners of war ought to be by a civilized people, and they and their friends are content. They have shelter, clothing, and wholesome food sufficient to insure vigorous health. They have an abundance of fresh water in the camp and daily access to the waters of the bay. That they are a dirty, lousy set is true enough, but having afforded them every facility for cleanliness the duty of the Government in this regard as respects the well men is accomplished.

Now, colonel, come and inspect the camp yourself on send some one, a soldier or army surgeon, who knows what camp life is and who has sufficient ability to apprehend the facts and integrity enough to state them

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GILMAN MARSTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY OF PRISONERS' CAMP,

Point Lookout, Md., December 1, 1863.

Brigadier General GILMAN MARSTON:

GENERAL: In compliance with your request that I make a report to your of the amount of rations to prisoners at the camp I have the honor to submit the following statement:

After a careful computation I find the daily amount of bread issued to each prisoners during the month of October was 13. 7 ounces, and that of meats, 8. 7 ounces. For the mouth of November, 13. 3 ounces of bread and 8. 1 ounces days; coffee twice a day-a pint at each time to every man excepting when soup is served, and all the vegetables and molasses that are allowed by the Army Regulations have been drawn and issued to them.

I would remark here in regard to the issue of vegetables, that I never knew a time during my service when Federal troops got so constant a supply of vegetables as had been issued to the prisoners here.

Rice is seldom issued, the prisoners generally not liking rice. If complaints have been made to you of the inefficiency on the part of the cooks, I would respectfully suggest that these complaints have come from persons decorous to get in the cook-rooms. The cold weather coming on renders this position desirable. I would further remark that there are prisoners here whose only disposition is to eat and sleep. These also may have complained; but to discriminate in their favor would only be to encourage these habits, which I have not done. No restrictions are made as to the amount of soap to be issued, only so far as to prevent waste. On the whole, I have no hesitation is saying

