
that it is my firm conviction that the physical condition of the prisoners is far better when received, in every sense.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILKINSON,

Commissary-Sergeant Prisoner's Camp.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,

Vicksburg, December 4, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, U. S. Army,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: In explanation of your letter of November 24 I have the honor to state that Lieutenant Colonel N. G. Watts, C. S. Army, assistant for the exchange of prisoners, made no application to me for the delivery of those left in the city. The prisoners referred to were those left in hospital because their condition was such that they could not be moved when the others were sent off. In consequence of official information from Washington, received about the last of September, that the Confederate authorities were putting the paroled prisoners captured in this place in the ranks to serve against us, before they were exchanged, Major-General Grant gave verbal instructions that no more paroled prisoners should be sent out until further orders. As soon, however, as the surgeon in charge of the C. S. Army hospital, Dr. R. M. Darling, reported that the patients were in a condition to be moved, some in wagons and some in ambulances, I telegraphed to Major-General Grant and asked for instructions. His reply was:

Send them out. If the Confederate authorities have acted in bad faith, we will not.

They were accordingly sent out about two weeks ago.

I have to state, also, that the terms of the capitulation have been carried out according to the spirit and the letter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION OF CAVALRY,Vermillionville, December 4, 1863.

Major General W. B. FRANKLIN:

GENERAL: Inclosed I send you by Captain Wells, assistant adjutant-general on my staff, a communication from General Taylor. * Having no officers or soldiers of the class spoken of in this district, and that question being unnecessary to be mooted in an arrangement for the exchange of prisoners between yourself and General Taylor, I suppose the exchange will be effected, and it will be unnecessary to send clothing or money to your officers or men who are prisoners in our hands. If, however, the negotiations should be again broken off, I will take great pleasure in facilitating you in forwarding money, clothing, or other articles to your officers or soldiers in our hands in accordance with the terms contained in General Taylor's communication.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. GREEN,

Brigadier General, Commanding First Division of Cavalry, Western La.

See December 3, p. 641.

