
they have been cut off since the barbarity practiced against our prisoners became known to the Government. If it should become necessary for the protection of our men, strict reptilian will be resorted to. But while the rebel authorities suffer this Government to feed and clothe our troops held as prisoners we shall content to continue to their prisoners in our hands the humane treatment they have uniformly enjoyed.

* * * * * * *

Respectfully submitted.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

BALTIMORE, December 5, 1863.

Colonel HOFFMAN,

General Superintendent of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: I have received urgent appeals from Point Lookout to send some common clothing to some destitute suffering prisoners there. Up to this time permission was freely given, and under that permission (for I would do nothing without the express consent of the authorities) I employed a merchant here to prepare a box worth about $125. Some of these prisoners are relations or sons of old Christian friends. The box contains only flannel shirts and drawers, and socks and cheap hats. As an act of charity, especially as the order given and part of the things bought while there was full permission, I beg you will allow me to send this box, to be examined, of course, by the provost-marshal, Captain Patterson, at Point Lookout. For my loyalty I refer you to Secretary Chase, who is my friend, or to General Schneck. As the persons are in want and the point very bleak, some of them wounded and others diseased, I beg you to confer a favor by honoring this with your immediate attention. I refer you also to Senator Harris, of New York, N. Y., my intimate friends.

With much respect, dear sir.

RICHD. FULLER.

Please direct to Revered Doctor Fuller.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, December 5, 1863. (Received 4. 15 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Two of the captains who escaped with Morgan have been retaken and returned to the penitentiary. They were captured near Louisville. Say they remained in a corn-field forty-eight hours, when they took the cars for Louisville. As yet refuse to give any information as to Morgan. I had offered a suitable reward for the apprehension of the men without naming any sum. What sum shall be paid, and how?

DAVID TOD,

Governor.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY PRISON, CAMP MORTON,Indianapolis, Ind., December 5, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, U. S. Army,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of instructions of the 1st instant prohibiting trading by the prisoners

