
with the sutler. This order will be strictly obeyed. I beg permission to remark that the privation of tobacco will cause more trouble and discontent among the prisoners than that of the short allowance of clothing. The revolvers of the use of the prison guard have arrived, with a part of the equipments, and I shall endeavor to make the guard as effective as possible with the means at my command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. STEVENS,

Colonel, Commanding Camp Morton.
HEADQUARTERS CONVALESCENT CAMPS AND BARRACKS,Nashville, Tenn., December 5, 1863.

Captain R. M. GOODWIN,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inclose the statement of Captain Lakin, Eighty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, in regard to shooting of two rebel prisoners at Barracks Numbers 1, on the 4th and 5th of December.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RALPH HUNT,

Captain First Kentucky Infantry, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS EXCHANGE BARRACKS,Nashville, Tenn., December 5, 1863.

Captain RALPH HUNT,

Commanding Convalescent Camps and Barracks:

CAPTAIN: Sergt. William McClelland, Company F, Fifty-eighth Alabama, was shot by George Spencer, private Company K, Sixteenth Michigan Infantry. On the morning of the 4th instant said Spencer received his orders from Lieutenant Turner Bartley, Company H, Ninth Kentucky Infantry, commanding guard, to shoot the first Confederate prisoners he caught throwing out of the windows at people passing along the streets. Said McClelland did throw two pieces of brick out of the window; he afterward got in the window and was spiting down upon Federal soldiers. The guard ordered said McClelland twice to get back on the inside; he (meaning McClelland) shook his head; the guard then shot him dead. Lieutenant Bartley told the Confederate prisoners if they did not keep out of the windows and quit throwing things out that some of them would get shot.

Very respectfully,

JNO S. LAKIN,

Commanding Exchange Barracks.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS EXCHANGE BARRACKS,Nashville, Tenn., December 5, 1863.

Captain RALPH HUNT,

Commanding Exchange Barracks and Convalescent Camps:

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders I respectfully submit the following in regard to the shooting of a Confederate prisoners of war at Exchange Barracks this morning:

Lewis Price, private, Company A, Second Missouri Infantry, was on duty as guard on post Numbers 3, at northwest corner of the barracks building, and his instruction was to keep the prisoners out of the windows and not allow them to throw anything out of the windows at people pass-

