
ing along the streets. J. H. Reese, first lieutenant, Company G, Fortieth Indiana Infantry, commanding guard, gave the instructions.

The men who was shot came to the window and got up into the window, and the sentinel ordered him away three times, and he paid no attention to the command, and the guard shot him (meaning T. J. Smith, private, Company B, Fifth Georgia), causing his death. I immediately went upstairs and made inquiries what the prisoners had done to be shot. The prisoners by when Smith was shot told me Smith was standing in the window making sport of the sentinel, and remarked that "the damned old gun was of no use, and that they would not kill him, &amp;c. " The prisoners told me that he ought to be shot; that he had orders to keep away from the windows.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO S. LAKIN,

Commanding Exchange Barracks.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, December 5, 1863.

Major General W. B. FRANKLIN,

Commanding Troops in Western Louisiana, New Iberia:

GENERAL: If you can effect exchange of prisoners with the general in front on equal terms without raising the question of officers of colored regiments, the enemy having none such in their hands, by General Taylor's statement, the commanding general will approve. How much worthless money do you want?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 5, 1863.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners:

SIR: I have the honor to report that agreeably to your order of the 3rd ultimo I proceeded from Fort Monroe to Fort Delaware and inspected that post with reference to the provision for and treatment of rebel prisoners confined there. I first saw and conversed with the rebel surgeons, explaining to them the purpose of my visit. I invited a free expression by them, or any of them, of any matter connected with their treatment and the treatment of their men then existing, or that had at any time existed since their imprisonment there. Replying to my interrogations about food, clothing, quarters, and general treatment, their expression was that they had no cause of complaint, nor did they know of any on the part of their men. One of their number, however, referred to the case of a man being shot by a sentinel which he thought was unjustifiable, which was the only complaint any of them made or referred to in the treatment of prisoners there. Another one, for the want of anything to complain of there, alluded to the treatment of General Morgan in Ohio as a great outrage. I replied to him that my mission related exclusively to matters at Fort Delaware. Failing to elect from them any matter of complaint, excepting about the soldier that was shot, I made inquiry into that matter and found he was killed while attempting to effect his escape; and next visited the men's quarters. I found their sleeping barracks well constructed, well lighted, and well ventilated, the floors sufficiently raised above the ground surface to be

