
dry, whitewashed on the outside, and sufficiently high between joints for two tiers of bunks on either side of a middle passageway seven feet wide. In the passageway at suitable intervals were put up four large coal stoves in each one of the barracks. The tiers of bunks are about four and a half feet between joints, six and a half feet deep, and inclining slightly toward the passageway. The ventilation is through the roof. A sufficient number of ventilators constructed in the ordinary manner are common to all the buildings constituting the men's quarters, mess-rooms, kitchens, bakery, and hospital wards. Visiting next the kitchens, I found them exceedingly neat and well ordered, ample in size, and furnished with kettles set in arches, and cooking rangers with all necessary furnishing and utensils. The bake-house I found to be a model one in all respects, as well constructed and convenient as any post bakery I have ever seen outside of Washington, and ample in its accommodations. I examined the bread, which I found to be of excellent quality, made of two parts wheat and one of corn-meal. The mess-rooms are constructed like the sleeping barracks, somewhat wider, with tiers of stationary tables with sufficient intervals between them.

These buildings have all been constructed on the same general plan, including also the hospital ward, of the same material, and are as good in all respects as are provided for our soldiers at recruiting depots and camps of instruction. The grounds are well ditched, and plank and brick walks have been constructed to and from every point necessary to be visited. I saw the men at their dinner and noticed their fare; everything served to them was as good and abundant as the rations supplied to our soldiers, including onions, potatoes, and cabbage once a day habitually. I made inquiry of the men singly and in groups and of their non-commissioned officers in charge of messes about their rations, their clothing, quarters, and general treatment. With a single exception their answers were that they had nothing to complain of, that they had good as sufficient rations, good clothes, and good quarters. The exception was that of a man who said he did not have as much bread for his breakfast that morning as he usually had. Turning to the sergeant of his mess, I asked him about the matter. "Oh," said he, "don't mind him; he would grumble if he had a cart-load of bread". In the course of my inquiries I learned from the men that of their bread rations for the last week they had saved thirteen cart-loads of bread- any excess of rations or savings is allowed to them in an increased amount of vegetables. Finding the well men without cause of complain, I next visited the prison hospital. Each of the hospital barracks constitutions a ward, with a mess-room at the lead for convalescents and a surgeons' office across a hall opposite. I found them clean, comfortable, and well ordered in all respects, with ample room and accommodations for the sick. They are arranged with one tier of single beds on either side of a sufficiently wide passageway, and are heated with coal stoves; the walls were whitewashed, the bedding clean, the attendants tidy in appearance, and everything indicated that the sick were as comfortable as possible. I talked with the sick, with the convalescent, and with the attendants, and to all inquiries received the same general replies, that they were well cared for and as comfortable as they could be made. The sick are allowed to have the attendance of their own surgeons if they so desire, and I found in the different wards rebel surgeons attending some of their sick.

From my personal inspection and from what I learned, I venture to affirm that the rebel sick are as well provided for and treated at this

