
Being uncertain how far I can interfere as a matter of official duty, I beg you to consider this note either official or unofficial as may best serve the purpose of alleviating the distresses of these unfortunate men.

Since learning the fact I have had no opportunity to apply to the Department at Washington for instructions. No formal receipt is needed; a note acknowledge the receipt of this being all that can be desired.

If more vaccine matter is necessary it will be furnished.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BULTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSIONER FOR EXCHANGE,

Fortress Monroe, Va., December 7, 1863.

Honorable ROBT. OULD,

Agent for Exchange of Prisoners, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I am request by Major-General Hitchcock, commissioner for exchange of prisoners, to tender you his personal thanks, to which, let me assure you, I most cheerfully join my own, for the efforts we believe you to have recently made in behalf, and for the relief, of Union prisoners in and around Richmond.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General and Commissioner for Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, December 7, 1863.

Major General G. G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith an official letter to General R. E. Lee which you will send to him by a flag of truce. This will be delivered to you to Colonel Cutts, aide-de-camps, bearer of dispatches.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., December 7, 1863.

General ROBERT E. LEE, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am authorized to offer, through you, to exchange all U. S. prisoners of war now in Richmond and its vicinity for equivalents, according to the scale of the cartel, these equivalents to be sent by us to City Point, leaving for future arrangement all question in regard to other prisoners of war held by either party.

If the offer is accepted you will please inform me of the numbers and grades to be se exchanged and the times of their delivery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

