
condition of this camp is very good. This sinks are well arranged and kept clean and pure. During October there were eighty-two deaths. The prison hospital is clean, neat, well attended, and comfortable. The garrison is under command of Colonel Charles V. De Land, who has his regiment of Michigan sharpshooters, 540 strong, two companies Eighth Regiment Invalid Corps, 336 strong. During the three months ending November 18, 1863, sixty one prisoners escaped. If this garrison were so increased as to thrown around the camp on the outside of the prison fence a chain of sentries, it would prevent all escapes, especially by the new process of burrowing out.

CAMP MORTON, INDIANAPOLIS.

There are 2,881 rebel prisoners, of war here. They occupy long, wooden barracks, without floors, with bunks of all shapes and designs. Nearly every barracks was warmed by stoves, but there were some barracks which had no stove or other means of heating. The supplies here are the same at Camp Douglas and the same want of system in cooking exists (see page 2). A sutler's shop is also allowed here, similar to one at Camp Douglas. The sanitary condition of this camp has been neglected, but under the present commander it is receiving proper attention. The deaths for thirty days ending November 18 were forty. The number of sick in hospital (which is very clean and comfortable) at that date was 200. The garrison is in command of Colonel A. A. Stevens, Fifth [Regiment] Invalid Corps. He has twelve companies, averaging about seventy-five men, for duty and four other companies now organizing. This camp is well and securely guarded. A new fence is badly needed around the prison inclosure.

JOHNSON'S ISLAND, NEAR SANDUSKY, OHIO.

There are 2,381 rebel prisoners of war, here, all of whom but 59 are officers. They occupy very comfortable barracks, which are two story frame buildings, with floors and well ceiled up, and with good ventilation. The barracks were mostly very clean and neat, the extent of the cleanliness depending upon the taste of the occupants. These barracks are built in two rows, facing each other, with a side street between. The supply of food is abundant and of good quality, the bread being good wheat bread of the same kind used by our own officers and men composing the garrison. The prisoners have arranged themselves into convenient messes and have cooking-stoves and other facilities for cooking, by means of which they get along comfortably. No sutler is allowed here. The sanitary condition of these is very good. The whole number of deaths among prisoners during the year 1863 up to November was only sixty-nine out of a total of 2,695 prisoners. During 1862 the deaths were only thirty-seven, most all of these cases resulting from diseases incurred before reaching this camp. The number of sick if forty-two. These prisoners look well and hearty. The garrison, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Pierson, Hoffman's Battalion Ohio Infantry, 400 effective men, is ample for this post.

CAMP CHASE, NEAR COLUMBUS, OHIO.

There are 2,448 rebel prisoners of war here who are quartered in wooden barracks, with floors, and bunks arranged on the sides. Some of these barracks are too much crowded. Each one is comfortably heated by stoves. The supply of food is abundant and good, as at Camp Douglas, and although their arrangements for cooking are somewhat better than at Camp Douglas, yet they are not what they should be. A sutler is permitted here, who furnishes a supply of articles as at

