
the other camps. In the stock here I noticed several bottles of gin or schnapps, which were being sold to prisoners, to which I called the attention of the commanding officer. The sanitary condition of this camp is very good. The deaths for October were twenty-eight, and during the first twenty days of November were twelve. There are twenty-eight sick in hospital. The hospital is not as clean and neat as it should be. The garrison is under command of Colonel William Wallace and is sufficient for the duty.

COLUMBUS PENITENTIARY, OHIO.

There are seventy-nine rebel prisoners here, consisting of General John Morgan and his subordinate officers, who are confined in a portion of the building to themselves. They are quartered in the cells and have clean, comfortable beds and bedding. They have their washing done in the prison and their cells cleaned and swept by the convicts. They are supplied with prison fare (with the difference of coffee being allowed them), which is well cooked for them; a table set for them and cleaned away by convicts. These prisoners wear their own clothing and have no labor whatever imposed upon their. They are prohibited newspapers and intercourse with any person. They are in good health and condition, only six of them being slightly sick, but they are kindly and comfortably cared for in the hospital. Since my visit General Morgan and six of this officers escaped. In this prison I find a Doctor Brickley, a prisoners under military orders, but, as he affirms, he is a citizen of Cincinnati, and is ignorant of the reason of this detention.

LOUISVILLE AND NASHVILLE.

The prisoners at these points are principally used as depots for prisoners en route form the front the other points. At Lousivlle, November 22, there were 133 rebel prisoners; at Nashville, November 24, there were 315 rebel prisoners, who are well fend on regular rations. These prisons are kept clean na thoroughly policed.

WHEELING, W. VA.

There were only thirty-two rebel prisoners of war. There are here seven citizens under military orders, and twelve citizens held as hostages by the Governor's order. This is principally a prison depot for passing prisoners. Those on hand are well fend and cared for. The prison is a buildings rented at $1,500 a year by the Government.

GRATIOT STREET PRISON, SAINT LOUIS, MO.

There are 382 rebel prisoners of war and 114 citizens held under military orders at this prison. They are kept in a large building, which is well and conveniently arranged for the purpose. The receive an abundant supply of good food and have good facilities for cooking. There is an abundant supply of pure water at this prison. The prison building and yards are well policed and kept clean, but there is a great lack of personal cleanliness among the prisoners. The prisoners are generally in good health, though there are a large number on hand sick. The garrison is ample for the guard duty required.

ALTON PENITENTIARY, ILL.

There are 1,550 rebel prisoners of war here, who are confined in this building, which was formerly used as the State penitentiary, but some years since abandoned. They are comfortably quarter and well supplies with good, warm bedding. This prison is too much crowded. It should be relieved of 500 men. The prisoners are well supplied with

