
an abundance of food, which is well prepared and cooked. A sutler is allowed to sell to them. The sanitary condition of this prison is very good. It is cleanly and well kept and under good discipline. There were, November 25, 119, sick in hospital. The deaths for October were thirty-five and for November twenty-nine. The garrison, commanded by Colonel Kincaid with his regiment, 450 strong, is sufficient. The wall surrounding this prison is in some places in bad condition and propped's up, much facilitating chances for escape. It could be cheaply rebuilt by the labor of prisoners here under sentence. There are very many prisoners here under sentence, by court-martial or military commission, of hard labor, &amp;c. Some 200 Federal soldiers are here under sentence, but there is no mode of executing the sentence at this place.

M'LEAN BARRACKS, CINCINNATI, OHIO.

There are only twenty-six prisoners of war here; the other forty-three are citizens under military arrest. The prisoners here are well and abundantly fed and allowed to purchase articles under supervision of commanding officer. They are all in good health. The garrison of twenty-eight men is ample for the present duty.

ALLEGHENY CITY PENITENTIARY, PA.

There are 112 rebel prisoners, subordinate officers of General Morgan's command. They are quarter in the cells, which are large and well ventilated. Each cell is supplied with water and gas. The former is used ad libitum and the latter until 10 p. m. Since the latter part of November they have been closely confined to their cells. Prior to that they were allowed the privilege of the prison yard at stated hours of the day, on their parole of honor that they would not escape nor attempt to do so. Two of them were caught on the roof in the act of escaping. For this breach of the parole by two of the prisoners they are all closely confined. They have their washing done at the prison, are allowed to purchase most anything they desire, and are very kindly and considerately treated. They are supplied with the prison fare; good wheat bread, soups, beef, and potatoes at stated times. There are about twelve of these prisoners who expressed a desire to take the oath of allegiance.

ROCK ISLAND, ILL.

There were no prisoners at this point November 30, but arrangements were being rapidly perfected for their reception. The capacity of the barracks will be 10,000 men. The garrison here is under command of Colonel Rush and should be in my opinion at lest fourteen full companies of the Invalid Corps, as the natural obstacles to an escaped are very trivial around this island.

It gives me pleasure to report that at each post I visited the officers were active in the discharge of their duties. There is, however, a want of uniformity in the treatment of the prisoners at the different prisoners, at some more privilege being allowed them than at others, while at all places, however, they are kindly treated and well supplied with food. The whole number of prisoners that I visited is about 16,300, and taking into consideration that these men have been gathered from all parts of the Southern States, have endured immense hardship and been exposed to all kinds of weather and finally compelled to change climate by being removed as prisoners to the Northern States, the present sanitary condition of them is in my opinion very good. At all the prison camps the commandants have taken from the prisoners large amounts of Confederate

