
The names of the prisoners who escaped are as follows: Brigadier General

John H. Morgan, Captain J. C. Bennett, L. D. Hockersmith, T. Henry Hines, Gustavus S. Mayer, Ralph Sheldon, and Samuel B. Taylor.

In regard to the discipline, control, and guard of the prisoners of war in the penitentiary, we submit copies of the following letters, orders, and statement-first, the letter of Your Excellency to the warden on the 30th of July, the day the prisoners were received at the penitatiary:

THE STATE OF OHIO, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Columbus, July 30, 1863.

NATHANIEL MERION, Esq., Warden of the Ohio, Penitatiary:

You have been advised of a formidable and destructive raid through our State by a band of desperate men under the lead of the notorious John Morgan; also of their capture by the military forces of the Federal Government, abided, however, materially by the militia forces of our State. Upon consultation with Major-General Burnside, commander-in-chief of this military department, I learn form him that he has not, subject to his command, a secure place in which to keep the principal officers of said band. I have therefore tendered to the Federal Government the use of our penitatiary as a place of safe-keeping for them until other provision can be made.

You will therefore please receive from the officers of the United States Government the said John Morgan and thirty others, Confederate officers captured with him (a list of whose names is herewith handed you), and safety and securely keep them within the walls of the penitatiary until other provision shall be made for them. You will carefully search each prisoners as he may be handed over to you and take form him all arms and articles of value (money included) and carefully preserve the same until you may receive further directions touching the disposition thereof. You will keep said prisoners, so far as may be possible, separate and apart from the convicts. You will furnish them with everything necessary in the way of food and clothing for their comfort, and impose only such restrictions upon them as may be necessary for their safe-keeping. You will permit no one to hold interviews or communications by writing or otherwise with them except by written or telegraphic order from General Burnside. You will employ such additional force for guard or other duty as you may deem necessary. Should clothing be required for the prisoners you will made requisition upon me for the same. You will keep and accurate account of all increased cost to the institution consequent upon a compliance with this request and report the same to me from time to time as you may require funds to meet the expenditure.

Respectfully, yours,

DAVID TOD,

Governor and Commander-in-Chief.

We found in the hands of the warden a book of record, kept by him, containing the names of the prisoners, inventories of their effects, date of their arrival or discharge, copies of various letters and orders entered in the style of a diary. We copy from this book the following entries:

At 3 o'clock p. m. this day twenty-nine prisoners were received from Brigadier General John S. Mason, each of whom was required to deposit his arms, money, jewelry, watch, with what he claimed as personal effects, except apparel in use, in the warden's care; to be bathed, shaved, supplied with supper, a clean bed, and a ventilated gas-lit cell.

Under July 31 is the following entry:

The prisoners are furnished two meals daily, cooked well and served in the dinning room at tables not used by the convicts.

The prisoners are not confined in the cells during the day, and a military guard of two men, wearing only side arms, is detailed and stationed in the hall used by the prisoners in daytime.

The prisoners are locked in different cells at night in the care of the usual prison night watch.

All letters addressed to prisoners must be examined by General Mason, and all letters written by them are submitted to him.

