
Under date of August 2, 1863, is the following entry:

OFFICE OHIO PENITATIARY, Columbus, August 2, 1863.

An order, of which the following is a correct copy, was received:

"ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

Cincinnati, August 2, 1863.

"Colonel John T. Corxton will proceed to Columbus, Ohio, for the purpose of visiting his brother, who is in confinement as prisoner of war.

"By order of Major General A. E. Burnside:

"D. R. LARNED,

"Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General".

Pursuant to the above, Colonel Corxton had an interview with his brother.

Under date of August 3, 1863, is the following entry:

OFFICE OF THE OHIO PENITATIARY, Columbus, August 3, 1863.

Pursuant to the recommendation of General Mason, the prisoners, at their cost, were furnished with a set of Waverley Novels and chewing tobacco.

August 5, 1863, is the following entry:

An account has been opened with the rebel having money on deposit with the warden, and they having permission to purchase some personal conveniences, Sergt. Joseph Rifle, officer of the military guard at the prison, has been instructed to make a few such purchases until proper arrangements shall have been completed to conduct the business satisfactory.

Under date of August 8, 1863, is the following entry:

To secure systematic control and supervision in the purchase of authorized personal clothing, &amp;c., for the use of the prisoners of war now confined here, James H. Barcus, steward, was this day directed to attend to this business.

Under date of August 17, 1863, are the following entries:

OFFICE OHIO PENITATIARY, Columbus, August 17, 1863.

Copy of order from physician received this day:

"Captain N. MERION, Warden Ohio Penitatiary, &c.:

"DEAR SIR: I think it advisable that Messrs. Bennett and McLean, rebel prisoners be allowed to purchase a small quantity of ale daily. They are both in failing health.

"Respectfully,

"S. LOVING,

"Physician Ohio Penitatiary".

OHIO PENITATIARY, Columbus, August 17, 1863.

At the same time were received two orders, of which the following are copies:

"AUGUST 11, 1863.

"Captain MERION, Warden, &c.:

"SIR: I think it advisable that Chealtham and Gibson, rebel prisoners, should be allowed to purchase small quantities of ale daily; both are becoming feeble.

"S. LOVING,

"Physician Ohio Penitatiary".

"AUGUST 11, 1863.

"Captain MERION, Warden, &c.:

"DEAR SIR: I think it advisable that Colonel Cluke and Major Elliott, rebel prisoners, should be allowed to purchase small quantities of larger beer daily; they are failing in health.

"S. LOVING,

"Physician Ohio Penitatiary.

General Morgan's mother, by letter, requested Captain Merion to accept form her two bottles of cordial forwarded by express, which was received and appropriated to the use of sick in hospital.

