
indorsed by the provost-marshal of her district, and with a letter from Brigadier-General McLean, of Cincinnati, indorsing Mrs. Dorsey's loyalty and claiming in her behalf the rule to permit near loyal relatives to see sick prisoners, and urgently desiring that I should grant Mrs. Dorsey the interview she desired with her brother, Captain T. S. Morgan, then sick in hospital. Having sent to the surgeon in charge to know the condition of Captain Morgan, he certified that he had sick in hospital and had not recovered. The original certificate is herein inclosed, marked B. I then wrote a note to Captain Merion permitting the interview, not to exceed half an hour, a copy of which note is herein inclosed, marked C.

On the morning of the 28th of November, about 7 o'clock, I received a note from N. Merion, warden of the penitentiary, notifying me that seven rebel prisoners had escaped from him during the night. His note, marked D, is herein inclosed. I afterward understood General John Morgan was one of the number. Having telegraphed to the principal cities of the West and North notifying the chiefs of police of Morgan's escape, I dispatched Captain R. Lamb and Lieutenant Goss, on duty at these headquarters, to the penitentiary to ascertain and report by what means the escape was effected. The means used by Morgan and his associates is well known to you. The affidavits of Captain Lamb and Lieutenant Gross as to a conversation with the warden in the presence of General Mason, about two weeks before General Mason was relieved, is [are] also inclosed, marked E [and F.]

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. WALLACE,

Colonel Fifteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.

The following are copies of the papers referred to in Colonel Wallace's letter:

A.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, November 2, 1863.

The directors and warden have requested General Mason to receive the funds belonging to the prisoners of war here, and, through the agency of U. S. officers of his appointment, to disturb them; to guard them at meal time, and to attend to their medical treatment as far as possible, to the rules of this prison.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Columbus, Ohio, November 4, 1863.

Mr. N. MERION, Warden Ohio Penitentiary:

SIR: I send you Sergt. J. W. Moon as prison steward.

Your obedient servant,JNO S. MASON,

Brigadier-General.

B.

U. S. ARMY (SEMINARY) HOSPITAL, Columbus, Ohio, November 26, 1863.

I certify that Captain T. S. Morgan, prisoner of war, has been sick in hospital and has not yet recovered.

J. SYD, BAILEY,

Acting Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Army, Surgeon to Prisoners of War.

C.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Columbus, Ohio, November 26, 1863.

Captain MERION:

SIR: You will permit Mrs. Lucy Dorsey to have an interview with Captain T. S. Morgan not to exceed one-half hour. Captain Morgan has been sick for some time.

WM. WALLACE,Colonel Fifteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.

D.

OHIO PENITENTIARY, November 28, 1863.

Colonel WALLACE:

SIR: Seven rebel prisoners escaped from here last night. They were reported locked up by Sergeant Moon, but were not in their cells at the time. They undoubtedly hid out in the yard and scaled the wall with rope ladders. There has been bribery somewhere.

Respectfully,

N. MERION,

Warden.

