
[Fourth indorsement.]

DECEMBER 22, 1863.

I do not recommend any charge of locality for these prisoners.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Fifth indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, December 22, 1863.

Respectfully returned to the Commissary-General of Prisoners, with reference to the above indorsement by Major-General Hitchcock.

By order of the Secretary of War:

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

December 11, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: As the assent of the Confederate Government to the transmission by your authority and people of food and clothing to the prisoners at Richmond and elsewhere has been the subject of so much misconstructions and misrepresentation, and has been made the occasion of so much vilification and abuse, I am directed to inform you that no more will be allowed to be delivered at City Point. The clothing and provision already received will be devoted to the use of your prisoners. When they supply is exhausted they will receive the same rations as our soldiers in the field.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Vermilionville, December 11, 1863.

Colonel E. L. MOLINEUX, Commissioner of Exchange:

COLONEL: Major Levy, commissioner of exchange, has arrived, and proposes to meet you to-morrow morning at the Boutte place, in accordance with your wishes expressed in your communication of yesterday.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

E. R. WELLS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Will be down to-morrow morn between 10 and 11 o'clock.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, December 11, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

SIR: It appears from a report of a recent inspection of the places of confinement at the West and Northwest for rebel prisoners of what that sutlers are permitted to trade with the prisoners at all points except Johnson's Island, and that at Camp Chase, Ohio, the sale of "gin", under the name of 'schnapps", is allowed. Some 200 paroled Federal prisoners at Camp Chase are reported as being without a commander, the consequence of which is a laxity of discipline and general disorder.

