
and severely punished by every civilized or Christian commander. Major Strange, with his escort of twenty men, is instructed to wait your please and bear any message or communication you may think proper to make.

Hoping that you will forward, without delay, to the proper authorities at Nashville the facts in regard to Captain Gurley, also that you will receive this communication in these spirit in which it is sent*,

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Cartel for the exchange of prisoners captured form the commands of Major General W. B. Franklin, U. S. Army, and Major General R. Taylor, C. S. Army, respectively.

BOUTTE'S,

Seven Miles above New Iberia, December 12, 1863.

The undersigned commissioners, appointed respectively by Major General W. B. Franklin, U. S. Army, and Major General R. Taylor, C. S. Army, to make arrangements for the exchange of prisoners of war captured from the commands of the above-mentioned officers, do hereby agree upon the following articles:

I. The officers and enlisted men shall be exchanged as soon as they can be brought under flag of truce to the former stage stand on the stage road between Vermilionville and New Iberia, about equidistant between these two places, in the following manner, viz: Officer for officer, according to their several grades; where either party has an excess of officers prisoners, the officers constituting such excess may, at the option of either party, be exchanged on the following terms, viz:

For a colonel, fifteen privates; lieutenant-colonel, ten privates; major, eight privates; captain, six privates; lieutenant, four privates; non-commissioned officer, two privates; private solider for private soldier.

II. There being in the hands of Major Taylor, C. S. Army, an excess of prisoners belonging to the command of Major-General Franklin, U. S. Army, in order to expedite the exchange and delivery of said prisoners it is agreed that a list of those belonging to the command of Major-General Taylor shall be furnished at the earliest practicable moment to Major-General Taylor by Major-General Franklin.

III. In the even of no arrangements being made for the paroling and delivery of the excess of prisoners belonging to the command of Major-General Franklin it is agreed that such clothing and provisions as are necessary for the comfort of said prisoners which may be furnished by Major-General Franklin shall be received and be delivered to the said prisoners.

EDWARD L. MOLINEUX,

Colonel and Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners

in behalf of Major General W. B. Franklin, U. S. Army.

WILL. M. LEVY,

Major and Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners

in behalf of Major General R. Taylor, C. S. Army.

It is agreed and understood that should any casualty, such as death, sickness, or other unavoidable cause, prevent the delivery or exchange of any of the officers or soldiers enumerated above, if such casualty should occur on the part of the prisoners held by Major-General Taylor.

