
other prisoners shall be substituted and delivered in lieu of the same. Should it occur on the part of those held by Major-General Franklin, the prisoners enumerated for the exchange with those who may not be delivered shall be still held by Major-General Taylor.

It is further agreed and understood that the above list, which is signed in duplicate, shall be verified by the officers charged with the delivery, and errors of misnomer and otherwise shall be corrected by such officers according to the spirit and intent of the cartel dated December 12.

Entered into by us as commissioners.

EDWARD L. MOLINEUX,

Colonel and Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners

In behalf of Major General W. B. Franklin, U. S. Army.

W. M. LEVY,

Major and Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners

In behalf of Major General R. Taylor, C. S. Army.

ENTERPRISE, December 12, 1863.

Commissioner OULD, Richmond, Va.:

A dispatch stating that "Grant had captured some of Pemberton's men at Chattanooga and telegraphed to Washington to know what to do with them", has created some apprehension in this camp.

These men were declared exchanged by Notices 6 and 7. Can there be any doubt of the Federal Government recognizing that declaration of exchange?

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, December 12, 1863.

Lieutenant General L. POLK:

SIR: I send by Captain Thomson the lists which were forwarded to me by Major-General Forney. He will remain until a copy is taken and then return with the lists. You can use him for the purpose of making the copy. I hope none of the soldiers will have any reluctance in returning to duty. I have in my possession enough valid Federal paroles to cover this declaration of exchange. I have duly notified the Federal authorities, stating that fact, and pledging myself that if upon computation it should be found otherwise I would deliver equivalents from men now in captivity.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

CIRCULAR.

To the EXCHANGED PRISONERS OF THE GARRISON OF VICKSBURG AND PORT HUDSON:

As certain doubts are understood to disturb the minds of some of the prisoners of the above garrisons, who have been declared exchanged, the lieutenant-general commanding publishes the following dispatch from the War Department in reply to inquiries made by him as to the

