
Point any more supplies for our prisoners in Richmond and elsewhere in the South*.

I have also the honor to send you by to-day's mail a Richmond newspaper of the 10th instant and would respectfully call your attention to the remarks published therein made by Mr. Foote in the rebel House of Representatives, calling the attention of the members to the reports of the inadequate supplies of food furnished our men in their custody.

I would observe that the rebel assistant agent of exchange informed Major Mulford that an almost entire change had been made in the officers lately in control of the commissariat of our prisoners, several having been dismissed for misappropriating subsistence stores intended for them, and that there would be no further cause of complaint in regard to the insufficiently of food. Money can be sent as usual.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General and Commissioner for Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, New Iberia, La., December 13, 1863.

Captain H. L. PIERSON, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, New Orleans:

SIR: The rolls of prisoners of war were duly received per hands of Captain Benton.

Major W. M. Levy, commissioner in behalf of Major General R. Taylor, commanding Confederate forces Western Louisiana, and myself as commissioner in behalf of Major General W. B. Franklin, commanding U. S. forces in the said district, have agreed upon an exchange by which the prisoners, officers and men, named upon your rolls will be exchanged at the stage station midway New Iberia and Vermilionville some time in the early part of next week, and I will give you timely notice when to send the said prisoners to this point. Until they are delivered by you into my hands it will be necessary still to keep them strictly guarded, for should any escape it will cause a loss to us in the said exchange.

The following parties need not be sent and will be retained by you or disposed of as you deem proper, as they are not included in the exchange, for explanation of which see remark opposite to their names:

Lieutenant Colonel George W. Guess, Thirty-first Texas, captured by Major-General Herron, reported by them as a traitor and deserter on field of battle. Our reason, "not in this command".

Major R. A. Howard, C. S. Army, Major-General Pemberton's command, east side of Mississippi.

Privates Jules Duhon, Marshal Faber, Antonie Guidry, Sergt. A. D. Landry, Corpl. Alfred Peck, of Twenty-sixth Louisiana Volunteers, Major-General Pemberton's command; supposed to be paroled at Vicksburg.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

EDWAD L. MOLINEUX,

Colonel and Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners

In behalf of Major General W. B. Franklin, U. S. Army.

---------------

* See December 11, p. 686.

---------------

