
very handsomely offered to allow us to send an officer (on parole of honor) with the clothing, he to see to its proper distribution.

The enlisted men who were captured while acting as safeguards on property of citizens are to be delivered back to us with their arms, equipments, &amp;c., without condition of exchange, and orders have been issued by Major-General Taylor against any capture in future of like safeguards.

I desire to mention the negotiations have been carried on with the best of feeling, and that the greatest liberality and straightforward candor has characterized the conduct of the officers who have met me in behalf of Major General R. Taylor, C. S. Army.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD L. MOLINEUX,

Colonel and Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Comr. for Exchange of Prisoners

In behalf of Major General W. B. Franklin, U. S. Army.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

FLAG OF TRUCE, BOUTTE'S PLANTATIONS,

Near New Iberia, La., December 12, 1863.

Major W. M. LEVY,

Commissioner, &c., to Major General R. Taylor, C. S. Army:

SIR: I have the honor to request you to state whether Mr. Gatchell, a correspondent for the New York Herald and a non-combatant, is detained by you as a prisoners of war, and if not, whether he will be released by the Confederate authorities.

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD L. MOLINEUX,

Colonel and Commissioner for Exchange

In behalf of Major General W. B. Franklin, U. S. Army.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

FLAG OF TRUCE, BOUTTE'S PLANTATION,

Near New Iberia, December 12, 1863.

Colonel E. L. MOLINEUX,

Commissioner for Major-General Franklin, U. S. Army:

COLONEL: In reply to your communication of this date asking me to inform you whether Mr. William M. Gatchell, correspondent of the New York Herald and a non-combatant, who was captured by our forces some time ago, is detained as a prisoners of war, and, if not held as such, whether he will be released by Major General R. Taylor, commanding C. S. forces, Western Louisiana, I have to state that the citizens in the hands of Major-General Taylor, captured with your other prisoners, are not held as prisoners of war, but are held because your Government through its officers in this district have arrested citizens, non-combatants, and hold them as prisoners of war.

Among other instances is the case of Mr. John G. Pratt, a citizen of Saint Landry Parish, in this State, whole disconnected with the military service. I mention this as a case similar to that of Mr. Gatchell.

Major-General Taylor is, I assure you, anxious that no both sides this practice should be discontinued.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILL. M. LEVY,

Major and Commissioner in behalf of Major General R. Taylor, C. S. Army.

