
have forborne to press them upon the already crowded attention of the General-in-Chief.

If he so desires I will forward copies. For the present exchanges of officers and citizens are not made. Those of enlisted men continue.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

MILITARY PRISON, Alton, Ill., July 1, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I regret that I am oblige to report that the smallpox still prevails to a considerable extent in this prison, and will I fear continue to do so so long as new subjects for it to work upon are sent here for confinement.

The usual preventive against the spreading of this disease - vaccination - has been extensively resorted to by the prison physician, but without the effect thus far to rid this prison entirely of this disease.

There is but one way which at this time presents itself to me by which we can hope to be rid of this loathsome disease soon, and that is by not sending here any more prisoners for a month or so, by which time we will perhaps have gotten entirely rid of it.

I have the honor to be, sir, with much respect, your most obedient servant,

T. HENDRICKSON,

Major Third Infantry, Commanding the Prison.

[First indorsement.]

Referred to the Surgeon-General for suggestions July 8, 1863.

[Second indorsement.]

Respectfully returned.

I recommend that this communication be referred to the assistant surgeon-general at Saint Louis with the request that he cause the proper steps to be taken to put a stop to this disease in the Alton prison by vaccination, cleanliness, isolation, and such other means as his immediate presence or vicinity may suggest.

I am of the impression that isolation may be accomplished without necessarily ceasing to send inmates.

In any event, the assistant surgeon-general would be able to act more understandingly in the matter as to details to be pursued than any one at a distance.

If the Commissary-General of Prisoners should desire it, orders in the case will be issued from this office.

JOS. R. SMITH,

Acting Surgeon-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, July 1, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM H. LUDLOW, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: Not one of the twenty-four officers whose names have been sent to me participated in the seizure of the U. S. transport Maple Leaf. *

---------------

* For report of capture, see Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part II, p. 786.

---------------

