
to furnish me a copy, I referred it to the commanding officer, Brigadier General G. Marston, and I beg leave to hand you herewith a copy of his reply. *

Your inspector has strangely been led into many errors in his report, and their publication cannot but do much harm to our cause by exciting the friendly sympathies of the people of those who seem to be treated with unnecessary harshness and neglect, and by giving the rebel authorities an apparent excuse for the cruel treatment which they have heaped upon those of our people who have been so unfortunate as to fall into their hands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Washington, D. C., December 15, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel M. BURKE,

Commanding Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor:

COLONEL: Captain R. H. Tyler, Eighth Virginia Infantry, a prisoner of war at the Old Capitol, in this city, has been ordered to Fort Lafayette. General W. H. F. Lee, of the rebel army, now in your charge, and Captain Tyler are to be held as hostages for Captains Flinn and Sawyer, of the Federal Army, now in confinement in Richmond, but until further orders they will be treated as other prisoners of war.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel-Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 15, 1863.

Brigadier General A. SCHOPF, Commanding Fort Delaware, Del.:

Prisoners of war will be permitted to purchase of the sutler tobacco, pipes, letter paper, and postage stamps. Is the smallpox abating?

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, New Iberia, La., December 15, 1863.

Major W. M. LEVY,Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners in behalf of Major General R. Taylor, C. S. Army:

MAJOR: In my reply to your communication of 12th instant, respecting the paroling of the excess of prisoners in hands of Major General R. Taylor, C. S. Army, I had the honor to inform you that as soon as a definite answer had been received from Major General N. P. Banks I would immediately inform you.

I have the pleasure, herewith inclosed, to send you copies of the telegraphic correspondence between Major General W. B. Franklin and

---------------

*See p. 644.

---------------

