
SENTENCE.

And the commission does therefore sentence him, the said Thomas D. Armesy, "to be confined at hard labor at Fort Warren, near Boston, or such the prison as the Secretary of War may direct, for the term of fifteen years. "

II. The proceedings of the military commission in the cases of Daniel Davis and Thomas D. Armesy have been approved by the brigadier-general commanding and forwarded for the action of the War Department. The sentence are approved, and the prisoners will be sent, under proper guard, to Fort Warren and delivered to the commanding officer.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, December 16, 1863.

Major-General HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner of Exchange of Prisoners:

GENERAL: You will proceed immediately to Fort Monroe and take any measures that may be practicable for the release, exchange, or relief of U. S. officers and soldiers held as prisoners by the rebels. You are authorized and directed to confer with Major-General on the subject and may authorize him as special agent, commissioner, or otherwise, to procure their release or exchange upon any just terms not conflicting with principles on which the Department has heretofore acted in reference to the exchange of colored troops and their officers, and not surrendering to the rebels any prisoners without just equivalents. You may, if you deem it proper, relieve General Meredith and direct him to report to the Adjutant-General for orders.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[DECEMBER 16, 1863. - For order assigning Brigadier General W. W. Orme to command of Camp Douglas, Ill., see Series I, Vol. LII, Part I, p. 504.]
HDQRS. HOFFMAN'S BATT., DEPOT PRISONERS OF WAR, Near Sandusky, Ohio, December 16, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: On the 26th day of November Colonel Trusten Polk was removed to Sandusky. In the telegram from the Secretary of War he stated that he had no official information that he had been exchanged for Hon. Lucien Anderson. Colonel Polk has been very sick, and his daughter has been taking care of him and she is now sick. He is desirous of being moved as soon as he is well enough to Saint Louis, so that his friends can take care of him. He also advises me that his pecuniary resources will not admit his paying his bills in Ohio, where he has no friends. He has, therefore, desired me to ascertain whether the limits of his parole must be continued to the State of Ohio or whether he can go to Saint Louis.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. PIERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Hoffman's Battalion, Commanding.

