
Inclosed please find receipts of Lieutenant Herbert and H. F. Fenner for money forwarded to them through district headquarters by flag of truce.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILL. M. LEVY,

Major and Commissioner of Exchange of Prisoners

On behalf of Major General R. Taylor, C. S. Army.

QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, Fort Delaware, Del., December 18, 1863.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF, Commanding Fort Delaware, Del.:

GENERAL: In reply to your inquiries in reference to the anthracite coal used at this post I answer that there has been consumed since the middle of October last nearly 800 tons of coal, of which 600 tons have been consumed in the general hospital and prisoner's barracks. There was purchased from the prisoner's fund 500 tons, all of which has been consumed. The coal now used in prisoners' barracks is drawn from the quartermaster's department. It will be necessary to have at once 500 tons for use of the prisoners at this post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. CRAIG,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

[Indorsement.]

FORT DELAWARE, DEL., December 19, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Hoffman with information that upon the within statement I ordered the quartermaster to purchase 500 tons of coal from the Government contractors at Philadelphia at Government prices.

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., December 18, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: Our authorities will not grant permission to Mr. Charles C. Fulton, of Baltimore, to come to Richmond for any purpose.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Washington, D. C., December 18, 1863.

Brigadier General S. A. MEREDITH,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners, Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: Can you obtain from Mr. Ould a list of officers captured since his last list was furnished? Mr. Ould's list of deaths of October 1 contained only 133 names. Of course, this is but a small part of those who died, and, as we have furnished full reports of deaths of their prisoners, we have a right to expect they will furnish us similar complete lists of all Federal prisoners who die in their hands or have died.

