
I would like to have it understood that monthly lists of officers captured an of deaths of officers and enlisted men will be furnished regularly by both parties. I am having lists of prisoners in our hands prepared, in the hopes that there will be no difficulty in carrying out the arrangement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, December 18, 1863.

Lieutenant-General POLK,

Commanding Department of Mississippi:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 24th ultimo was duly received and referred to Major Ould the 7th instant. It was mislaid in his office, and, though much search was made for it, it was not returned until yesterday. This will explain the seeming inattention of the Department to your communication. The Department has uniformly decided that the formation of a camp for paroled prisoners, the requirement of these prisoners to submit to military control in the camp, the employment of them for the purpose of organization, discipline, and instruction, did not violate the obligation of the parole or the terms of the cartel between the Confederate States and the United States. The letter of Major Ould is inclosed, so that you may see his views, and also what he says relative to lists of the prisoners. * The Chief of Ordnance reports that arms, &amp;c., may be obtained at Demopolis and Selma.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, December 18, 1863.

Hon. ED. SPARROV, C. S. Senate:

DEAR SIR: I hardly know what to promise you in the case of Brigadier-General Adams. If we had captured and paroled any brigadier at Chickamauga, or if there was any Federal brigadier on parole, I might make the exchange. But neither is the case. If open is ever captured and paroled I will make the exchange. I do not like to exchange him for officers of a lower grade. I have encroached so much upon the paroles in my possession for the purpose of declaring exchanged a large portion of the Vicksburg captures that I am not sure I have left any to be used in the way of making further exchanges. I received General Adams' letter, and the difficulties in his case prevented me from making such a reply as I would like to have made. Please assure him I will do everything in his behalf which I can do. I knew the general well twenty years ago.

Yours, very truly,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

P. S. - I omitted to state that we cannot afford to exchange any Yankee officers in captivity for General Adams, who is on parole.

R. O.

---------------

*See p. 710.

---------------

