
of 400 Federal prisoners and 250 prisoners of war, including some thirty political prisoners. Building No. 1 has been fitted up and divided off, and building No. 2 is about to undergo the same process. The policing, privy arrangements, drainage, although not perfect, are, as the buildings stand within a few feet of the water, tolerable. Extensive outlays are being made to remedy whatever is at all defective. The health of the prisoners has been excellent, and since June 20 only one Confederate prisoner (Lewis Call, of Virginia) has died. The post adjutant keeps a ledger account of all money taken from the prisoners of war or sent by their friends, amounting to $1,500 in two months. He pays their orders on the sutler and washerwomen and sends the money with them when they leave. I now proceed to the details of treatment.

Surgeons (about sixty-five). - These occupied the soldiers' barracks for two months, and afterward an upper room of brick building No. 1 (120 by 30 feet), alone. There were some fifteen bunks, holding four persons each. Some forty arrived here in transit a day or two before the final departure of all. When the surgeons first arrived in August they enjoyed the freedom of the whole grounds of the fort, but as ten of them escaped, violating, I think, an implied parole, or at any rate (to borrow a phrase from another learned profession), being guilty of sharp practice, I restricted the remainder to an area of three acres. They were visited by scores of friends, chiefly females, and received clothing and delicacies in profusion. The visits were interdicted by the order of September 19 totally, but the supplies were allowed to continue. I found it necessary to refuse admittance to the ladies who brought them, as when admitted they acted in some instance upon the principle that, "All was fair in love and war," and disobeyed the rules of the post. It was for this, I suppose, that I am indebted to the surgeon's unfavorable diagnosis of my character, which has filled me with astonishment rather than any other sensation. I rarely exchanged words with them, and never unkind ones. I was told that they did not hesitate to express satisfaction with their treatment. They appeared to enjoy their daily game of ball greatly. When the surgeons left I took from them vast supplies of clothing and other articles, leaving all they had when captured, and at least a full suit. But I thought it politic (not just) during the negotiations concerning our prisoners at Richmond to forward the huge pile of redundant articles to General Meredith, who restored them. Twelve Government blankets were distributed among the surgeons.

Wounded officers (twenty-nine. - The occupy the large room previously assigned to the surgeons, with the parole of the same grounds. One of them, Colonel Connally, of North Carolina, has a tent with young Latrobe, of Maryland. They are fully supplied with clothing from Baltimore, as they came from our hospitals to this post. Most of them had blankets. Captain Baylor, of Virginia, had a tent also. Several of these have bedding.

Other prisoners of war (about 130). - These, including a few officers, occupy two rooms (each site by thirty feet) of the upper floor of brick building No. 2. They have received and are receiving clothing from friends, and are comfortably clad. Several have applied recently to the provost-marshal for clothes, who has furnished one or two suits and will furnish, when called upon, whatever is needed. They are allowed to go out upon a balcony for sup and air during the day, and go down into the prison yard for water, roll-call, and to the sutler, under guard, to purchase allowable articles. Some ninety Government

