
of the capture, imprisonment, and escape of Morgan and his companions; stating that on the day the escape was discovered (November 28) and the following day every house and building, without exception, in Columbus was searched by his orders; that information of the escape was sent by telegraph to all parts of the State and elsewhere immediately; that a reward of $1,000 was offered for the apprehension and delivery of Morgan, and that this reward was subsequently increased to $5,000.

The Governor also informed me that he had ordered a thorough investigation of the whole matter of escape, and that it was then being prosecuted by Quartermaster-General Wright, to whom he introduced me, requesting him to give me every facility in his power for arriving at the facts in the case. This was very cheerfully done by General Wright, who accompanied me twice t the penitentiary and who permitted me to read his report as it was being made, up and when completed gave me a duplicate, which I respectfully submit herewith. *

For convenience of reference I will classify my report according to the different objects of inquiry required by my instructions.

First. The mode in which Morgan and his companions were treated while imprisoned at Columbus, Ohio:

On the 30th of July, 1863, General John H. Morgan and some thirty other rebel officers were, by and with the advice and consent of Governor Tod, transferred to the warden of the Ohio penitentiary by General Burnside. On assuming the custody of these prisoners the warden took charge of their money, jewelry, and other effects. They were then required to conform to the sanitary regulations of the prison, viz, bathe, have their hair cut, and faces shaved.

The newspapers having commented rather freely on these steps, Governor Tod heard of them and went to the prison and assured General Morgan that these seeming indignities were the inconsiderate acts of the prison officers, and were not prescribed or sanctioned by any military authority. Morgan seemed satisfied with this explanation, and treated the loss of his beard and mustache, which was the principal grievance, as simply an accident.

In order to keep these prisoners separate from the convicts a board partition was put up across the open space in front of the south face of the cell block in the east wing of the prison. In the daytime they were allowed to assemble in this open space or hall, 160 feet long and 11 wide, and walk, talk, &amp;c., at pleasure.

They had two meals a day by themselves in the prison dining-hall; one between 7 and 8 a. m., the other between 3 and 4 p. m. In addition to the prison fare the United States furnished them with coffee and sugar, and after about two weeks confinement they had fresh white bread in lieu of the prison bread. Their fare was always good and sufficient, and better than the army rations. For awhile they were allowed to purchase from their own funds, through a steward, extra articles of food, but this was discontinued by an order from the commissary of prisoners.

They were allowed, and kept furnished with, one suit of outside garments and two suits of underclothing, the latter being regularly washed and ironed for them.

At night they were locked up in separate cells occupying the first and second tiers, i. e. the tier on the ground floor and the one immediately above; the number of prisoners having been increased to about seventy.

---------------

*See p. 665.

---------------

