
would return to Columbus after awhile. I learned, however, from Colonel Wallace, the present military commander at Columbus, that Sergeant Moon took the watch of General John Morgan to a jeweler's in Columbus to be repaired on the day of his escape (November 27), and did not ask for permission to do so, as was required by orders. He called for the watch on the evening of the same day, but it had not been repaired then; he called for it several times the next day, when Colonel Wallace, hearing of it, took possession of the watch himself. This circumstances shows at least the sergeant held improper intercourse with John Morgan.

Taking all these things into consideration, I think Sergeant Moon is justly chargeable with neglect of duty and liable to suspicion of complicity in the escape of Morgan.

In conclusion, it is plain that from the loose arrangements between the prison authorities and the military commander resulted a divided and undefined responsibility, and then naturally followed a relaxation of vigilance, which the prisoners had the address to turn to their own account.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. A. MACK,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

APPENDIX A.

Copy of letter of instructions.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, December 2, 1863.

Major O. A. MACK, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that you repair to Columbus, Ohio, and inquire into the circumstances of the recent escape of John Morgan, a rebel prisoner, from confinement at that place. Ascertain the mode in which he and his fellow-prisoners were treated while in confinement; the precautions taken to guard them, and upon whom rests the responsibility of the escape of Morgan.

His Excellency Governor Tod is requested to aid you in making this investigation; having completed which you will return to this city and make your report.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APPENDIX B.

Copy (made from memory) of note for warden of Ohio penitentiary left in the air chamber.

Superscription: "Hon (!!) N. Merion, the watchful, the vigilant.

"CASTLE MERION, CELL. NO. 20.

"Commenced work November 4; number of hours worked per day, three; completed work November 8; tools, two small knives. `La patience eat a mere, mail son fruit est doux. '*

"By order of my six confederates:

"T. HENRY HINES,

"Captain, C. S. Army. "

---------------

*Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet.

---------------

