
found in the misunderstanding of General Mason and yourself as to which of you should, after the 3rd of November, be responsible for and have the care of the inspection of the cells.

To avoid danger of a like occurrence I have now to request that you take upon yourself the entire charge and responsibility of the safekeeping of these prisoners. That you, and you alone, select and employ all guards and other assistant which you may deem necessary for a faithful and vigilant discharge of this duty. You are at liberty to make requisitions upon me for everything necessary to enable you to comply with this request, and it shall be promptly forwarded to you. I have furnished Colonel Wallace, commander of this post, with a copy of this letter of instructions and directed him to conform his actions thereto.

Respectfully, yours,

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

APPENDIX C.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Columbus, Ohio, December 12, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM WALLACE,Fifteenth Ohio Vol. Infantry, Commanding Columbus, Ohio:

COLONEL: In obedience to your orders I proceeded on the morning of the 2nd day of December to the Ohio penitentiary, with Lieutenant M. W. Goss, to search the persons, clothes, and cells of the rebel prisoners of war now confined there.

The examination lasted over and occupied most of three days. The prisoners were stripped and their clothing and persons examined, their cells thoroughly searched and all their clothes and baggage removed. We found Confederate money in sums varying from $25 to $1,200, gold and sliver watches, pocket knives, and pipes. From one was taken $20 in U. S. money, form another $42,75 in gold and sliver, which had been concealed in cravat and a boot. Some other small sums of U. S. money were found, but no attempt had been made at concealment.

We also found three steel frames for using spring saws, and some thirty-five saws, very fine, and tempered to cut steel or iron, which were found in lots of five to one dozen. These frames and saws were bought for and given to the prisoners by Lieutenant Judkins, aide-de-camp on General Mason's staff, to assist them in making rings and trinkets of bone, gutta-percha, &amp;c. An examination of the bars, locks, and catches showed that they had not been used improperly. We found the cells very dirty, not having been swept for some weeks, nor an examination made of them by the prison authorities. Their cells were thoroughly cleaned and all their surplus baggage and clothes packed up, labeled, and removed, limiting each man to a change of clothing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servants,

R. LAMB,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

M. W. GOSS,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

APPENDIX D.

Intercepted letter from Dick Morgan to Miss Sallie C. Warfield, Lexington, Ky.

DECEMBER 5, 1863.

MY DEAR SALLIE: I will endeavor to write you a letter, but fear it will not prove very interesting, for I am not in the very best humor and

