
drawers, &amp;c., ready to supply the prisoners in hospital upon the recommendation of the surgeon in charge.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. STEVENS,

Colonel, Commanding Camp Morton.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Columbus, Ohio, December 22, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have retained a gold watch belonging to the rebel General John H. Morgan, supposed to be worth about $60. I respectfully ask for instructions what to do with said property.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

WM. WALLACE,

Colonel Fifteenth Ohio Volunteers, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Washington, D. C., December 22, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit herewith my report of inspection of the camp and hospitals for prisoners of war at Point Lookout, Md. I left Washington, in accordance with your orders, on the 16th instant and returned on the 20th. During that time I made a careful and thorough inspection of the post designated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. CLARK,

Surgeon and Acting Medical Inspector Prisoners of War.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

Report of inspection of the Hammond U. S. General Hospital at Point Lookout, Md., December 17, 1863, by A. M. Clark, surgeon and acting medical inspector prisoners of war.

Surgeon in charge - Surg. A. Heger, U. S. Army. Location - Point Lookout, Md. Vicinate - Chesapeake Bay and Potomac River on north camp of prisoners of war. Topography - flat sand spit. Drainage - none. Soil - sand and grave; water does not stand on surface. Buildings - wooden barracks, sixteen arranged around a covered corridor as spokes in a wheel; first division, cottages, formerly used as a watering place. Wards - second division, fifteen, each - feet long, --- feet wide, --- feet high, for seventy beds. Tents - none. Capacity - 1,050 in second division, allowing -- cubic feet to each patient; first division, 350; total,1,400. Patients, number of - prisoners, 787; Federals,293; prisoners and Federals kept in separate wards. Patients condition of - excellent in every respect; men clean and comfortable. Patients, return to duty of - are returned to camp when fully recovered. Ventilation - ridge ventilation and side windows; very well ventilated; first division, windows, not well. Warming - sufficient by stoves, three in each ward; first division, stoves or fireplaces. Lighting - lamps, coal oil. Lavatories and baths - facilities good, bath-room well fitted

