
up and in excellent order. Water supply - sufficient, by wells; water not very good; tank of 10,000 gallon capacity in center of circle. Water-closets - well arranged and policed. Latrines and sinks - built out over river on west side of hospital; first division, boxes promptly emptied each morning. Excreta, removal of- promptly by tide. Furniture and utensils - sufficient of every kind and in good order. Bedding - sufficient and clean. Kitchen - well arranged, in perfect order and police. Kitchen utensils - sufficient and in good order. Cooks - prisoners, do their work well; Sisters of Charity in half-diet kitchen. Cooking and serving- daily inspection by medical officer of day. Diet, quality and variety of - half and low diet, U. S. general hospital diet table; full somewhat less in variety. Means of supply - boat from Baltimore. Knapsack rooms and store-rooms - in good order. Dispensary - in very good order and well furnished. Instruments, medical spending - under charge of competent U. S. Army hospital stewards. Hospital stores and comforts - supplies kept up. Hospital records and accounts - exceedingly well kept in every particular. Hospital fund - November 30, $4. 09; expended for articles of diet, ice, eggs, milk, butter, vegetables, &amp;c. Hospital clothing - abundant supply. Reports - well kept up. Requisitions - promptly filled. Laundry - washing done by steam. Repair - repairs are needed on the roofs of some of the wards. Prevention of fire - carefully provided for; hose led over building; tank in circle gives sufficient of water. Medical attendance - sufficient. Chaplain - Rev. J. A. Spooner, U. S. Army. Discipline and police - admirable in every respect. Nursers, men - convalescents. Nurses, women - nine Sisters of Charity in charge of half-diet kitchen, store rooms, &c. Post mortem rooms and deal-houses - at sufficient distance from hospital and well arranged. Interments - by quartermaster at cemetery one mile and three-quarters from hospital. Diseases local - none apparent. Disease prevalent - chronic diarrhea, chronic dysentery, general scorbutic taint. Diseases zymotic - a few cases of smallpox. Diseases, mitigation of - all facilities of a well-ordered hospital. Diseases, prevention of - every person at the point promptly vaccinated. Recoveries and mortality from diseases and wounds - report for November shows aggregate number of prisoners sick and wounded in hospital, 1,037; aggregate of deaths, 145; percentage of deaths, 13. 98; aggregate number of Federal sick and wounded in hospital, 505; aggregate number of deaths,1; percentage of deaths, . 019.

Medical officers - Surg. Anthony Heger, U. S. Army, assisted by one assistant surgeon, U. S. Army; one assistant surgeon, U. S. Volunteers; eleven acting assistant surgeons, four hospital stewards.

I have no suggestions to make in reference to this hospital; there is no fault to be found.

Respectfully submitted.

A. M. CLARK,

Surgeon and Acting Medical Inspector Prisoners of War.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

Report of inspection of camp and field hospitals for prisoners of war at Point Lookout, Md., December 17 and 18, 1863, by A. M. Clerks, surgeon and acting medical inspector prisoners of war.

Designation of camp - camp of prisoners of war. Commander of camp -Brigadier General G. Marston, U. S. Volunteers. Command and

