
strength - 8,764 prisoners of war, including 1,196 sick in hospital Location of camp - Point Lookout, Md., one-half mile from extreme point. Time occupied - established August 1, 1863. Water, source and supply - wells and pumps; supply abundant. Water, quality and effects - impregnated with ferruginous and alkaline salts, giving rise to digestive and intestinal derangements. Fuel - wood, abundant. Soil - sand over clay, with lower stratus of gravel. Drainage - much neglected; that natural facilities are, however, very poor. Topography - flat sand spit. Meteorology - wind generally northeast or southwest; not much rain. Zymotic influences - no malarial influences. Police of camp - generally well attended to. Discipline in camp - tolerably strict. Duties in camp - policing, procuring fuel, &amp;c. Recreations in camp - making brick, and gambling for rations, clothing, wood, &c. Tents, position - arranged on nine streets or divisions running nearly east and west; streets about sixty feet wide. Tents, pattern and quality - Sibley or French bell tents, 330; common tents, 650; quality, generally good. Tents. ventilation and removal - ventilation at opinion of inmates; position of tents had just been changed. Tents, sufficiency - regulations of camp assign sixteen men to a Sibley and five to a common tent; total 8,530, exclusive of hospitals. Tents, heating - most of the tents have chimneys and fireplaces of brick, made by prisoners. Sinks, construction, condition and position, management - three large sinks built out over the bay on east side of camp, for use by day; there are in good order but are insufficient; for night use large boxes are provided to be emptied in the morning; these are insufficient and are not properly attended to; in many places excrement was found in the division streets. Removal of official, &c. - thrown into bay or river and readily removed by tide. Previous use of camp - Point Lookout was formerly used as a watering place. Rations - sufficient, meat, vegetables, biscuit, served in six mess-rooms accommodating 500 at a time; police good. Cooking in camp - nine cook-houses, six in use, each containing five 40-gallon caldrons, capacity, 9,600 pints of soup per diem. Inspection of food - said to be inspected daily by officer of day. Portable ovens - none; bread furnished by commissary of subsistence. Vegetables - abundant at present; purchases to amount of $4,000 this week. Cleanliness of men and clothing - dirty, as usual in similar camps; apparently no laundry regulations. Quality of clothing - mostly owned by prisoners, some donations, some condemned U. S. clothing. Quantity of clothing - apparently sufficient except overcoats and underclothing. Blankets and bedding - in camp blankets sufficient, foul, partly brought by prisoners; mostly supplies through quartermaster. Habits of men - indolent, but willing to work if ordered; Condition of men - good as is usual or to be expected in similar camps. Hospital buildings- none. Hospital tents - 30 hospital tents for sick, 3 hospital tents for quarantine, 9 hospital tents for miscellaneous uses, 6 common, 3 wall. Hospital police - excellent in every particular. Hospital discipline - very good. Hospital diet and cooking - generally U. S. general hospital diet table; cooking arrangements ample and in excellent order. Hospital heat and ventilation - hospital tents arranged in wards of three, stove in center went, ventilation by tent doors, and slits in walls kept open. Hospital capacity - about 225. Number sick - in prison camp hospital, 217; in quarters, 380; total, 597. State of medical supplies and surgical instruments - sufficient and in good order. State of hospital records and accounts - very well kept. State of hospital fund - November 30, $114; purchases, exclusively articles of diet. Reports - well kept up and apparently accurate. Requisitions -

