
promptly filled. Medical attendance - sufficient and apparently skillful. Nursing - well done by convalescents. Interments - by quartermaster at distance of one mile and a quarter from camp and across a creek. Diseases local - none apparent. Diseases prevalent- chronic diarrhea, chronic dysentery, pneumonia. Diseases zymotic - variola (smallpox). Diseases, mitigation of - every facility that a well-conducted filed hospital can afford is employed. Diseases, prevention of - only measures lacking are want of drainage and want of enforced ventilation of tents in camp. Wounds and operations - but few mostly transferred to Hammond General Hospital. Recoveries and mortality from diseases and wounds - the monthly report for November shows the following aggregate number of sick, 2,900; aggregate deaths, 35; percentage of deaths, about 1. 2; average daily sick, 666; average daily number of sick since December 1,600; average deaths, 2. 5; percentage of deaths, about . 04 per diem.

Medical officers - Surg. James H. Thompson, U. S. Volunteers, in charge (the excellent condition of the hospital is proof sufficient of the efficiency of the surgeon in charge); two acting assistant surgeons; twelve Confederate physicians (these last are enlisted men, but are educated physicians, and are said by Doctor Thompson to perform their duties with alacrity and skill); nine are assigned to duty in the camp, one to each division; two are employed in the hospital, and one as dentist.

There are two great faults to be found with this camp, viz, imperfect drainage and crowding the tens too near together. In regard to the drainage each tent has a shallow ditch around it leading into a ditch running along the side of the street. These main ditches are not kept cleared, nor are their outlets well designed or properly attended to. This, in my judgment, might be obviated, and the camp effectually drained, notwithstanding the unfavorable nature of the ground, by an officer with a moderate amount of engineering talent. The tents are so pitched that except on the streets few are more than two feet apart while the bases of many nearly touch. The streets are being leveled and covered with coarse gravel, of which there is an abundance. Many of the tents are built up at the sides and some are floored with material obtained from cracker boxes; many are floored with gravel, packed hard. None of the tents are excavated; a few have been, but are now removed. Nearly all the tents are provided with fireplaces and chimneys built of bricks manufactured by the prisoners. No wood has yet been issued to the prisoners for fuel, but they are sent out in squads into the woods to cut down stumps, &amp;c. In this way they procure an abundant supply, and in many of the tents they have piled away stores of it. In several tents I saw piles containing at least half a cord, and taking up room the tent which might have been more advantageously occupied by the inmates. As a general rule the men and their clothing are dirty, and strict washing and would be issued and enforced. The sink arrangements are not properly attended to. The day sinks are insufficient in number, and the night sinks are insufficient in number and not promptly emptied in the morning. They are, however, even in their present management, insufficient superior to the excavated sinks, for the tide promptly washes the offal away. Every man, I am informed, has at least one blanket and many have more.

The cook-houses are situated on the west side of the camp, and are nine in number, but six of which are at present in use, the remainder being used as store-houses. Each of these buildings is about 160 feet long by 24 feet wide. About 25 feet in length is partitioned off for the

