
kitchen, which is furnished with five 40-gallon caldrons with a total capacity for the whole of 9,600 pints of soup per diem. The remaining room in each cook-house is furnished with tables and table furniture as a mess-room for 1,500 men, accommodating 500 at a time. The cooking utensils and table furniture are in excellent order, and the kitchens and mess-rooms in good police. They should, however, be well whitewashed inside. The cooks sleep in a sort of loft over the kitchen. There is a well at each cook-house, but the water is poor. The rations are sufficient and good, consisting of meat, potatoes, or rice, soup and hard bread for dinner, and hard bread and tea or coffee for breakfast and supper.

The hospital is located on the southern side of the camp. The tents are arranged in wards of three on either side of well ditched and graveled street of about fifty feet wide. The wards are in an excellent state of police, well warmed and tolerably well ventilated. With but very few exceptions the patients are on iron bedsteads, the exceptions being on well-built wooden bunks. The men look clean and comfortable; the clothing is clean and in good order, though the surgeon in charge complaints that until very recently it has been impossible to obtain a sufficient supply of underclothing. The quartermaster has now filled his requisitions. It is highly important that the hospital tents be floored; at present by tone tent is so. At the eastern extremity of the street is the laundry, which was in active operation at the time of my visit. The cook tent containing one large stove and a large caldron, cooking and table apparatus in sufficient quantity and in very good order. The dead-house in good order, and at a distance of about 100 yards from the rest of the hospital; the quarantine ward of three tents, in which are placed the patients suspected of smallpox until they are sent to the contagious hospital, and also such patients as are returned as convalescent from that hospital, until all danger from contagion has passed away.

The dispensary is at the eastern end of the street. It is administered by three rebel acting hospital stewards, under the supervision of the chief steward, and is kept in very good order. A sufficient supply of medicines for each day's use only is kept here, to prevent waste or misapplication. The office tent is in very good order and the books very well kept. When the wards of the camp hospital become overcrowded patients are transferred to the Hammond General Hospital near the camp. Every possible precaution to prevent the spreading of the smallpox is taken by vaccination and effectual isolation of the cases as soon as discovered. The disease is evidently on the decrease, for although numbers of cases still occur, the large majority are of the milder from, or varioloid.

The contagious hospital is located about three-quarters of a mile northwest of the prison camp, and entirely shut off from it by a barricade across a narrow neck of land leading to it, and well guarded by sentries. The ground is the most elevated about the point. It is under the charge of Asst. Surg. S. Bunton, Fifth [Second] New Hampshire Volunteers, assisted by one acting assistant surgeon and nine Confederate acting medical officers. The books are almost illegible, and the following is all I could clan from them: Average daily sick since December 1, 165; total deaths since December 1, 43; number of cases December 17, 168; number of deaths December 17, none. Present number of tents - Sibley, 8; common,35. Hospital fund November 30, $135. 31. No purchases.

The officer in charge of this hospital is utterly incompetent to fill his post. I found the tents huddled together and overcrowded, and not at all ventilated. An utter want of attention to police and a complete

