
disregard of the comfort and safety of the patients. The medical director of the district, Surgeon Heger, U. S. Army, visited the hospital with me, and on witnessing the condition of things, declared his intention of at once taking charge of the matter himself, putting the hospital into proper condition, and placing competent officer in charge. That this will be thoroughly and effectually done, I feel assured from the excellent effects of his administration in the camp and general hospitals; therefore I do not feel called on to offer any suggestions in the premises, except that the commanding general be directed to purchase a supply of the Ridgewood disinfectant powder for use in camp and hospitals.

Respectfully submitted.

A. M. CLARK,

Surgeon and Acting Medical Inspector Prisoners of War.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA, December 22, 1863.

Brigadier General C. A. HECKMAN,Commanding Forces at Newport News:

Herewith inclosed please find an order for Captain Belger, Rhode Island battery, to proceed to Point Lookout to report to Brigadier-General Marison for duty. * The reason of or this move is that that country has been added to this department and an attack by the rebels is apprehended to release the prisoners now confined there. I also inclose you a copy of the telegraphic order extending the limits of this department. *

By command of Major-General Butler:

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. DAVIS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF HENRICO, Richmond, December 22, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

SIR: In obedience to instructions I have the honor to report that the following officers have been selected from among the Federal prisoners confined here "to undergo hard labor during the war in the penitentiary at Salisbury, N. C., for a like number of our own officers confined in the penitentiary at Alton, Ill. " and that they will be immediately sent to Salisbury, to wit:

Edward E. Chase, captain, First Rhode Island; Julius B. Litchefield, captain, Fourteenth Maine; Charles S. Kendall, captain, First Massachusetts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

I supposed these men were imprisoned in retaliation for the treatment of certain naval officers, but it seems the purpose was retaliation for a different outrage by the Federal authorities.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

