
MILITARY PRISON, Alton, Ill., December 23, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington:

COLONEL: In reply to your letter, of 17th instant, relative to money matters between prisoners and sutler, I have the honor to state that no prisoners in my charge holds sutler's tickets except such as have given orders on me as commandant of the prison for money in my hands belonging to them. Please find inclosed one of sutler's tickets. * When prisoners are released or transferred they receive the amount due them on tickets at my desk in greenbacks, and in no instance have I heard an expression of dissatisfaction on the part of prisoners relative to their dealings with the sutler. On the contrary, all express themselves as being highly satisfied. I have taken special pains to ascertain in person the views of prisoners as to the sutler's dealings with them, and I am highly pleased to learn that the sutler has given them entire satisfaction. Very few of the prisoners have gold. When they do they get the fact of the coin in greenbacks. Premium goes to prison fund. Colonel John C. Carlin expended with the sutler all the funds he had when captured. Have the kindness to inform me whether the premium on gold retained from prisoners shall be refunded them.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. KINCAID,

Colonel, Commanding Prison.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA, Fort Monroe, December 23, 1863.

Hon. ROBERT OULD,Commissioner of Exchange, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I inclose two papers the contents of which will explain themselves, and perhaps you will be able by forwarding them to relieve the anguish of an afflicted family. +

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA, December 23, 1863.

Major General W. B. FRANKLIN,

Commanding U. S. Troops in Western Louisiana:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 19th instant, inclosing the affidavit of one E. J. Comer, touching the alleged cruel treatment of certain U. S. officers at Monroe and Shreveport, has been received. ++

In reply I have the honor to state that the rumors upon which Comer's affidavit is based are utterly without foundation, and that I have to regret that Major-General Banks has thought them of sufficient importance to call my attention to them, particularly considering the improper language in which the affidavit is couched.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding, C. S. Army.

---------------

*Not inclosed; see Hoffman to Kincaid, December 31, p. 803.

+Inclosures not found.

++See p. 542.

---------------

