
I have written to Major Levy, in an accompanying letter, that we have not been able to detect the men who stole your halters while under our protection at the "Red House," and that I have sent to your care four complete sets of halters and one pair saddle-bags, to make good the loss, and my sincere regrets that such an occurrence should have taken place under a flag of truce. The saddle-bags, I trust, will answer your purpose, captain, as well as the pair you lost, and please see that the halters are given to those to whom should most properly belong.

I trust the little articles you desired from Mrs. Devalcourt will safely reach your hands.

Are you aware that the fire of your troops upon the Mississippi River boats caused the death of some women and children? I do not mention this officially, as I am sure you regret it as much as I do.

Truly, yours,

E. L. MOLINEUX,

Colonel and Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Nineteenth Army Corps.

P. S. - This postscript is to notify you of the arrival of the prisoners of war from New Orleans to this point. We trust you will hasten forward the exchange as rapidly as possible.

E. L. M.

Colonel and Commissioner.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,

Richmond, Va., December 23, 1863.

ROBERT H. WYNNE,

Doorkeeper of the House of Representatives

of the Congress of the Confederate States:

You are hereby commanded to summon, without delay, Captain R. M. Booker, witness, to appear before the Committee on Quartermaster's and Commissary Departments, the same being a committee of said House of Representatives, at their rooms, over Taylor's music store, corner Tenth and Main streets, in said city, on the 28th day of December, A. D. 1863, at 5 p. m. ; that he, the said Booker, shall then and there testify before said committee in a matter for investigation referred to them in relation to alleged failure to furnish Yankee prisoners with a sufficiency of wholesome food.

Herein fail not, and have you then and there this summons, with your indorsement on the same.

WALTER PRESTON,

Chairman.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 24, 1863.

Major General B. F. BUTLER, Commanding, &amp;c., Fort Monroe:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a statement by Doctor Forrester in reference to the condition under which Captain McKee was surrendered prisoner of war.

I respectfully request your efforts to obtain, through Mr. Ould, as a first step toward the exchange of Captain McKee, a compliance with the condition of his capture.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major General of Vols., Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

