
will be put in a satisfactory condition. Please give this matter your attention.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., December 24, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM WALLACE,

Commanding Camp Chase Prison, Columbus, Ohio:

COLONEL: As the molasses ration, according to the new regulations, has been changed to a daily ration of one quart per 100 rations, I am directed by the Commissary-General of Prisoners to request that hereafter the issue to prisoners of war may be in accordance with the same, instead of four quarts per 100 rations twice a week, as heretofore issued. Tea may be issued in lieu of coffee, in the proportion provided for by regulations, with such deduction in the ration as may be deemed proper by you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Colonel Charles V. De Land, commanding Camp Douglas, Ill. ; Colonel A. A. Stevens, commanding Camp Morton, Ind. ; Colonel G. W. Kincaid, commanding Alton military prison, Ill. ; Lieutenant Colonel J. O. Broadhead, provost-marshal-general, Saint Louis, Mo. ; Lieutenant Colonel W. S. Pierson, commanding Johnson's Island, Ohio; Captain W. Barr, Saint Joseph, Mo. ; Captain S. E. Jones, Louisville, Ky. ; Captain J. P. Langdon, Columbus, Ky. ; Captain Levi Ruggles, Kansas City, Mo. ; Colonel C. S. Merchant, Fort Wood, New York Harbor; Captain G. C. See, Springfield, Mo. ; Lieutenant Colonel George R. Clarke, Camp Butler, Ill. ; Brigadier General G. Marston, commanding depot prisoners of war, Point Lookout, Md. ; Brigadier General A. Schoepf, commanding Fort Delaware, Del.)
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,

Fort Monroe, December 25, 1863.

Honorable ROBERT OULD,

Commissioner of Exchange of the Confederate Authorities:

SIR: I send by Major Mulford, assistant commissioner of exchange, 502 prisoners of war from the Confederate Army from Point Lookout- all, I believe, serviceable men and substantially those longest there in confinement.

I offer them for delivery at City Point upon condition of receiving the same number of men held by your authorities as prisoners of war from our Army, leaving all questions of difference in controversy between your authorities and my Government for the present in abeyance.

I have made personal examination of the condition of the prisoners of war of the Confederate Army now in prison at Point Lookout, and beg leave to assure you that they are as well cared for, and in as good health, and as well fed as the soldiers in our Army.

