
POINT LOOKOUT, SAINT MARY'S, VA.,

December 24, 1863.

This is to certify that Sergts. W. A. Thomp. Oliver, R. M. Brooks, John D. Palmer, William T. Johnson, C. P. Mooring, and Thomas Otis, members of the Confederate Army, now held as prisoners of war at this point, personally appeared before me, and the above minutes of the conversation held between themselves and Major General B. F. Butler, of the U. S. Army, being in my hearing read to them, they each of them affixed their signatures as above, and thereupon after being witnessed they each of them were by me sworn and declared that the statements herein contained were true, to the best of their knowledge, information, and belief, and were truly stated herein.

H. Q. SARGENT,

Lieutenant, Twelfth New Hampshire Volunteers,

Judge-Advocate, General Court-Martial.

FORT MONROE, December 27, 1863. (Received 11. 30 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Is there any objection to my enlisting as many prisoners as may desire to do so after they know they can be exchanged either in the regular or volunteer force of the United States or that of any State?

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAS DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., December 27, 1863.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK, Commissioner of Exchange:

SIR: I have this day received from Major General B. F. Butler a copy of a communication to him, signed by yourself as commissioner for the exchange of prisoners, in which it is stated that by the authority and orders of the U. S. Secretary of War Major General B. F. Butler was appointed 'special agent for the exchange of prisoners of war at City Point. "

You are doubtless aware that by proclamation of the President of the Confederate States Major General B. F. Butler is under the ban of outlawry. Although we do not pretend to prescribe what agents your Government shall employ in connection with the cartel, yet when one who has been proclaimed to be so obnoxious as General Butler is selected self-respect requires that the Confederate authorities should refuse to treat with him or establish such relations with him as properly pertain to an agent of exchange. The proclamation of President Davis forbids that General Butler should be admitted to the protection of the Confederate Government, and he cannot therefore be received under a flag of truce. Accordingly, I am directed by the Confederate authorities to inform you that Major General B. F. Butler will not be recognized by them as an agent of exchange.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

