
of the Tenth Connecticut Volunteers, who was taken prisoner during said action, and who has since been returned to his regiment, give me assurance satisfactory to my own mind that between 50 and 100 enlisted men of this regiment were taken prisoners during said action. This, coupled with Jeff. Davis' proclamation that he would not treat blacks or their officers as prisoners, furnishes the strongest circumstantial evidence that a large number, say between 50 and 100, were taken and are now held by the rebels. Chaplain Trumbull made the statement I have referred to Major James Sturgis, assistant adjutant-general to John A. Andrew, Governor of Massachusetts.

I have no evidence that any officer or enlisted man of this regiment has been treated by the rebels in a barbarous manner. The killed, wounded, and missing were killed, wounded, and taken prisoners, as far as I am able to ascertain, in fair fight.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. N. HALLOWELL,

Colonel, Commanding Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 52. Vicksburg, Miss., December 29, 1863.

The following circular has been issued by the major-general commanding, and is now published in general orders for the information and guidance of all parties interested, who will make a not of it and govern themselves accordingly:

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

] PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICER,

] Vicksburg, Miss., December 27, 1863.

The following-named persons-Miss Kate Barnett, Miss Ella Barnett, Miss Laura Latham, Miss Ellen Martin, Mrs. Moore-having acted disrespectfully toward the President and Government of the United States, and having insulted the officers, soldiers, and loyal citizens of the United States who had assembled at the Episcopal Church in Vicksburg on Christmas day for divine service by abruptly leaving said church at that point in the services where the officiating minister prays for the welfare of the President of the United States and all others in authority, are hereby banished, and will leave the Federal lines within forty-eight hours, under penalty of imprisonment.

Hereafter, all persons, male or female, who, by word, deed, or implication, do insult or show disrespect to the President, Government, or flag of the United States, or to any officer or soldier of the United States, upon matters of a national character, shall be fined, banished, or imprisoned, according to the grossness of the offense.

By order of Major-General McPherson:

JAMES WILSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal Seventeenth Army Corps.

By order of Major General James B. McPherson:

W. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, December 29, 1863.

Judge OULD, Commissioner of Exchange, Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: I beg to call your attention to the condition of the troops of this State on the Chowan River under the command of Colonel Hinton. As you will see by the letters from a Yankee general by the name

