
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., December 30, 1863.

Brigadier General G. J. STANNARD,

Commanding U. S. Forces, City and Harbor, N. Y.:

GENERAL: I am informed by Colonel Burke, commanding Fort Lafayette, that there are some sick and wounded prisoners of war in his charge who require better treatment than can be given them at the fort, and I have therefore to request you will order them transferred to the hospital at Fort Wood.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS COMMANDER OF THE POST,Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill., December 30, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington City, D. C.:

COLONEL: In reply to your letter of December 19, 1863, inclosing extract of letter from Dr. Montrose A. Pallen, I have the honor to report:

That all the prisoners of war at this camp are quartered in barracks which are warmed by coal stoves. They receive a good supply of rations, and are generally sufficiently clothed. They are well cared for in hospital and receive every medical attention. On my taking command here I found abuses existing in the commissary supplies, such as short weight in beef, &amp;c., which is now being corrected.

As the best evidence of the condition of the prisoners of war, I send inclosed:

First. Statements of the rebel sergeants in command of each squad of the prisoners of war, with a synopsis of the whole.

Second. Report of the surgeon in charge at this post.

Third. Report of Captain Rhins, my commissary of prisoners, who has immediate control of the prisoners. The originals of the above papers I have retained, and furnish you with copies, duly certified. These papers, I conceive, will fully comply with the requisition in your letter of December 19.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

WM. W. ORME,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, January 4, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major General E. A. Hitchcock, commissioner for exchange.

The accompanying circular* will show what orders have been given in reference to providing clothing for prisoners and under what circumstances it is to be issued.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

---------------

* See Vol. IV, this series, p. 152.

---------------

