
[Inclosures.]

Sergeant-major Second Kentucky, please answer in writing on the intervening space the following questions:

1. How many men have you in your squad?

Four hundred and ten.

2. How many of those are now sick in hospital, detached, and in confinement?

Fourteen in hospital, ten detached, ten confined.

3. How many are there for whom you draw rations?

For 376.

4. Are there bunks for all men now in your quarters; if not, how many need bunks?

A sufficiency of bunks.

5. How many blankets, quilts, and comforts have you in your squad?

Average two to a man, with a few exceptions amounting to twenty men.

6. About how much clothing has your squad received since it came to this camp?

A majority of the men have received one suit from home or friends; about twenty-five have received nothing.

7. Do you draw rations regularly or not?

I am informed by the commissary that we do.

8. What is the quality of the rations drawn?

I am informed by the commissary of squad until recently they were inferior, especially sugar and coffee.

9. How do the number of rations ordered compare with the number of men reported by you "for duty" and 'sick in quarters?"

I am informed that the number is favorable.

10. Is there, to your knowledge, any defect in the amount of rations issued by the post commissary, taking the order as a basis?

I am informed by the commissary of squad there is no defect in commissaries drawn from post commissary, but invariably a deficiency in number of pounds of beef drawn from contractor.

11. Do your men receive prompt medical attendance when reported sick?

Receive very prompt attention.

H. H. BARLOW,

Sergeant-Major Second Kentucky Cavalry.

CAMP DOUGLAS, December 26, 1863.

Captain RHINES, Commissary of Prisoners, Camp Douglas:

SIR: In Sergeant-Major Barlow's report, day before yesterday, he said the rations up to lately had been bad, which would leave you to think all was bad. This has not been the case. Flour, meal, potatoes, hominy, candles, soap, and bacon, with few exceptions, have been good, and no complaint made of them. The coffee we used to get is, I believe, preferred by the men. The rations we receive now, and for some time back, is as good as we should desire, with the exception of beef, which does not hold out in weight, and inferior parts of the beef

