
generally. I make this statement, as the report he gave you was not as full as I should have made it, I being busy at the time drawing rations.

Yours, with respect,

R. S. MASSKEN,

Commissary-Sergeant, Second Kentucky Cavalry.

Sergeant-major Third Kentucky Cavalry, please answer in writing on the intervening space the following questions:

1. How many men have you in your squad?

There are 266 men in the Third Kentucky Cavalry.

2. How many of those are now sick in hospital, detached, and in confinement?

Nine sick in hospital, five on detached service.

3. How many are there for whom you draw ration?

We draw rations for 252 men.

4. Are there bunks enough for all men now in your quarters; if not, how many need bunks?

There are bunks for all my men.

5. How many blankets, quilts, and comforts have you in your squad?

We have 400 blankets in regiment, all sent by friends.

6. About how much clothing has your squad received since it came to this camp?

The regiment has received about 100 suits from Kentucky.

7. Do your men draw rations regularly or not?

We draw our rations regularly.

8. What is the quality of rations drawn?

Sugar indifferent, except two or three times; meal indifferent, flour moderate, beef indifferent, bacon good, coffee indifferent, potatoes-, others good.

9. How do the number of rations ordered compare with the number of men reported by you "for duty" and 'sick in quarters?"

They fall short sometimes as many as six.

10. Is there, to your knowledge, any defect in the amount of rations issued by the post commissary, taking the order as a basis?

There is always a deficiency in the beef, varying from thirty to fifty pounds. I cannot speak positively about the others, but when we draw for four days we always lack rations for the last day.

11. Do your men receive prompt medical attention when reported sick?

The men most generally receive prompt attention.

P. BUTLER TURPIN,

Sergeant-Major Third Kentucky Cavalry.

Sergeant-major Fifth Kentucky, please answer in writing on the intervening space the following questions:

1. How many men have you in your squad?

Two hundred and fifteen.

