
10. Is there, to your knowledge, any defect in the amount of rations issued by the post commissary, taking the order as a basis?

There is no defect except in beef.

11. Do your men receive prompt medical attendance when reported sick?

They do.

S. S. SNOW,

Sergeant-Major Seventh Kentucky Cavalry.

Sergeant-major Eighth Kentucky, please answer in writing on the intervening space the following questions:

1. How many men have you in your squad?

Three hundred and eighty-four.

2. How many of those are now sick in hospital, detached, and in confinement?

Twenty-seven.

3. How many are three whom you draw rations?

Three hundred and fifty-seven.

4. Are there bunks for all men now in your quarters; if not, how many need bunks?

The bunks are sufficient since the recent fitting up.

5. How many blankets, quilts, and comforts have you in your squad?

About 625.

6. About how much clothing has your squad received since it came to this camp?

None has been issued. I suppose about 200 suits have been sent to individuals by friends, beside underclothing. A good deal of it was taken according to recent orders.

7. Do you draw rations regularly or not?

We draw beef three times a week, other rations twice.

8. What is the quality of rations drawn?

Flour good, meal inferior, bacon and pork good, beef inferior, consisting of necks and shanks; coffee and sugar inferior, potatoes and hominy good.

9. How do the number of rations ordered compare with the number of men reported by you "for duty" and 'sick and quarters?"

There is a slight falling off in the number of rations. For instance, this morning 357 men were reported in the quarters, while rations were issued for only 350.

10. Is there, to your knowledge, any defect in the amount of rations issued by the post commissary, taking the order as a basis?

There is; none of the rations hold out. The orders call for one pound beef, three quarters of bacon or pork; the issue never exceeds three-quarters of first or half of second; the sugar is deficient, and, in fact, all other rations.

11. Do your men receive prompt medical attendance when sick?

The do.

Respectfully,

J. D. HUNT,

Sergeant-Major Eighth Kentucky Cavalry.

