
Sergeant-major Tenth Kentucky, please answer in writing on the intervening space the following questions:

1. How many men have you in your squad?

Two hundred and twenty.

2. How many of these are now sick in hospital, detached, and in confinement?

Five sick in hospital, nine in quarters.

3. How many men are there for whom you draw rations?

Two hundred and fifteen.

4. Are there bunks for all now in your quarters; if not, how many need bunks?

Yes.

5. How many blankets, quilts, and comforts have you in your squad?

One hundred and eighty-eight blankets.

6. About how much clothing has you squad received since it came to this camp?

7. Do you draw rations regularly or not?

I do.

8. What is the quality of rations drawn?

In some articles it is good. Sugar and coffee have been defective, but are not now; meat is sound; the beef issued is from the fore-quarters and flanks; we receive none of hind-quarters of beef.

9. How do the number of rations ordered compare with the number of men reported by you "for duty" and 'sick in quarters?"

It generally tallies.

10. Is there, to your knowledge, any defect in the amount of rations issued by the post commissary, taking the order as a basis?

There is an average deficiency of twenty-five pounds per day in beef and twenty pounds in pork or bacon. It is proper to say that there may be honest difference in the scales of the commissary and my squad. By our scales the bread holds out.

11. Do your men receive prompt medical attendance when report sick?

They do.

N. PASTERS,

Sergeant-Major Tenth Kentucky Cavalry.

Sergeant-major Fourteenth Kentucky Cavalry, please answer in writing on the intervening space the following questions:

1. How many men have you in your squad?

Whole number, 159.

2. How many of those are now sick in hospital, detached, and in confinement?

Seventeen men.

3. How many of them for whom you draw rations?

One hundred and forty-two men.

4. Are there bunks for all men now in your quarters; if not, how many need bunks?

There are not enough bunks. Numbers 8 barracks have forty-four bunks and ninety-five men in barracks; the balance of squad is scattered.

