
5. How many blankets, quilts, and comforts have you in your squad?

Whole squad have 207. Need many more.

6. About how much clothing has your squad received since it came to this camp?

About one-third have received clothing. We need more to make the men comfortable this winter.

7. Do you draw rations regularly or not?

We do; our rations are given us in two drawings, three and four days each.

8. What is the quality of the rations drawn?

The quality of the rations is as follows: Flour, inferior; beef, flanks, shanks, and necks; coffee, spoiled; meal and bacon, good; others, fair.

9. How do the number of rations ordered compare with the number of men reported by you "for duty" and 'sick in quarters?"

The requisition would be amply sufficient, but we think we do not get full weight.

10. Is there, to your knowledge, any defect in the amount of rations issued by the post commissary, taking the order as a basis?

None that I know of for a certainty.

11. Do your men receive prompt medical attendance when reported sick?

Invariably very prompt.

Respectfully,

E. D. BURKE,

Sergeant-Major Fourteenth Kentucky Cavalry.

Sergeant-major Fifteenth Tennessee Cavalry, please answer in writing on the intervening space the following questions:

1. How many men have you in your squad?

One hundred and sixty-five.

2. How many of those are now sick in hospital, detached, and in confinement?

Four in hospital; detached, 19; total, 23.

3. How many are there for whom you draw rations?

One hundred and forty-two.

4. Are there bunks for all men in your quarters; if not, how many need bunks?

The number of bunks is sufficient.

5. How many blankets, quilts, and comforts have you in your squad?

Blankets, quilts, and comforts, 185.

6. About how much clothing has your squad received since it came to this camp?

As near as I can ascertain the number of suits is fifty-five; the cottonade jackets, substitute for coats, are very uncomfortable for the season; many men are suffering for clothes.

7. Do you draw rations regularly or not?

We draw rations regularly, but very irregular.

8. What is the quality of the rations drawn?

Very good, excepting beef and coffee, which are bad.

50 R R-SERIES II, VOL. VI.

