
9. How do the number of rations ordered compare with the number of men reported by you "for duty" and 'sick in quarters?"

The number of rations ordered for the past ten days lack nine of being as many as there are men for duty and sick in quarters.

10. Is there, to your knowledge, any defect in the amount of rations issued by the post commissary, taking the order as a basis?

There is none except in the rations of beef.

11. Do your men receive prompt medical attendance when reported sick?

They receive prompt attention.

B. A. MOODY,

Acting Sergeant-Major Sixty-second North Carolina.

Sergeant-major Sixty-fourth North Carolina, please answer in writing on the intervening space the following questions:

1. How many men have you in your squad?

Two hundred and eighty-eight.

2. How many of those are now sick in hospital, detached, and in confinement.

Twelve in hospital and forty-three detached to work in camp.

3. How many are there for whom you draw rations?

Two hundred and thirty-three.

4. Are there bunks for all men now in your quarters; if not, how many need bunks?

Bunks enough, but need some hay in our bunks.

5. How many blankets, quilts, and comforts have you in your squad?

Two hundred and eighty-eight.

6. About how much clothing has your squad received since it came to this camp?

Twenty-two shirts, 20 plain slips, 35 pair of socks, 5 pair of pants, 42 pair shoes, and 3 coats.

7. Do you draw rations regularly or not?

We do.

8. What is the quality of the rations drawn?

Yellow corn-meal fair article, flour second quality, beef generally indifferent, pork, coffee, and sugar good.

9. How do the number of rations ordered compare with the number of men reported by you "for duty" and 'sick in quarters?"

Generally falls very short.

10. Is there, to your knowledge, any defect in the amount of rations issued by the post commissary, taking the order as a basis?

There is [not] except in meal and flour.

11. Do your men receive prompt medical attendance when reported sick?

They do.

CHAS. IRWIN,

Sergeant-Major Sixty-fourth Regiment North Carolina Volunteers.

