
5. How many blankets, quilts, and comforts have you in your squad?

As near as I can ascertain, 530 blankets and comforts, many of these are very much worn; 250 blankets would be a low estimate of the number actually seeded.

6. About how much clothing has your squad received since it came to this camp?

About 100 suits, 150 pair of those; all or nearly all the contributions of friends.

7. Do you draw rations regularly or not?

I do.

8. What is the quality of rations drawn?

Generally good. Sometimes the meal is inferior; beef very heavy for the size of pile.

9. How do the number of rations ordered compare with the number of men reported by you "for duty" and 'sick in quarters?"

There is a difference sometimes of ten to fifteen men owing, I suppose, to men returning from hospital.

10. Is there, to your knowledge, any defect in the amount of rations issued by the post commissary, taking the order as a basis?

Not having any means to test the accuracy of the weight a positive answer is impossible, but I think a liberal discount for wastage is generally made, but presume all are gentlemen connected with the department.

11. Do your men receive prompt medical attendance when reported sick?

Prompt attendance is generally given by Doctors Holloway and Cook, and all prescriptions promptly filled. They state, at present, a lack of a few medicines. Post surgeon has given general satisfaction.

FRANK P. GILLESPIES,

Sergeant-Major Squad 18.

Sergeant-major squad 21, please answer in writing on the intervening space the following questions:

1. How many men have you in your squad?

Ninety-one.

2. How many of those are now sick in hospital, detached, and in confinement?

Five in hospital, detached to work three; the latter three are marked transferred, but are still in barracks.

3. How many are there for whom you draw rations?

Eighty-three.

4. Are there bunks enough for all men now in your quarters; if not, how many need bunks?

There are forty-one bunks for ninety-one men, which compels, in some cases, three men to occupy one bunk. Some of the bunks have neither straw now hay.

5. How many blankets, quilts, and comforts have you in your squad?

Ninety blankets, mostly light and ragged; five quilts or comforts.

6. About how much clothing has your squad received since it came to this camp?

About thirty suits and about twenty pair of shoes, many of them furnished through the agency of friends.

