
7. Do you draw rations regularly or not?

I draw regularly with few exceptions.

8. What is the quality of the rations drawn?

Generally good; meal inferior for bread and beef heavy for size of piece.

9. How do the number of rations ordered compare with the number of men reported by you "for duty" and 'sick in quarters?"

Generally exact; when there is a deviation it is owing to mistake or to men changing quarters.

10. Is there, to your knowledge, any defect in the amount of rations issued by the post commissary, taking the order as a basis?

Having no position means of determining, I could not say with certainty; there seems to be plenty allowance for waste. I rely on the honor of the gentleman in charge to do justice to prisoners.

11. Do your men receive prompt medical attendance when reported sick?

They do; Dr. Pettus seems untiring; prescriptions are promptly filled.

O. W. MULLER,

Sergeant-Major Squad 21.

Sergeant-major squad 23, please answer in writing on the intervening space the following questions:

1. How many men have you in your squad?

One hundred and sixty-three.

2. How many of those are now sick in hospital, detached, and in confinement?

Eleven.

3. How many are there for whom you draw rations?

One hundred and fifty-two.

4. Are there bunks for all men now in your quarters; if not, how many need bunks?

There are bunks enough.

5. How many blankets, quilts, and comforts have you in your squad?

As near as I can come to it there are 160 blankets belonging to my squad-several have none.

6. About how much clothing has your squad received since it came to this camp?

Thirty blankets, 32 shirts, 24 drawers, 32 pair shoes, 32 pair socks, 36 knit jackets.

7. Do you draw rations regularly or not?

Yes, as regularly as necessary.

8. What is the quality of rations drawn?

Bacon or pork, corn-meal coarse but good, flour common, hominy good, coffee inferior, sugar common, balance good save the beef, which is bad.

9. How do the number of rations ordered compare with the number of the number of men reported by you "for duty" and 'sick in quarters?"

They frequently lack from 20 to 25 per cent, of holding out, by my hand balances, but I do not know that they are correct.

