
exchange, accompanies me as secretary. For the purpose of delivering the communication in person and conferring upon the subjects to which it relates I desire to proceed directly to Washington City in the steamer Torpedo, commanded by Lieutenant Hunter Davidson, of the C. S. Navy, no person being on board but the Honorable Mr. Ould, myself, and the boat's officers and crew.

Yours, most respectfully,

ALEXANDER H. STEPHENS.

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral.

U. S. FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Off Newport News, Va., July 4, 1863.

Honorable ALEXANDER H. STEPHENS, Military Commissioner:

SIR: Your communication of this date is received. I will report by telegraph your arrival and object and inform you of the result without delay.

Very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Actg. Rear-Admiral, Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

FORT MONROE, VA., July 4, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I have just received a communication directed to the officer in command of the U. S. forces here from Alexander H. Stephens, a duplicate of which was sent to Rear-Admiral Lee, and is now going over the wires to the Secretary of the Navy.

In the absence of General Dix at White House I will execute any order you may give me in relation to the communication. If the permission asked for is given I will, with your consent, offer the services of my dispatch-boat and accompany them to Washington. The boat they came in is a small tug.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

WASHINGTON, July 4, 1863.

Colonel LUDLOW:

You will, if it has not already been done, forward to Major-General Dix by express the copy of Jeff. Davis' dispatch sent him to-day; * also my telegram of this evening,+ and until you receive the President's instructions hold no communication with Mr. Stephens or Mr. Ould, nor permit either of them to come within our lines.

Our victory is complete. Lee in full retreat.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

BALTIMORE, July 4, 1863.

Doctor HAMMOND, Surgeon-General, Washington:

MY DEAR SIR: A friend writes me that the crowded state of the prisoners at Fort Delaware and the brackishness of the drinking water is proving very fatal to the occupants. He says they are dying at the

---------------

* See Stanton to Dix, 8 a. m., Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, p. 529.

+ See Stanton to Dix, 5 p. m., ibid., p. 529.

---------------

