
and I respectfully inquire if it can be returned to Richmond, Va., for the use of the prisoners of war at that place.

I remain, colonel, with much resect, your obedient servant,

ADRIAN R. ROOT,

Colonel ninety- fourth New York Vols., Commanding Camp Parole.

DALTON, January 1, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War;

SIR: I had the honor to receive your letter in relation to the trial of Captain Gurely by the military authorities of the United States. Lieutenant-General Hardee had written to Major- General Grant on the subject before your letter was received. This morning a reply to Lieutenant- General Hardee's letter was received from Major-General Grant. *

From this reply I suppose that Captain Gurley's trial has been ordered by the United States Government, and therefore transmit to you the letter in question, that you may address the U. S . military authorities on the subject.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

COLUMBIA, S. C., January 1, 1864.

[President DAVIS:]

DEAR SIR; It is in your power to remove or greatly mitigate the growing discontent and almost universal gloom that now pervade our people in many (nearly all) parts of the country. This is owing to influences that emanate from certain persons in power at Richmond; most especially General Winder. He is universally disliked, and by many detested. Coming from a State that has no sympathy with us, it is thought strange he should be put in a position where he can exert his influence for so much evil. His sympathies are wholly with Marylanders. He grants them favors denied to our own people; allows them to cross the lines at pleasure. In addition, he is charged with habitual drunkenness, accepting bribes for passports and permission to bring liquor into the city. He has greatly prejudiced our people by his profanity and abuse of all to whom, by bribery or for other causes, he is not made partial. The people are weary of such a main so prominent a position. it is in your power to give a better man to the office which Winder holds, and thereby I nacrous the affection of the people for yourself, and restore their confidence in our ultimate success.

With much resect,

T. O. STEVENS.

[Indorsements.]

SECRETARY OF WAR: I know nothing of the writer, and the want of specifications deprives his allegations of claim to consideration, unless his character may entitle his statement to it.

J. D.

JANUARY 15, 1864.

Numbers 1. - Can you learn who and what is this Mr. Stevens!

J. A. S.

File February 23, 1864.

---------------

*See p. 771.

---------------

