
rate of from ten to fifteen a day. Can this be so? I advise you of it that if you find it true you may direct the means of arresting it. If suffered it will be a libel on our good name. I do not know if the matter falls within your province, but if not, I am sure you will let those who should attend to it know what is said. Let me hear from you as soon as you can conveniently.

Yours, truly,

REVERDY JOHNSON.

[Indorsement.]

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE, July 6, 1863.

A true copy respectfully forwarded for the information of Colonel W. Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners. Medical Inspector Cuyler has been instructed to inspect Fort Delaware and report fully the truth of these statements.

By order of the Surgeon-General:

JOS. R. SMITH,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.

FORT MONROE, July 4, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

COLONEL: I herewith inclose to you a copy of letter just received which I desire shall be submitted to the General-in-Chief. * Please send me if possible by return mail his decision whether the proposition of Mr. Ould shall be accepted. That proposition is thus stated:

As Doctor Rucker has asked to have his trial postponed, let his case remain as it is and let us unconditionally release all other surgeons on both sides.

As Doctor Rucker's trial has been postponed at his own request and it is by no means certain when he will have it, the equities of the case seem rather to favor the discharge of Dr. Green held as his hostage.

There are nw confined in Fort Norfolk six surgeons and in Richmond eleven surgeons awaiting a decision of this question.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to the General-in-Chief.

W. HOFFMAN.

[Second indorsement.]

Were not the offenses alleged against Dr. Rucker committed in West Virginia, and therefore in territory in the military occupation of the United States? Colonel Hoffman will report what these alleged offenses are and where committed.

H. W. HALLECK.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, July 4, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I have been informed that you have refused to recognize paroles given prisoners captured from your command. I wish to know

---------------

* See June 23, p. 35. Another copy of the letter is dated July 1.

---------------

6 R R-SERIES II, VOL VI.

