
be thrown into temporary companies for such service as may not conflict with their paroles, and reported.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Lieutenant- Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Brigadier G en. John Echols, relative to the exchange of A. J. Stevenson sheriff of Nicholas County, under the bogus Virginia government. *

[Indorsements.]

JANUARY 2, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War.

My own conviction in this class of cases is clear that we should not be deterred from the arrest and detention of domestic traitors because the enemy seizes and holds one or more of our citizens as hostages for such parties. it is true that it is hard upon the hostages, but yet it is only one of the many forms of suffering which the cruelty and malignity of our foe inflict upon our people. Shall they be permitted by any resorts to interfere with our rights to administer criminal justice within our own limits!

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

Colonel Ould's opinion was concurred in by the Secretary of War january 7, 1864.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., January 4, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary- General of Prisoners:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to say that he authorizes the immediate issue on General Boyle's order of such clothing as is imperatively needed to prevent suffering amongst prisoners of war at Louisville without waiting for your formal approval of the requisitions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 4, 1864.

General BUTLER:

The Secretary of War directs that you forward as soon as practicable copies of the correspondence referred to in the following resolution of the House of Representatives:

Resolved, That if not incompatible with the public interest all communications in reference to the exchange of prisoners not heretofore published be communicated to this House by the Secretary of War.

Acknowledge receipt.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Echols letter not found.

---------------

