
OFFICE COMMISSARY- GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., January 4, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF, Commanding Fort Delaware, Del.:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs that you turn over to the officer who may be designated by the Secretary of the Navy to receive them such of the prisoners of war at Fort Delaware as will take the oath of allegiance and enlist into the Navy of the United States. A weekly report of prisoners so transferred will be transmitted to this office fort he information of the War Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary- General of Prisoners.

(Same to Brigadier General G. Marston, point Lookout, md., and Brigadier General W. W. Orme, Camp Douglas, Ill.)
HDQRS. CAVALRY OF WEST TENN. AND NORTH MISS.,Panola, January 4, 1864.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT, U. S . Army,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps, memphis, Tenn.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your favor of 31st ultimo, and respectful forward you herewith a list of Federal prisoners now in my camps; have the telegraphed to Grenada fort he balance to be sent to my headquarters with as little delay as possible. Will forward a list of them as soon as they arrive.

If not objectionable to yourself it would be more expeditious and less fatiguing to the prisoners now in my possession to make the exchange at some pont on the Mississippi and Tennessee Railroad, say at Hernando or at Farrar's, ten miles south of Memphis; also that you will set a time for the exchange several days hence in order that the balance of the prisoners now at Grenada may be exchanged also. George M. Robertson, who is reported in your list of officers as second lieutenant Company B, McDonald's battalion, is not and never was an office. He is a private, a deserter and a thief. in order to get him will give a man for him. He has represented himself falsely, as also have others on the same list belonging to Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry. They were men sent out to gather up absentees from the army and from their commands, but never were commissioned officers.

I respectfully inclose list* of those desired in exhale for your prisoners now in my camp. The balance I have will more that cover your entire list of privates. Am willing, however, when they arrive for exchange to turn you over any excess, with the understanding and assurance that you will release an send to me an equal number of my men when captured.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY- GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C. january 4, 1864.

Brigadier General W. W. ORME, Commanding Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 30th ultimo, reporting the condition of prisoners of war at

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

