
Camp Douglas, with accompanying papers. It appears from these papers that the rations usually issued to prisoners have habitually fallen short in weight, particularly in beef and bacon, and that some of the articles are of an inferior quality. I have therefore to request that you will have the whole matter of rations thoroughly investigated, to ascertain how fa and in what articles the provisions furnished have been inferior in quality to what is required by the contract; to what extent and in what articles the issues have been short in the number of rations and the weight of the articles, and to whose gain these deficiencies in quality and quantity inured . Please report through this office [as soon] as practicable, fort he information of the 	War Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary- General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY- GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., January 4, 1864.

Colonel A. R. ROOT, comdg. Camp Parole, Annapolis, Md.:

COLONEL: In reply to your communication of the 1st instant in relation to prisoners arriving from Richmond, Va., I am directed by the Commissary- General of Prisoners to request that you have he clothing you referred to cleaned.

Very resentfully, your obedient servant,

W. T . HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

RED RIVER LANDING, LA., January 4, 1864.

Major WILLIAM M. LEVY, C. S. Army, Commissioner, &amp;c.

SIR: As commissioner on the part of Major-General Banks, U. S. Army, for the exchange of prisoners, I am authorized to offer, and do hereby offer, to Major-General Taylor, C. S. Army, to deliver to him, upon the same terms as those agreed upon in the cartel this day executed by us,* all the prisoners recently captured by the U. S. forces in Texas, provided Major-General Taylor will procure the delivery to Major-General Banks of the prisoners captured from the forces of the United States at Galveston, Sabine Pass, and other points in Texas.

I am, major, very respectfully, &c.,

CHARLES C. DWIGHT,

Colonel 160th New York Volunteers, Commissioner, &c.

RED RIVER LANDING, LA., January 4, 1864.

Colonel CHARLES C. DWIGHT,

160th New york Volunteers, U. S. Army, Commissioner, &c:

SIR: In reply to your note of this date, offering on behalf of Major-General Banks, U. S. Army, to deliver to Major-General Taylor, C. S. Army, upon the same terms as those agreed upon in the cartel this day executed by us, all the prisoners recently captured by the U. S. forces in Texas provided Major- General Taylor will procure the delivery to Major- General Banks of the prisoners captured from the forces of the United States at Galveston, Sabine Pass, and other points, I have to state that I am not authorized to make any arrangements for the

---------------

*See p. 817.

---------------

