
exchange or delivery of prisoners captured by any other command than that of Major-General Taylor.

Efforts are now being made by Major- General Taylor to accomplish the object which you desire in this matter. I will communicate your offer to major-General Taylor and advise you at the earliest practicable moment of the result of these efforts.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILL. M. LEVY,

Major and Commissioner

On behalf of Major-General Taylor, C. S. Army.

RED RIVER LANDING, LA., January 4, 1864.

Colonel CHARLES C. DWIGHT,

160th new york Volunteers, U. S. Army, Commissioner, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: I am instructed by Major-General Taylor, C. S. Army, commanding District of Western Louisiana, to call your attention, and through you that of Major-General Banks, to the arrest and detention of citizens of the Confederate States holding no military position and in no manner connected with the army The assurances of Major-General Banks in correspondence heretofore had with him of his indisposition to hold as prisoners private citizens induces me with the greater confidence to refer to cases of this character with the hope that individuals thus held may be released. Among those who are detained I would cite Judge A. Voorhies, of Saint Martin's Parish; Mr. J. G. Pratt, of Saint Landry, and Mr. D. O'Brien, of Vermilion. All of these gentlemen are private citizens wholly disconnected with the army. Judge Vorhies is an associate justice of the supreme curt of Louisiana, elected in 1859, and has never been in the army, but has confined himself to his judicial duties. Mr. Pratt was formerly brigadier- general of the State militia, but for nearly a year has been disconnected with that position, ad long since vacated his commission. For many months previous to his arrest he had resided quietly at his plantation in Saint Landry, and at the time of capture was at home not expecting to be interfered with, as he was clearly a non-combatant. Mr. O'Brien was never in the military service of the Confederate States. Major-General Taylor instructs me to state that he sincerely desires there may be a discontinuance of the practice of making arrests of this character and detaining in custody private citizens, non- combatants, whom he does not regard as proper subjects for capture as prisoners of war, and would be glad to accede to some arrangements which would definitely settle a policy in this district putting a stop thereof.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILL. M. LEVY,

Major and Commissioner

In behalf of Major-General Taylor, C. S. Army.

CANTON, January 4, 1864.

Lieutenant- General POLK, Commanding, &c.:

Just received the following telegram from General Forrest at Como, via Suatobia, Miss.:

Send back the Federal prisoners if they have reached Canton under Captain Goodwin. I have effected an exchange with General Hurlbut at Memphis for our troops,

Answer immediately.

W. W. LORING,

Major-General.

