
arrival here they were put two in a cell of about eight by twelve feet, and the privilege was given for exercise in the prison yard of two hours in the morning and one in the afternoon, the prisoners giving their verbal parole of honor not to attempt to escape or take advantage of the privilege granted. This parole was violated by two of the number, who were caught making an attempt to escape, and the privileges to all canceled and the prisoners kept in close confinement. Now they are allowed exercise in the open air at irregular intervals and according to the weather. The officer in charge reports that the confinement appears to have a very injurious effect on their health. There are no vacant cells, so that if it were desirable to separate them and put them singly in cells it is impossible. When they have exercise now it is under the supervision of sentinels from the provost guard, in which little dependence can be placed.

Very respectfully,

W. T. H. BROOKS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., January 6, 1864.

Major General N. B. FORREST, C. S. Army,

Commanding Cavalry north Mississippi and West Tennessee:

SIR: I will deliver the equivalent of prisoners in your hands at Hernando on Thursday, the 15th day of January instant, if the full number is at that time in my control. if not, my exchanging officer will be authorized to receipt of the excess, to be returned at the first opportunity. I shall expect the same from you. Rolls of prisoners will be made in triplicate.

I shall feel it an obligation if you will cause a list of prisoners to be forwarded to me at as early a date as possible.

I have the honor of recommending to you that some evidence of rank and commission be furnished to Confederate officers, to prevent their imposing, as in the case of Robertson, of whom you speak in your letter.

I send herewith a letter in relation to the estate of Mrs. J. K. Polk, which I have already brought to the notice of Brigadier-General Chalmers, and which I desire may be forwarded to the proper officer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, U. S . Volunteers.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., January 7, 1864.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE, Chief of Staff, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to the instructions contained in your letter of December 31 ultimo, I left this city on the 1st instant, reached the mouth of Red River on the evening of the 2nd instant, and met the commissioner on the part of Major General R. Taylor at Red River Landing on the morning of the 4th instant. After an exhibition to each other of our respective credentials, we proceeded to confer upon the subject of an exchange of prisoners, and a short conference resulted in the execution by myself and Major William M. Levy, the commissioner on the part of Major-General

