
Taylor, of the cartel, in duplicate, one copy of which I have the honor to present herewith, and which will be seen to embrace all the prisoners heretofore captured, respectively, by and from the commands of Major-General Banks and Major-General Taylor. Some discussion was had in reference to a general cartel for the exchange of all prisoners hereafter to be captured by and from the same commands, but thereupon immediately arose the question of the exchange of the officers and men of the negro organizations, when Major Levy informed me that his instructions positively forbade him to make any agreement which should in any manner include the members of such organizations, and I informed him that my instructions equally forbade me to make any agreement which should in any manner exclude or discriminate against them. it was therefore apparent that no agreement fort he exchange of future captures could be made by us.

Major Levy declared that the cartel which was executed by us did not violate his instructions above mentioned, fort he reason that General Taylor had not, up to that time, taken any prisoners of the organizations referred to.

Accompanying the cartel, inclosed with this, will be found a correspondence between Major Levy and myself upon the subject of a proposed exchange of prisoners captured by and from the commands of Major-General Banks in Texas; also a letter from Major Levy, designed to call the attention of Major-General Banks tot he matter of the capture of non- combatants, and especially to the cases of Messrs. Pratt, Voorhies, and O'Brien, claimed to be non- combatant residents within the lines of the Confederate Army, lately taken prisoners by the forces of Major-General Banks. *

Having completed the business of my mission, I left the mouth of Red River on the 5th instant and arrived in this city on the evening of the 6th.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES C. DWIGHT,

Colonel 160th new york Volunteers, Commissioner, &amp;c.

[Inclosure.]

Cartel for the exchange of prisoners captured, respectively, from the commands of Major General N. P. Banks, U. S . Army, and Major General R. Taylor, C. S . Army, and for the parole and delivery of the excess of prisoners held by either of these officers.

RED RIVER LANDING, LA., January 4, 1864.

The undersigned commissioners, appointed, respectively, by Major General N. P. Banks, U. S. Army, and Major General R. Taylor, C. S. Army, for the purpose of arranging and agreeing upon a cartel for exchange of prisoners of war belonging to the above- mentioned commands, do hereby agree upon the following articles, viz:

I. The officers and enlisted men who have heretofore been captured, respectively, by and from the commands of Major General N. P. Banks, U. S. Army, and Major General R. Taylor, C. S. Army, in Western Louisiana, west of the Mississippi River, shall be exchanged, officer for officer, according to their several corresponding grades in service, and enlisted man for enlisted man, as far as the officers and enlisted men held by Major-General Banks and Major-General Taylor will enable such exchange per capita to be made.

---------------

*For this correspondence, see January 4, pp. 812, 813.

---------------

52 R R- SERIES II, VOL VI

