
II. The excess of officers and enlisted men, prisoners of war, belonging to either of the commands above mention ed, shall be delivered on parole not to bear arms or render any military service until regularly exchanged, under the terms and conditions hereinafter mentioned, their friends at the places herein selected, though said prisoners shall not be released from their paroles until regularly exchanged; and, in the event of the paroles of such prisoners not being recognized by their respective Governments, they shall be returned by Major General N. P. Banks, U. S. Army, or Major General R. Taylor, C. S. Army, as the said excess may have been delivered to one or the other of them.

III. This cartel is intended to embrace all the prisoners heretofore captured in Western louisiana by the forces of Major General R. Taylor, C. S. Army, from the command of Major General N. P. Banks, and those captured by the forces of Major- General Banks from the command of Major General Taylor, at any points in Western Louisiana, not heretofore exchanged or delivered on parole, including those captured at and near Fort Butler, La., in June, 1863.

IV. List of the prisoners herein embraced, who have been heretofore captured by either of the commands above mentioned, and whose exchange and delivery is herein provided for, shall be furnished respectively to each other by Major- General Banks and Major-General Taylor; and in the exchange and delivery of said prisoners any misnomers or failure to deliver according to said lists on account of death or escape of the prisoners shall be corrected at the time of delivery by the officers charged with the delivery, the spirit of the cartel not to be vitiated by any discrepancies or errors in such lists which may be fairly explained.

V. The point of delivery of the prisoners to be exchanged and paroled shall be the Red River Landing, near the mouth of the Red River, in the parish of Pointe Coupee; but, upon due notification of a desire to change the same by either of these commissioners, some other point may be selected by them.

VI. If prisoners belonging to the command of Major G en. N. P. Banks, heretofore captured by other forces in the Trans- Mississippi Department, Confederate States of America, than those of Major-General Taylor, or prisoners on parole within the district of Major-General Taylor, can, with the consent of the authorities having control of the same, be included in the terms of this cartel, due notice thereof shall be given by Major- General Banks and Major-General Taylor to each other, with a view to embracing them in the terms hereof.

VII. Colonel Charles C. Dwight, One hundred and sixtieth new York Volunteers, U. S. Army, commissioner on behalf of Major G ne. N. P. Banks, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Gulf, under authority vested in him by Major General N. P. Banks, U. S . Army, does hereby, in behalf of Major General N. P. Banks, commanding Department of the Gulf, ratify and approve the delivery of the excess of paroled prisoners by Major General R. Taylor, C. S. Army, to Major General William B. Franklin, U. S. Army, under the agreement entered into between Colonel E. L. Molineux and Major W. M. Levy, commissioners for exchange on behalf of Major-General Franklin and Major-General Taylor, respectively, and approves and ratifies the terms and conditions of said agreement.

VIII. The prisoners in excess, who may be delivered on parole as herein before mentioned, shall not be included in any cartel which may be entered into on behalf of the United States and Confederate States without due notification and the consent of Major-General Banks and

