
if such is the case, so that I may know in future how to act when I capture prisoners. I have also learned upon authority worthy of notice that you have threatened to have Captain James R. Chambers, General Beall's staff, who was a prisoner in your hands and made his escape, shot if recaptured.

Is this to be your policy in regard to prisoners who make their escape? It is certainly not in accordance with military usage or civilized warfare. I am loth to believe that you have inaugurated such policy, yet the information comes so direct and from such authority that I am, in justice to Captain Chambers and others, compelled to make this communication.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JNO L. LOGAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade, C. S. Troops.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF HENRICO, Numbers 160. Richmond, July 4, 1863.

* * * * *

VII. Captain T. P. Turner, commanding C. S. prison, is hereby directed to select by lot from among the Federal captains now in his custody two of that number for execution.

JOHN H. WINDER,Brigadier-General.

LIBBY PRISON, July 4, 1863.

Brigadier-General WINDER, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: Since I saw you I have received your communication of the 11th ultimo, in which you inform me that, notwithstanding the articles of capitulation between General Forrest and myself which guaranteed the protection of private property, my money would be seized and turned over to your Government. It is not my intention at this time to call in question the justice or injustice of your decision. I only desire to call your attention again to the fact that $850 taken from me here was money which I purchased of General Forrest while a prisoner of war, which purchase was made with money which General Forrest's quartermaster has paid to my surgeons for horses. I paid $20 per hundred to the surgeons for the money. Thus you will see that of the $850 only $170 of the amount was in my possession at the time of my capture.

Certainly there can be no claim of a right to take from a prisoner of war the profits (be they great or small) of a legitimate business transaction with his captor.

I should have written you before, but as you agreed when I saw you to write General Forrest in relation to the matter, I have delayed until now, hoping you would have the necessary evidence in the case to enable you to decide understandingly. In order to avoid the necessity of troubling you again, I wish, in case you decide to retain all my money, you would state what amount, if any, of said funds you will allow me for expenses while a prisoner, as I am now much in need of money and wish to make arrangements to replenish my purse from other sources in case you will not refund the necessary amount.

Very respectfully,

A. D. STREIGHT,

Colonel, U. S. Army.

