
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT- GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, January 9, 1864.

Judge H. LENNOX BOND, Baltimore, Md.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith Special Orders, Numbers 13, of this date, appointing you a commissioner to determine cases of state prisoners sent to Fort Delaware for confinement by the general commanding the Middle Department at Baltimore.

The Secretary of War desire your commission to decide which prisoners should be immediately released and which retained in confinement, and to report your opinion in each case to Brigadier-General Lockwood, commanding the department. General Lockwood is instructed to give you access to the records in his office bearing on the several cases. Will you please signify your acceptance or non- acceptance of the appointment by letter addressed to the Adjutant- General of the Army!

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Judge John C. King, Baltimore, Md.)
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, January 9, 1864.

Brigadier General G. MARSTON:

You will cause every prisoner at Point Lookout to answer one of the following questions, taking his answer, after the has heard them all:

First. Do you desire to be sent South as a prisoner of war for exchange!

Second. Do you desire to take the oath of allegiance and parole, a d enlist in the Army or Navy of the United States, and if so in which!

Third. Do you desire to take the oath and parole and be sent North to work on public works, under penalty of death if found in the South before the end of the war!

Fourth. Do you desire to take the oath of allegiance and go to your home within the lines of the U. S. Army, under like penalty if found South beyond those lines during the war!

You will adopt the form set forth in this book, and let each signature be witnessed, causing the oath and parole to be read to each man, the questions to be propounded to these men alone ad apart from any other rebel prisoner.

The book mentioned herein will be forwarded in a few days.

Truly, yours,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSIONER FOR EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, January 9, 1864.

Honorable ROBERT OULD,

Confederate Agent for Exchange, Richmond, Va.:

SIR; Be so kind as to inform me of the whereabouts and present condition of John W. Burns, Company H, Twelfth Massachusetts Volunteers, who was taken prisoner on the 11th of October, 1863, and is at present supposed to be in Richmond, Va.

I a, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General and Commissioner for Exchange.

