
[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 9, 1864.

Respectfully returned to General Winder, commanding, &amp;c.

Clothing and money for Confederate prisoners confined in the North can be safely forwarded via flag of truce.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

James M. Brown, Darlington District, S. C., inquires if he can send money to his son, who is a prisoner at Camp Chasek Ohio. *

[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 9, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

Federal money can be transmitted through this office to our prisoners in the North with comparative safety. Any package you may wish to send to your son, if intrusted to us, will be promptly forwarded.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS FORT DELAWARE, DEL., January 10, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, U. S. Army,Commissary- General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you of the abating of the smallpox. In two weeks the number was reduced from 178 to only 84, of which 60 of the latter will be discharged on next Saturday. No new cases have made their appearance for six days past, and only three deaths in seven days.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. CHOEPF,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, January 11, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER, U. S . Volunteers,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and N. Carolina, Fort Monroe, Va.:

SIR: By direction of the Secretary of War, Brigadier-General Lockwood, commanding Middle Department, has this day been instructed to send to you in irons Beall and his party, some fourteen number, now held in confinement in irons at Fort McHenry.

The Secretary directs that on receipt of Beall and his party you cause their irons to be removed preparatory to an investigation of their cases, which you will order, and that as soon as the irons are removed you immediately send notice of the fact to the rebel agent of exchange. Acknowledge receipt.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Brown's letter not found.

