
major, whom the surgeon in charge states to be a competent cook and to discharge his duties, as far as cooking is concerned, well. The kitchen and utensils, of which latter there is a sufficient supply, are, however, exceedingly dirty. Hospital clothing- there is an entire absence of hospital clothing, as drawers and shirts, which are very much needed and of which I have directed a proper supply be procured. Laundry- there is also an utter want of facilities for hospital laundry purposes. These, also, I have directed to be provided. Supplies- the supplies of medicines are kept well filled. There is a sufficient supply of blankets and of all utensils absolutely needed. Hospital fund- there is no hospital fund kept separately from the general prison fund, purchases for the hospital being made from the latter. These purchases have been judiciously made, though not to the extent in the purchase of vegetables, &amp;c., that is perhaps necessary. Of vegetables I have directed a larger supply to be issued. Attendance- the sick are attended by medical men (bearing line commissions) of their own army, under the supervision of the surgeon in charge. Statistics- the total number of prisoners during the month of December, 1863, was 2,625. Number of sick reported, 219; deaths, 18; percentage of deaths to number of prisoners, 68; percentage of deaths to number of sick, 8. 21. This is a large percentage of mortality and is, within, attributable to the causes before alluded to. Surgeon in charge- the remarks above made should not be construed to bear too heavily on the surgeon in charge, Dr. T. Woodbridge. His work shows him to be evidently a man of no mean professional ability. He is, moreover, of very kind and gentle temper, and this, together with his very limited acquaintance with military and hospital routine, renders him unfit to force obedience to his orders in the proper conduct of the hospital or in the sanitary management of the camp. If it were practicable for the Surgeon- General to assign a competent assistant surgeon to act as medical executive officer at the post, it would lighten Doctor Wood- bridge's labors and be of advantage to the post.

Guard, camps and hospital, troops- the present number of troops stationed at this post is 1,284, including officers, comprising the Hoffman Battalion, Ohio Volunteer Infantry, four companies; Twelfth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, six companies; Twenty- fourth Ohio Light Artillery, First Ohio Heavy Artillery, one battery each. Commandant of post, Lieutenant Colonel W. S. pierson, Hoffman Battalion. Quarters- the officers' quarters face the western wall of the prison yard at about 200 feet distance. The Hoffman Battalion occupy barracks just outside the northwestern corner of the prison inclosure. The cavalry (dismounted and acting as infantry) and artillery are encamped in tents near the northwestern shore of the island. The infantry barrack is an ordinary tow- story frame building divided into four rooms, each about forty- five by twenty- five by ten feet in dimensions; well heated by stoves; in tolerable state of police, and, as usual, utterly devoid of ventilation except by the side windows, of which there are eight in each room, with two additional in the outer end of each of the upper rooms. These windows are, of course, always closed. The cooking is done by company detail in a small lean- to on with end of the barrack. The cooking utensils are sufficient in quantity and quality, but, with the kitchens, not in very good order. cooking- the cooking appears to be done as well as it ordinarily is by men not familiar with the process. Hospital- the hospital is in excellent condition as regards police and general management, but is utterly unfitted for its present purpose both in size and construction. A new building should be erected at once. The

