
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT OF ALABAMA,

Montgomery, January 11, 1864.

His Excellency PRESIDENT DAVIS:

MY DEAR SIR: I have received the inclosed letter, which, though anonymous, is evidently a correct representation of the facts of the matter about which it is written. Gurley was a citizen of Alabama, in the Confederate service, and ought to be protected by the most prompt and stern retaliation. I need only call your attention to the matter to enlist your sympathies and prompt action.

I have the honor to remain, your friend and obedient servant,

T. H. WATTS,

Governor of Alabama.

[First indorsement.]

SECRETARY OF WAR:

Please consider and reply to Governor Watts.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[Second indorsement.]

The Department fully appreciates the condition of Captain Gurely and measures have been taken to bring his position to the notice of the Government of the United States. Communications have passed between the commanding general of the Department of Tennessee and Major- General Grant, of the Army of the United States, on the subject, which are on file in the Department. The Department holds itself bound to take every measure in its power to secure the safety of Captain Gurley or to vindicate his memory and its indignity to our Government if his life is taken.

[Inclosure.]

MADISON COUNTY, December 13, 1863.

Governor WATTS:

SIR: The inclosed slip in relation to Captain Frank Gurley was cut from the Cincinnati Daily Commercial. Frank Gurely is well known to the writer of this as an honorable, high- toned gentleman, modest, unassuming, and universally popular both as citizen and soldier. His gallantry as a soldier has been illustrated upon many hotly contested battle- fields and his generosity and humanity as a foe are well known to many of the enemy, and scores of the citizens of Jackson and Madison counties can bear testimony tot he fact.

Captain Gurley volunteered in August or September, 1861, in a cavalry company raised in this county and known as the Kelley Troopers, of which he was elected second lieutenant. The company was attached to Colonel Forrest's regiment and served under General A. S. Johnston in Kentucky. Upon the retreat of the army from Bowling Green, the regiment was ordered to Huntsville in March, 1862. While here Lieutenant Gurley was taken ill with typhoid fever and conveyed to his father's, eighteen miles east of Huntsville. Before his recovery all the country north of the river was occupied by General O. M,. Mitchel's forces, and the river itself closely picketed. This was the situation of the country when Gurley had sufficiently recovered to be fit for duty. It being difficult and hazardous in the extreme to attempt to cross the river and join his command, then at Corinth, he collected several of his company who, like himself, were at home on sick leave, and went to work fighting and annoying the enemy on every suitable occasion. Finding his force too small to do efficient service he obtained an order from General Kirby Smith, then in command of East Tennessee, to

