
Organization, discipline, and instruction involves, necessarily, the use of arms, these being indispensable for purposes of drill, for the enforcement of orders, and for the protection of the prisoners themselves. The lieutenant- general commanding, therefore, hereby orders all paroled prisoners, whether officers or men, belonging to the garrison of Vicksburg or Port Hudson, to report for duty within fifteen days at the paroled camp at Enterprise, or be held and treated as deserters.

By order:

L. POLK,

Lieutenant- General, Commanding, &amp;c.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, January 12, 1864.

The SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES:

In accordance with the request of the Senate conveyed in their resolutions of the 16th of December, 1863, desiring any information in my possession relative to the alleged exceptional treatment of Kansas troops when captured by those in rebellion, I have th honor to transmit a communication from the Secretary of War, accompanied by reports from the General- in- Chief of the Army and the Commissary- General of Prisoners, relative to the subject- matter of the resolutions.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, January 11, 1864.

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith copies of the reports of the General- in- Chief and the Commissary- General of Prisoners, made in response to the resolution of the Senate of the United States of the 16th ultimo, referred by you to this Department, requesting information relative to the treatment of volunteers from the State of Kansas taken prisoners by the rebels.

The resolution is herewith returned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Sub- inclosure Numbers 1.]

IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES,

December 16, 1863.

Whereas, it is positively stated by respectable parties, returned prisoners from the rebel States, that the volunteers from the State of Kansas, taken prisoners by the rebels are, and have been since the commencement of the rebellion, invariably put to death, when recognized as such, therefore.

Resolved, That the President of the United States be requested to communicate to Congress any information in his possession on this subject.

Attest:

J. W. FORNEY,

Secretary.

[First indorsement.]

DECEMBER 17, 1863.

Respectfully referred by the President to the Honorable Secretary of War.

JNO G. NICOLAY,

Private Secretary.

