
You will return, if you have them, officer for officer and man for man, the surplus on either side to be released from subsequent captures.

With this exchange I am compelled to close the system. My orders are such that after the conclusion of this transfer I shall not be permitted to receive or deliver prisoners by this irregular mode of exchange.

I take this occasion to acknowledge the courteous tenor of your communications, and remain,

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY- GENERAL OF PRISONERS

Washington, D. C., January 13, 1864.

Colonel A. J. JOHNSON,

Commanding Depot Prisoners of War, Rock Island, Ill. ;

COLONEL: I am directed by the Commissary- General of Prisoners to request that all prisoners of war under your charge may be informed that for the present no more discharges will be granted, but those who do not wish to be sent South of exchange may make application to you to that effect, and you will forward to this office semi- monthly, or oftener, rolls of all such applicants, giving the rank, regiment, and company, when and where captured, and in the column of remarks such other particulars as on examination you may think necessary to a proper understanding of the case. Cases which you may deem of an extraordinary character may be presented separately. No prisoners of war who have made application to be released, or who desire to remain North, will be sent South for exchange, unless under orders from this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Brigadier General N C. McLean, provost- marshal- general, Department of the Ohio, Cincinnati; Captain W. C. Thorpe, commanding, Wheeling, W. Va., and Captain M. Walsh, commanding Fort Wood, Bedloe's Island, New york Harbor.)

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C., January 14, 1864.

Mja. Gne. B. F. BUTLER, Commanding, &amp;c., Fort Monroe:

SIR: In answer to your telegram of yesterday in reference to the prisoners at Fort Delaware, Fort McHenry, and Capitol prison, I ma directed by the Secretary of War to say that he does not wish them sent to Point Lookout at present. Those at Johnson's Island are also detained fort he present by his order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commissioner for Exchange, &c.

