
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. U. S. FORCES Numbers 1. AT SANDUSKY AND JOHNSON'S ISLAND, Sandusky, Ohio, January 14, 1864.

I. In pursuance of orders from the General- in- Chief of the Army, the brigadier- general commanding the Third Division, Sixth Corps, assumes command of this post and Johnson's Island, and the troops thereat, and the charge of the prisoners of war on the island.

II. The Sixty- fifth and Sixty- seventh Regiments of New York Volunteers, the Twenty- third and Eighty- second Regiments of Pennsylvania Volunteers will be quartered on the island. The division quartermaster is charged with the furnishing of the necessary quarters. The One hundred and twenty- second New York regiment will be quartered in Sandusky until further orders.

III. Lieutenant-Colonel Pierson, commanding the battalion of infantry now on the island, will continue his administrative duties and his daily military duty in relation tot he prisoners of war until further orders.

* * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Terry:

ADAM E. KING,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

John R. Chambliss and others, House of Representatives [C. S.], ask that it be demanded that General Morgan's officers be treated as other prisoners of war. *

[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 14, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Winder.

Can some 80 or 100 officers be accommodated in the Salisbury penitentiary in a style corresponding to the treatment ours receive at Columbus, Ohio!

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

RICHMOND, January 14, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

In obedience to your request I beg leave to submit the following statement in regard tot he extraordinary treatment which I and a large number of the officers of my command have received at the hands of the enemy. After our capture, I and sixty- nine of my officers were carried to Columbus, Ohio, where we were scrubbed, our hair cut very close, and our beards shaved. We were then locked up in cells, where we remained for two days in solitary confinement. After that we were allowed the privilege of walking in the passageway upon which our cells opened, and which was twelve feet wide and about ninety feet long, but we were locked up every day at 4. 30 o'clock and released at 7 in the morning.

Our treatment was in all respects that of felons, except that we were not habited in the convict dress. Seventy others of my officers were

---------------

*Communication of Chambliss and others not found.

---------------

