
sent to Allegheny City penitentiary, where, as I learned, they received similar treatment. I was informed by General Burnside that this extraordinary treatment was in retaliation for the treatment which my Government had accorded to Colonel Streight and his officers, and that so soon as Colonel Streight and his officers were placed upon the footing of other prisoners of war we would be released and treated accordingly. These are briefly the facts in regard to our treatment, and I would respectfully request that you take such action in the matter as in your discretion you deem necessary and proper.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[JANUARY 15, 1864. - For General Orders, Numbers 6, Headquarters Cavalry Corps, Army of the Potomac, paragraph 1 of which is in following words:

Every guerrilla, or other rebel, wearing the uniform of a U. S. soldier, caught in the act of making war against any of the forces of this command, will be hung on the spot-

and revocation of same April 5, 1864, see Series I, Vol. XXXIII, pp. 383, 806.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY- GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., January 15, 1864.

Colonel G. W. KINCAID,

Commanding Military prison, Alton, Ill.:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 7th instant, reporting that many of the prisoners of war are willing and anxious to enlist in the U. S. service, and calling attention to a class of boys among the prisoners, is received, and in reply I have to ask your attention to the instructions already given as to how an under what circumstances prisoners may be discharge, and these instructions are intended to cover all cases.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary- General of Prisoners.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., January 15, 1864.

Honorable Z. B. VANCE, Governor of North Carolina:

MY DEAR SIR: The North Carolina troops are within the provisions of the cartel, and are fully entitled to the protection of the Confederate authorities. If any cruelties not warranted by the laws of war are inflicted upon them prompt retaliation will follow. Moreover, as these troops re acting upon your order, I see nothing to prevent you from retaliating upon any Yankees whom they may capture for any outrages which they may inflict upon your people.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

