
and at the same time that application be made for similar privileges for our own soldiers held as prisoners of war in the United States.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. CARRINGTON,

Medical Director.

FORT MONROE, January 16, 1864. (Received 6. 20 p. m.)

SECRETARY OF WAR:

Flag- of- truce boat from Richmond arrived. no views of interest of army movements. If you are not coming here, it may be necessary that I see you soon upon ex change business. I think we may have it within our control. Shall I come to Washington for a day, if necessary! Please say tot he President that the published copy of Mallory's report is genuine. I will have a copy next boat.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major- General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, January 16, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER, Fort Monroe:

It is uncertain when I can leave here. To avoid delay, you will come to Washington if a personal conference is necessary.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, January 16, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary- General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have thoroughly inspected McLean Barracks, the only prison at this post where prisoners of war or political prisoners are detained. Lieutenant-Colonel Eastman, First Infantry, commandant of the post, very kindly accompanied me on my inspection and gave immediate orders for the carrying out of the suggestions which I found it necessary to make. McLean Barracks is situated on West Third street, in this city, and consists of a large three- story brick building, formerly use as a German orphan asylum. The first floor is used as quarters and kitchen for the guard, and is in a tolerable state of police. The second floor contains the office and a room about fifteen by twenty by twelve feet in dimensions, for the detention of prisoners. This room has three windows, and is well heated by a large stove. Bunks for twenty p four men are arranged in there tiers around the room. The police is not very good. on this floor is also the prisoners; kitchen, containing a large cooking stove and an apparatus for heating water. The cooking utensils are sufficient and in very good order, but the general police of the kitchen is bad. The cooking is done by a detail from the prisoners. on the third floor is a large room, about twenty- five by thirty- five by ten feet in dimensions, and which at present contains twenty- seven prisoners. One corner of this room is partitioned off and contains two spies, with ball and chain. The room is well lighted and is warmed by two large stoves. There are no bunks, the prisoners spreading their blankets on the floor. The police of the room is very good. The sink is in the small back yard. it is a deep vault and very foul. The privy building is in a filthy condition. There is an abundant supply of water from the city works. No arrangement is made for the accommodation of the

