
As soon as the information relative to the hanging of the unfortunate man reached me I at first could not believe it, and directed Colonel Smith to send at once and ascertain the truth of the statement, the result of which is conclusive. (See document marked B.)

The body is now in my possession and I shall have it properly buried in my inclosure at 2	o'clock p. m. to- day, unless otherwise instructed by the commanding general.

Relative to the statement of the citizens of Paasquotank County (marked A), most of them are known to me, and those I know to be loyal I have marked (X) in red ink; the balance are what they term here neutral.

Trusting that my action in the case may meet with approval, and respectfully requesting information relative to the burial of the body by return messenger, I have the honor to remain, with high respect,

Your obedient servant,

SAMUEL P. SPEAR,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

A.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA,

Pasquotank County, January 13, 1864.

General GETTY:

DEAR SIR; We, the subscribers, regret to say that there was found this morning a dead man (and still hanging) in our neighborhood. As the inclosed scrip was found pinned to his back, will show you by whom it was done. We have made a suitable box and buried him near the place he was found hung. Should his friends wish to get his body they can get it by applying to any of the subscribers.

We trust that you will not attaching blame to any of the citizens of this neighborhood, as we were entirely ignorant of any of the circumstances until we found the body. From all we can learn he was brought across the Chowan River to this place, and as soon as the men who had him in charge had hung him they went back.

JAMES FORBES.

NEWTON C. JONES.

[AND NINE OTHERS.]

[Inclosure.]

NOTICE.

Here hangs Private Samuel Jones, of Company B, Fifth Ohio Regiment, by order of Major-General Pickett, in retaliation for Private Daniel Bright, of Company L, Sixty-second Georgia Regiment (Colonel Griffin's), hung December 18, 1863, by order of Brigadier-General Wild.

B.

HEADQUARTERS, Deep Creek, Va., January 16, 1864.

Colonel S. P. SPEAR, Commanding Division:

COLONEL: According to instructions, I sent out a company of cavalry under command of Captain Alman; they proceeded to South Mills and sent a detachment of twelve men and a lieutenatn to the turnpike gate, where Samuel Jones, of Company B, Fifth Ohio Regiment, was executed. He was hung on Tuesday, the 12th.

One Mr. Williamson, living hear by, on Wednesday made a coffin, cut him down, and buried him in the field opposite.

