
Captain Alman was instructed to bring the remains in, which he has done, and I send them in ambulance to these headquarters for your disposal, also a pair of handcuffs which was taken from his wrists, which are rather ugly things.

Nothing further of interest to report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. B. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Deep Creek.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS NORTH CAROLINA STATE FORCES,Murfreesborough, N. C., January 15, 1864.

Major General BENJAMIN F. BUTLER, U. S. Army,

Commanding at Fort Monroe:

GENERAL: Inclosed I send you a copy of a letter addressed by Brigadier-General Wild, of the U. S. Army, to Captain Elliott, of the Sixty- sixth Regiment North Carolina State Troops. From the general tenor of the letter, and from the fact that it is addressed to an officer of my command, I am induced to believe that General Wild intended his threat against "guerrillas" to be applied to the officers and men of my command.

The Sixty- eight Regiment of North Carolina State Troops, which I have the honor to command, was organized under authority obtained from the Governor of the State, and its officers are regularly commissioned by the Governor. With this explanation I desire to know whether it is your purpose to pursue the policy indicated in General Wild's letter to Captain Elliott, in the event you should hereafter capture any of the officers or men of my command, or are they to be recognized and treated as other prisoners of war!

I have captured a goodly umber of the officers and men of the U. S. Army and Navy and have uniformly treated them as prisoners of war.

I desire to treat those I may capture hereafter similarly, but as a matter of course, I shall be guided in the future in my treatment to your men by the answer I receive to this letter.

I desire further to call your attention to the fact that the ladies whose names are mentioned in General Wild's letter are, as I am informed, still held in close confinement in the city of Norfolk. I want to know whether it is your purpose to hold these ladies as "hostages" for a soldier legitimately captured!

I shall be pleased to receive a speedy reply to this communication.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES W. HINTON,

Colonel, Commanding North Carolina State Forces.

[Sub- inclosure.]

ELIZABETH CITY, December 17, 1863.

JOHN T. ELLIOTT, Captain of Guerrillas:

SIR: I still hold in custody Mrs. Munden and Mrs. Weeks as hostages for the colored soldier taken by you. As he is treated so shall they be, even to hanging. By this time you know that I am in earnest. Guerrillas are to be treated as pirates. You will never have rest until you renounce your present course or join the regular Confederate Army.

EDWD. A. WILD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

