
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 6, 1863.

Colonel W. H. LUDLOW, Fort Monroe, Va.:

I inclose herewith a copy of General Orders, Numbers 207, current series, which you will communicate to Mr. Ould, Confederate agent for exchange of prisoners. * You will also notify Mr. Ould that it is understood that officers of the United States and Confederate officers have at various times and places paroled and released prisoners of war not in conformity with the cartel, and that the Government of the United States will not recognize and will not expect the Confederate authorities to recognize such unauthorized paroles. Prisoners released on parole not authorized by the cartel after your notice of May 22 will not be regarded as prisoners of war and will not be exchanged. Where officers of either belligerent have released prisoners of war without the delivery specified in the cartel, either for convenience because they could not guard them, or for any other reasons, since the 22nd of May, such release will be regarded as unconditional and the party released as subject to the orders of his Government without exchange the same as if he has never been captured.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FORT MONROE, July 6, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN:

Mr. Ould informs me that the charges against Doctor Rucker were horse stealing, murder, and acting as a guide for bodies of armed men. I have had no official copy of charges. Please inform me of the decision in his case. Please answer my inquiry about delivery of Confederate prisoners of war at Baltimore.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, Md., July 6, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Will it be against any adopted policy of treatment for me to employ some of these rebel prisoners in work on the fortifications here instead of the negroes? So far as their learning the character of our works no military objection exists now on that score.

R. C. SCHENCK,Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 6, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore, Md.:

I know of no instance in which the enemy has compelled prisoners of war to work on fortifications. General Kelley's command has received their orders from these headquarters. Telegraph the entire force left at Baltimore and vicinity, including railroad guards.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

---------------

* See p. 78.

---------------

