
I believe that the facts thus brought to your notice fully justify the opinion advanced that the site and surroundings of this camp are of such a nature as to render it highly objectionable and unfit for the use to which it has been appropriated, and that it would be exceedingly difficult to overcome the obstacles in the way of proper drainage, even at a large expenditure of money were that the only objection; there are, however, other important objections which neither money nor art can remove or obviate.

Trusting that this report may meet your approbation,

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDW. D. KITTOE,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., February 17, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Headquarters of the Army, Washington, D. C., and special attention invited to the statements in relation to Camp Douglas.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. HOFFMAN'S BATT., DEPOT PRISONERS OF WAR,Near Sandusky, Ohio, January 18, 1864.

Captain ADAM E. KING, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of General Orders, Numbers 1, announcing that in pursuance of orders of the General-in-Chief of the Army that Brigadier-General Terry, commanding the Third Division, Sixth Corps, assumes command of this post and Johnson's Island and the troops there at, and the charge of the prisoners of war on the island. In being believed from my command I beg to report that by the order of Colonel William Hoffman, Third Infantry, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners, I assumed command of this depot at its establishment and have continued in uninterrupted command for the period of two years on the 1st of January instant. The whole number of prisoners received has been 6,416, of which there have been exchanged 2,983; discharged on oath of allegiance, parole, and otherwise, 302; transferred to other prisons, 363; deaths, 149; shot dead by sentinel, 1; executed, 3; escaped, 3; present at this time, 2,612.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. PIERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Hoffman's Battalion.

QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, C. S. MILITARY PRISONS,

Richmond, Va., January 18, 1864.

Captain J. WARNER,

Actg. Asst. Com. of Subsistence and Asst. Quartermaster,

C. S. Military Prisons:

CAPTAIN: I received from Captain Forbes, assistant commissary of subsistence, 3,000 pounds of salt beef on the 14th instant; 3,000 pounds

