
[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

CAMP CHASE, OHIO, January 16, 1864.

Lieutenant W. A. McGREW, Post Adjutant:

SIR: I have the honor at your request to make the following statement of the shooting of a rebel prisoner confined in prison Numbers 2, at this post, on the night of the 17th of September, 1863. While on a tour among the guards around the prison, Private Moody, Company C, eighty-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, complained that the prisoners would not obey his commands to keep away from the fence and from behind the sink, which were standing orders for guards. He had repeatedly ordered them away, to which order they paid not the least attention. I instructed him to keep them ten feet from the fence and from behind the sink; to order them distinctly three times, and if not obeyed to shoot not them. Some tenor fifteen moments after this Samuel Lawley, private, Nineteenth Virginia Cavalry, went behind the sink against distinct orders from Private Moody and consequently was shot.

I have the honor to submit the above as a statement of the transaction.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

THOMAS REBER,

Second Lieutenant Company H, Eighty-eighth Ohio Vol. Infantry.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]

CAMP CHASE, OHIO, January 17, 1864.

Lieutenant W. A. McGREW, Post Adjutant:

SIR: I have the honor to state, in reply to yours of this date, in regard to the shooting of William Jones, a citizen prisoner confined in prison Numbers 2, at this post: I was on duty as officer of the day on or about the 1st of November, 1863. On visiting the above-named prison I was informed by the officer of the guard that there was quite a stir in prisons Numbers 2, and he feared there would become demonstration on the part of the prisoners to make their escape. I visited the guards and became satisfied there was some thing more than usual going on in the prison. I used every means to prevent surprise. About 11 p. m. the sentinels gave the alarm and every am an was on duty. I discovered the plan was to get up a general fight in the north end of the prison while some of them made their escape at the south end of the prison. The sentinels ordered them to their quarters, which was not obeyed. One of the sentinels discharged his gun at the main crowd. One William Jones was hit by a buckshot in the neck and instantly killed. One other prisoner was wounded in the head (not serious). Order was immediately restored after the gun was discharged. I made written report of all the circumstances connected with the case at the time to Major Zinn, then post commandant.

Adjutant, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. E. SAUSSER,

First Lieutenant, Eighty-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 19, 1864.

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

SIR: Mr. Wetmore, of the commission examining hospitals and prisons, reports to me this morning that there are several cases of small-

