
LOUISVILLE, KY., January 22, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have made a thorough inspection of the U. S. military prison at this place, a detailed report of which I herewith inclose, together with a copy of a communication addressed to Captain S. E. Jones, assistant provost-marshal-general Department of Kentucky. Captain Jones states that it is necessary to increase the barrack room at the prison. If additional buildings are erected within the present inclosure it will altogether overcrowd a place already too full for the health of its occupants. The proximity of other buildings prevents the extension of the present inclosure. In view of this fact Captain Jones suggested that a new hospital be erected on a vacant lot opposite the prison, and that the present hospital building be converted into barracks, which can be done at a nominal expense, and thus give an additional capacity of 125 to 150, or, on emergency, as light as 200. On consideration I deemed the suggestion a wise one, and accordingly gave the directions shown in the inclosed communication. I hope my course will meet your approval. I leave to-morrow for Indianapolis, staying while there at the Bates House; thence to Chicago, staying at the Tremont House.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. CLARK,

Surgeon and Acting Medical Inspector Prisoners of War.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

Report of inspection of U. S. military prison and hospital at Louisville, Ky., January 20-21, 1864, by A. M. Clark, surgeon and acting medical inspector of prisoners of war.

Designation of camp--U. S. military prison. Commander of camp--Captain Pratt, Twenty-fifth Michigan Volunteers. Command and strength--present number of prisoners, prisoners of war, 250; Federal prisoners, 55; total, 305. Location of camp--corner Tenth street and Broadway. Water--source and supply, city water-works; frozen for ten days, leaving prison without a water. Water--quality and effects, good. Fuel--coal. Soil--clay and sand. Drainage--sufficient in ordinary weather, but at present frozen and ineffective. Drains are to been larged. Topograph--ground flat, but elevated about two feet above street; easily drained. Police of camp--not as well attended to as should be, though much is to be excused on account of the late severe weather. Discipline in camp--not very strict. Tents or huts, position--barracks, center and north side of prison inclosure. Tents or huts, pattern and quality--one story, in a tolerable state of repair. Tents or huts, ventilation and removal--no ventilation except by doors and side windows, which are utterly insufficient. Tents or huts, sufficiency--for about 300 prisoners. Tents or huts, heating--sufficient in ordinary weather, by stoves. Sinks, construction--excavated, not removed since last inspection. Sinks, condition and position--filthy, and offensive at a distance, too near barracks, insufficient in size and number. Sinks, management--not well attended to, not properly disinfected. Removal of offal, &amp;c. --not effectual. Previous use of camp--vacant lot. Rations--abundant and of good quality. Cooking in camp--by contrabands, apparently well done, though kitchen is insufficient in size; utensils in good order, but in sufficient. Inspection of food--daily, by officer of

55 R R--SERIES II, VOL VI

