
the day. Portable ovens--bread of excellent quality and baked at prison. Vegetables--sufficient in quantity and quality. Cleanliness of men and of clothing--very foul, owing of late to want of water. Quality and quantity of clothing--good and sufficient, mostly contributed, condemned United States. Blankets--sufficient; prison, from quartermaster's department; hospital, quartermaster's and medical departments. Condition of men--generally filthy.

Hospital buildings--two wards, with kitchen, dining-room, dispensary and office, each ward 59 by 19 by 10 feet, giving total capacity about 22,420 cubic feet; each ward has a bath and wash room and privy. Hospital police--tolerably good. Hospital discipline--not strict. Hospital diet and cooking--sufficient, apparently well done by contrabands paid from hospital fund. Hospital heat and ventilation--sufficient, by three stoves in each ward; ventilation utterly insufficient. Hospital capacity--32 beds, allowing 700 cubic feet to each; present number of beds, 80; number of sick, 51 Confederate, 6 Federal. State of medical supplies and surgical instruments--sufficient and in good order. State of hospital records--not properly or well kept, much falling off since last inspection. State of hospital fund--$42. 25, chiefly expended for articles of diet, table furniture, and police utensils. Medical attendance--sufficient, one surgeon, one assistant surgeon. Nursing--by convalescents. Interments--by quartermaster. Diseases prevalent--pneumonia, remittent and typho-malarial fever. Diseases, zymotic--six cases of smallpox have occurred; promptly sent to pest-house of general hospital. Diseases, mitigation and prevention of--vaccination properly attended to, proper medical care given, but hospital is ill-placed, ill-ventilated, and overcrowded. Wounds and operations, recoveries from disease, recoveries from wounds, mortality from diseases, mortality from wounds, military history--total number of sick, December, 1863, 144; deaths, 17; percentage of mortality, 11. 80. This large percentage is due to the fact that a large number of Longstreet's men were received in so wretched a condition that many died within a few hours after entering the hospital.

Medical officers--John C. Welch, Twentieth Kentucky Volunteers, surgeon in charge; P. N. Morton, Twentieth Kentucky Volunteers, assistant surgeon.

Remarks concerning character and skill: The surgeon in charge is not apparently wanting in professional skill, but lacks executive ability.

Prison fund, $4,243. 15.

The few cases of smallpox which have occurred were promptly removed and all precautions against reoccurrence of the disease have been taken. Every man about the prison has been vaccinated, and revaccinated when necessary, and all fresh arrivals undergo the same. It is proposed to remove the hospital from the prison inclosure, a step which will prove of great benefit to the general efficiency of the hospital, as well as afford increased barrack room for prisoners.

A. M. CLARK,

Surgeon and Acting Medical Inspector Prisoners of War.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

LOUISVILLE, KY., January 21, 1864.

Captain JONES, Louisville, Ky.:

CAPTAIN: I am authorized by the Commissary-General of Prisoners where additional hospital accommodations are necessary at a prison post to direct them to be built, the cost to be paid from the prison fund, observing a due regard to economy, in view of the non-permanency of the prisons. At the military prison in this city the hospital is very

