
poorly located, as regards facilities for ventilation,&amp;c., owing to the close proximity of the barracks. It is also represented that it will be necessary to increase the barrack room of the prison, thus still further crowding the prison inclosure, and creating a strong necessity for the removal of the hospital therefrom. You have suggested, and I think wisely, that a new hospital be built outside the prison inclosure, and the present hospital building are converted into barracks. In accordance with this suggestion you will please erect a building for hospital purposes on the ground proposed (opposite the present inclosure). Its size should be sufficient to accommodate seventy-five patients, in two wards, with

the necessary offices, bath, and wash rooms. The wards should be so constructed as to allow each patient at least 800 cubic feet of air. To this and their dimensions should be 100 by 25 by 10 feet, with about four feet pitch of roof, giving a capacity for thirty-eight beds to each ward. A bath and wash room should be added to the rear of each ward. The sinks, one for each ward, should be entirely distinct from the wards, separated by at least twenty-five feet. The wards should be ventilated from the ridge, with openings for the supply of fresh air in the sides of the buildings, leading under the floor and opening beneath the stoves. If it does not add too greatly to the cost the walls of the wards should be plastered instead of ceiled. The whole interior of the building should be frequently whitewashed, at least once a month. The frequent use of some effective disinfectant is very necessary, both in hospital and barracks. For this purpose the Ridgewood disinfectant powder has been approved as the most efficient by the medical inspector-general. You will please purchase from the prison fund two barrels of the same for trial, addressing Ridgwood Manufacturing Company, Harlem, N. Y. If it proves as effectual as represented additional supplies can be obtained as needed. Please to direct that observations be noted as to the comparative effectiveness and cheapness of this agent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. CLARK,

Surgeon and Acting Medical Inspector of Prisoners of War.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 23, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER, Commanding, Fort Monroe:

SIR: I received this morning under one envelope a number of papers from the other side, seven of which appear to have passed under your eye; eleven are without any evidence of it. Not one of the eighteen bears evidence of having been addressed to yourself by the rebel agent. Some are referred to General Meredith and some to myself.

I have just reported the facts to the Secretary of War, whose wish is that nothing shall be done to compromise the right of the Government to appoint its own agents for intercourse with the rebels, and he authorizes me to hold the papers in reserve until I can learn your personal wishes on the subject. If it is your desire these papers (mostly inquiries about rebel prisoners supposed to be in our hands) will be sent to you, to be returned, if you think proper, to Mr. Ould, under a notification that they will [be] received when properly addressed to yourself.

You will doubtless consider the effect of any particular decision you may make upon our power to send papers over the lines ourselves.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commissioner for Exchange, &c.

