
JAMES RIVER,

Flag-of-truce Boat Torpedo, July 6, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM H. LUDLOW, Agent of Exchange;

SIR: I have declared exchanged all the non-commissioned officers and prisoners who have been delivered at City Point up to July 2, 1863. I do not think you will find the total much in excess of the declarations you have made. At least my account makes it so.

Whatever may be the excess, you can bring the exchanges to an equilibrium by a declaration on your side. Of course my declaration does not include those sent up to yesterday.

Respectfully, your obedient servant, &amp;c.,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

C. S. PRISON, Richmond, July 6, 1863.

Brigadier General J. H. WINDER,

Commanding Department of Henrico:

GENERAL: In accordance with instructions contained in Special Orders, Numbers 160, I have selected by lot from the entire number of Federal captains confined in this prison (not including two in hospital under medical treatment) two for execution, viz, Captain Henry Washington Sawyer, Company K, First New Jersey Cavalry; Captain John M. Flinn, Company F, Fifty-first Indiana Infantry.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

TH. P. TURNER,

Captain, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

JULY, 7, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War and ask instructions as to time of execution.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Before Port Hudson, July 7, 1863.

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR,

Commanding C. S. Forces South of Red River:

SIR: I am informed that you have, under a misapprehension of the course pursued by me in similar cases, decided [to] treat certain surgeons belonging to the forces under my command who have fallen into the hands of the forces under your command as prisoners of war. I have the honor to state that medical officers have in no instance been regarded by me, or to my knowledge, as prisoners of war, but have invariably been returned to the lines of their own forces as soon a war consistent with safety. They have in some instances been detained from that cause, but the detention has continued no longer than was warranted by the exigencies of the case. If any officer of my command has assumed to administer a parole to medical officers other than the ordinary parole not to give information, you can disregard the paroles and release the surgeons from them. In that event I respectfully request that you will inform me of your acting and furnish me with copies of the paroles, that I may take steps to prevent a repetition of the occurrence.

