
Austrian prisoners of war sent to Africa were hired to the French colonists. I myself have made requisitions for them.

CLUSERET,

General.

P. S. --After I had finished my letter to you I received this note from General Cluseret, in our service. I made his acquaintance last night; introduced the subject of prisoners of war and the canals, the dates of which were not quite present to my mind. He promised to furnish me with the date. You will find on page 1, in the passage marked"an interesting corroboration of what I have stated,"not that I approve of sending prisoners to distant colonies, or, as Russia did in 1811, to Siberia, where many French prisoners remained.

F. L.

OFFICE COMMISSIONER FROM EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, Va., January 24, 1864.

All prisoners heretofore held by the Confederate authorities, whether civilians, officers, or soldiers, received at City Point before the 20th instant from the Confederate commissioner are declared exchanged.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding, and Commissioner of Exchange.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., January 24, 1864.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: The proposal borne by Henry M. Warfield, esq., for the special exchange of General Trimble for Major White is respectfully declined. It is due to Mr. Warfield that I should state he has made most strenuous efforts to accomplish the object of his visit. If the Confederate Government were not committed against the principle of special exchanges he would not have been unsuccessful. Major White will be cheerfully released for an equivalent of his own rank just as soon as the Federal Government agree store lease all of our prisoners on the terms of the cartel. Until then we must decline special exchanges, unless there are circumstances attending them which very clearly take them out of the general rule.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., January 24, 1864.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: In view of the present difficulties attending the exchange and release of prisoners I propose that all such on each side shall be attended by a proper number of their own surgeons, who, under rules to be established, shall be permitted to take charge of their health and comfort. I also propose that these surgeons shall act as commissaries, with power to receive and distribute such contributions of money, food, and clothing and medicines as may be forwarded for the relief of the

