
prisoners, by the cartel, as I understand, are waiting to be declared exchanged in the parole camps or elsewhere.

Upon looking over the course of the officer of exchange in this matter I find that from time to time declarations of exchange have been made, and therefore I propose to declare all prisoners held by the Confederates and delivered by their agent at City Point to our agent of exchange up to this date exchanged.

The operation of that declaration, as I understand it, will be only to allow those who have been in fact exchanged and delivered to us as such to be put in the service instead of remaining at the parole camps or at home.

I should have asked instructions upon the matter had I not supposed that this was simply in the course of official business. It will and can have no operation upon any pending question, or any other force than simply to release the men already exchanged and allow them to be sent into the Army of the United States.

Trusting that you will approve this and will announce your approval by telegram,

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA. AND N. CAROLINA, Numbers 25. Fort Monroe, January 25, 1864.

* * * * * *

II. Brigadier General S. A. Meredith is hereby relieved from duty in this department and will report in person to the Adjutant-General at Washington for further orders. He will before leaving turnover to Colonel J. W. Shaffer, chief of staff, all books, orders, and papers of any kind relating in any way to the duties concerning the exchange of prisoners.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSIONER OF EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, Va., January 25, 1864.

Honorable ROBERT OULD, Agent for Exchange, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Will you please give me what information you can concerning the whereabouts of Thomas H. Pendleton, Company E, Eighty-fifth Illinois Volunteers, captured at the battle of Chickamauga?

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding, and Commissioner of Exchange.

OFFICE COMMISSIONER OF EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, Va., January 25, 1864.

Honorable ROBERT OULD, Agent for Exchange, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to return the accompanying papers* for more definite information as to the whereabouts of the parties inquired for,

---------------

*Not found with Confederate records and not otherwise identified.

---------------

