
supply of water and be well lighted at night. It should be stipulated in the contract that they will leave Sandusky between 10 a. m. and 1 p. m. in trains carrying about 600 men, and arrive at Baltimore before 12m. the second day after, making about forty-eight hours on the route. The trains will leave at intervals of forty-eight hours.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Raleigh, January 25, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

SIR: The Governor of this State is anxious to obtain permission for me to visit the North by flag of truce for the purpose of making proper arrangements for the clothing of our prisoners. Permit me to express the hope that the proposition may meet with your approval and that the necessary steps may be taken to obtain the consent of the Federal authorities.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD WARREN,

Surgeon-General of North Carolina.

[First indorsement.]

JANUARY 30, 1864.

Colonel Ould for consideration and report or conference.

J. A. SEDDON.

[Second indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 1, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War.

I have asked the consent of the Federal Government that surgeons might be allowed reciprocally to attend prisoners. Please see accompanying letter. *

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

[Third indorsement.]

Let Doctor Warren be informed that application has been made which will include his case.

J. A. SEDDON.

OFFICE OF EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS,

Richmond, Va., January 25, 1864.

His Excellency Z. B. VANCE, Governor of North Carolina:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of yours of 20th instant inclosing a letter to Governor Seymour, of New York, covering three bills of exchange on A. Collie &amp; Co., London, two for pounds 500 each and one for pounds 200. The letter and drafts shall be forwarded by the first flag-of-truce boat. Receipts for these drafts will be given by the Federal agent of exchange and forwarded to you. As advised in my letter of the 23rd instant you were informed by telegraph and letter that the plan "was the most advisable to furnish clothing to the troops from

---------------

*See January 24, p. 871.

---------------

