
your State now held as prisoners of war by the enemy. We have the assurance of the Federal authorities that clothing will be promptly delivered when sent to our prisoners, or they will be permitted to receive the funds and make the purchases there. "

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. HATCH,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, January 26, 1864.

The President ABRAHAM LINCOLN:

Your dispatch was received. All executions have been stayed until further orders from you.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES,

January 26, 1864.

Resolved, That the President of the United States be, and he is hereby, requested, if not in his opinion incompatible with the public interest, to furnish the Senate with a copy of al the correspondence between the authorities of the United States and the rebel authorities on the exchange of prisoners and the different propositions connected with that subject.

Attest:

JNO W. FORNEY,

Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,

Fort Monroe, January 26, 1864.

Lieutenant W. J. MUNDEN and Mr. PENDER WEEKS:

MESSRS: In answer to your application in regard to your wives held as hostages by General Wild for the treatment of his colored soldier, Samuel Jordan, of the Fifth U. S. Colored, upon a full examination I have determined--

First. That as no difference was made between Jordan and Daniel Bright on account of colored, one being hanged in retaliation for the other by the rebel authorities, the case presupposed by General Wild when the hostages were taken in the persons of these women, that some different treatment would be meted out to his soldiers because of his color not having arisen, the order given by him for execution of the women in retaliation will be revoked.

Second. I will return the women to Northwest Landing with a copy of this note, as direction to the officer there that upon your placing yourselves in his hands in their stead, to be treated as prisoners of war unless some outrage not justified by civilized warfare is perpetrated by the men of your commands, the two women, Mrs. W. J. Munden and Mrs. Pender Weeks, will be delivered to their friends.

I take leave to assure you that nothing has been done to them to annoy, insult, or injure them, except the detention, as I have no doubt they will inform you when you see them.

