
I am compelled to require your presence and detention instead of your wives on account of further threatened retaliation made by the men of your regiment upon the soldiers who may be unfortunate enough to fall into their hands, and in order that the transaction may assure you and your people--

First. That we will carry on this war upon the rules of civilized warfare if permitted to do so by the rebel authorities.

Second. That we will not permit outrages upon our men without swift, severe, and stern retaliation. It is for your friends therefore to make the choice.

Daniel Bright, who was executed by General Wild, was a deserter from the Sixty-second Georgia; was wrongfully enlisted in the Sixty-sixth North Carolina; was engaged not in warfare, but in pillage and murder, as a guerrilla; was duly tried by court-martial, sentenced, and hanged; and the execution of Private Jordan in retaliation for that act made the subject of other and different measures from any that relate to yourselves and your treatment.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Report of inspection of camp and field hospitals at Indianapolis, Ind., January 26, 1864, by A. M. Clark, surgeon and acting medical inspector of prisoners of war.

Designation of camp--Camp Morton. Commander of camp--Colonel Stevens, Invalid Corps. Command and strength--prisoners of war, 3,207; guard, 18 companies Invalid Corps. Location of camp--about one mile north of city. Water, source and supply--wells, sufficient. Water, quality and effects--good. Fuel--wood, sufficient. Soil--sand and clay. Drainage--artificial, imperfect, but much better attended to than at last inspection. Topography--camp-ground flat, but can be readily drained into a creek running in a deep gully through center of camp. Police of camp--of ground, very good; of barracks, very much neglected. Discipline in camp--much more strict than at last inspection. Duties in camp--none. tents or huts, position--barracks, on north and west sides of inclosure. Tents or huts, pattern and quality--one story, very much dilapidated and in need of repair. Tents or huts, ventilation and removal--ventilated only by dilapidation and by insufficient doors and windows. Tents or huts, sufficiency--if in repair, for about 1,500. Heating--sufficient, by stoves. Sinks, construction--open excavation. Sinks, condition and position--rear of barracks. Sinks, management--not well attended to, though in very much better condition than at last inspection. Rations--abundant and of good quality. Cooking in camp--much reform needed; prisoners cook their rations with insufficient utensils over camp-fires; cook-houses to be erected and cooking done by detail. Inspection of food--none after cooking. Portable ovens--bread of very good quality, baked in camp. Vegetables--insufficient in quantity. Cleanliness of men--filthy. Cleanliness of clothing--filthy from want of laundry and washing facilities. Quality of clothing--poor. Quantity of clothing--insufficient. Blankets and bedding--in hospital, sufficient and in good order; in quarters, a sufficient supply of blankets. Habits of men--indolent, should be furnished with employments. Condition of men--in quarters, filthy; in hospital, excellent,

