
but in want of additional hospital clothing. Hospital buildings--four, two of which are new; kitchen too small; no laundry. Hospital tents--sixteen, not floored; six additional tents not yet erected. Hospital police--generally excellent. Hospital discipline--good. Hospital diet and cooking--diet good; cooking well done and inspected; kitchen too small. Hospital heat and ventilation--well heated by stoves; in new wards facilities for ventilation good, but not yet completed. Hospital capacity--in wards, about 160, allowing 800 cubic feet to each patient; in tents, 132; total, 292. Number sick--in hospital, 240; in quarters, 706; total, 946. Transportation of sick--no ambulance detailed to prison, not necessary; transportation of medical supplies, by quartermaster. State of medical supplies and surgical instruments--sufficient and in excellent order. State of hospital records--generally very wellkept. State of hospital accounts--not as strictly kept or scrutinized as they should be. State of hospital fund--December 31, 1863, $1,117; purchases, articles of diet and table furniture, $208. 64. Reports--generally well kept up. Requisitions - promptly filled. Medical attendance--sufficient; surgeon in charge, assisted by three acting assistant surgeons, two physicians (prisoners). Nursing--by convalescents and detail of prisoners. Interments--by contract. Diseases local--from condition of barracks and faulty cooking of rations, pneumonia, chronic diarrhea, may be said to have localized themselves. Diseases prevalent--pneumonia, chronic diarrhea, chronic bronchitis, typho-malarial fever, scurvy. Diseases zymotic--no variola(smallpox), rubeola(measles)has been quite frequent. Diseases, mitigation and prevention of--in hospital all is done that can be, but the condition of the barracks and faulty cooking tend to overflow the hospital. Recoveries from diseases, recoveries from wounds, mortality from diseases, mortality from wounds-- from the general character of the men and their quarters recovery from disease is necessarily slow and the death rate very large. Report of r November, 1863, total strength, 2,808; deaths, 68; per cent., 2. 42; average number on sick, report daily, 315. December, 1863, total strength, 3,144; deaths, 92; per cent.,2. 92; daily average sick, 742.

Medical officers--Actg. Asst. Surg. W. A. Johnson in charge, assisted by three acting assistant surgeons and two physicians (prisoners), one acting hospital steward.

Remarks concerning character and skill: Doctor Johnson is an energetic and skillful officer, and has succeeded in working a very great change for the better in this hospital since he assumed the charge, but declares his intention of throwing up his contract and retiring from the service. I would earnestly recommend that a commissioned medical officer be assigned to the charge of each of the prison camp hospitals.

Prison fund--January 26, 1864, $4,208. 63. The present commandant of Camp Morton is rapidly improving the condition of the camp. The gully running through the camp ground has been thoroughly policed, and the bed of the creek dug out, so that when the system of ditching no win progress is completed it will forma valuable adjunct in the drainage of the camp. The barracks are much overcrowded and very much in need of repair. In their present condition it is only to be wondered at that the sick report is not larger than its. It is proposed to repair the barracks and floor them, and to erect new barracks as the condition of the hospital fund will allow. Cook-houses are also to be erected and furnished with the necessary utensils. These will soon pay for themselves in preventing waste of rations and in the saving of fuel, and the necessary improvement in the mode of cooking will go far in preventing much of the disease which is now largely attributable to

