
I shall retain Assistant Surgeon Throop, One hundred and seventy sixth New York, and release him from his parole, unless other [wise] desired by you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FORT DELAWARE, July 7, 1863.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS, Quartermaster-General U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I was called upon for the first time yesterday to use the new barracks lately erected at this post for prisoners of war. The barracks were built strictly according to contract, and as for as workmanship and material are concerned well built. Owing to the spongy nature of the soil and the rains combined, the foundation props commenced sinking as soon as I put the prisoners into them. In some places they have sunk nearly a foot, consequently the building has sunk also, thereby weakening it very materially. I am ordered to be ready to receive some 8,000 prisoners, and as soon as they are put into the building I am fearful that the building will settle so much that it will fall over, and the loss of life in all probability will be great. The new hospital ordered to be built here in all probability is to be built on the same principle, and if it is so built it will also sink. I respectfully suggest that Colonel Crosman be directed to send down an architect to examine and report as to the best possible means of securing the barracks from destruction, and to put in a secure foundation to the hospital.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., July 7, 1863.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: Please submit the following to the General-in-Chief to show the circumstances of Doctor Rucker's arrest:

He states that he was captured at Summersville, Nicholas Country, W. Va., on the 25th July, 1862. When that place was taken by the rebels some time previous he had, by order of Colonel Crook, guided a cavalry command from Jacksonville Depot, on Central Railroad, to Cow Pasture bridge, which was burned. For this act he is to be tried.

General Milroy states that in the early part of 1862, at Covington, Alleghany County, W. Va., where he then resided, he was required repeatedly to take the oath of allegiance to the rebel Government, which he always refused to do. At length a brutal quartermaster swore he should take the oath or he would kill him, and went to the doctor's house and ordered him to go to his office for this purpose, and on his refusing to do so he used very insulting language toward him and struck him a violent blow with a club. On this the doctor drew a bowie knife and killed him, and immediately gave himself up to the civil authorities for trial. It appears that he was acquitted and his arrest at Summersville was subsequent to this trial.

