
Daniel Bright by every rule of civilized warfare. But if your men are met in the field, in the usual duty of soldiers, under your command or that if any other duly qualified officer carrying on war in any form that war has been carried on by any Christian nation, except the English against the Chinese, they will be treated whenever captured as prisoners of war, and all the more tenderly by me because they are North Carolina troops, most of whom I believe unwillingly in the service of the Confederate Government.

General Wild's threat was only against "guerrillas," and these are men coming within the description which I have given, and you can easily determine for yourself whether your regiment as organized does come within that description. If not, they may fear nothing worse than imprisonment. If they do, it will be more convenient for them not to get into our hands.

I leave it to your own good sense whether the kind of warfare carried on for the past year in the counties of Camden, Currituck, Pasquotank and the neighboring counties tends either to set up the Confederate Government among the nations of the earth or overthrow and cripple the Government of the Untied States; and if it does neither, whether such a warfare ought not be stopped by the most stringent measures.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

PULASKI, January 27, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel BOWERS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Roddey desires to make an exchange with me, man for man. Will I be allowed to do it?

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., January 27, 1864.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: All of the deliveries at City Point have been mutually declared exchanged up to September 1, 1863. Since that date there have been several deliveries, the numbers on each side generally corresponding. If there is any excess it is in our deliveries.

On the 1st of February I shall declare all officers and soldiers who have been delivered at City Point at any time prior to January 1, 1864, exchanged.

You can make a similar notice as to those who have been delivered to you.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY PRISON,Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind., January 27, 1864.

Captain W. T. HARTZ,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the shooting of Goacin Arcemant, Confederate prisoner, by a sentinel of the guard at this camp on the morning of the 16th of January, 1864.

