
The report of the officer of the guard, Lieutenant T. H. Tyndale, received through Captain Pingree, officer of the day, shows that the occurrence took place at 1. 30 a. m. on the 16th instant at post Numbers 20 on the guard line. The sentinel on duty at said post, being examined, states that he had been annoyed repeatedly during his tour of duty by prisoners leaving their barracks and approaching the fence, contrary to orders; that the deceased had quitted his quarters and was approaching the fence in the same manner, when, in compliance with instructions, he ordered him to halt and return to his quarters; that the prisoner, on receiving the order, stopped and made answer, but did not return to his quarters. The order being repeated, and the prisoner still refusing obedience, the guard states that he fired on him, and immediately called the number of his post, following strictly the instructions he had received. Post Numbers 21, contiguous, states that the order was given distinctly each time, and that the prisoner must have heard and understood it. As several attempts have been made by prisoners to escape at that point during the present month, it is probable that the deceased approached the fence with a similar intention. The deceased himself, a short time before his death, stated that he left his quarters to go to the sinks. As there are no sinks in the quarter to which he was going he must have had other intentions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. STEVENS,

Colonel, Commanding Camp Morton.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, February 3, 1864.

Respectfully submitted for the information of the Secretary of War.

The sentinel seems to have obeyed his orders, and rigid orders to the guard are necessary to preserve order and discipline among the prisoners; but great care should be observed by the commanding officer that excesses are not committed under the plea of enforcing orders, and Colonel Stevens will be cautioned to this effect.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, March 10, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

The shooting was justifiable; but in all such cases an investigation should be made by a board of officers.

By order of the Secretary of War:

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP SUMTER, Andersonville, Ga., January 27, 1864.

Colonel HARRIS, Commanding Conscript Camp, Macon, Ga.:

SIR: Under instructions from the Quartermaster-General I am required to purchase in southwestern Georgia and in Florida as much beef as I shall need for the supply to Federal prisoners at this post, and shall need some detailed men to drive the beeves. Will you be kind enough to inform me whether I shall make application to you for

