
the detail of those men and if any special form is required. Please answer at once, as I must be making my necessary arrangements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. WINDER,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

Examining board of surgeons, Richmond. Report of surgeons on the condition of certain cells in the penitentiary. *

[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 27, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Governor Smith.

Can the places recommended be secured for cases of extreme retaliation?

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

RICHMOND, January 28, 1864. (Received March 1.)

The Honorable the SECRETARY OF WAR OF THE UNITED STATES:

Allow me to submit for your consideration a simple statement with no other design than to subserve the cause of humanity as connected with the treatment of prisoners.

Some weeks since it was my privilege to obtain the release of Doctor Goldsborough, a surgeon of the U. S. Army. I had repeatedly visited him during his confinement and was permitted to proffer to him and others similarly situated any assistance which I deemed proper. He invariably replied to my inquiries that he was furnished with everything that a prisoner of war could expect, wanting nothing but an additional undergarment to supply the place of one which he had lost at Gettysburg. This I offered to send him at once, but as he expressed a preference for purchasing it with his own funds, which were in the possession of General Winder, I had the order procured and placed at his disposal. he did not use it, and in a subsequent interview attempted an explanation, but so confused in its character that I changed the conversation to relieve his embarrassment. At a later date he sent for me to show me a letter which he had received, informing him of the illness of his father and brother, and of the great desire to see him, and asked me to procure his parole for that purpose. He urged this on the ground of his being a non-combatant, assuring me that he had not joined the army from any zeal against the South, but that, being without practice, he was desirous to be in a position which would afford him employment and support in the line of his profession.

I went immediately to Judge Ould and asked for the parole solely on the plea of humanity. He replied that under the existing difficulties which had arrested the exchange of prisoners he did not feel authorized to yield to the sympathy which the case involved, unless by so doing something could be effected toward a general exchange of surgeons and chaplains; but if Doctor Goldsborough could and would visit Washington for this purpose, and use his own and such other influence as he could obtain to promote this exchange on the plan proposed by Judge Ould, then the parole might be granted. I asked for these conditions

---------------

*Only this brief and the indorsement found.

---------------

