
public and business places, so as to infect the whole atmosphere of the town with smallpox and fever now raging within the limits of the corporation. Your petitioners fear mostly the increase of the number of cases of fever and the virulence of the same.

The stench from the hospitals even now (in winter) is almost insupportable, and is offensive at the distance of several hundred yards. We are advised by our medical advisers, the board of health, that they believe the great number of cases of fever now in Danville proceeds from the cause above indicated. Your petitioners believe that no police regulations, however efficient, can remove the evil from which they apprehend so much mischief, particularly in the summer months. The filth of the neighborhood of the hospitals runs down in small sluggish branches that run nearly through the breadth of the town, and it is permitted to remain until a rain partially removes it, the most of it finding a permanent lodgment in the drains. The town has no water-works to cleanse its streets.

Most respectfully submitted.

T. P. ATKINSON,

Mayor.

JOHN W. HOLLAND,

President of Council.

E. J. BELL,

Clerk of Council.

[Indorsement.]

Ordered.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

Received January 29, 1864, 6. 30 o'clock.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

At a meeting of the council of the town of Danville, held on the 27th of January, 1864, the following preamble and resolutions were passed:

Whereas, it has been represented to the council by the board of health, as well as the citizens generally, that the health of the town is greatly endangered by the presence of the Yankee prisoners here:

Be it resolved, That the mayor, Dr. T. P. Atkinson, be authorized and requested to proceed to Richmond and present our situation to the Secretary of War, and use every exertion to have the prisoners removed.

Resolved further, That Dr. T. P. Atkinson, our mayor, is authorized to apply to the proper authorities for the exemption of the council of Danville from military duty.

JOHN W. HOLLAND,

President of Council.

E. J. BELL,

Clerk.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

OFFICE OF THE BOARD OF HEALTH,

Danville, Va., January 27, 1864.

JOHN W. HOLLAND, President of Council:

From the number of cases of fever and smallpox occurring in the vicinity of the hospitals containing Yankee prisoners, and the offensiveness of the effluvia proceeding therefrom, we feel it our duty to ask the council to take such measures as are necessary to protect themselves and the community. The hospitals are located in the very heart of the town, and while every police measure may be adopted as far as the

