
it is hoped that Union soldiers will not bring reproach upon themselves by following their barbarous example. I did not expect a report of the case which occurred in 1862.

The commanding officer of the camp is responsible for its good order and proper conduct in all particulars, and he cannot place any of his responsibilities upon officers under him unless he can show that he gave all proper orders and took all necessary steps to see that they were enforced.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., January 29, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM WALLACE,

Commanding Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio:

COLONEL: It is possible that by the employment of detectives among the prisoners you may be able to obtain information that may be useful to the Government or to yourself in giving you notice of improper communication passing between the prisoners and ill-disposed persons outside, or of giving information of plans to escape; and you are therefore authorized if you can find a suitable man for this purpose to pay him for such services, according to their value, out of the prison fund. I do not think it advisable to pay by the month, but for each item of information according to its importance. Deserters from the Federal Army are sometimes found among the prisoners of war, who may be traced out by a detective. Please inform me what steps you take under these instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

(Same to Colonel A. A. Stevens, commanding Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind.)

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, January 30, 1864.

Ordered, That Major-General Hitchcock and Brigadier-General Canby prepare proper rules and regulations to govern the enlistment of such rebel prisoners as desire to take the oath of allegiance to the United States and to enter its military service, and to report the same to the Secretary of War for his approval.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 30, 1864.

Honorable H. J. RAYMOND, Editor of the New York Times:

DEAR SIR: Let me invite your attention to the economic and humane considerations which affect the maintenance in idleness of our 40,000 or 50,000 prisoners of war. Employment is the law of war. See General Orders, Numbers 100, prepared by Doctor Lieber, and announced as to govern our armies. European nations employ them. They are made, if possible, to earn their bread. They are more healthy and more happy for the exercise. Full fed in idleness they die. We alone of all nations keep and feed and clothe 50,000 criminals as prisoners of war; enough

