
me that eight or ten others have been arrested also. Mr. Maupin is reported as a strong Southern sympathizer, which I am satisfied is the case, and desires to know if there is any chance of the exchange being made. Please answer. The flag has been dismissed. Will send a copy of Scammon's letter to-morrow. * The enemy has been examining the blockade. Will watch them closely.

GEO. S. PATTON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[JANUARY 31, 1864. --For report of prisoners of war and deserters received and disposed of, and oaths administered to citizens during January, 1864, in the Department of the Cumberland, see Series I, Vol. XXXII, Part I, p. 12.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 1, 1864.

Dr. FRANCIS LIEBER, New York:

DEAR SIR: I thank you for your letter upon the subject of employment of prisoners of war. I have spoken to some persons who will take an interest in such a matter, and do not doubt that these 50,000 pair of hands will soon be made to contribute enough at least to pay the cost of their support. I inclose a copy of your letter as requested,+ and am,

Very truly, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

ORDER.] WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., February 1, 1864.

Ordered in relation to examination of prisoners:

First. That all cases of persons not prisoners of war arrested and imprisoned in the military prisons of the District of Columbia be referred to Major Turner, judge-advocate, to examine and report you the same from time to time, a copy of his report in each case to be filed with the military governor and one to remain on record in the judge-advocate's office, and that his report shall in each case contain a brief statement of the name and residence of the person; when, where, and by whom and whose order the person was arrested and for what cause, together with an abstract of the proofs that may be in each case.

Second. That persons not prisoners of war against whom there is no just or probable cause for detention shall report to the military governor for discharge, and upon such report the person shall be forthwith discharged upon taking the oath of allegiance or departing beyond the District of Columbia, or be placed beyond the United States lines, or upon such other reasonable terms as may in the judgment of the judge-advocate be proper to be imposed for the public security.

Third. That persons not prisoners of war who are arrested and detained for a violation of the laws of war shall be reported accordingly for trial before a military commission to the Judge-Advocate-General.

Fourth. That prisoners of war confined in said prisons shall be reported to the commissioner of exchange, Major-General Hitchcock. Deserters shall be reported to the major-general commanding the

---------------

*See January 25, p. 875.

+See p. 868.

---------------

