
Defenses of Washington, to be returned to their proper commands for such proceedings as the case may require, and that in all other cases special reports shall be made to Adjutant-General Canby for such orders as the cases may require.

Fifth. That wherever it shall appear that any provost-marshal or other officer has been guilty of abuse of his authority, oppression embezzlement or fraud, or other act prejudicial to the service, it shall be the duty of the judge-advocate to give immediate notice thereof to the military governor of the District and to proceed in investigate the facts in the case and make report thereon to that officer for the action of the War Department.

Sixth. That the military governor of the District and judge-advocate may prescribe rules and regulations to govern provost-marshals within the District in making arrests, searches and seizures, to be approved by the War Department, and it shall be the duty of the judge-advocate to report any provost-marshal that shall violate such rules and regulations after they have been so approved.

Seventh. That the judge-advocate, moreover, prescribe such rules and regulations as may be proper for a speedy investigation of every case of arrest or detention in the prisons of said District and report all delinquencies on the part of officers arresting or holding prisoners that may come to his knowledge.

Eighth. That the judge-advocate is authorized to employ an additional clerk for the discharge of his duties and shall keep a full and regular docket in which every case is entered and all the proceedings had in each case.

By order of the Secretary of War:

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, Va., February 1, 1864.

Major-General HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner of Exchange, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have treated the papers that you speak of in your letter of the 23rd rather as the debris of the exchange business, which was to be passed through informally. At present I am awaiting an answer to my proposition from Mr. Ould, having had no official answer.

In regard to matters arising before I took charge we stand in this way: As commissioner of exchange I send forward such inquiries and formal papers as are necessary in the course of business. Commissioner Ould has returned answers by formal indorsements.

I thank you for your courtesy, and will only add that I am endeavoring so to manage this business as to avoid any personal collision; to maintain my personal respect and the honor of the Government. I don't mean to make difficulties about personal matters. When a difference arises it will be a perfectly distinct one, which will justify me in taking the issue. If you will have the kindness to forward me the papers mentioned in your note I will see the proper disposition made of them. They were sent to you while I was absent in the course of office business.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

57 R R--SERIES II, VOL VI

