
use be erected at once; also that two buildings, with proper drainage, be erected for laundry use, one for the troops, the other for the prisoners, and that certain days be set apart for the purposes of washing and cleaning. That the pest house or smallpox hospital be removed to the farther end of the island; at present it is in too close proximity to the troops. That a plank walk be built a round the prison yard at the foot of the stairs leading to the quarters.

And we would further suggest that barracks be erected for those troops now quartered on the island in tents. As they are now situated the stoves used by them are much too large, heating the small tents to such a degree that much sickness must be the result.

Very respectfully submitted.

S. B. M. READ,

Lieutenant Colonel and Actg. Asst. Insp. General, 3rd Div., 6th Corps.

J. B. PETHERBRIDGE,

Surgeon, First Brigade, Third Division, Sixth Corps.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

PRISON, JOHNSON'S ISLAND, January 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General TERRY, Commanding Post Sandusky:

SIR: I made a communication a few days ago directed to Lieutenant-Colonel Peirson, or the commanding officer of the post, and as I have not been favored with a reply, I infer that it has not reached you.

I now ask your attention to the points therein referred to, partly as a matter of just complaint on the part of prisoners and partly that the simple statement of facts may reach you, in the hope that an officer of rank who has seen active service in the field may not think such treatment the best or most honorable way of subduing an enemy.

First. Since the privates confined to hard labor have left the island, and also the private soldiers of the confederate States, the officers confined here have ben required to dig sinks, remove privies, and load piles of kitchen garbage in Johnson's carts. I need not inform you that such degrading duties are never performed by officers and are contrary to the usages of war among civilized nations, and not inflicted on Federal officers prisoners in Richmond. Such offices are the more humiliating as Mr. Johnson, proprietor of the island, has the benefit of the "garbage" as a manure, hauls it away, and could be easily required to load it with his farm hands, and as it is easily practicable to send us a few privates of our own army held as prisoners by your Government.

Second. the fuel supplied us (as no doubt also that of your own troops) is all green and of such trees, elms, linn, &amp;c., as are no ever used as fuel in the army when in garrison. it gives no heat, and can only be consumed after constant effort by the use of the boards obtained from express boxes, which we eagerly look for more as fire kindling than for the contents so kindly contributed by relatives. pardon me for saying that some one is defrauding your Government, as well as inflicting unnecessary punishment on us, not intended by your authorities. It is of frequent occurrence that our messes can cook no meals for an entire day, and that many have been compelled to get in bed by day in order to seek some warmth. In my own room we have been many hours without the day in the most inclement weather of this month.

Third. Our officers have been (and up to a recent date) frequently "fired on" by day and night by sentinels when by accident or to avoid

