
mud and water they have passed a few feet outside the line of stakes, but more frequently while passing to as privy at night, on the plea that "not more than one should enter them a the same time. " If any such absurd rule has been adapted by your predecessor it has never been published in the yard.

Fourth. The water supplied by wells in the yard is often deficient, and during a thaw is chiefly supplied by surface drainage, un whole some and of nauseous taste. When permitted to heat water from the lake no fixed hours are allotted, and officers are often compelled to stand in the severest weather an hour waiting for the opening of the gate after notice has been sent in to the yard, or go without water, as they often prefer to do.

Fifth. The meat supplied to the messes is, with a few exceptions, composed of necks, shanks, pieces of thin ribs, and other refuse parts, no ever in "quarters" of beef, as should be done, thus doubtless defrauding your Government. We are supplied with a very limited quantity of vinegar at all times, often none at all; with no vegetables, except occasionally hominy or beans, but excellent bread and coffee, and sugar in tolerable quality and quantity.

Our messes are not allowed to employ any one to make purchases of food in Sandusky, either for the hospital, as Federal prisoners are permitted to do in Richmond, as I can assert from personal knowledge, confirmed by officers of your division now here.

The condition of the hospital in respect to bedding and food essential to invalids and convalescents, medicines, vessels, and attendance, calls earnestly for reform.

Permit me to express the hope that, so far as compatible with the orders under which you are acting, you will cause to be paid such attention to our wants as humanity suggests, and as we have the right to expect from one who has felt the hardships of war and would, therefore, mitigate its sufferings.

it is due to our selves to add that we shall bear without a murmur to you all such restrictions and privation on Federal officers now prisoners in the hands of the confederate Government at Richmond, or which may be directed by orders from Washington.

We have felt it a duty to give our Government, as opportunity offered, a true and impartial account of our prison treatment here, and shall continue to do so as we best can. I hope you may find it compatible with your duties to visit the yard and look into the condition of things with your own eyes,

Respectfully, I am, your obedient servant,

I. R. TRIMBLE,

Major-General, Provisional Army Confederate States.

P. S. -It would be a great convenience to us it some distinct arrangement could be made by which we can use our money in paying for washing, cooking, and other incidental expenses.

I. R. T.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Johnson's Island, January 27, 1864.

The objection to the supply of water is not allowed. At the regular calls, from 10 to 12 a. m. and from 2 to 4 p. m., squads of fifty prisoners at a time are allowed, under proper guard, to draw water from the lake.

Lieutenant-Colonel Peirson having control of the administrative powers of the prison, and having no knowledge of the orders of the

