
[Third indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 18, 1864.

These applicants were ordered to hard labor on the application the Secretary of the Navy because of the confinement in Charleston of three colored seamen of the U. S. Navy. They might have permission to address a letter to the authorities in Richmond representing their case.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Fourth indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, February 18, 1864.

Approved.

By order of the Secretary of War:

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, February 2, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith copy of a cartel*for exchange of prisoners agreed upon by commissioner as appointed by Major General R. Taylor, C. S. Army, and myself, respectively, covering captures from our respective commands, with copies also of the correspondence in that matter.

I also inclose a list of prisoners of war included in this cartel who have been sent North at various times, and would request that said prisoners may be forwarded to this department to be turned over to Major-General Taylor in exchange for those whom he has already delivered to me.

It will be observed that this exchange was effected with th distinct announcement that the commissioner on my part could not entertain or discuss any proposition in which the rights as soldiers of the colored troops should be disregarded.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 22, 1864.

Respectfully submitted for the consideration of the Secretary of War.

The cartel of January 4, herewith inclosed, provides for the release on parole of the excess of Federal prisoners held by the enemy, to be exchanged for an equivalent number in our hands, this agreement being subject to the approval of the War Department.

The list of prisoners sent North, referred to by General Banks as inclosed in his letter, has not been received, nor have I received any notice of the arrival at the North of any prisoners from General Banks' department, except 222 officers captured at Port Hudson. I have reported to the Adjutant-General the exchange, which was completed

---------------

*See January 4, 1864, p. 817.

---------------

