
two years Mrs. Carr has had, by authority from the different commanders of this corps, free access to the hospitals of the army in Baltimore and vicinity, but under the present orders, without permission from Washington, she states that admission is denied her to those hospitals where rebel prisoners are held. The unceasing kindness of this lady to our own sick and wounded soldiers entitles her request to as favorable consideration as the interests of the service will admit. Should it be deemed improper to give permission to Mrs. Carr to have personal interviews with the rebel prisoners in this hospital, she desires liberty to take to the matron such articles as, upon inquiry of her, she should ascertain would contribute to their comfort and not contravene the regulations of the hospital.

I am, colonel, with great respect, your obedient servant,

E. W. ANDREWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., February 4, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Surgeon Simpson, medical director Middle Department, who will please report if there is any necessity for contributions of any kind to rebel prisoners at the West's Buildings Hospital to alleviate their sufferings; and if so, whether a deviation from the present regulations, as within requested, would be attended with any inconvenience.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Second indorsement.]

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE, MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,

Baltimore, February 5, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Surg. T. H. Bache, U. S. Volunteers, for report.

J. SIMPSON,

Surgeon, U. S. Army, and Medical Director.

[Third indorsement.]

WEST'S BUILDINGS HOSPITAL,

Baltimore, February 8, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the medical director.

I deem it not only unnecessary but highly improper for ladies to visit his hospital. It is no place for them excepting when a near relative is very ill. There is no absolute necessity to send contributions of any kind. Still, as it is difficult to conduct a hospital on a 20-cent valuation of the ration without contributions of food, I would be glad to receive contributions of wholesome food-not custards, cakes, jellies, and pies-provided the said food is not brought by ladies in carriages, as was formerly done, but sent by servants, as ladies generally send such articles from their houses. I sincerely hope the Commissary-General of Prisoners will not deviate in this case from the present regulations, which appear to me to be working well. Granting the within request will be attended with inconvenience. In behalf of myself I respectfully request that no interference with the affairs of this hospital will be permitted by those having no authority to do so.

THOS. HEWSONBACHE,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, in Charge.

