
[Fourth indorsement.]

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE, MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,

Baltimore, February 9, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Colonel William Hoffman, commissary-General of Prisoners, whose attention is invited to the preceding indorsement by Surg. T. H. Bache, U. S. Volunteers, in charge of West's Buildings Hospital. The opinion expressed by him meets with my entire approval.

J. SIMPSON,

Surgeon, U. S. Army, and Medical Director.

CHICAGO, ILL., February 2, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have made a thorough inspection of Camp Douglas, at this post, a detailed report of which I send herewith.

I shall leave to-morrow for Rock Island, Ill., and thence for Springfield, Ill.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. CLARK,

Surgeon and Acting medical Inspector Prisoners of War.

[Inclosure.]

Report of inspection of camps and filed hospitals at Chicago, Ill., February 1, 1864, by A. M. Clark, surgeon and acting medical inspector of prisoners of war.

Designation of camp-Camp Douglas. Commander of camp-Colonel De Land, First Michigan Sharpshooter; Brigadier General W. W. Orme, commanding district. Command and strength-prisoners of war, 5,581; Federal troops, 1,781; total, 7,362. Location of camp-southern limits of city. Water, source an supply-city water-works, twelve hydrants in camp, sufficient. Water, quality and effects-good. Fuel-wood and coal, abundant. Soil-light sand with about three to five inches of alluvial deposition surface. Drainage-insufficient at present, but to be improved when weather permits. Topography-Ground nearly flat, requiring artificial drainage. Police of camp-very much neglected. Discipline in camp-very lax. Duties in camp-such prisoners as desire to work are employed on the improvements now in progress. Tents or huts, position-barracks, all to be removed to the western division. Tents or huts, pattern and quality-one story, much dilapidated. Tents or huts, ventilation and removal-no ventilation. Tents or huts, heating-sufficient, by stoves. Sinks, construction, condition, and position-very good, built over central sewer and so arranged as to be flushed with water and drained into sewer, well covered in by closed sheds. Sinks, management-not well managed, buildings in bad police; little care would suffice to keep sweet and clean. Removal of offal, &amp;c. -but carelessly attended to. Rations-abundant and of good quality. Cooking in camp-mostly done in well-furnished cookhouses, partly over camp fires. Inspection of food-none after issue of rations. Portable ovens=brad of very good quality issued by commissary. Vegetables-sufficient. Cleanliness of men and clothing-

