
filthy. quality of clothing-poor, brought by prisoners, donations, condemned United States. Quantity of clothing-apparently sufficient except overcoats. Blankets and bedding-supply sufficient. Condition of men-filthy except in hospital, where they are neat and clean. Hospital buildings, tents, police, discipline, diet and cooking, heat and ventilation-barracks in southern part of inclosure; chapel also used as hospital, containing sixty-six beds; police admirable, cooking well done and inspected; kitchens insufficient, but with utensils in very good order; diet good; no laundry, but one is in process of erection; washing at present done outside by contract. A new hospital for prisoners is in process of erection, containing four wards, with necessary accessories; each ward 100 by 28 by 13 1/2 feet in dimensions, accommodating a total of 189 patients; will be well ventilated and in every respect well adapted for its purpose. Hospital capacity-234; in quarters, 250 beds at present. Number sick-prisoners in hospital, 234; in quarters, 250. State of medical supplies and surgical instruments sufficient and in very good order. State of hospital records and accounts-very well kept. State of hospital fund-$246. 21. Expenditures, January, $481. 48, for articles of diet, washing, &amp;c. Reports-well kept up. Requisitions-promptly filled. Medical attendance-sufficient; one surgeon, four acting assistant surgeons (one under arrest). Nursing-by convalescents and detail of prisoners. Interments-by contract in city cemetery. Diseases prevalent-pneumonia, chronic diarrhea, measles, typho-malarial and malarial fevers. Diseases zymotic-smallpox; at present twenty-six cases in smallpox hospital, twenty-five prisoners, one garrison. Diseases, mitigation and prevention of-everything is done that can be as far as hospital treatment is concerned; the condition of the barracks invites disease; vaccination strictly enforced in prison and garrison. Wounds and operations, recoveries from diseases, recoveries from wounds, mortality from diseases, mortality from wounds, military history, orders or advice: Prison-December report, total strength, 5,750; aggregate sick, 2,443; deaths, 57; per cent. of deaths to total strength, 0099; to sick, 023; average daily sick, 375. January, total strength, 5,581; aggregates sick,2,960; deaths, 55; per cent. of deaths total strength,. 0098; to sick,. 018; average daily sick,486. Garrison-December report, total strength,1,404; aggregate sick, 617; deaths, 6; per cent. of deaths to total strength, . 0042; to sick,. 0097; average daily sick, 265. January, total strength, 1,781; aggregate sick, 1,007; deaths, 11; per cent. of deaths to total strength, . 0061; to sick,. 010; average daily sick, 244.

Medical officers-Surg. A. F. Whelan, First Michigan Sharpshooters, in charge. Prison hospital-four acting assistant surgeons (Doctor Lee under arrest). Post hospital-two assistant surgeons, one acting assistant surgeon.

the commandant of the district, General Orme, is making several changes in the disposition of the camp, and from the confusion thus caused it is difficult to report on the general condition of the camp. It is proposed to remove the prisoners' barracks entirely into the western division of the camp, leaving the eastern division for Federal troops and the hospitals. the floors have been removed from the barracks to prevent the prisoners from tunneling underneath them. the floors of many of the barracks being several inches below the surface, the floors are hence constantly wet sand muddy. I have suggested that the barracks be raised on posts two or three feet high, so as to afford a clear view beneath them and allow the prisoners the advantage of a floor. The cook-houses are not yet completely furnished, but this will be

