
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., February 3, 1864.

Dr. EDWARD WARREN,

Surgeon-General of North Carolina, Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: Your letter of the 25th ultimo, asking passport to the United States for certain purposes, was referred to Robert Ould, esq., agent of exchange, who reports that he has proposed to the commissioner of exchange of the United States that the prisoners of war on each side shall be attended by a proper number of their own surgeons, who shall be permitted to take charge of their health and comfort and to act as commissioners, with power to receive and distribute contributions of money, food, clothing, and medicines.

Your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va. February 3, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN H. WINDER:

GENERAL: You will hold as prisoners of war, subject to orders of Robert Ould, esq., commissioner of exchange, Daniel Gould and his fifty-six associates, the subject of Isaac H. Carrington's, esq., report Numbers 492, who were captured in Upshur County, Va., while drilling as militia under orders of the treasonable government of Virginia.

By order of the Secretary of War:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

ANDERSONVILLE, GA., February 3, 1864.

Major A. M. ALLEN:

SIR: I received yours of the 14th of January, and have to thank you for your attention to the matter therein contained.

I shall soon have the Yankee prisoners at this post, and as I am instructed by the Quartermaster-General, first, to call upon the nearest commissary for supplies, I now write to know in what quantities you can supply me beyond the possibility of failure. In regard to corn and meal, I can relieve you of the trouble in that matter, as I can draw that insufficient supply from the quartermaster's department, but I shall want beef, meat, flour, sugar, molasses, rice, soap, candles, &amp;c. You can give me meat or beef as you please; sugar I shall only want for hospital purposes, and shall not require a large quantity of flour. I shall have 10,000 prisoners at this post, and you can easily calculate what I shall require. Mr. Harrold cannot begin to furnish me with one half what I shall need. The beef which you turn over to me I do not want stripped of the tallow, as I intend to manufacture candles at this place. All beef which has been heretofore sent me by Mr. Harrold, he has(so he says) taken out the tallow, by your orders. Please give your earliest attention to answer it in this, as I shall want to hear from you before I make other arrangements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. WINDER.

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

