
Fish, giving me the information that these men were still in New York talking treason boldly and openly, to the Adjutant-General, with the request that General Dix's attention should b called to the necessity of arresting Richardson and Joyce. Under instructions from the War Department they were arrested and forwarded to these headquarters, and incompliance with verbal orders from the Secretary of War I had directed that they should be confined in Fort Delaware during the continuance of the present rebellion.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY H. LOCKWOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., February 4, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM WALLACE,

Commanding Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 29th instant, in relation to rations issued to prisoners of war in the Ohio penitentiary, is received. Please inform me of the conditions on which they are held in the penitentiary, at what rates per day per man, and what other charges. I have forgotten how these items were stated on the bills presented some time since, but I remember that there were charges for personal attendance on prisoners, in making purchases for them, in carrying messages, &amp;c., which, if they are rendered, must be paid for by the prisoners themselves. There was a charge also for taking care of property, which should be stored with the quartermaster. Allow no expenses to be incurred except when it is unavoidable. Issues to the prisoners in the penitentiary will be governed by the same scale as for other prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 14. Richmond, February 4, 1864.

The following order is published for the information of all concerned:

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, February 1, 1864.

Exchange Notice Numbers 8.

1. All prisoners heretofore held by the U. S. authorities, whether officers, soldiers, or civilians, received at City Point before the 1st of January, 1864, are hereby declared exchanged.

2. All officers and men of the Vicksburg capture, who reported for duty at Enterprise, Miss., at anytime prior to the 14th of November, 1863, and whose names were forwarded tome by Major General John H. Forney, are declared exchanged.

3. All officers and men of the Vicksburg capture belonging to the First Tennessee Heavy Artillery, who reported for duty at Marietta, Ga., and whose names were forwarded to me by Colonel A. Jackson, are declared exchanged.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

