
thus mutually resume I shall expect to meet Major-General Butler within the limits of his department for the purpose of adjusting such details as may be necessary and proper.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

WASHINGTON, February 6, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER, Commanding:

SIR: It is understood that the exchanges proposed through the citizen prisoners Shackleford and others may be effected, provided we on our side disclaim the purpose of claiming the right to select both parties for exchange. I will thank you to instruct Major Mulford to inform Mr. Ould distinctly that we do not claim such a right in any manner.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEAST ARKANSAS,Batesville, Ark., February 6, 1864.

Colonel T. R. FREEMAN, C. S. Army:

I am directed by the colonel commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your communication under date 3rd instant, conveyed under flag of truce by Captain Wolf, and rendering up four Federal soldiers, prisoner-of war, to be exchanged for four others, tow it, Jesse Ritchie, of Company K (Captain Wolf), Fry of Company C, Peter Young of Company I, and Washington, Mitchell, a detailed teamster, who are here with returned to you through Captain Wolf. The colonel commanding wishes me to state that he has no alternative in regard to the wearing of Federal uniforms by the enemies of the United States. When his men are caught wearing your uniforms they must and the consequences, but where they are in their own regular uniform of the arm of service to which they properly belong, he expects you will treat them kindly and as your own men are treated by him. Should your soldiers retaliate unjustifiably upon his men, he desires me to state that he will treat them as murderers. He does not object to your killing his men if you catch them in Confederate uniform, and will carry out his orders with regard to all Confederates wearing the uniform of the United States.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. FILLEBROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., February 6, 1864.

Brigadier General H. D. TERRY,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Sandusky, Ohio:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 1st instant, inclosing report of inspection of the depot and other papers. the immediate removal of the rebel officers from the depot will give an opportunity to put the barracks and police of the prisoners in a proper condition. Such improvements in the barracks for ventilation and other necessary purposes should be made as soon as practi-

