
cable, as there will be prisoners enough to fill them up very soon. Colonel Hill suggested to me some time since the propriety of moving the rear fence back some sixty feet, which I approved, and I recommend that it be done at once. The sinks heretofore prepared have been of too temporary a character, being altogether too shallow, and if possible they should be sunk fifteen to twenty feet. The rock is of a peculiar character and difficult to blast, but I presume it can be done. The original plan of the depot contemplated that wells should be dug at various places within the inclosure, but it was abandoned inconsequence of the want of intelligent laborers to do the blasting and an arrangement for obtaining the water from the bay adopted in its place. This answers very well for summer, but not for winter. I presume it will be impossible to remedy this defect while the ground is full of water.

On the removal of the officers I presume your brigade will be relieved from duty at the depot, as the Ohio regiment under Colonel Hill will be ample for the purpose of guarding all the prisoners that can be accommodated there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, February 6, 1864.

Colonel J. B. ROGERS, Cape Girardeau:

I much regret you failed to restrain your men from the unlawful proceedings resulting in the hanging of Bolin. Such acts of violence demoralize both soldiers and citizens. Take prompt and decisive steps to restrain further violence toward the prisoners yet in custody. I would prefer that no such villains be taken prisoners, but after they have been captured and imprisoned within our lines, law and order and the well-being of the community imperatively demand that they receive a proper trial, and be punished for their crimes in the manner prescribed by law.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

OFFICE COMMISSIONER FOR EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, Va., February 7, 1864.

Honorable ROBERT OULD, Agent for Exchange, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Will you please inform me if the remains of Major George W. Stought can be recovered. He was wounded and taken prisoner at the battle of Chickamauga, and died in Libby Prison.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General and Commissioner for Exchange.

OFFICE COMMISSIONER FOR EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, Va., February 7, 1864.

Honorable ROBERT OULD, Agent for Exchange, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to call your attention to the fact that Surg. I. F. Galloupe, Seventeenth Massachusetts Volunteers, and Asst. Surg.

