
R. T. Baker, Twelfth New York Cavalry, were captured at New Berne, N. c., on the 1st instant, and are now in the hands of your authorities.

I have, therefore, to request that you will cause these officers to be sent here by the next flag of truce.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General and Commissioner for Exchange.

OFFICE COMMISSIONER FOR EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, Va., February 7, 1864.

Honorable ROBERT OULD, Agent for Exchange, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Will your authorities make a special exchange of Lieutenant Green leaf Cilley, Forth Ohio Volunteers, a prisoner of war at Libby Prison?

This Government is willing to give any officer of equal rank in the Confederate service for him.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General and Commissioner for Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS CORPS D'AFRIQUE,Port Hudson, La., February 7, 1864.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners:

GENERAL: A long and serious illness has prevented by answering your communication of December 2, 1863, which reached me after much delay, until now.

The letter from an officer at this post to which you refer was unauthorized and the statements therein made were unsupported by any evidence. There have been many rumors and many statements based upon hearsay evidence, to the effect that our colored soldiers have been hung or shot by the rebels; but until very recently I have had no positive evidence of the facts. A man from Jackson, La., Has recently made a statement at Baton rouge, under oath, that just after the affair at Jackson, La., last August between a detachment of colored troops from this place and a large force of rebels under General Logan, he saw a rebel Lieutenant Shattuck shoot some wounded colored soldiers then lying on the ground. this is confirmed by the statements, under oath, of two colored men who came from Jackson last week. they also state that captured colored soldiers were at that time taken in to the wood by rebel soldier, who afterward stated that they had shot them. And these colored men say that they afterward found in that direction the bodies of several colored soldiers.

At the time of the affair above mentioned I sent a communication to the rebel General Logan, informing him of rumors and reports concerning the shooting, hanging, and ill-treatment of colored soldiers, and calling upon him to disavow such acts and punish the perpetrators. ; He replied, denying that such acts had been committed. This matter has been reported to Major-General Banks and the papers recently obtained have been sent to him, and I am informed that a communication on the subject is to be sent immediately to the rebel commander in this department.

