
I am satisfied that rebel soldiers, with the connivance and assistance of their officers, have abused and shot some of our captured colored soldiers. I am of the opinion that no captured officers of colored troops have been shot, but that they have been abused more or less. As already observed, it is only within a few days that I have been able to obtain any positive, reliable evidence of the perpetration of these outrages, although I have made every effort to obtain such evidence. All the rebel prisoners claim to know nothing of the matter. I learn that the Texan troops in Western Louisiana openly state that they will take no colored soldiers prisoners. This statement is made by Texan refugees.

I believe I have now given you the substance of the information in by possession of this subject.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier General of Vols., Commanding Corps d'Afrique and Post of Port Hudson.

RICHMOND, VA., February 17, 1864.

Major General H. COBB, Atlanta, Ga.:

GENERAL: I am about to establish a cantonment at Andersonville in your State, for the safe-keeping of the Federal prisoners now in this city, numbering from 10,000 to 12,000, and I am greatly in want of an efficient commander for so important and responsible a command.

It is due to Georgia that this commander should be a citizen of the State in which the cantonment is situated, in order, as far as possible, to allay any sectional prejudices which might be anticipated.

The officer for the command should be one holding the rank of either brigadier-general or colonel, unassigned by reason of wounds or other disability. Can you recommend such a one? I ask this of you from your known acquaintance with the citizens of your State. Colonel Magill, of First Georgia Regulars, has applied to me for the situation, but I fear he will not answer, and I understand further that his record is not altogether such as would entitle him to so responsible a command.

I would have desired that the entire guard for that cantonment should be composed of Georgia troops, but this appears to be impossible in account of the threatening aspect of affairs in Georgia in the approaching campaign, which will require every able bodied man from the State for the field.

I propose, therefore, making arrangements for drawing a sufficient force for the purpose from your late command in Florida, believing that a large portion of that force will be composed of former residents of Georgia, who have emigrated to Florida.

Please let me hear from you soon, either by mail or telegraph, the latter preferable if you can in that way answer my question definitely.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF HENRICO,Richmond, February 7, 1864.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: In obedience to your instructions I have the honor to state that I propose to send the prisoners to Andersonville, Ga., by the

