
at the following conclusions: That all serious complaints concerning the rations refer to a period of time prior to the first week or ten days in December. The rations for the garrison and prisoners of war have been furnished at Camp Douglas by the contractors direct and not through a regular commissary. Prior to the 10th day of November, 1863. Since November 10,, 1863, and by contract of that date, the contractors were the same individuals, but passing under the firm name of John McGinnis, Jr. &amp;Co. All parts of the ration except fresh beef have been issued by the contractors or their clerks direct to the troops and prisoners of war. Fresh beef has been issued by sub-contractor named Curtis direct to troops and prisoners of war. Pread has been delivered by sub-contractors, Kendall & Sons, at the camp and issued by the contractors. In the contract of April 11, 1863, the article of pepper is omitted from the ration named in said contract. As to the different parts of the ration, the evidence, in my opinion, establishes: First, that the pork and bacon has not been inferior in quality or quantity to what is required by the contract. Second, the salt beef used has been a good article. Third, that the fresh beef has been deficient both in quality and quantity, as a general rule only the poorer parts of the beef being issued and in quantities below the proper weight; that this deficiency has been in quality and quantity to an extent of from 20 to 40 percent. and has inured to the benefit of the sub-contractors furnishing and issuing it at the camp (the deficiency in quantity, however, only extends to the beef furnished to prisoners of war). Fourth, the flour has been a fair merchantable article and not deficient in weight. The bread has been of good quality, but there have been complaints as to deficiency in quantity or weight of fresh bread. I am inclined to the conclusion, however, that it has been generally correct in quantity and that confusion has arisen from the use of three different sizes of loaves-one a proper ration loaf of twenty-two ounces; one a loaf of twenty ounces called the cottage loaf, and the third a loaf of forty ounces called the home-made loaf, the two last described loaves being made for city use. The ration loaf was usually counted when issued and the others weighed, and although complaint has been made of the shortness of weight of bread, I cannot conclude, from all the evidence before me, that it has been so, nor that any benefit has inured to any party from such deficit, if it exist. Fifth, the beans have been of good quality, but have been short in quantity one-half peas, the peas issued being whole peas and declared by some of those using them as too hard, while others have preferred them As the peas and beans are fixed at the same price in the contract, I cannot state that any benefit has inured to any one by this occurrence. Sixth, rice and hominy have not been deficient in either quality or quantity. Seventh, ground coffee was issued prior to December 1, 1863, and was everything else but pure ground coffee, as indeed might be evident from the contract price-10 cents per pound-while green coffee was contracted for at 30 cents per pound. the contractors kept on hand green coffee, but it does not appear from the evidence of soldiers and prisoners that they were informed that they could draw green coffee, and, as a general rule, they received the article named "ground coffee," but it does not appear that a large number of the officers were so informed, and Colonel De Land, who was in command of the camp since August, 1863, testifies: "In regard to coffee, I never paid any attention to that, for I instructed all persons

