
may by construed into an absolute release, and that these men will be immediately placed in the ranks of the enemy. Such has been the case elsewhere.

If these prisoners have not been allowed to depart you will retain them till further orders.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, July 8, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM H. LUDLOW, Fort Monroe:

COLONEL: Your letter of July 4, inclosing copy of letter of R. Ould, agent of exchange, dated July 1, in regard to the case of Doctor Rucker, is received. * As understood here, Doctor Rucker's alleged offenses were committed in West Virginia, within the territory militarily occupied at the time by the troops of the United States. If so, by the laws and usages of war the authorities at Richmond have no jurisdiction in his case. If Mr. Ould will release all our medical officers except Doctor Rucker, you will reciprocate by releasing all theirs except one to be retained as a hostage for Doctor Rucker, or if Doctor Rucker is released you will release the hostage. If it should be found that Doctor Rucker is properly retained under the cartel or found guilty and punished according to the laws and usages of war, the hostage will be given up. But if improperly retained and punished retaliation must be resorted to.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 8, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: The Secretary of War instructs me to say that until further orders no Confederate prisoners of war will be sent from Fort Delaware to City Point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., July 8, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN S. MASON, Commanding, Columbus, Ohio:

GENERAL: It is possible that for some time the depot at Johnson's Island will be required for officers, and perhaps some few citizens, and I therefore request you will send there from Camp Chase only rebel officers. Please notify me of the prison being crowded, that arrangements may be made for delivering them for exchange.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

---------------

* Two copies of Ould's letter are on the files of the War Department, one dated June 23, 1863, and the other July 1, 1863. Excepting the date, they are identical.

---------------

