
Second. Resolved, That, in the opinion of this General Assembly, it would consist with true dignity, is recommended by a just regard to considerations of humanity and sound policy, stands justified by reason, and would commend itself to the approbation of the world, that the objections naturally felt by the President to authorizing official intercourse to be held with the agent of exchange appointed on the part of the United States should be waived, and that negotiations for a return under cartel to the exchange of prisoners of war held by both parties, so far as the interruption thereof may be due to that cause, should be resumed.

Third. Resolved, That the firmness and ability wherewith the rights and honor, the fairness, humanity, and good faith of the people of the Confederate States have been upheld and manifested in the conduct heretofore of these negotiations by the Confederate authorities are entitled to and receive the acknowledgments and high approval of the General Assembly of Virginia.

Fourth. Resolved, That the foregoing preamble and resolutions be communicated in confidence to our Senators and Representatives in Congress, and that they be requested, in such form as they may deem best, to aid in giving them effect.

Fifth. Resolved, That they be specially and respectfully presented to the President of the Confederate States by the president of the Senate and the speaker of the House of Delegates, in person, and that he be informed that his permitting the negotiations for the exchange of prisoners, now suspended, to be reopened between the agents of the respective Governments would meet the entire approval of this General Assembly, but nothing contained in said resolutions shall be construed as advising the withdrawal or modification of the proclamation of the President of the Confederate States against Benjamin F. Butler.

A copy from the roll.

Teste:

WM. F. GORDON, JR.,

Clerk House of Delegates and Keeper of Rolls.

FORT MONROE, February 9, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

Shall I send a flag-of-truce boat up with women and children? I have a large number in and about Norfolk that I want to get rid of. If so, I will do it on Wednesday, the 17th instant, and will telegraph notices to Baltimore, Washington, Philadelphia, and New York papers. Please answer whether I shall make the declaration proposed, that all prisoners released by us have been exchanged, so they may return to duty.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSIONER FOR EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, Va., February 9, 1864.

Honorable ROBERT OULD, Agent for Exchange, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to request that you will ask your authorities to make the following exchanges:

Henry Bowers, a citizen of Walker County, Ga., for I. F. Early, a citizen of Hamilton county, Tenn. ; Halburt Cole, a citizen of Walker

