
plan for this has been approved by the commanding officer and depot quartermaster and will soon be erected. The absolute necessity for an increase of the water supply and for a system of drainage is recognized by the depot quartermaster and prompt attention is promised. I feel the less hesitance, sir, in suggesting and strongly urging these improvements at this post in view of its expected permanency as a U. S. station. the hospital proposed can be at any time after the removal of the prisoners used as a U. S. general hospital or as barracks for troops; and the proposed water-words and accompanying system of drainage will always be of service. I shall leave to-morrow morning for Springfield, Ill., and thence to Alton and Saint Louis.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. CLARK,

Surgeon and Acting Medical Inspector of Prisoners of War.

[Inclosure.]

Report of inspection of camp and field hospitals at Rock Island, Ill.,

February 4 to 7, 1864, by Surg. A. M. Clark, acting medical inspector prisoners of war.

Designation of camp-U. S. military prison, Rock Island, Ill. Commander of camp-Colonel A. J. Johnson, Invalid Corps. Command and strength-prisoners of war, 7,149; Federal troops, 16 companies Invalid Corps, 1,361; aggregate, 8,510. Location of camp-Rock Island, in Mississippi River, between cities of Rock Island, Ill., and Davenport, Iowa. Time occupied-first prisoners arrived December 3, 1863. Water, source and supply-chiefly from river by steam pump; one artisan well in camp, bore 9 inches by 125 feet capacity. Water, quality and effects-very good, especially that form well, but supply insufficient. (See remarks.) Fuel-bituminous coal; wood to a small extent. Soil-alluvial deposit, one to sex feet in depth, on limestone rock. Drainage-natural facilities good, though requiring blasting through rock; present system utterly inadequate. Topography-island of limestone rock, about three miles long, half a mile wide, lying east and west, west end cleared, remainder chiefly young woodland. Meteorology-prevailing winds south and southeast, frequent rains. Zymotic influences-extensive swamp on south border of camp requiring drainage or will be productive of miasmatic disease. Police of camp-bad as regards grounds; in barracks, most excellent, far excelling may Federal barracks. discipline in camp-policing. Tents or huts, position-84 barracks, arranged 6 rows of 14, streets 100 feet wide, distance between barracks 40 feet. Tents or huts, pattern and quality-one story, raised 1 to 3 feet from ground, 82 by 22 by 12 feet, 10 windows; cook-house at end of barracks, new and well built. Tents or huts, ventilation and removal- 2 ventilators in roof of each barrack 4 by 2 feet, insufficient without aid of windows. Tents or huts, sufficiency-60 double bunks in each barrack, accommodating 120, total 10,080. Tents or huts, heating-sufficient, 2 stoves in each barrack. Sinks, construction, condition and position-very faulty, excavating but 2 to 6 feet deep, owing to rock; absolutely necessary to employ movable sinks or build them over river, otherwise all the spare ground within the inclosure will soon become a seething mass of filth. Sinks, management-very faulty. Removal of offal, &amp;c. -tolerably, but not thoroughly attended to. Previous use of camp-woodland. Rations-abundant and of good quality. Cooking in camp-cook house at end of each barrack, 18 by 22 by 12 feet, one 40 gallon caldron in each, utensils sufficient and in good order. Inspection of food-none after issue. Portable ovens-

