
brad furnished by contract; quality good. Vegetables-a sufficient supply. Cleanliness of men and clothing-clean and neat to a degree utterly surprising in a prison camp. Quality and quantity of clothing-brought by prisoners, condemned United States; supply insufficient. Blankets-supply sufficient; no bedding in hospital, except a small supply of straw and sufficient blankets. Habits of men-comparatively neat and cleanly from discipline. Condition of men-in barracks, excellent; in hospital, as clean and comfortable as practicable without hospital clothing or bedding and with inadequate laundry facilities. Hospital buildings and tents-none yet erected except in smallpox hospital; 11 prison barracks occupied, giving 462 beds; pest house, 2 small dwellings with capacity for about 62 (occupied by 51); 2 barracks completed, 108; 1 barrack not completed, 54, and 3 ordered, 162; total accommodation pest barracks, 324 beds. Police of hospital-tolerably good; pest house, bad. Hospital discipline-not at all strict. Hospital diet and cooking-diet good; cooking well done, but food not properly inspected by medical officer. Hospital heat and ventilation-sufficiently heated by stoves, 3 in each barrack, 5 in each pest-house, 324 beds; new hospital to be erected, 700 beds. Number sick-morning report, February 9, in pesthouse, 336. Transportation of sick-3 ambulances for prison and post hospitals. State of medical supplies and surgical instruments-sufficient and in very good order. r State of hospital records-not strictly kept or showing the exact present condition of the hospital. State of hospital fund-January 31, 1864, &amp;347. 61. Expenditures-$546. 70, for articles of diet, $c. Reports-not promptly kept up. Medical attendance-sufficient in number, but inadequate in skill; 1 assistant surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, 10 acting assistant surgeons. Nursing-by convalescents and detail of prisoners. Interments-in grave-yard on island; condition very good, well cared for. Diseases prevalent-smallpox, pneumonia, intermittent fever. Diseases zymotic-smallpox. Diseases, mitigation and prevention of-proper precautions have not been taken or sought for with sufficient energy. Wounds and operations, recoveries from diseases and wounds, mortality from diseases and wounds-the following data are all that can be ascertained with any degree of accuracy: total deaths during January, 173; cases smallpox, 297; deaths, smallpox, 62; percentage, 20. 87. February 1 to 8, cases smallpox, 159; deaths, smallpox, 36; percentage, 22. 64. Number vaccinated to February 8, 3,613. Total cases smallpox, 456; total deaths, smallpox, 98; percentage, 21. 40. Garrison-cases smallpox, 8 (included in above); no deaths; sick in post hospital, 63; in quarters, 175. Medical officer-Asst. Surg. M. K. Mowley, U. s. Volunteers, post surgeon, ten acting assistant surgeons. Remarks concerning character and skill: Doctor M. is anxious and tries to do well, but is unfitted by his inexperience for the charge of a post of this magnitude. He is but poorly supported by his assistants, who, with one or tow exceptions, are utterly inefficient.

The water-works are about being removed and improved by the quartermaster's department. A system of drainage is also about to be adopted which will entirely remedy the present defects, as well as furnish drainage for sinks and wash-houses, thus obviating the necessity of placing the former over the river. Additional accommodations at the pest-house are rapidly progressing. Strict instructions as to the steps to be taken in regard to the smallpox have been given. . The ground for the new post and prison hospitals has been located and carefully surveyed.

A. M. CLARK,

Surgeon and Acting Medical Inspector Prisoners of War.

