
[FEBRUARY 11, 1864. -For Peck to Pickett, relative to the execution of certain prisoners belonging to the Second North Carolina Regiment (Union), see Series I, Vol. XXXIII, p. 866.]

BALTIMORE, February 11, 1864-9. 30 a. m.

Major-General BUTLER, Commanding:

Have just found Brengle. Will send him down to-night. Prisoners not yet arrived.

JOHN E. MULFORD,

Major, &amp;c.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., February 11, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commissioner for Exchange, Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 8th instant, giving particulars to identify R. Patterson, a rebel prisoner.

There was a mistake in my letter of the 5th instant in writing Patterson instead of Anderson in the second paragraph. I knew the address of the former and forwarded the letter to him, but I was unable to hive the whereabouts of Anderson without having the details of his place of capture.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 11, 1864.

Honorable S. GALLOWAY,

Special Commissioner, Camp Chase, Ohio:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 27th ultimo, inclosing applications from men who represent themselves as deserters from the rebel army and recommending their cases to favorable consideration.

I agree with you that such cases as you describe should not be held as prisoners of war, but the difficulty is to distinguish those who may with safety be so classed from those who are willing to represent themselves as anything and swear to anything that will secure their release. There are probably many men among the prisoners at Camp Chase who the opportunity, but it is impossible to single them out, and so many rebels have been released under false represent nations of various kinds that the Department will not now release any one unless the proof is very pointed, or the case is strongly recommended by the Governor of the State from which the applicant came.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

