
OFFICE COMMISSIONER FOR EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, Va., February 12, 1864.

Honorable ROBERT OULD, Agent for Exchange, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Will your authorities make a special exchange of Lieutenant e. Charles Parker, Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers, captured at the battle of Gettysburg?

This Government is willing to give any officer of equal rank in exchange for him.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General and Commissioner for Exchange.

WASHINGTON, February 12, 1864.

Colonel HOFFMAN, commissary-General of Prisoners:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that if you have not been furnished with the proper lists of the prisoners mutually delivered at City Point at the close of the month of December last you call upon General Butler to furnish said lists.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commissioner for Exchange.

CAMP MORTON, February 12, 1864.

Colonel A. A. STEVENS, Commanding Camp:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that last night, between the hours of 10 and 12 o'clock, a rebel prisoner named James Barnhart was fired upon and killed by the guard while attempting to escape through a tunnel excavated by the prisoners, running from the east end of Barracks Numbers 5 (G) to the outer side of the fence. Two shots were fired by the guard, both of which took effect, causing almost instant death.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. M. LITTLER,

Captain, Invalid Corps, and Officer of the Day.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAMP MORTON,Indianapolis, Ind., February 15, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel William Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C., with the following statement, resulting from a personal investigation of the facts in the above case: Having become aware from information received that a conspiracy existed among the prisoners, having from its object their escape on the night of the 11th instant (which in all probability was originated by the Confederate officers lately transferred to Camp Chase, Ohio), I gave special instructions to the lieutenant of the guard to make such disposition of the supernumeraries on duty as would, with the regular guard, most effectively secure those points on the line where it was apprehended an attempt would be made. The guard on post 10, opposite the east end of Barracks G (see plat of Camp Morton), was strengthened, as several prisoners had escaped at that point on the preceding night, two of whom were recaptured. The deceased, when first discovered by the guard (according to the inclosed report), had reached the outside of

