
It does not appear from the evidence that when Wilson was unable to meet the orders of Forbes to fill the requisitions made upon him by Captain Warner for fresh beef that Captain Warner, or any one else, in more than two instances, applied to Captain Forbes for meat rations of bacon, bulk pork, or salt beef, according to the tenor of the agreement already adverted to.

In justice to Captain Warner it should be stated that he informed Captain Turner, the commandant of the prisons, that he (Captain Warner) could not procure rations of beef at the times Wilson states he was unable to meet the orders of Captain Forbes; that Captain Turner reported to Winder, and General Winder appears to have referred them to the Quartermaster-General.

It does not appear, however, that the Commissary-General had any information from any quarter that the prisoners of war were not provided with meat rations on the days designated.

These are the material facts collated from a mass of testimony so far as applicable to the condition of prisoners of war held in custody in the city of Richmond.

Your committee are not prepared to censure either of the officers connected with the care, custody, and subsistence of prisoners of war under the obligations imposed by the regulations upon the Quartermaster's Department; nor is your committee able to perceive in what respect the Commissary-General has failed in the performance of any duty devolved upon him under the agreement entered into between the Quartermaster-General and Commissary-General.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

WALTER PRESTON,

Chairman.

WASHINGTON CITY, February 14, 1864 - 12. 30 p. m.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and N. Carolina, Fort Monroe, Va.:

Yesterday's Intelligencer contains an account of a recent interview between Mr. Fulton, of the Baltimore American, and Commissioner Ould, at City Point, in which the latter stated that, with a view of ameliorating the condition of the prisoners on both sides, he had made a proposition to this Government two weeks previous that a number of our surgeons should be allowed to pass through their lines to visit and remain with our prisoners wherever they might be, and with full liberty of the city, and permission to go to any point when necessary for the performance of their duties. They would also be allowed to act as commissaries for the prisoners, and to order through the lines such stores as they might deem necessary and to receive and distribute them. In return he had asked that the same privilege be granted to their side, and expressed surprise at not receiving and reply. No proposition of this nature having been received here the Secretary of War directs that you report whether that or any other proposition for that source, not submitted to this Department, has been received by you; and if so, to submit them without delay.

By order of the Secretary of War:

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

