
Clothing is limited to specified articles, which can be furnished only by near relatives.

To-day I have received from General Marston a copy of a letter, addressed to Mrs. Mary R. Phinter, of Baltimore, by Colonel Shaffer, chief of staff, in which, by order, he informs her that he has no objection to small boxes of provisions being received at Point Lookout; and I would respectfully inquire whether the system indicated in Colonel Shaffer's letter will be authorized, or shall the regulations now in force continue to be observed?

I have to-day ordered Private Alvin J. Barren, Company I, Thirty-second Virginia, to be sent to Fort Monroe to report to you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSIONER FOR EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, Va., February 15, 1864.

Honorable ROBERT OULD, Agent for Exchange, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: It has been reported to me that Captain Edward E. Chase, First Rhode Island Cavalry, who was captured in Virginia about eight months since and until lately confined in Libby Prison, has been sent along with the other commissioned officers, by order of your authorities, to Salisbury, N. C., and sentenced to hard labor in the penitentiary at that place, in retaliation (it is said) for the treatment of three Confederate officers in Missouri.

I have therefore to request that you will at once inform me if such is the case; and if it should prove true that you will take the necessary steps to have the officer relieved from such indignities, as there are no Confederate officers in our hands subjected to similar treatment.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General and Commissioner for Exchange.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., February 15, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel M. BURKE,

Commanding Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor:

Please inform me by whose authority visitors are permitted to see prisoners of war at Fort Lafayette.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

FORT LAFAYETTE, NEW YORK HARBOR,

February 15, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

Visitors are permitted to see prisoners of war at this post by order of Major-General Dix, commanding Department of the East, and Brigadier-General Stannard, commanding U. S. troops, New York City and Harbor.

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

