
to the following: On or about August 3, 1863, in an affair at Jackson, La., between the Confederate forces under General Logan and a detachment of U. S. troops, mostly colored men, several of said colored troops were taken prisoners, and it was then reported that some of them were shot by the Confederate soldiers after capture.

A communication on the subject was sent from the undersigned to General Logan, to which he (General Logan) replied, denying that any such acts had bee committed under his authority. For want of direct and positive evidence of the commission of th acts referred to the matter was for the time allowed to rest. Recently, however, a citizen of Jackson has made the statement under oath that the day after the affair at Jackson he was Lieutenant Shattuck, of Scott's Confederate Cavalry, dismount from his horse and deliberately shoot dead a wounded U. S. colored soldiers then lying wounded on the ground; also, that he heard said Lieutenant Shattuck say that he had shot thirteen negro soldiers that day, and that they took no prisoners. There was no fighting on the day referred to; also, that he saw Confederate soldiers taking other negro soldiers outside of town, as they said, to shoot them, and that he saw their bodies afterward on the ground, not forming any part of the battle-field, but a mile and a half distant therefrom, and in the direction in which the negro soldiers were taken for the avowed purpose of shooting them.

There is also much additional testimony corroborating the foregoing statement. I cannot longer doubt that U. S. colored soldiers captured by the C. S. forces have been deliberately murdered after capture. I am further directed to inquire of you whether such acts are or have been permitted by your officers of other authorities? If such acts are permitted, I have to inform you that prompt retaliation will take place on the prisoners in our possession. If such acts are unauthorized, I must demand the punishment of the perpetrators. In the interest of humanity I trust you will be able and willing to give me a satisfactory reply.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

FORT LAFAYETTE, NEW YORK HARBOR,

February 16, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, U. S. Army,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: In connection with your dispatch of yesterday it may not be improper for me to state that when the State Department had charge of affairs now more or less connected with your office I received directions from Washington to allow any of the British Legation to have interviews with certain prisoners at Fort Lafayette, and I have always, when desired, allowed Mr. Archibald and Mr. Edwards Pierrepont, the counsel and his assistant, the privilege above indicated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding.

61 R R-SERIES II, VOL VI

