
conditions on which prisoners of war are held in the Ohio penitentiary is received. In reply I have the honor to report that the Government furnishes the following ration, consisting of bread, coffee, and sugar, the State furnishing in addition to this meat, vegetables, &amp;c., which has heretofore been paid for out of the prison fund. In reference to the items on the bills, as presented by the State authorities some time since, the warden of the Ohio penitentiary furnishes the following statement:

In my account against the Government for subsistence of said prisoners, including fuel, lights, and cell rent, rendered to date of November 1, 1863, I charged, with the approval of the Governor, at the rate of 30 cents per day for each man, which account has been paid. We also rendered an account to same date for extra services, which was approved by the Governor, embracing the following items of additional duty, necessarily performed on account of the prisoners of war by myself and other officers of the prison, to wit, cooking and preparing meals cleaning and care of cells and beds, washing underclothing, examination of boxes, packages, &c., examination of mail matter and carrying same to and from the post-office, keeping account of prisoners' money, date of their reception, &c., and maintaining discipline, which alone has been a source more vexatious than the government of all the State convicts, for which I charged at the rate of &4. 50 per day, to be divided among such of the officers as were entitled to any.

The relations that exist between the State authorities and the commandant of this post in regard to these prisoners is neither well defined nor well understood. Your advice in regard to the prevention of unnecessary expenses has been carefully noted, but how any control can be exercised over that portion of the subsistence furnished by the State and charged for in the accounts of the warden cannot be perceived, unless my simple approval or disapproval should be considered sufficient.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

W. P. RICHARDSON,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.

MILITARY PRISON, Louisville, February 17, 1864.

Captain S. E. JONES, Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: In compliance with your orders we beg leave to submit the following in regard to sending prisoners with smallpox broken [out] on them from this prison to Rock Island, Ill. All the prisoners who have been sent North since the appearance of smallpox in the prison, about the 27th of December last, have been carefully examined by a medical officer previous to their leaving prison. This has been done at the calling of the roll. For instance, when a name was called the prisoner was immediately taken and examined by the medical officer, and if there was any doubt in the case he was not sent; and such as had the disease were always sent to the pest-house as soon as practicable. This rule was not violated in a single instance. Moreover, all who were not properly protected by previous vaccination were vaccinated previous to going forward. In no instance has any prisoner been sent from this prison with any appearance of the smallpox about him, and every possible pain has been taken to prevent anything of the kind.

We have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servants,

J. C. WELCH,

Surgeon in Charge of Prison Hospital.

CHAS. B. PRATT,

Captain, Twenty-fifth Michigan, Commanding Military Prison.

