
[Indorsement.]

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL.

DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,

Louisville, February 18, 1864.

Approved and respectfully forwarded to Colonel Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, for his information.

All prisoners that are received here from any source are subjected to smallpox influences, consequently it is continually breaking out amongst them. It is impossible to retain them here until it is ascertained whether any will have it, or none would be forwarded at all. All that can be done is to examine them before forwarding (as is done) and send those who do not appear to be threatened. It has happened, however, and will continue to happen as long as the prisoners are forwarded at all, that smallpox will develop itself while they are en route for other depots.

By order of Brigadier-General Hobson:

STEPHEN E. JONES,

Captain and A. D. C., Provost-Marshal-General, Dist. of Kentucky.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That so much of the act of Congress passed May 21, 1861, as makes it the duty of the Quartermaster-General, under instructions issued by the War Department, to provide for the sustenance of prisoners of war, is hereby repealed, and hereafter that that duty shall devolve on the Commissary-General of Subsistence and be discharged by him, subject to the provisions of the act referred to.

Approved February 17, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,February 17, 1864.

Brigadier General I. N. PALMER, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge your very courteous communication of the 9th instant in relation to Surgeon Baker, Twelfth New York Cavalry.

The case was duly and immediately reported to me by Major Read, C. S. Army, who took charge of the medical officer and party. They came with no flag of truce and therefore could not be recognized; in addition, the surgeon, by his inquiries, conversation, and observation, had learned too much to render his return desirable.

I fully appreciate, general, your kind remarks and remembrances in relation to myself, but you are probably not aware that on may fields of battle medical officers of my division have, when left in charge of wounded, been seized upon and kept as other prisoners under close guard. No one reprobates such a method of warfare more than I do, but we did not initiate it. I shall take pleasure in forwarding your polite communication to the proper authorities at Richmond, suggesting, upon your statement, the release of the parties named.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. E. PICKETT,

Major-General, Commanding.

