
named articles, to with, tobacco, pipes, paper, and postage stamps. Since then there seems to be no orders on file from you touching the sale of other articles by the sutler to prisoners. There seems to be a necessity that the prisoners be permitted to purchase combs, soap, thread, needles, and other articles necessary for the cleanliness and the preservation of their clothing.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

W. P. RICHARDSON,

Colonel Twenty-fifty Ohio Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY STATION,Alton, Ill., February 18, 1864.

Colonel W. WEER, Tenth Kansas Volunteers, Commanding Post:

COLONEL: In accordance with my instructions from the Commissary-General or Prisoners I have the honor to request the following, viz: First. That the female prisoners now held in confinement at this post be, as soon as practicable, placed in quarters more appropriate to their sex, the quarters at present occupied by them being utterly unfit for the purpose. Second. That a more through system of police be enforced throughout the prison; that additional facilities for supplying the prisoners with water be provided, and that it be ordered that all prison blankets and bedding be exposed to the open air daily when the weather permits. Third. That as soon as practicable the prison sinks be thoroughly cleansed and their connection with the main sewer cleared. Fourth. That the shed at present used as a dead-house be properly inclosed and lightened, and furnished with the necessary tables and appliances for making post mortem examinations of such deceased prisoners as may be deemed necessary by the surgeon in charge. Fifth. I am informed by the surgeon and chaplain that the ground now used for the burial of deceased prisoners is in a dilapidated condition. I would suggest that a fence be placed around it, and that it be kept in as decent condition as circumstances will permit.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. CLARK,

Surgeon and Acting Medical Inspector of Prisoners of War.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY STATION,Alton, Ill., February 18, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have made a thorough inspection of the military prison at this post, a detailed report of which I forwarded herewith. I shall leave to-morrow morning for Saint Louis, Mo. I have written by the previous mail advising you of my movements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. CLARK,

Surgeon and Acting Medical Inspector of Prisoners of War.

[Inclosure.]

Report of inspection of the U. S. military prison and hospital at Alton, Ill., February 17 and 18, 1864, by A. M. Clark, surgeon and acting medical inspector of prisoners of war.

Surgeon in charge - Surgeon Worrall, U. S. Volunteers. Commandant of post - Colonel W. Weer, Tenth Kansas Volunteers. Location - Alton, Ill.,

