
on bluff on Mississippi River. Vicinage - city on south, river on west, high land on north and east. Topography - ground high, limestone bluff. Drainage - at present bad; drains frozen up; naturally good and tolerably improved; might be better. Prison buildings - old State penitentiary, with additional frame buildings in prison yard. Wards - two in building on north side of prison yard. Tents - six in smallpox hospital. Capacity - of prison, properly 800, now contains 1,757 prisoners; of hospital, 125; of smallpox hospital, 50. Patients, number of - in hospital, 125; smallpox hospital, 20; total, 145; in quarters, 109. Patients, condition of - excellent, clean and well taken care of. Patients, discharge and return to duty of returned to quarters when convalescent, except such as are needed as nurses, &amp;c. Ventilation - only through side windows in hospital; in prison, sufficient in main building, utterly insufficient in the others. Warming - sufficient in all parts by coal stoves. Fuel - supply sufficient. Lighting - in hospital, by coal - oil lamps; in main prison, gas. Lavatories and baths - hospital, insufficient, but can be made to answer purpose at present; in prison, no arrangement except one caldron; hospital clothing washed outside prison. Water supply - from river; conveyed in barrels in one six - mule wagon; entirely insufficient; another wagon ordered. Sewerage - by one main sewer into river. Water - closets, latrines, and sinks, excreta, removal of - sinks, on north side of yard in close proximity to hospital, connect with main sewer, which connection is now interrupted from some cause, and the sinks are in filthy and most offensive condition; ordered to be cleansed without delay and connection with main sewer reopened. Furniture and utensils - supply sufficient, and in hospital in very good order. Bedding - in hospital, sufficient and clean; in prison quarters, sufficient, but filthy, and swarming with vermin. Kitchen and kitchen utensils - in hospital, in excellent order and police; in prison, kitchen in great disorder and miserable police; mess - room in somewhat better police; much cooking and messing is done in prison quarters; directed to be discontinued. Cooks - detailed prisoners. Cooking and serving - in hospital, well done; with the prison kitchen in its present condition cannot be properly done. Diet, quality and variety of - in hospital, nearly U. S. general hospital diet table; in prison, ordinary rations. Supply of vegetables - sufficient. Dispensary - in very good order, in charge of a hospital steward, U. S. Army. Instruments, medicines, &c. - supply sufficient and in good order; compounding and dispensing by prisoners detailed as acting hospital stewards, under charge of a hospital steward, U. S. Army. Hospital stores and comforts - necessary supplies. hospital records and accounts - very well and apparently accurately kept. Hospital fund - $900, January 1, 1864; judiciously expended for articles of diet, hospital furniture and utensils and hospital laundresses. Clothing - sufficient supply, obtained on requisition on the medical purveyor. Reports - well kept up and apparently exact. Requisitions - promptly filled. Laundresses and laundry - no hospital or prison laundry; hospital washing done outside and paid for from hospital fund. Repair, alterations, and additions - dead-house required and directed; laundry directed, as the prison yard is too much encumbered already. Prevention of fire - if occurring in yard buildings can hardly be arrested without tearing down the buildings, owing to scarcity of water. Medical attendance - sufficient and skillful. Chaplain - post chaplain. Discipline and police - in prison, no discipline; in hospital, all are orderly, though not under strict discipline. Police - of hospital, good; of prison, generally much neglected. Nurses - men, detailed prisoners; women, three female prisoners now confined in a damp,

