
half-underground room, only partitioned off from an open cellar. The commandant has been requested to remove them to quarters better fitted to their sex. Their present condition is an outrage on humanity. Operating and post-mortem rooms-none. Dead-house-an open shed; have directed that it be inclosed and lighted, and fitted for its purpose, and as a post-mortem room. Interments-near the prison; did not visit it, but am informed that it is unfenced; have directed that it be fenced in. Diseases local-malarial fevers, forming with catarrh the great bulk of the sick-list. Diseases prevalent-pneumonia, bronchitis, catarrh, intermittent fever, chronic diarrhea. Diseases zymotic-smallpox has been prevalent, but is now rapidly disappearing; the same may be said of measles. Diseases, mitigation and prevention of-in hospital all is done that care and attention can accomplish, but the close and crowded quarters keep the hospital constantly full; every precaution is taken to prevent the spread of smallpox.

Report for January, 1864 - mean strength, 1,708; aggregate sick, in hospitals and quarters, 1,882; deaths, 92. Percentage of deaths to mean strength, . 053; percentage to sick, . 048. Average daily sick in hospital, 144 1/3 1/1; in quarters, 135 3/31. Cases smallpox, 107; deaths, 28; percentage, 26. 17. Cases smallpox since February 1, 26; deaths, 5; percentage, 19. 23; present cases, 20, mostly varioloid.

Medical officers - Surgeon Worrall, U. S. Volunteers, post surgeon, reported about February 10, 1863; two acting assistant surgeons. Actg. Asst. Surg. H. Williams, formerly in charge and still on duty as attending surgeon, is entitled to great credit for the generally satisfactory condition of the hospital. One hospital steward. There are at present confined in this prison as follows, viz: Prisoners of war - officers, 8; enlisted men, 1,523; civilians, including three females, 60; Federal prisoners, 166; total, 1,757. Prison fund, January 31, 1864, $9,087. 34. The smallpox hospital is still located on the island in the river opposite the prison. Intercourse with it is sometimes interrupted by the obstruction of the river by ice, as was the case at the time of my present inspection. I am, however, assured that every precaution is taken to prevent the sick n the island from suffering from this non-intercourse, five to ten days' supply of rations (except fresh meat), medicines, and other necessaries being kept on hand. I am also assured that at no time hitherto has intercourse been suspended for more than forty-eight hours at a time. The chief difficulty caused by it has been the prevention of the immediate transfer of smallpox patients from the prison to the island. Thus, at the time of my inspection there were four cases of the disease within the prison walls awaiting transfer. Such cases are, however, almost entirely [isolated] from the other inmates of the prison until they can be removed. The utmost care appears to be taken to prevent the spread of the disease. Vaccination is thoroughly enforced. All infected clothes and bedding are removed to the island and none allowed to be returned, convalescents being furnished complete with new clothing before leaving the island. I was, for the reason above given, unable to inspect the smallpox hospital, but I am assured by the surgeon in charge that it is in good condition in every respect, and, judging from the condition of the prison hospital, I place confidence in his statement. The commanding officer appeared much chagrined at the condition in which the prison was found as regards police, &amp;c., and gave his assurance that as soon as the weather and as far as the state of the prison will permit it shall be rectified. I would respectfully but urgently represent the absolute necessity of speedily diminishing the number of prisoners confined in this prison, which was originally

