
I adopted the precaution to cause every man to be vaccinated this morning as he entered the prison, but it fair to estimate that a considerable percentage will escape its influence.

Under these circumstances I deem it my duty to renew the recommendation and trust the Commissary-General of Prisoners will see the importance of adopting some measure to stay this fearful malady.

There are at present in the prison hospital fifteen cases.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. DE HASS,

Lieutenant Colonel Seventy-seventh Ohio Vol. Infty., Commanding Mil. Prison.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., July 10, 1863.

Major-General GRANT, Vicksburg:

On a full examination of the question it is decided that you, as the commander of an army, were authorized to agree upon the parole and release of the garrison of Vicksburg with the general commanding the place.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 10, 1863.

Major-General MEADE, Army of the Potomac,

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore, Md.,

Brigadier General L. THOMAS, Harrisburg, Pa.,

It has been understood and agreed between Colonel Ludlow and Mr. Ould, agents for exchange of prisoners, that paroles not given as prescribed in section 7 of the cartel, after May 22, are to be considered as null and void, and that the officers and men of the respective parties paroled not in accordance with that section of the cartel will be returned to duty without exchange. They will be so returned to duty.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

(Same to Colonel Hoffman July 12, and by Hoffman to General's Grant and Schofield July 19, 1863.)
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,Thibodeaux, July 10, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication, per flag of truce, dated 7th instant.

Three surgeons of my command (Messrs. Taylor, Farmer, and Jones) were held in New Orleans as prisoners of war and paroled as such. I will forward to you copies of the paroles as soon as I can obtain them. I am glad to perceive from your communication that it was not with your knowledge or approval.

Assistant Surgeon Throop, if desired by you, can be retained and released from his parole. The other medical officers of your command

7 R R-SERIES II, VOL VI.

