HEADQUARTERS FORT DELAWARE, DEL.,February 19, 1864.

Received from Captain J. N. Patterson the rebel General M. Jeff. Thompson, prisoner of war.

By order of Brigadier General A. Schoepf:

GEO. W. AHL,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., February 19, 1864.

Brigadier General H. D. TERRY,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Sandusky City, Ohio:

GENERAL: I have frequent complaints made to me that the prisoners of war in many instances suffer for want of clothing. The instructions which have been given to commanders of prison stations contemplates that prisoners will be supplied with all the clothing necessary to prevent suffering, and if it is not furnished by their relatives it is to be issued by the Quartermaster's Department. If there are any cases at Johnson's Island of prisoners in summer clothing, or clothing very much worn, so as to render it unfit for the season, will you have the kindness to order such as is proper issued?

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

ANDERSONVILLE, February 19, 1864.

Captain C. H. BERRY, Assistant Quartermaster:

CAPTAIN: I shall send Mr. Pickett, one of my agents, to Albany in a day or two. Please assist him in any way you can. He contracts with Drew's Mill, at Adams' Station, to furnish me meal, and I respectfully ask that your order your receiving agents at that point to turn over to Drew the number of bushels of corn per week which he contracts to grind. His receipt will be the same as my own, as I shall empower him to receive. Please attend to this matter at once, as it is necessary these mills should commence operations at once. Captain Craft, at Americus, has given his agents the same instructions with mills that I have contracted with in his district. Let me hear from you at once on this subject, and let me know if you will be able to keep up the necessary supply of corn during the year.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. B. WINDER,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

CAMP SUMTER, Andersonville, February 19, 1864.

[Captain W. H. BROTHERTON:]

CAPTAIN: I send inclosed receipts and invoices corresponding for everything I have received from you. Mr. Welch will tell you that the railroad agent here is witness to the facts. You hold the railroad

