
States does not select the Governors of any States to take care of its prisoners of war, or allow any one else to so select any one of them, however much they may respect such officers in their appropriate sphere; and that if Governor Vance or the Governor of any other State desires to have money expended for the benefit of prisoners, that if the same privilege is given ours, we shall have no objections to such expenditures, provided it is done through the agent of the United States Government, and not through any correspondence between the Governors of States.

I would also call your attention to what I think will be necessary to be done further in this direction, to wit, that the Confederate prisoners be allowed to purchase such things as they may desire to wear, eat or drink, intoxicating liquors alone excepted, with their own money, or that furnished them by their friends, and I would like to have your views upon this subject.

I also desire to ask your attention to these views because if they influence your judgment, as they have mine, I trust we shall make a uniform order to all the prisoners held by us, that they shall be allowed to receive boxes from their friends, and buy with their own money a reasonable amount of things which they may need.

Awaiting an interchange of views, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General and Commissioner of Exchange.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., February 20, 1864.

Brigadier General W. W. ORME, Commanding Post, Chicago, Ill.:

GENERAL: Your report of the 8th instant in relation to provisions issued to troops and prisoners of war at Camp Douglas by the contractors, Messrs. Fowler &amp; Co., has been laid before the Secretary of War, with the recommendation that the contractors be required to made good in money the deficiencies in beef, soap, and molasses, at such rates as you may determine. The money so collected to be paid into the post fund or prison fund, according as the deficient rations were due to the troops or prisoners of war; and with the further recommendation that Colonel C. V. De Land, First Michigan Sharpshooters, for his neglect of his duty as commanding officer and as inspector of provisions under contract in permitting his command to receive rations which were deficient in quantity, be brought before a court-martial for trial. The foregoing recommendations have been approved by the Secretary of War, and pursuant to his instructions I have respectfully to request that you will take the necessary steps to put them in execution.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

FORT LAFAYETTE, February 20, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

Brigadier General W. H. Lee has just been informed by letter, from a gentleman direct from Washington, that a proposition had been made

