
by the Confederate authorities to exchange Brigadier General Neal Dow and Captains Sawyer and Flinn for himself and any two captains whom the United States Government might designate.

It was also stated in this letter that the United States Government had acceded to the proposition and that orders had been issued to have the exchange carried out. As I have been held as one of the hostages for Captains Sawyer and Flinn, I would respectfully request that I may be selected as one of the captains for exchange.

Respectfully,

ROBERT H. TYLER,

Captain, Eighth Virginia Infantry.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, February 25, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, February 25, 1864.

Respectfully referred to commissioner for exchange of prisoners for remark.

By order of the Secretary of War:

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]

MARCH 2, 1864.

This matter has been placed in the hands of General Butler.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Fourth indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, March 25, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Commissary-General of Prisoners, with reference to Major-General Hitchcock's statement.

By order of the Secretary of War:

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP SUMTER, Andersonville, Ga., February 20, 1864.

[General J. H. WINDER:]

GENERAL: Inclosed please find letter* of Major J. L. Locke, which will explain itself. In obedience to orders from Quartermaster-General I am first endeavoring to get my supplies from the Commissary Department, and I am quite certain that it will be as much as I can do to supply this post with provisions by getting what I can from the Commissary Department and purchasing the balance. If instructions can be given to Major P. W. White, chief purchasing commissary of Florida, to turn over or sell beeves to me at Quincy, Fla., it would be of very great assistance to me. Of course I shall have to have the beef driven

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

