
purpose of preserving a valuable life to the country, for humanity's sake, for all that is sacred, have Colonel Northcott released by special exchange, if it can not be done otherwise. Colonel Northcott begged this favor of me, but do not think that I have forgotten my other fellow-officers. Although I have through great trials, dangers, and difficulties restored myself to liberty, which is appreciated fully by me, I can not forget my brother officers and fellow-soldiers yet in bonds. Excuse this liberty.

Yours, truly,

W. P. KENDRICK,

Colonel Third West Tennessee Cavalry.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, February 22, 1864.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The Secretary of War instructs me to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 13th instant, in which you advert to your previous letter of the 29th of December last, requesting that instructions should be given for the close confinement in irons of Commander William A. Webb and some other prisoners captured in the rebel steamer Atlanta, in retaliation for the close confinement in irons of Lieutenant Commander E. P. Williams and others, of the U. S. Navy, and now desire to be informed what action has been taken thereon by this Department.

In reply the Secretary of War instructs me to say that your previous letter was referred to the commissioner of the exchange of prisoners. It is understood that no officers of the U. S. Navy are now kept in irons by the rebels, but General Butler has been telegraphed for further information, and if any are so held an equal number will be subjected to the same treatment.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, February 22, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners, Fort Monroe:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that you send an experimental boat under flag of truce to City Point, Va., with 200 rebel officers, with an offer to exchange them for a like number of U. S. officers held by the rebel authorities as prisoners of war.

The prisoners will be sent to Cit Point under the charge of Major Mulford, agent for exchange, who will be instructed by you to make a formal offer to exchange them for a like number of U. S. officers of corresponding grades now held as prisoners of war by the rebel authorities at Richmond, Va.

The prisoners sent up will be placed on their parole not to go beyond City Point and to return with the flag-of-truce boat unless duly accepted and exchanged by the rebel authorities.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

