
who are now attending your sick who are prisoners within my lines will be informed that they are released from their parole and will be sent into your lines.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 11. Washington City, July 10, 1863.

* * * * *

Issues of clothing to prisoners of war by the quartermaster at stations where they are confined will be made with the assistance and under the supervision of an officer detailed for the purpose, whose certificate, that the issue was made in his presence will be the quartermaster's voucher for the clothing issued. From the 30th of April to the 1st of October neither drawers nor socks will be issued to prisoners of war, except to the sick. (General Orders, War Department, June 17, 1862, and circular of Commissary-General of Prisoners, July 7, 1862.)

Issues of clothing to prisoners of war will be made only at stations where such prisoners are held, unless specially ordered by the general commanding an army in the field, in which case the provisions of the foregoing paragraph must be complied with.

* * * * *

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 10, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your order to keep separate as far as possible the rebel wounded from those of our army and directing that the former be sent, when proper, to Point Lookout.

The following action had already been taken in the case. After consultation with the Commissary-General of Prisoners I yesterday telegraphed to the medical director at New York City to prepare the hospital at Davids Island for exclusive use as a rebel hospital.

I also telegraphed the officer at Gettysburg in charge of transportation to send rebel wounded to that hospital.

The medical director at Philadelphia was ordered at the same time by telegraph to prepare the hospital at Chester, Pa., for the exclusive use of the rebel wounded.

The hospital at Point Lookout contains 1,400 beds, and the number of rebel wounded at Gettysburg alone is now reported by Medical Inspector Vollum to be from 8,000 to 10,000.

Under these circumstances does the Secretary desire that I countermand the previous orders given and send rebel wounded to Point Lookout?

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

JOS. R. SMITH,

Acting Surgeon-General.

[First indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 11, 1863.

The order to send the rebel wounded to Hammond Hospital was made upon the recommendation of Major-General Schenck, but as the report

