
[First indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, March 1, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the commissioner for the exchange of prisoners for report if the authorities in the rebel States have permitted our prisoners to receive comforts in the shape of food or clothing from people residing in those States.

By order of the Secretary of War:

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

MARCH 2, 1864.

It is believed that no Union man in the South can so far make himself known, in the presence of the rebel army, as to show even ordinary sympathy for Federal prisoners of war, much less furnish supplies.

Unless a rigid system of retaliation should be ordered, I am of opinion that a specified class of needful supplies might be authorized to be delivered to rebel prisoners by their friends, always, of course, under proper surveillance.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Third indorsement.]

The arrangement made by Major-General Butler is approved. The supplies which the prisoners are allowed to receive will not be limited to specified articles, but will be determined by questions of reciprocity; it being an object to give the rebel authorities no excuse for withholding supplies sent to our own prisoners.

By order of the Secretary of War:

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General.

CAMP SUMTER, Andersonville, Ga., February 23, 1864.

Captain BROTHERTON:

When I was in Savannah I suggested to Major Locke, chief purchasing commissary for this State, that I would gladly feed any offal from the slaughter-houses in Albany that could not readily be kept on hand or forwarded to the army to the prisoners at this post, thereby saving that much provision to the Government, but never dreamed of paying $2 apiece for the luxury of beef tongues for them, or $1 for shanks, or 50 cents per pound for shank meat and pickled hearts. But as I am instructed first to make my purchases from the Commissary Department I will either submit your prices to the proper authorities, in your department, to know if such are the established prices of the commissary, or I will hold the shipment which I have received of you subject to your order. Please answer at once. I regret that any misunderstanding about prices should have taken place, but will assure you that Mr. Pickett entirely misunderstood his instructions in purchasing at any such prices. Of course I shall not want any more.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. WINDER,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

