
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., February 24, 1864.

Colonel W. WEER, Commanding Military Prison, Alton, Ill.:

COLONEL: By direction of the Commissary-General of Prisoners, I have the honor to inform you that the effects left by deceased prisoners will be taken possession of, the money and valuables to be reported to this office (see note under head of remarks on blank for semimonthly report of deceased prisoners), and the clothing, if of any value, to be given to other prisoners who may require it. If the legal representatives of the deceased, being loyal, claim the money or other valuables, the claim, with the proof, will be forwarded to this office. All moneys left by or accruing from the sale of valuables or other effects of deceased prisoners will be placed in the camp or prison fund until called for.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to all commanders of military prisons and hospitals for treatment of prisoners of war.)

ROCK ISLAND, ILL., February 24, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report my arrival at this place tonight. Your telegram of this date is received, and report of inspection shall be forwarded as soon as possible. I understand from the surgeon in charge, when I have already seen, that, although the smallpox is increasing in actual number of cases, it is not at all increasing in virulence, a large proportion of the present cases being hardly more than a severe form of varioloid. I am informed that work on the hospitals goes on but slowly, the smallpox barracks being not yet completed. I shall remain here, unless otherwise ordered, until these are completed and every case of the disease removed from the prison proper, leaving no reason for any further spread. This will probably be about March 1 or 2. From here I propose to go to Nashville, Tenn., where the smallpox is also prevailing; thence to Memphis, and then start on my return round.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. CLARK,

Surgeon and Acting Medical Inspector of Prisoners of War.
HEADQUARTERS FORT WARREN,Boston Harbor, February 24, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you of the arrival at this post of Captain Frank Battle, a prisoner of war, who arrived here yesterday in charge of a guard. He has been placed in close confinement and irons as per your instructions under date February 15, 1864.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN CABOT,

Major First Batt. Heavy Arty. Massachusetts Vols., Commanding Post.

