
of the Acting Surgeon-General presents facts both as to the number of the wounded and the accommodation at the hospital, not know when the order was given, the Secretary of War directs that this copy of Surgeon Smith's communication be referred to General Schenck for report. The answer to the question will be reserved until the report is received.

Very respectfully,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, July 12, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Surg. J. Simpson, medical directed Eighth Army Corps, for his views, reference being also had to the inclosed copies of telegrams received and sent before this copy of communication of Surgeon-General was received.

By order of Major-General Schenck:

N. L. JEFFRIES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,

July 12, 1863.

Respectfully returned.

The Hammond Hospital was recommended when it was unknown other arrangements were to be made and when the actual presence of some and anticipated arrival of many calls for provision for obvious reasons outside of this city. The hospital accommodation of this department does not now exceed what may be demanded of it for our own troops. The suggestions of the Acting Surgeon-General seem to cover every indication.

J. SIMPSON,

Surgeon, U. S. Army, Medical Director.

[Fourth indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,Baltimore, July 13, 1863.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War, with information contained in indorsement of Surgeon Simpson, medical director. Perhaps for the reasons given by him it will be better to abandon the idea of establishing Point Lookout as a hospital for rebels. If no more sick and wounded rebels are to be sent here at present, we will collect and keep those that we receive in one of the hospitals in or near this city.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 10, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Hamilton, N. Y. Harbor:

SIR: Your dispatch of yesterday is received and referred to me.

Allow no arrests to be made within Fort Hamilton. Have you received my letter of yesterday relating to your previous dispatch? Report the facts fully and names of all parties concerned.

WILLIAM WHITING,

Solicitor of the War Department.

