
CAMP SUMTER, Andersonville, Ga., February 27, 1864.

[Major P. W. WHITE:]

MAJOR: I am just informed by the authorities in Richmond that the responsibility of feeding the prisoners at this post has been thrown upon the Commissary Department, which will relieve you from furnishing me with the horses to drive cattle from Florida, of which we were talking. The ten wagons and harness I am very much in need of and will be glad if you will send with them six saddles and bridles. Please let me have these things at once.

The surgeon in charge of this post has made requisition for an ambulance, harness, and horses, also a light wagon, harness, and horses or mules, to bring up hospital stores in. Please let me hear from you at once whether you can furnish him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. WINDER,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., February 27, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have just returned from City Point and bring the accompanying communication. * Major Mulford assures me upon his own personal knowledge that General Butler is in favor of a general exchange and release of prisoners, and further, that he is entirely satisfied of his ability to consummate the same. He distinctly declares that he is authorized to say so. Major Mulford never yet has deceived me and I am very much inclined to believe what he says. Butler has evidently set his heart, for some reason or other, on securing the release of the Yankee prisoners. He would hate a failure in that direction after recognition more than a refusal to recognize him. In his estimation the former would damage him more than the latter. If Butler's recognition is an impossibility in the present condition of affairs I think that upon an interview with him as commanding general at Fort Monroe I could get a distinct written agreement from him for a general exchange. The difficulty occurring to my mind about that arrangement is that he might require some pledge as to slaves. If he is now recognized as an agent I am quite sure I can avoid that difficulty. The flag-of-truce boat remains at City Point to await your decision. The subject is environed with so many difficulties that I hesitate to pronounce any judgment in the premises.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,February 28, 1864.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Ohio:

I have the honor to propose to you an exchange of prisoners belonging to our several commands. For this purpose I suggest the appointment of commissioners to arrange the terms of cartel. I have also the

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

