
in wagons. All of their artillery horses were left dead on the field and the caissons away by mules in the night. Hindman's entire force was here, and from persons observation I can say they were well clothed and well armed. My divisions took over 60 prisoners,including 2 commissioned officers, during the fight, and all refuse to be exchanged, except 12. Over 150 have come in since the battle, and the report is that hundreds are coming back on the road to give themselves up. The greater proportion of the dead have been left by them unburied, and were buried to-day by my order. The advance had arrived at Van Burned, and the rumor was they were all going to Little Rock. The loss in my division is heavy, and will almost reach 1,000 killed and wounded. For four hours the fighting was the most desperate I ever witnessed, and within a spare of two acres 250 of our own and the enemy's dead were found. The victory is more complete and decisive than I had imagined. The Iowa regiments fought nobly, the Nineteenth particularly distinguishing itself. We mourn the loss of Lieutenant-Colonel [Samuel] McFarland, and several other officers of that regiment, killed. The Twentieth Wisconsin, Twenty-sixth Indiana, and Thirty-seventh Illinois fought nobly. The battle-field is on the road from Fayetteville to Cove Creek, and just half way between the former place and Cane Hill. General Blunt has moved to Rhea's Mills, while I occupy the battle-field. I am strengthening my line with Springfield, and will have it safe to-morrow. Have established a hospital at Fayetteville, and removed all our sick and wounded to it. If Steele could take Little Rock, now is our best opportunity to open the Arkansas River. I hope you will let us do it.

F. J. HERRON,

Brigadier-General.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS.

HDQRS. 2nd AND 3rd DIVS., ARMY OF THE FRONTIER, Prairie Grove, Ark., December 12, 1862.

GENERAL: After leaving Wilson's Creek, in accordance with the orders from General Blunt and yourself, I moved my command by forced day marches, the distance being too great for day and night movements, and, traveling at the rate of 35 miles per day, reached Fayetteville Sunday morning, the 7th, at 3 o'clock. Resting one hour, I pushed on, and, when 6 miles south of the town, my advance (Major Hubbard, with two companies of the First Missouri Cavalry) met the First Arkansas and Seventh Missouri Cavalry coming back in great disorder.

At Cross Hollow General Blunt had sent me an order to send on all my cavalry, which I did, sending all that was with the Third Division, and sending back for what was with the Second Division to come up and pass me. The cavalry of the Third Division started from Cross Hollow on Saturday, the 6th, at 10 a. m., reaching Cane Hill about 10 o'clock the same night. The cavalry from the Second Division passed me and traveled until 12 o'clock at night, stopping half way between Fayetteville and Cane Hill to feed and start at daylight. They encamped with the First Arkansas, this regiment having been ordered forward by General Blunt. Just at daylight they were attacked by a heavy cavalry force, under Marmaduke, and after several rounds were stampeded. They came back on me 6 miles south of Fayetteville, at 7 a. m., closely pursued by at least 3,000 cavalry. It was with the very greatest difficulty that we got them checked, and prevented a general stampede of

