
edge that you had really arrived, a new spirit was infused in my command, now almost worn out by the severe work, and they went at it again with increased vigor. When your column moved up, the Second Brigade of the Second Division, Colonel William McE. Dye commanding, also advanced on your left, having a severe fight in the timber, and driving the enemy from the hillside. From this hour until dark the firing was steady and terrific, the batteries of the First Division firing the last round.

My command slept on their arms nearly 1,000 yards in advance of the position occupied in the morning,and ready to renew the fight at daybreak. The arrangement for attack on the 8th; the flight of the enemy during the night; the trickery of the rebel Generals Hindman and Marmaduke, are all known to you. Night alone saved them from capture.

I have as captures four caissons complete, and filled with ammunition; a number of sets of artillery harness, caisson wheels, and about 300 stand of arms. I regret to state that my loss was very severe. Lieutenant-Colonel McFarland, who led the Nineteenth Iowa in the first charge, a true man and gallant soldier, sleeps his last sleep. Lieutenant-Colonel Black, Thirty-seventh Illinois; Major Thompson, Twentieth Iowa, and a large number of line officers, are wounded. Major Bredett, of the Seventh Missouri Cavalry, a brave and noble soldier, was killed in the early part of the battle. My troops all did well. Iowa, Illinois, Wisconsin, Indiana, and Missouri, side by side, proved by the truest test their loyalty and love of country.

Colonel Huston, commanding Second Division, was always in the front and did valuable service. Colonels Orme, Clark. McE. Dye, and Bertram, commanding brigades, were duties well.

I must especially mention the working of Murphy's, Foust's, Backof's, and Borris' batteries, The former fired his guns with the precision of a sharpshooter, while the others worked their pieces gallantly in the midst of a terrible infantry fire.

My cavalry, the First Iowa, Eighth Missouri, Tenth Illinois, and Second Wisconsin, having been with you during the day, I know but little of the parts taken by them. They have on other fields proved themselves worthy of the name of American soldiers, and I have no doubt sustained it while with you.

Major J. M. Hubbard and his command, the fighting battalion of the First Missouri Cavalry, gallantry held in check the rebel advance in the early part of the day, and on this occasion officers and men have added to their already high reputation.

To Captain William Hyde Clark, my assistant adjutant-general, who had for three days been carried sick in an ambulance, but mounted that morning to be with me during the battle, I am much indebted for services on the field, and also to Captain Littleton, commissary of subsistence; Captain Brewster, Lieutenants Pettit, Shiras, and Douglas, of my staff, for their conduct and assistance throughout the battle.

There were many instances of individual courage and bravery that I should like to mention, but will have to refer you to the reports of brigade commanders. Of Lieutenant-Colonel Black, Thirty-seventh Infantry, I must say that a braver man never went upon the battle-filed, and he has on this occasion added to the laurels won at Pea Ridge.

In conclusion, general, let me say for the Second and Third Divisions that they had marched 110 miles in three days to join you, and that they

