
came upon the field weak in numbers, on account of the severity of the march, 3,500 men being all that I had engaged.*

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second and Third Division.

Brigadier General JAMES G. BLUNT,

Commanding Army of the Frontier.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. 2nd AND 3rd DIVS., ARMY OF THE FRONTIER, Praise Grove, Ark., December 10, 1862.

FELLOW SOLDIERS: It is with pride and pleasure that I am enabled to congratulate you on the victory so recently achieved over the enemy. Meeting their combined forces, vastly your superiors in numbers; armed and equipped in the most efficient manner, contrary to what we had been led to believe; marshaled by their ablest generals; posted in a strong position of their own selection, prepared and ready to attack us; entertaining lies, which even rebel generals should have disdained to utter, you, fellow soldiers, after a forced march of over 100 miles in less than three days, weary, exhausted, and almost famishing, animated only by that feeling of patriotism that induced you to give up the pleasures and comforts of home to undergo the dangers and hardships of the field, did most gallantly meet, fight, and repulse the enemy. Your fellow soldiers elsewhere; your friends and relatives at home; your fellow citizens, and your country, as they learn of the splendid service, of the artillerymen; of the determined daring and brilliant charges of the infantry, will render you that praise and honor which is justly your due. Iowa, Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin, and Missouri, your native States, are pound of their noble sons. I, who witnessed your gallant daring in every encounter, in behalf of your country and myself, tender you grateful thanks for the services you have rendered.

While as drop a tear, therefore, for those who have fallen, and sympathize with those who are yet suffering, let us not forget to render thanks to the Beneficent Giver of all blessings for the success that has thus far attested the trust and right of our glorious cause.

F. J. HERRON,Brigadier-General, Commanding Second and Third Divisions.

Numbers 15. Report of Colonel Daniel Huston, jr., Seventh Missouri Cavalry, commanding Second Division.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER, Prairie Grove, Ark., December 9, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to forward herewith a report of the part taken by the division under my command in the action of the 7th instant.

After a rapid march of 66 miles from Camp Lyon, accomplished in two and a half days, the division reached Cross Hollow at 7 o'clock on the evening of the 6th instant, and there remained until 12 midnight,
---------------

*For summary of casualties, here omitted, see pp. 85, 86.

---------------

