
of an order, without my knowledge brought into action beyond the extreme right of the line. The movements of this regiment took place beyond my immediate sphere of observation, but it is only necessary for me to say that it was led by Colonel William McE. Dye, an old, tried, and gallant soldier, and that Iowa's sons will always be in the front of battle.

For a detailed report of the operations of the regiment, I refer you to the official report of Colonel Dye, herewith inclosed.

Murphy's battery, from different positions, at distances from 500 to 1,000 yards from the enemy's lines, which it occupied as occasion required, continued throughout the engagement to pour a terrible fire into their ranks, nobly sustaining the reputation of its chief, and the regiment to which it belongs. The first section of the Peoria Light Battery, Lieutenant Borris commanding, consisting of one 6-pounder field piece and of one 12-pounder howitzer, when the infantry regiments of the division moved forward, was ordered to a point upon the left of Foust's battery, of the Third Division, about 800 yards form the enemy's position on the ridge, where he opened a very destructive fire upon their line; particularly upon two houses, behind which they had taken shelter. This position Lieutenant Borris maintained during the greater portion of the engagement. Owing to the momentary repulse of the infantry, I ordered the section to be removed a short distance to the rear. I soon, however, ordered it back to its old position, where it continued firing while any sign of the enemy appeared.

The Seventh Missouri Cavalry and two companies of the Sixth Missouri Cavalry, under command of Major [E.] Bredett, of the Seventh Missouri Cavalry, were ordered, on the day previous to the battle, to proceed to Cane Hill, and there report to General Blunt. Early on the morning of the 7th instant, when within 4 miles of General Blunt's camp, while feeding their horses, Major Bredett's command was surrounded by a force of 3,000 of the enemy's cavalry, with a battery of artillery, and, after a short engagement, was dispersed, losing a considerable number in killed, wounded, and prisoners.

Among the missing is Major Bredett (since found dead), commanding the Seventh Missouri Cavalry, a gallant and accomplished soldier, whose loss is severely felt. The only officers known to be killed was Captain William McKee, Company D, Seventh Missouri Cavalry, a brave man, who fell in the full performance of his duty.

The scattered fragments of the Seventh Missouri Cavalry were reformed later in the day, and, under the command of Captains Love and Rockwell, brought into action in support of the Peoria battery. Two companies of the Second Battalion, First Missouri Cavalry, under command of Major [C.] Banzhaf, forming the general escort of the division, were placed upon the extreme left to watch the enemy, and toward the close of the day were ordered to the rear to protect the trains. Major Banzhaf rendered efficient service during the day as aide-de-camp to myself and the general commanding.

After the regiments were reformed and the batteries placed in the last-named positions, night soon closed the engagement. The exhausted troops, wearied by their long marches and the toils of the day, and almost famished by an abstinence of thirty-six hours from food, lay down on their arms, ready for a renewal of the fight on the coming day, which the retreat of the enemy during the night prevented.

The officers and men of my division conducted themselves during the entire engagement in a manner which meets my approval, and does credit to themselves and the State to which they belong.

