
Among those whose conduct fell under my special observation, and whom I would bring to the favorable notice of the commanding general, are Colonel [J. G.] Clark, of the Twenty-sixth Indiana Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel [J. C.] Black, of the Thirty-seventh Illinois Volunteers, and Adjt. Dela Hunt, of the Twenty-sixth Indiana, the two latter of whom were severely wounded; also Lieutenant Chandler, assistant adjutant-general of the division, who was conspicuous everywhere upon the field, rendering most invaluable assistance, being the only officer on my staff present during the engagement.

Under the energetic superintendence of Surg. F. G. Porter, medical director of the division, the medical corps of the division were active and unceasing in their efforts to relieve the wounded, performing their duties in an admirable manner.

I have the honor to inclose herewith reports of the commanders of brigades regiments, battalions, and batteries composing the division.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. HUSTON, JR.,

Colonel 7th Mo. Vol. Cav., Commanding 2nd Div., Army of the Frontier.

Captain WILLIAM HYDE CLARK,

A. A. G., Second and Third Division, Army of the Frontier.

Numbers 16. Report of Colonel John G. Clark, Twenty-sixth Indiana Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 2nd DIV., ARMY OF THE FRONTIER, Prairie Grove, Ark., December 14, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to state the part taken in the action of Sunday, December 7, by the First Brigade, Second Division, Army of the Frontier.

The Seventh Missouri Volunteers Cavalry, forming a part of the brigade, was ordered forward on the morning of the 6th instant, and I did not see them again until after the battle. About 10 a. m. I was ordered forward from Fayetteville, Ark., where we had halted to allow the men to get rations (about 10 miles distant) at 1 p. m. As soon as we reached the ground, the section of the Peoria battery attacked to my bridge was ordered into position, and, by the consent of Colonel Huston, commanding the division, I assumed command of my own regiment, the Twenty-sixth Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

The regiment was at that time ordered on the left of the Thirty-seventh Illinois Volunteers, which formed the extreme right of the line of battle Soon after, the Thirty-seventh Illinois and the Twenty-sixth Indiana were ordered forward, and moved to the left of the line, where they were ordered to charge the enemy, who were strongly posted on a hill covered with timber. My regiment succeeded in reaching a point some 75 yards beyond the crest of the hill, but was overpowered by being outnumbered two to one, and driven back in considerable disorder, but rallied before they were beyond the reach of the fire of the enemy. The regiment was then ordered to fall back, and take position on the main road, where it remained until the next morning.

