
The regiment has in the ranks at the commencement of the action 445 men, of whom--*

The conduct of the regiment was all I could expect under the circumstances, and I cheerfully attest to the battery and good conduct of both officers and men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. CLARK,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade, Second Division.

Colonel DANIEL HUSTON, JR.,

Commanding Second Division.

Numbers 17. Report of Lieutenant Herman Borris, Battery A, Second Illinois Light Artillery.

CAMP AT PRAIRIE GROVE, ARK., December 8, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with an order form Colonel Huston, commanding Second Division, Army of the Frontier, I have the honor to make the following report:

My section (first section Peoria Light Artillery), entered, with other troops from the First Brigade, Second Division, under command of Colonel Clark, the field of battle at noon on the 7th instant. The battle had then commenced. I took possession of a place on our left, on the main road, about 600 yards from the enemy, so as to bring the section in an echelon position with the other batteries of our army. Here I commenced firing, and kept in up until about 4.30 o'clock, when a charge of our infantry was repelled, which compelled them to retreat toward my position. I ceased firing, but renewed the fire as soon as our infantry was covered against my artillery. I had scarcely fired two rounds per piece when the battery in front of me (Captain Cole's battery) left their position and posed by me. The other artillery on the right of my section did the same. The confusion was great. While the whole line of battle was going to retreat, I limbered up to the rear and tried to get a favorable position, which would allow me to keep back the foe. In this I succeeded, after I had crossed a creek 200 yards in rear of my last position. The enemy having given up the pursuit, Colonel Huston then ordered the batteries back, and gave my section a position in an open field, about 900 yards from the enemy's line. After having fired there a few rounds, the colonel ordered my section to its first position, where I commenced firing again, and kept it up until I ran short of ammunition. The men, without exception, have fulfilled their duties as soldiers and good artillerymen. I have fired during the whole engagement 320 rounds.

I brought into action, rank and file, 40 men, from whom are killed, wounded, or missing, none. My horses are well, with the exception of two, which are slightly wounded by pieces of shell, but not rendered unserviceable. The pieces, caissons, and the harness are in good condition.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. BORRIS,

Lieutenant, Commanding First Section Peoria Battery.

Colonel CLARK,

Commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Army of the Frontier.

---------------

*Summary of casualties, omitted, embodied in revised statement, p. 85.

---------------

