
Numbers 18. Report of Captain Milton H. Brawner, Seventh Missouri Cavalry.
HDQRS. SEVENTH MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS CAVALRY, Prairie Grove, Ark., December 11, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the detachment of Seventh Missouri Volunteer Cavalry, ordered forward from Camp Sigel on the morning of the 6th of December, under command of Major Bredett, marched in a southwesterly direction with the utmost rapidity, passing through Fayetteville (a distance of 46 miles) at dark. Advancing 4 miles, a short halt was ordered, for the purpose of resting the worn-out men and horses.

At 2 a. m., December 7, the command again moved forward, and at daylight, when within 4 miles of Cane Hill, halted to feed. While feeding (which bridles off and girths loosened), a cavalry troop (part of the Eighth Missouri Cavalry) passed through the lane in which we were feeding. When nearly through they were assailed by a volley of small-arms, fired by an unseen foe (concealed by thick underbrush and cornfields), which threw them into great disorder, they retreating through our column, causing great confusion. Major Bredett at this juncture behaved with great coolness and bravery, using his utmost exertions to pouring in heavy volleys on our front, left, and rear, the retreat was sounded. As it afterward appeared, the detachment was surrounded by the entire brigade of the rebel General [Colonel] Emmett MacDonald, supported by a battery, getting into position to open on us when the retreat was sounded. The command, after getting out of the lane, retreated in every direction, quite a number running into the rebel lines, being killed or captured.

Among the missing I mention with deep sorrow the name of Major [E.] Bredett; and among the killed Captain William McKee, who lost his life while gallantly trying to cut his way out. When fairly outside the rebel lines, the command was again collected and marched to the battle-field, and reported to Adjutant-General Chandler, who assigned it to duty as support to the Peoria battery, posted under his direction. The command remained on the field during the entire engagement, supporting the above-named battery.

I inclose report of First Lieutenant [L.] Bunner, who, with his company, formed the advance guard and was cut off from the detachment. I also inclose a list of the losses sustained by the Seventh Missouri Cavalry.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,M. H. BRAWNER,

Captain Company A, Seventh Missouri Volunteer Cavalry.

Colonel JOHN G. CLARK,

Commanding 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., Army of the Frontier.

Numbers 19. Report of Lieutenant Lafayette Bunner, Seventh Missouri Cavalry.

CAMP ON THE BATTLE-FIELD, Prairie Grove, Ark., December 9, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, on the morning of the 7th instant, Company M, Seventh Cavalry Missouri Volunteers, was ordered

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 85.

---------------

8 R-VOL XXII, PT I

