
to the front advance guard to the regiment, then marching toward Cane Hill. Just after daylight, and when about 5 miles form Cane Hill, I ordered a halt, the regiment appearing to have done the same about three-fourths of a mile to my rear. After waiting a reasonable time for the regiment to come up, and hearing several pistol reports, I moved back, with the main guards, supposing you were feeding and preparing to breakfast. Upon nearing the place where I supposed the regiment to be, I discovered a body of mounted men, the most of whom were clothed in Federal uniforms, and a majority wearing the regulation overcoat, in line directly in my front. I moved up and discovered they were strangers, but, taking them to be the First Arkansas Cavalry, approached to within 50 paces of their line, when they opened fire on me. I cried out, "Cease firing; we are friends." They fired more vigorously. I continued crying to cease until a body of infantry appearing, convinced me I was not among friends, but confronted by a body of rebels. I then withdraw, surprised to find an enemy instead of friends, who, events have shown, came in between me and my regiment (which had my orderly, just before passing that point, as my own regiment, distant 200 yards form my rear.

In the hope of being able to force my way through and rejoin my regiment, I advanced and engaged them; but learning from men of my command, whom I had placed as lookouts on the mountains, they were trying to outflank and surround me, I drew off, with a loss of 1 man severely wounded, and 1 horse killed ad 4 disabled.

I next desired to ascertain their strength. With this view, I divided my command into squads, dispersed them right and left, with orders to advance cautiously, glean what they could of the enemy's strength, and report. Ascertaining they numbered several hundred, I immediately dispatched a messenger with this intelligence to General Blunt. Learning afterward they were in force with artillery, I reported with my command to General Blunt. I then joined a force of General Blunt's command, proceeding to Rhea's Mills. While on the way, hearing fighting at this point, i left them, hastened hither, and placed myself and company under command of Major Rich, commanding a battalion of the Eighth Cavalry Missouri Volunteers, and remained on the field until the close of the action, sustaining some loss.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LAFAYETTE BUNNER,

First Lieutenant Seventh Cav. Missouri Vols., Commanding Company M.

Captain M. H. BRAWNER,

Seventh Cavalry Missouri Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 20. Report of Colonel William McE. Dye, Twentieth Iowa Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, 2nd DIV., ARMY OF THE FRONTIER, Battle-field of Prairie Grove, Ark., December 10, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to the circular form division headquarters, dated on the 8th instant, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the engagement of the 7th instant:

The brigade is composed of the Thirty-seventh Illinois Infantry, under

