
they did not suffer as severely as some others. They moved with regularity amid danger.

The brigade lost ---.*

The report of Major Montgomery, Sixth Missouri, Cavalry, is inclosed. The loss of his battalion was, before the general engagement, when en route to join General Blunt: Prisoners: Commissioned officers, 2; noncommissioned officers, 4; privates, 16 (the 10 officers having since been paroled). Missing: Privates, 8. Wounded: Privates, 1.

Before closing this report, I should, as a duty, publish the recreant. I am delighted to say that I found none on the field. However much the hot contest of musketry tends to confuse the ideas, every man's mind appeared to be open for the reception and execution of orders. They very keystone to discipline and success was exhibited in the midst of thickening danger to an extent few new troops could hope to rival and none to excel.

Lieutenant Colonel [John] Charles Black, Thirty-seventh Illinois, with the ardor of youth and the discretion of riper years, gallantly moved his regiment under heavy fire with perfect order, and continued in command after being severely wounded, until, exhausted by suffering, he was obliged to turn the regiment over to Major H. N. Frisbie, who, by his skill and coolness, gained for himself and regiment a reputation worthy of the State from which he hails.

Lieutenant Colonel J. B. Leake, of the Twentieth Iowa, with unsurpassing bravery, moved his regiment in advance and retreat with a confidence and devotion truly to be admired. Major [W. G.] Thompson, with the enthusiasm of one devoted to his regiment and cause, continued by his brave example to encourage the men, until, near the close, with remarkable thoughtfulness, under severe suffering, he reported personally to me that he regretted to leave the field. Under such officers the Twentieth Iowa more than sustained the reputation of the State.

To Captain Murphy's battery, made for him a reputation of which all might be proud. The equanimity of Lieutenant Marr and careful attention of Lieutenant Matthaei are qualities possessed in such a degree by them that they can be discovered on the battle-field, even among the ruins of the enemy's artillery.

Lieutenant C. S. Lake, acting assistant adjutant-general, and orderlies did important and dangerous service, with perfect satisfaction to myself and to those to whom they carried and delivered the orders.

It required heroism in Major Montgomery and the officers and soldiers of the train to remain complacently (but necessarily) inactive while the battle was raging.

In the accompanying reports will be found the names of those mentioned for good conduct. Our men behaved so well that it required but ordinary exertions on the part of officers to be successful. The fortunate have our congratulations, the wounded our sympathy, and the fallen our envy.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. McE. DYE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant J. G. CHANDLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., Army of the Frontier.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 85.

---------------

