
next morning before daylight I formed the line of battle and awaited the renewal of the action.

After daylight, seeing no movement of the enemy in front, I ordered arms to be stacked, and awaited further orders. The enemy had fled, and the battle was over.

Our loss in killed was 1 commissioned officer and 8 enlisted men; wounded, 5 commissioned officers and 35 enlisted men, a list of whom is herewith transmitted.*

The men acted throughout the action bravely and with entire self possession, retiring under fire repeatedly, and rallying with the utmost promptness at the word of command. I do not think there was a moment when they were not under control of their officers.

I would be glad to mention instances of personal heroism which passed under my own notice, but, when all acted with equal bravery, I fear I would injure others by merely noticing those which happened to pass under my own eyes. Of the conduct of the officers of companies, I can only say that it was all that could be expected or hoped from men who were gallantry offering up their lives in a cause in which their whole hearts were engaged.

I was assisted in the discharge of my duties as commander of the regiment by Major Thompson, who, although exposed to the hottest of the fire on the left wing, conducted himself with great gallantry and self possession, and who, fortunately for the regiment, was not wounded until the command was safely withdrawn from under the fire of the enemy. The conduct of the chaplain, Rev. U. Eberhart, deserves particular mention for his activity and zeal in assisting in the removal of the wounded from the field, and his unremitting attention to their wants in the hospitals. I would do great injustice to a gallant officer did I forbear to most highly commend the conduct of Lieutenant J. C. McClelland, the acting adjutant, who assisted me on horseback during the entire engagement.

Permit me to remark, in closing, that I consider the regiment much indebted for their escape with so little loss from the orchard to the prompt and intelligible manner in which the timely orders of Colonel Dye, commanding brigade, were transmitted to me, at the most imminent risk of life, by yourself and James W. Cliff, and Thomas H. Henderson, Sixth Missouri Cavalry, acting under your direction.

I remain, most respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. B. LEAKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twentieth Iowa.

Lieutenant C. S. LAKE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier 2nd Div., Army of the Frontier.

Numbers 24. Report of Major Samuel Montgomery, Sixth Missouri Cavalry.

HDQRS. SECOND BATT. SIXTH MISSOURI CAV. VOLS. [December --, 1862.]

SIR: I beg leave respectfully to make the following report of the operations of the battalion under my command from the 6th instant to the present time, and incidents and casualties, so far as known:

I was ordered to detail two of my squadrons, on the 6th instant to

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 85.

---------------

