
report to the officer commanding the Seventh Missouri Cavalry. Companies A and L reported immediately to that officer, and moved rapidly in the direction of Cane Hill. When about 2 miles from this camp they were surrounded by an overwhelming force of cavalry, while feeding, about day light on the 7th instant. All of the two squadrons effected their escape, except 29 non-commissioned officers and privates, together with Captain John H. Paynter and Lieutenant Stockstill, of Company A. Twenty of the enlisted men are known to have been captured. The remaining 9 are supposed to be killed or wounded. Captain Paynter and Lieutenant Stockstill have since been paroled, and have returned to camp. Company D, the only remaining company of my command during this time, was on duty as rear guard. Of the captured and missing men, Company A lost--.*

SAML. MONTGOMERY,

Major, Commanding Battalion.

Lieutenant C. S. LAKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., Army of the Frontier.

Numbers 25. Report of Captain David Murphy, Battery F, First Missouri Light Artillery.

BATTLE FIELD, December 8, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, on the morning of the 7th instant, hearing cannonading to the front, I ordered cannoneers to take equipments and prepare for action. About 12.30 p.m. I received orders from Colonel Huston, commanding Second Division, to move to the front of the brigade with my battery, and take position on the right of the division. After a brief consultation, it was decided to place the right half battery there, and I was allowed to move the left half battery 400 yards to the right, upon a more commanding position. As soon as everything was in readiness, I was ordered to open the attack. The order was anticipated, however, by the enemy; they being in position, fired a blank cartridge for the purpose of finding the strength and position of our artillery. Lieutenant [J.] Marr, under your immediate supervision, replied with the right half battery. This was the signal agreed upon by General Hernon, commanding, and was responded to nobly by every piece in our lines. Leaving Lieutenant [J. L.] Matthaei in charge of the left half battery, and seeing that both chiefs were sustaining their well-earned reputation as artillerists, I rode down to the left of the line, and found Captain [J.] Foust, commanding Company E, Captain [F.] Backof, commanding Company L, First Missouri Light Artillery, and Lieutenant [H.] Borris, commanding section Peoria Light Artillery, hard at work, advancing with their respective batteries to the attack. Anxious to come to close quarters with my battery, I rode back to the right and met you advancing with Lieutenant Marr's half battery, which took position within 300 yards of a rebel battery. The fire was so well directed that the enemy retired, minus caissons, horses, and one piece disabled. Lieutenant Marr was ordered to return, and form on the right of Lieutenant Matthaei, who had, from his commanding position, a fine opportunity of testing the qualities of our rifled cannon.

My battery was now together, and it was truly a gratifying sight to

---------------

*Nominal list omitted. See p. 85.

---------------

