
me to witness the magnificent practice of my officers and men. Wherever a rebel battery disclosed its position, my gunners directed their fire upon it; and I am proud to say that one or two rounds form each piece was sufficient to cause the enemy to limber to the rear and "skedaddle." When the infantry were repulsed, I directed my fire over their heads into the pursuing enemy. The enemy were checked.

The battle had now been raging fiercely for three hours, when a battery was discovered upon our right flank, blazing away like fury. I ordered the right half battery to change front forward on the right piece, and was ready to give the new comer a warm reception, when an orderly arrived and reported General Blunt on our right. This, of course, saved us the necessity of opening on our new friend.

My fire was now directed, under the immediate supervision on General Herron, upon new formations of the enemy, who were endeavoring to make a demonstration upon our left. Their flag was soon shot down, and I ceased firing, not wishing to waste ammunition. This was at 4.30 p. m. In three hours and a half, 450 percussion shells were sent screeching into the enemy's lines, and 60 solid shot from my battery. I am satisfied that there is somebody hurt. Let those who witnessed the skill and coolness of my officers and men sound their praise. I forbear. Suffice it to say, however, that I am pound of them; pound of my regiment, and proud to claim that I belong to the Second Division, Army of the Frontier.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID MURPHY,

Captain Company F, First Missouri Light Artillery.

C. S. LAKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., Army of the Frontier.

Numbers 26. Report of Colonel Dudley Wickersham, Tenth Illinois Cavalry, commanding First Brigade, Third Division.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., ARMY OF THE FRONTIER, In Camp at Prairie Grove, December 8, 1862.

GENERAL; I have the honor to report that, in obedience to Brigadier-General Herron's orders, received at Sugar Creek on the morning of the 7th [6th] instant, I reached your command at Cane Hill at 9 p. m. that evening my command received provisions and forage enough to satisfy their needy wants, through the kindly officers of Colonel Weer, to whom, through you, I beg to return my grateful acknowledgments.

Next morning [December 7], as ordered, my command was formed in line of battle in the field east and adjacent to the old camping ground of the rebels at Cane Hill,and from thence, as ordered, I marched it to Rhea's Mills, being first re-enforced by the Ninth Kansas Cavalry and a section of howitzers from the Third Wisconsin Cavalry, both under the immediate command of Colonel Lynde, where, about noon, your order directing me to open communication and effect a junction with the forces under Brigadier General F. J. Herron, then supposed to be engaging the enemy somewhere between Fayetteville and Cane Hill, was received.

