
In conformity thereto, I proceeded with my command on the old Fayetteville road, in the order hereinafter mentioned, consisting of two battalions First Iowa Cavalry, Colonel James O. Gower, commanding; two battalions Tenth Iowa Cavalry, and their two sections 2-pounder steel howitzers, Lieutenant Colonel James Stuart commanding; two squadrons First Battalion Second Wisconsin Cavalry, Major William H. Miller commanding, and about 400 of the Eighth Missouri Volunteer Cavalry, Colonel [W. F.] Geiger commanding. When it had reached a point just as you enter the woods, the prairie stretching out to the left and front, and about three-fourths of a mile from the point of intersection of this road and the Cane Hill road, my advance fired into some 30 of the enemy's pickets, who fled and disappeared in the woods without returning the fire I then deployed skirmishers into the woods from the front, and detailed an additional squadron from the First Iowa Cavalry as advance guard. When the advance guard reached Marr's house, say one-half mile from the attack just mentioned, it received a heavy fire from the enemy, who were posted there in force, forming their left wing, luckily injuring but one man, whose name will be found at the close of this report. My command closed up rapidly to the aid of the advance, and formed in close column of squadrons. The firing by this time became general between the advance, supported by another squadron of the First Iowa Cavalry, and the enemy. At this juncture a section of the 2-pounder howitzers was ordered to their support; ere they arrived, their movements being characterized with no delay, the enemy had fallen back some 150 yards. The howitzers proceeded some 100 yards down the road in advance of my forces, and there received a terrible fire from the enemy, wounding Corpl. Levi Cassity, of Company B, Tenth Illinois Cavalry, destroying one of his arms, and Private E. McCarty, of Company G, of same regiment, both belonging to the front gun, the former in command thereof Corporal Cassity's

horse attached to the gun wounded. The others, beholding this, feel back with the remaining gun to the head of the column, then at Marr's house, and opened into the enemy's ranks with several rounds of canister, killed 30 men.

Finding at this time that our infantry was hotly engaging the enemy from a position a short distance in my front, from an open meadow adjacent to a corn-field on my left, I left with my command to support them; when, just before reaching them, I received your ordered to given way to the left, to permit your battery to come to their relief, and your fur their order to support said battery.

Just prior to these changes, Lieutenant -- (name unable to learn), with 20 men from Companies L and M, First Iowa Cavalry, volunteered to rescue the missing upon-a perilous task, speedily and meritoriously accomplished. The enemy had not taken it from the field, having been driven back immediately, subsequent to delivering their fire upon it, by the galling fire of my howitzer. Here an individual act of heroism became known, and is worthy of mention, namely, Corporal Cassity was still with the gun, having refused to desert it.

After the formation in the field, my command met with no further attacks, and, in accordance with your orders, received after a general engagement had commenced between your battery, sustained by your infantry, and the enemy's forces, fell back 1\2 miles on the road toward Rhea's Mills; and, still later, by your orders, formed a part of the escort to Fayetteville of the commissary and baggage trains of your command, the rear thereof reaching that place on the evening of the 8th instant. I then reported with my command to Brigadier F. J. Herron, finding you were beyond him.

