
Let me remark, in concluding, that the troops of my command are deserving of mention for the cool, unflinching spirit they evinced during the attack upon them. Not a man wavered, and during the short suspension of firing, intervening after the general attack on my front, when all was suspense and uncertainty, their bearing was soldierly in every regard.

Inclosed I beg you to find a recapitulation of the casualties.*

I have the honor to remain, general, with every consideration of respect, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. WICKERSHAM,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Army of the Frontier.

Brigadier General JAMES G. BLUNT,

Commanding Army of the Frontier.

Numbers 27. Report of Colonel James O. Gower, First Iowa Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST IOWA CAVALRY, Camp, Prairie Grove, Washington Co., Ark., December 10, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, at 6 o'clock on the morning of the 6th instant, in obedience to orders, with the First and Third Battalions of the First Iowa Cavalry, comprising an available force of 500 men, Lieutenant-Colonel [P. G.] Bryan, with the Second Battalion, being detailed as rear guard for the wagon train of the Third Division, I moved from camp on Sugar Creek, Benton County, Arkansas, and, after marching eighteen consecutive hours, reached the headquarters of Brigadier-General Blunt, at Cane Hill, near Boonsborough, Washington County, Arkansas, at 12 o'clock on the night of the 6th instant.

On the morning of the 7th instant, I marched with my command to Rhea's Mills, 8 miles, thence south 5 miles, to Prairie Grove, as advance guard for General Blunt's division, and encountered the enemy at 2.30 p. m., posted in the timber. Squadrons L and M, being in advance, were from Company A, being thrown out as skirmishers, were fired upon by the enemy, and one man of Company A, Private William H. Fortune, severely wounded in the right shoulder, this being the only casualty to the regiment.

The several squadrons being formed in line of battle in the timber, maintained their position for one hour against the continual fire of the enemy, during which time Lieutenant [J. M.] Simeral, of Company L, with 20 men, retook from the enemy one howitzer, lost by the Tenth Illinois Cavalry.

Upon the arrival of General Blunt's division, at 4 p. m., I was ordered to the support of Captain Rabb's battery, and moved my command eastwardly to a large corn-field near the battery, where I remained until 5 p. m., when, by orders, I moved 1\2 miles on the road to Rhea's Mills, and took position, standing to horse until daylight of the 8th instant, when, in obedience to orders, I moved my command northwardly 4 miles, and accompanied, as near guard, the wagon train of General Blunt's division to a camp 1\2 miles west of Fayetteville, where I remained until

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, pp. 85, 86.

---------------

