
daylight on the morning of the 9th instant, when, as advance guard to the same train of wagons, I marched to Rhea's Mills, thence south 7 miles, to the present camp.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES O. GOWER,

Colonel First Iowa Cavalry.

Captain WILLIAM HYDE CLARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Army of the Frontier.

Numbers 28. Report of Major William H. Miller, Second Wisconsin Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST BATTALION, SECOND WISCONSIN CAVALRY, Camp of Prairie Grove, Ark., December 9, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report, pursuant to orders received from Colonel Wickersham, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, to which brigade my command was attacked. We marched from Camp Curtis, near Wilson's Creek, on the 3rd of December at 12 m.; encamped for the night on Crane Creek, resuming our march next morning (December 4), arriving and encamping for the night on Crane Creek, near Cassville. December 5, we marched to Sugar Creek. December 6, with the cavalry of the brigade in advance, made a forced march, separating ourselves from balance of the division; reached Cane Hill; joined General Blunt's forces at 11 p. m. Sunday, December 7, at daylight, we were ordered to a position on the field, making a few slight preparations for battle, and remaining until 9 a. m., when we were ordered forward on the road leading in direction of Fayetteville. We marched until 1 p. m., and halted at Rhea's Mills. At 1.30 we marched to the battle-field, arriving and taking a position on right of cavalry; deployed as skirmishers, watching the enemy on that flank, pursuant to orders received from General Blunt. We remained in the position until recalled at the close of the battle. During the day a few slight demonstrations were made upon us by small numbers of the enemy, but without effect. No casualties occurred.

Yours, to command,WM. H. MILLER,

Major, Commanding First Batt. Second Wisconsin Vol. Cavalry.

WILLIAM HYDE CLARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second and Third Divs., Army of the Frontier.

Numbers 29. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry Bertram, Twentieth Wisconsin Infantry.

HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 3rd DIV., ARMY OF THE FRONTIER, December 9, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, on the 7th instant, after being ordered by you to place that portion of the First Brigade under my charge into position, the order was promptly executed by Battery L, First Missouri Light Artillery, supported by the Twentieth Wiscon-

