
order, under command of Lieutenant Richard Root, acting adjutant of the regiment. The different portions of the Nineteenth Iowa then fell back and formed in line across the creek.

As the sun set, the firing on both sides closed, the infantry resting on their arms, without camp-fires during the whole night.

At 3 o'clock on the morning of the 8th, by order of the general commanding, I formed the Nineteenth Iowa and Ninety-fourth Illinois in line, where they, respectively, took position on the night of the 7th. Soon after sunrise on the morning of the 8th, I ordered forward a company of the Ninety-fourth Illinois as skirmishers, advancing them up the hill occupied by the rebels the evening before; and by direction of the general I also ordered the Nineteenth Iowa and Twentieth Wisconsin to follow the company of skirmishers, and post themselves on the hill, where they remained until ordered back to go into camp.

I regret to announce the death of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel McFarland, commanding the Nineteenth Iowa, who fell while gallantly leading his men in the charge on the rebels on the hill.

I cannot speak too highly of the gallant conduct of the officers and men of the Nineteenth Iowa, for, after being repulsed with great loss by an overwhelming force of the enemy, they rallied and brought from the field the colors of the Twentieth Wisconsin Regiment. Captain [S. F.] Roderick, of the Nineteenth Iowa, deserves special mention for meritorious conduct. He gathered together some 70 men of his regiment, after it was broken and scattered; rallied them around the regimental colors, and, under my direction, formed them on the left of the Ninety-fourth Illinois, where they did good service, and only retired from the field when ordered to fall back. Lieutenant Richard Root, acting adjutant of the regiment, is also entitled to honorable mention. By direction of his commanding officer, and at the request of the captains, he took charge of the three companies of skirmishers, and maneuvered them with great bravery and skill.

Too much praise cannot be accorded to the officers and men of Battery E, First Missouri Light Artillery; and Lieutenants Foust, [C. L.] Edwards, and [J. B.] Atwter are entitled the honorable notice for their gallant conduct and the signal ability with which they managed their battery. The Ninety-fourth Illinois behaved well. The safety of our left wing depended in a great measure upon their efforts. They withstood every attack on our left, and repulsed the enemy with heavy loss.

The intrepid bearing of Lieutenant Colonel John McNulta inspired his men with courage; and when the battery retired, leaving one of its caissons on the field, he took a squad of his men and in person brought it from the field.

Iowa and Illinois may still continue to view with pride the heroic conduct of their volunteers, for on the field of Prairie Grove, as on all other battle-fields of the war, these soldiers have fought side by side, wining fresh laurels and proudly maintaining the high honor of their respective States.

I cannot close this report without making honorable mention of my adjutant, Lieutenant Hudson Burr. He fearlessly visited every part of the field bearing my orders, and aiding very much in rallying the men when their regiments had been repulsed.

One of my orderlies, Private George Wilkerson, of Company E, Eighth Missouri Volunteer Cavalry, is entitled to notice for the fearless discharge of his duties. He was with me during the whole engagement, until late in the afternoon, when he was wounded in the left arm while riding by my side.

