
I have annexed hereto a statement of the killed, wounded, and missing of the brigade.* I also inclose herewith the reports of the different regiments and detachments of my command.

I have the honor to be, captain, respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

WM. W. ORME,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Third Division.

Captain WILLIAM HYDE CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second and Third Divisions.

Numbers 32. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel John McNulta, Ninety-fourth Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. NINETY-FOURTH ILLINOIS VOL. INFANTRY, Camp, Prairie Grove, Ark., December 8, 1862.

SIR: I hereby submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the battle of Prairie Grove on the 7th instant:

My men were very much fatigued and foot-sore, bring marched, as you are aware, nearly 100 miles. They endured all the privations, loss of sleep, short rations, &c., with commendable firmness and patience; and, when a prospect of bring speedily brought to face the enemy was presented to them, forgot their suffering, and responded with the promptness of fresh troops to the orders to prepare for immediate action. Although scarcely able to walk, from their sore and blistered feet, they formed in line of battle and awaited with anxiety the order to advance.

Companies A and K were deployed as skirmishers, under my special supervision, on the base and the side of the mountain on the left, the regiment occupying the left of the line of battle. The regiment was then ordered forward, with two pieces of artillery, by General Herron. They moved on the double-quick nearly a mile in advance of the line of battle, already formed. The battery being already planted, our regiment was placed as its support while they shelled the woods down the valley in our advance. No response being given by the enemy, the battery was limbered and the regiment again ordered to advance, accompanied by General Herron and body guard and two pieces of Battery E, First Missouri Artillery.

Companies B, C, and D were then deployed to our left as skirmishers, under the command of Major [R. G.] Laughlin. They,covering the valley to our left, crossed the creek and advanced to the fence, in view of the enemy's line, which was formed in the rear of the fence on the other side of the field. The regiment in the mean time, marching by the road, crossed the creek at the ford, and was formed in line on the left of the ford under cover. The skirmishers were then ordered to rally on the command. Company A was placed as flankers on our left, and the regiment awaited further orders. Soon after, the firing of the artillery commenced, when orders were received from Colonel [W. W.] Orme to take our position in line of battle on the extreme left. I then changed our front and engaged the enemy on our left, opening the infantry engagement of the day and receiving their first fire. I then moved by the left flank farther to the left in the wood, and formed in line of battle within 200 yards of the enemy's where we again drew their fire; but in a few moments the enemy fell back from our front over the brow of the hill.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted. See p. 86.

---------------

