
The advantage thus gained was not followed up, on account of order being received from Colonel Orme to support Battery E at hall hazards. Our line was again withdrawn and formed in the rear. I again formed the line in the same position formerly occupied, the enemy reforming their right with increased numbers. We again opened fire upon them, when they again withdrew.

The right of our line having fallen back to a new line, about 200 yards to the rear, the battery also being withdrawn to the same line, I then formed my line on that point, under immediate orders from General Herron, bringing with me a caisson left on the field by Battery E. I then formed my regiment on the road near the ford, under orders from General Herron, held it there during the night. My regiment, as I believe, received the first infantry fire of the enemy, and were the last to leave the field.

The officers and men of my command behaved more like veterans than new troops in their first battle. Where so much courage was shown it is difficult to speak of some and not of others; yet, when such instances of gallantry are displayed as were shown by some of the officers and men of my command, I deem it proper to mention the names of those who made themselves most conspicuous by their conduct during the engagement. Much credit is due Major R. Laughlin, for the energy and perseverance he has displayed on not only this, but on all important occasions. His efforts in carrying out all orders and encouraging the men to deeds of bravery, by his personal example, had a most beneficial effect, and on this, as upon all other occasions, he showed himself possessed of all the qualifications that are essential to the officer and man. Brave and cool in danger, and firm in the administration of discipline, he has shown himself competent to fill the position he occupies, or any that may be assigned him, with honor to himself and credit to the service.

In my efforts to carry out orders delivered to me, and in the performance enjoined by myself, I was nobly seconded by the line officers of my command, who, with one or two exceptions, were active and efficient, and did honor to themselves and to the regiment.

In this connection I would mention particularly Captain [A. T.] Briscoe, Company A, who acted with his company as skirmishers, and did us good service; Captain [J. M.] Burch, of Company K, who managed his command admirably, and, by his coolness and courage under fire and general good conduct, gave evidence of fine military attainments; Captain [J. L.] Routt, of Company E, although quite unwell, was cool, collected, and rendered extraordinary service by encouraging and stimulating his men, and Captain [J. C.] McFarland, Company B, also displayed coolness and courage of a high order. I must not fail to speak of Captain [J. P.] Orme, of Company H, who, although the youngest officer in command, distinguished himself during the whole engagement. Lieutenant [G.] Hayes, of Company K, was prominent for his activity in the discharge of his duty, and showed by his conduct prominent soldierly qualities. Lieutenant [W. W.] Elder, of Company B, I am sorry to say, was severely wounded, and we lose for a time the services of a reliable and faithful officer. Great praise is due to Sergeants Haywood, Company K; Minier, Company I; Rouie, Company A; Grier, Company C; J. S. Martin, Company B, and Orderly Sergeant Bishop, Company D, for their gallant conduct on the field and efficient service rendered in their respective positions. Color-Sergeants Stipp and McKenzie are deserving of the highest praise for the manner in which they performed their duties in the responsible positions which they occupied.

