
The color-guard also stood nobly to their posts, and suffered no danger to drive them from the discharge of duty. Corpl. A. C. Stewart is worthy of particular mention for the coolness and bravery he displayed throughout the day. Also Privates William H. Carter, of Company C, and William Clark, of Company A, were conspicuous for the prompt and efficient manner in which they discharged their duty.

I desire, in addition, to make mention of the regimental staff, Drs. Ross and Stewart proved themselves most efficient officers in their department; Dr. Stewart remained upon the field with his attendants, and, as each man fell, he was taken up, his wounds examined, and treated in the best possible manner without delay; Lieutenant M. L. Moore, and his faithful assistant, Serg. R. E. Guthrie proved himself to be a soldier in every sense of the word, and eminently qualified to fill the position he occupied. He was on the field throughout the whole engagement, encouraging the men on in their good work, calling on them to trust in God, do their duty, and fire low, and using such other expressions as were calculated to inspire with courage,. I am under personal obligations to Lieutenant George B. O'Keson, acting adjutant, for the prompt assistance rendered by him upon the field, and the coolness and courage he displayed in executing all orders given him and seeing that all commands were carried out promptly.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

J. McNULTA,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Ninety-fourth Illinois Vol. Infantry.

Lieutenant HUDSON BURR,

A. A. A. G., Second Brigadier, Third Div., Army of the Frontier.

Numbers 33.

Report of Major Daniel Kent, Nineteenth Iowa Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH IOWA VOLUNTEERS, Camp, Prairie Grove, December 10, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor of reporting to you the part taken by the Nineteenth Regiment in the late battle of the 7th instant.

The Nineteenth Regiment, 500 strong, was ordered into line of battle at 12 m., Lieutenant-Colonel [S.] McFarland in command. By order of Colonel Orme, three companies were detached and deployed as skirmishers. The companies were A, B, and C, and, owing to the circumstances, Lieutenant [R.] Root, acting adjutant of the regiment, was ordered to take command, which was done. The skirmishers advanced under a heavy fire to a corn-field on the right of Battery E, First Missouri Light Artillery, and were ordered to hold it at all hazards, which was done, until ordered to fall back and form in line of battle. The regiment was then ordered to advance to the left of the while house on the hill, to support the Twentieth Wisconsin Infantry, which was hotly engaged. The Nineteenth, led by Lieutenant-Colonel McFarland, advanced up the hill steadily, and across the orchard back of the house, when the Twentieth Wisconsin gave way. The Nineteenth still advanced to the fence adjoining the wood, when the enemy, who lay con-

