
cealed, arose to their feet, three regiments deep, pouring a destructive fire us from three sides, which caused the regiment to waver and fall back to the battery, on the left of the road leading up the hill. Lieutenant-Colonel McFarland here fell, shot through the body. I then took command, and rallied what was left of the regiment, as the regiment met with a severe loss in the charge. I then left the men I had rallied in charge of Captain [S. F.] Roderick, of Company K, and went to rally some scattered troops. Colonel Orme then rode up and ordered Captain Roderick to fall in and rally with the Ninety-fourth Illinois, which he did, led by Colonel Orme in person, driving the enemy back with great slaughter, and holding their position until ordered to fall back and reform.

In the retreat of the Twentieth Wisconsin, the color-bearer was shot, letting fall the colors, when the enemy made a desperate effort to get them, but a portion of the Nineteenth Iowa rallied and got possession of and carried them off the field.

In making out the report, it is with pleasure I can say that the officers and men he behaved nobly and fought desperately as if the fate of the battle depended on them alone. I will mention especially Captain Roderick, of Company K, whom I left in charge of some scattered troops; also Captain [T. W.] Richmond, of Company H, and Captain [A. M.] Taylor, of Company G; also Lieutenant [W. S.] Brooks, of Company D, who bought the colors off the field, and in doing so was badly wounded. Others are equally meritorious, but too numerous to mention at present.

The report of the detachment of skirmishers I send to you as received:

SIR: Having been ordered to take command of the three companies of skirmishers on the 7th instant, the day of battle, I advanced them to the right of Battery E, First Missouri Light Artillery, when the right wing, under Captain Bruce, was attacked by a superior force of the enemy; but a few well-directed shots drove them back. I would here notice the bravery of Captain Bruce and the men under him. After advancing up near the wood, the enemy came out of cover, showing a heavy body of infantry and two battalions of cavalry. They met with a warm reception from the right, under Captain Bruce, which made them scatter. At this time I received an order from Colonel Orme to fall back to the corn-file,d so as to let the battery shell the wood, which was done in good order, and held until ordered by you to join the regiment.

R. ROOT,

Lieutenant, Commanding Skirmishers.

Major KENT,

Commanding Nineteenth Iowa Volunteers.

On the morning of the 8th instant was ordered into line at 6 o'clock, and advanced across the creek and formed a line of battle, and advanced up through the timber, on the left of the Twentieth Wisconsin. Was then ordered to occupy the fence east of the house. Did so, crossing part of the ground that was fought over the day before. Occupied the position until ordered to fall back, so as let both sides have a chance to collect their dead. Selected an advantageous pieces of ground, and occupied it until ordered into camp.*

I remain, yours, respectfully,

D. KENT,

Major, Commanding Nineteenth Iowa Volunteers.

Colonel W. W. ORME,

Commanding Second Brigadier, Third Div., Army of the Frontier.

---------------

*Summary of casualties, here omitted, is embodied in revised statement, p. 86.

---------------

