
I can make on exceptions to the conduct of both officers and men, as under the most galling fire each one was at his post, and not one man wavered.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

JOSEPH FOUST,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Company E, First Missouri Light Artillery.

Colonel W. W. ORME,

Commanding Second Brigadier, Third Div., Army of the Frontier.

Numbers 35. Report of Captain Amos L. Burrows, First Missouri Cavalry.

HDQRS. FIRST BATTALION FIRST MISSOURI CAVALRY, Camp at Prairie Grove, Ark., December 9, 1862.

CAPTAIN: General Orders requiring it, I herewith beg leave to submit the following as my report of the part taken by this battalion in the action of December 7:

I left Fayetteville at 4 o'clock on the morning of the 7th instant with three companies (I, H, and L), Company I, Captain J. M. Adams, being detailed as immediate body guard. Company H, commanded by Lieutenant [G. W.] Hanna, and Company L, escort to the general, were sent out as advance guard, commanded by Major J. M. Hubbard. We march on without interruption until within 8 miles of Cane Hill, when we saw a large body of the First Arkansas and Seventh Missouri Cavalry on the retreat. We undertook to stop them, and, finding it being no use, Major Hubbard ordered the fence to be thrown down on the left-hand side of the road, and drew up in line of battle in the wheat-field, and instructed the First Arkansas and Seventh Missouri Cavalry to form in our rear. They partially did so, but, having several shots fired at our line by the enemy, they broke and fled. The enemy came down the road without 200 yards; filed off right and left of the road to flank us. Major Hubbard saw that their numbers were too great to contend with, and gave the order to retreat. We started across the field to content with, and gave the order to retreat. We started across the field to the mountain, some 3 miles distant, in order to divert the enemy from coming down on the infantry before they were prepared for it.

Having so many fences to cross, our progress was much impeded, and having to cross a lane, the enemy came up our rear and commenced firing. Major Hubbard, in trying to cross the fence, was compelled to surrender, when the command devolved upon myself. I immediately commanded the head of the column to the right, in order to get to the mountain quicker. The enemy continued to follow us until we reached the foot of the mountain. During the time we lost 1 lieutenant and 10 men, taken prisoners, and 3 men wounded.

When we arrived at the foot of the mountain, we met about 200 stragglers to fall into ranks. I formed them into line of battle immediately, to make a stand if they followed us any farther. But they discontinued the pursuit, and we struck off through the fields to the main road, coming into the road in the rear of the infantry. I immediately marched to the front and reported to General Herron, when I was ordered to skirmish on our left flank and find out the position of the enemy. After going some 600 yards, we found the enemy drawn up in line of battle in a corn-field, about 300 yards in advance of us. I reported the same to

