
General Herron, when we were ordered to skirmish on the right flank. We skirmished our right flank until we got on the west side of the Illinois River, where we found the enemy strongly posted, some half mile in advance. We immediately formed on the right of Battery E, First Missouri Light Artillery, when our artillery opened, being immediately replied to by the enemy. The shells coming rather close, we were ordered to fall back to give place to the infantry, who had by that time come up to the support of the battery.

I retired some 200 yards farther to the right, and sent out skirmishers to protect our right flank, when I was ordered to throw out skirmishers on our left flank. We followed up the west side of the river about 1 mile; discovered no trace of the enemy, when I was ordered to keep my command in readiness for further orders, when I was ordered to keep my command in readiness for further orders, when I was ordered by Colonel Orme, commanding Second Brigade, Third Division, to advance as skirmishers on the left flank of the Ninety-fourth Illinois Infantry.

After coming out of the brush we received a heavy volley from the enemy's right flank, posted behind a fence in the edge of the timber, when we retired and gave room for the Ninety-fourth Illinois to charge them, which poured in a deadly volley into their ranks. I immediately went back and reported to General Herron for further orders, when I was ordered to move with my command down the valley, to ascertain if the enemy were trying to get in our rear to attack the baggage train. I went down 4 miles. Seeing no signs of the enemy, I again reported to the general, and, it being dark, I was ordered to camp at the general's headquarters.*

AMOS L. BORROWS,

Captain Company L, First Battalion, First Missouri Vol. Cav.

Numbers 36. Reports of Major General Thomas C. Hindman, C. S. Army, commanding First Corps, Trans-Mississippi Army, including preliminary skirmishes.

BATTLE-FIELD AT PRAIRIE GROVE, ARK., Camp 23 miles west of Van Buren, December 9, 1862.

I threatened the enemy's right and front at Cane Hill; moved on his left to cut off re-enforcements, which I attacked and drove back, and then took position at Prairie Grove, and fought the whole army with the following result: My loss is about 350 killed, wounded, and missing. The Federal loss was about 1,000 killed and wounded, about 300 prisoners (including a large number of officers), a train, of 20 wagons, and 4 stand of colors. We hold the battle-field. A flag has this moment been sent in by the enemy, asking a truce of twelve hours to bury his dead and care for his wounded. I have granted it.

T. C. HINDMAN.

Major-General HOLMES.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, TRANS-MISSISSIPPI ARMY, Camp near Fort Smith, Ark., December 25, 1862.

COLONEL: I marched form near Van Buren on the 3rd instant with 9,000 infantry, 2,000 cavalry, and 22 pieces of artillery. Lack of shoes

---------------

*Casualties embodied in revised statement, p. 86.

---------------

