
and Lane's regiment of Texas cavalry (the latter commanded by Lieutenant Colonel R. P. Crump) were held in readiness to meet any attempt upon the flanks. About 12 o'clock the enemy opened with artillery, to which ours began responding, but this I prohibited.

At 1 p. m., aided by a tremendous artillery fire, the infantry of Herron's command advanced against the position held by Shoup and Marmaduke. It was permitted to approach within 60 yards, and then, as it charged, making gallantry past one of our batteries, and having it a moment in possession, Fagan's Arkansas brigade, part of McRae's brigade, and the Missourians, under Shelby, delivered a terrific fire from their shot-guns, rifles, and muskets, and charged the enemy furiously. Hawthorn's regiment of Arkansians retook the battery. The Federals broke and field. Our men pursued them far into the prairie. The slaughter was great, the earth in many places strewn with Federal wounded and dead. Very soon the attack was renewed, a little farther to my right, with great vigor and determination. I ordered Shaver's Arkansas brigade, of Frost's division, to the support of General Shoup. The enemy was again repulsed with heavy loss, and retired in confusion.

Blunt had now formed line of battle 2,000 yards to the front and left of Shoup, and commenced advancing. I ordered Frost's division forward on the left of Marmaduke's. The thick undergrowth on that flank rendered it difficult to execute the movement, which was further embarrassed by the well-directed and determined fire of the enemy's batteries. There was, however, no confusion. By the time Frost's division was in line, the enemy was nearly across the prairie, and our skirmishers engaged his almost as soon as deployed. His attack was directed against Parsons' brigade. It was fierce and prolonged, but ended in his being driven back in disorder with heavy losses. One of Marmaduke's regiments and one of Roane's (both Missourians) shared the honor of this brilliant achievement. The enemy now brought up all his artillery, many pieces of which were rifled, and endeavored to shake our troops by playing upon the entire line for nearly an hour. Then he attacked with all his infantry, at the same time threatening the extreme left with a heavy cavalry force and attempting to turn the right. Lane's Texas cavalry and Roane's brigade deterred him from seriously assailing the left, and Shoup's division, Shelby's brigade, of Marmaduke's division, and Parsons' and Shaver's brigades, of Frost's division, gloriously repulsed him in his desperate attacks upon their lines. He again fled beyond the prairie, leaving his dead and wounded, and the colors of several of his regiments, in our hands, besides a number of prisoners. Some of these were ascertained to be of Totten's division, which had arrived upon the field, still further increasing the disparity of forces.

In the midst of this struggle information reached me that a considerable body of Federal cavalry was approaching Hog-eye, to which place I ordered my trains. I directed the wagons retired on the Telegraph road to Oliver's. This was done without loss. A furious cannonade was kept up by the enemy's until near sunset; then a last attack of his infantry was directed against the line held by Frost. This was a most determined effort to retrieve the fortunes of the day. It signally failed, and the enemy paid dearly in killed and wounded for the attempt. At dark the battle closed, leaving us masters of every foot of the ground on which it was fought.

Our loss in killed was 164; wounded, 817; missing, 336. The enemy left not less than 400 dead on the field, and his wounded certainly exceeded 1,500. The numbers of prisoners in our hands was 275, including

