
9 officers. We also captured 5 Federal flags and over 500 small-arms, with 23 wagons containing clothing and camp and garrison equipage. Invoices of this property have been forwarded.

Off all the troops engaged on our side, Adams' Arkansas regiment alone dishonored itself. It was well armed, ably commanded, and surrounded by good soldiers form the same State, setting it an example of courage and patriotism;but, after delivering a single fire, the greater part of the men broke ranks, threw down their arms, and shamefully fled, many of them even deserting to the enemy. The field and staff officers exerted no influence. The other troops displayed the greatest courage, constancy, and enthusiasm. There was no place of shelter upon any portion of the field. Wounds were given and deaths inflicted by the enemy's artillery in the ranks of the reserves as well as in the front rank. During five hours, solid shot, grape and canister, and storms of bullets swept the entire ground. Many gallant officers, ad many soldiers equally brave, fell dead or wounded, but their comrades stood as firm as iron. Volunteers maintained their reputation. Conscripts rose at once to the same standard, and splendidly refuted the slanders put upon them by the class of exempts.

Generals Frost, Shoup, and Marmaduke, commanding divisions; Generals Roane, Fagan, Parsons, and McRae, and Colonels Shaver and Shelby, commanding brigades, did their duty nobly. I strongly commend them to the lieutenant-general commanding the department. Generals Shoup and Marmaduke do not appear to have been confirmed as brigadiers. They fully merit the honor. Had the authorities. whose consent is requisite, been present at Prairie Grove or at Shiloh, where these gallant officers equally distinguished themselves, the act of confirmation could not be delayed. The reports of the division commanders and their subordinates are forwarded herewith. Especial attention instances of courage and good conduct an the part of field, staff, and company officers and enlisted men which I will not be expected otherwise to mention here.

I had with me the following staff: Colonel R. C. Newton, chief of staff; Major J. P. Wilson, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant S. B. Reardon, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant R. W. Lee, aide-de-camp, acting chief of ordnance; Colonel D. Provence, acting chief of artillery; Colonel A. S. Dobbin and Major E. C. Boundinot, volunteer aides-de-camp; Surg. J. M. Keller, medical director. All of them were constantly under fire. They displayed great coolness and disregard of danger in the discharge of their duties. This was the second bloody battle in which Colonel Newton and Major Wilson served on my staff. In both they evinced the same high qualities. The confirmation of their rank has been fairly won at Shiloh and at Prairie Grove. I present this subject specially to the department commander, with the case also of Lieutenant [McK. A.] Hammett, all being of the number of assignments made by me while commanding the Trans-Mississippi District.

Considering the strength of my command, as compared with the enemy; considering that my men were destitute of food, their wagons 30 miles in rear, and not to be brought forward without imminent danger of being lost; that my small supply of ammunition was reduced far below what would be necessary for another day's fighting, and that my battery animals were literally dying of starvation, and could not be for-

