
izations, rights on paper, and penalties on statute-books, are inert and powerless to help them. A living, active, fearless assertion and enforcement of martial law alone can do it. If much longer delayed, that remedy itself will come too late.

Respectfully,

T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Trans-Mississippi Department.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Little Rock, Ark., December 24, 1862.

Major General T. C. HINDMAN,Commanding First Corps, Trans-Mississippi Army, in the Field:

GENERAL: I have the pleasure of acknowledging the receipt, at the hands of Lieutenant Hammett, acting assistant adjutant-general of your corps, of the three stand of colors captured by your army from the enemy at Prairie Grove Church on the 7th instant.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 37. Report of Brigadier General John S. Marmaduke, C. S. Army, commanding Fourth Division, including preliminary skirmishers.

HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, TRANS-MISSISSIPPI ARMY, Clarksville, Ark., December 16, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report herewith the part taken by my division in the battle of Prairie Grove and the skirmishers preceding.

In obedience to orders received from Major-General Hindman, I moved my division early Wednesday morning, December 3, from Dripping Springs in the direction of the enemy, at Cane Hill, as follows: Carroll's brigade--reduced to about 500 effective men-under the command of Colonel [J. M.] Monroe, on the Line road; Shelby's brigade, under Colonel Shelby--about 1,100 effective men--beyond Oliver's, on the Cove Creek road; [Emmett] MacDonald, with his brigade--about 700 effective men--to Oliver's, on the Wire road, each guarding with strong pickets and scouts all approaches from the northward.

On Thursday, the several brigades moved forward a few miles on the roads named.

On Friday [5th instant], Monroe's command marches across and formed junction with Shelby on the Cove Creek road, some 10 miles above Oliver's. MacDonald pressed forward some 10 miles on the Wire road; Shelby on the Cove Creek road. The two latter brigades engaged the enemy's pickets to-day and drove them back.

Friday night, Shelby's advance met the Federal pickets in strong force near Morrow's.

Early Saturday morning [6th instant], before daylight, he dismounted his brigade, and with skill and vigor rapidly drove them back and beyond the crest of Boston Mountains. The enemy made a stubborn resistance, but were compelled to retire to within 2 miles of their main force.

During Friday night, MacDonald's command was withdrawn to form

