
junction with the main cavalry force on the Cove Creek road, leaving, however, a strong picket (100 men) to watch the Wire road.

On Saturday morning, Shelby, relieved by an infantry command, was withdrawn from the front to cook and rest.

About 2 p. m. Saturday, it being reported that the Federals were retreating form Cane Hill, I received orders form the major-general commanding to press the enemy vigorously on the Cane Hill road, and to move forward rapidly on the Cove Creek road to cut off the enemy's retreat. Monroe moved rapidly forward on the Cane Hill road, engaged, charged, and drove back a superior force of the enemy, and continued to drive them until he received orders from me to cease advancing, to picket, and watch all approaches in that direction.

The conduct of Colonel Monroe, who charged at the head of this brigade, and of the officers and men under his command in this affair, was gallant in the extreme.

Shelby and MacDonald pressed forward on the Cove Creek road until orders were received to halt.

The brigades bivouacked in their present positions until 3 p. m. Sunday morning, when, in obedience to orders, I ordered Monroe to threaten and press the enemy vigorously on the Cane Hill road, while Shelby and MacDonald were moved forward on the Cove Creek road to its intersection with the Fayetteville and Cane Hill road, where the advance of Shelby arrived about daylight. Here I learned that re-enforcements, under General Herron, from Springfield, Mo., were some half mile off in the direction of Fayetteville, moving toward Cane Hill. I ordered Shelby to dismount a part of his brigade, and, with the artillery under Bledsoe, to hold the road-to resist the enemy coming from either direction-and with the remainder of his force to move up the Fayetteville road and attack the re-enforcements. At the same time I ordered MacDonald, with his whole command, to move rapidly and strike the enemy in flank and rear. Promptly, vigorously, skillfully, and successfully routed wherever found. They fled panic-stricken, and were pursued some 5 miles up to the Federal infantry, formed in line of battle some 5 or 6 miles from Fayetteville.

In the charge some 50 or 60 Federals were killed, about 300 were taken prisoners, among them several officers; a number of horses and cavalry equipments, small-arms, and several wagons loaded with clothing and camp equipage were captured. As soon as the head of the infantry column came up, I ordered the cavalry held in reserve to mount; Colonel [G. W.] Thompson's regiment to march toward Cane Hill to determine the enemy's movements in that direction; the remainder to move in the direction of Fayetteville, to join the main cavalry force, which I had ordered to be reformed after the long and desperate charge and pursuit, and to await further orders. I now received orders from General Hindman in person to move against the Federal re-enforcements. I ordered Shelby's brigade forward. After crossing the Illinois River and advancing about 1\2 miles, I found the enemy in position and in force-infantry, artillery, and cavalry. The enemy opened upon Shelby with artillery, and soon began to advance. I ordered him to retire upon the infantry, which I found posted upon a high and commanding hill. Shelby's brigade, after falling back deliberately under fire to the infantry, were dismounted, and, under a murderous fire of shot, shell, and small-arms, fought as infantry during the rest of the battle, gallantly holding the center of the line of battle. As the enemy advanced upon Shelby, I ordered MacDonald to retire around to the foot

