
of the hill, and watch the movements of the enemy from the north and west. Subsequently, finding the enemy attempting to turn our right flank, I ordered MacDonald to move his command to the extreme right, to dismount his men, and repel any attack in that direction. It was gallantly done.

Monroe, in obedience to orders, attacked the enemy at daylight on Sunday morning, and, by his daring and skill, kept the enemy in the belief, until 10 a. m., that the attack was to be made in that direction. Upon the enemy retreating, he pursued and formed a junction with the main force about sunset on the battle-field. From early morn until night the brave men of my division (on horse and afoot) fought the foe, and were every where victorious. The serried columns of Federals again and again came forward to meet their fate-death or defeat. Never did they gain one inch of ground nor even partial success. All orders were promptly and properly obeyed, and the conduct of both officers and men was chivalrous, and deserves the highest commendation. I must specially mention the skill and daring of Colonels Shelby, Monroe, and MacDonald, each commanding brigade. Shelby was wherever duty and danger called him, and rendered most distinguished service.

For a more detailed report of the conduce of the several brigades and regiments and of the brave officers and men under my command, I respectfully refer you to the reports of the brigade commanders, inclosed herewith.

The following officers of my staff were with me during the engagement: Captain [E. G.] Williams, assistant adjutant-general; Captain [Henry] Ewing, inspector-general; Major [R. H.] Smith, division quartermaster; Dr. [C.] Peyton, chief surgeon, and Colonel [A. W.] Slayback, division ordnance officer. I desire to bring them to your notice for the prompt and perfect execution of all their duties and my orders, their daring and efficiency under every danger. Major Smith and Colonel Slayback were particularly exposed in the discharge of their duties, and participated in the gallant charges and encouraged others to deeds of coolness and courage. I beg also to bring to your favorable notice Mr. C. O. Bell and my two orderlies, Stafford and Cook, who were with me during the engagement.

Very respectfully,

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel R. C. NEWTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 38. Report of Colonel Joseph O. Shelby, Missouri Cavalry (Confederate), commanding Fourth Missouri Cavalry Brigade, including preliminary skirmishes.

CAMP BELOW VAN BUREN, ARK., December 11, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by my brigade in the battle of Prairie Grove, and also the skirmishes preceding it, as required by you in a previous order:

On the morning of December 5, my advance, consisting of Company F, commanded by Captain Rathbun, First Regiment, met a largely superior force of the enemy, and, after a sharp little fight, drove him back

