
don's regiments were dismounted and formed in the dry bed of a creek, and so stationed that they could resist an attack either from the east or west. With those two regiments was one piece of Bledsoe's two-gun battery; the other I had sent thundering down the road to support Colonel Jeans. With the Second Regiment of my brigade I also threw forward Captain Quantrill's company, under First Lieutenant Gregg, and Major [B.] Elliott's battalion of scouts, who, joining in the wild halloa, pressed forward eagerly and fiercely, driving the frightened Federals before them like chaff before the winds of heaven. Still the rout continues.

Tramp, tramp, along the land they ride,

Splash, splash, along the lea;

The scourge is red, the spur drops blood,

The flashing pebbles flee!

The fight grows intensely interesting, and my men, feeling the inspiration of the scene, dash on and on, taking prisoners, capturing guns, colors, horses, mules, and every form and variety of clothing, left in the desperate flight of the terror-[stricken] enemy. It was only when I deemed further pursuit not only imprudent, but highly dangerous, that I called off my troops and proceeded to avail myself any effusion of blood.

At this time Lieutenant [J. E.] Corder, with 20 men, whom I had left on picket when I turned from the main Fayetteville road, come up for orders, he having been driven from his position there by a largely superior force. I ordered him to improvise his men as teamsters and drive the captured train rapidly to the rear, which the did, and did safely.

In this brilliant and dashing charge, Lieutenant Gregg and company sustained their height renown for chivalric courage and daring, capturing, among many other articles, three standards, one of them regimental.

Major Elliott, with his bold scouts, did good work, and it was while leading a headlong charge, five lengths ahead of his best and bravest, that his horse fell with his gallant rider, injuring him quite severely, though not fatally.

The three companies of my advance in this fight were commanded by Major [David] Shanks, which were followed by three more, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel [Charles A.] Gilkey, within easy supporting distance. When the enemy were first found he was in line. The charge was ordered, and Colonel Jeans, Major Elliott, and Lieutenant Gregg rushed their commands straight at the foe. They broke and fled precipitately, followed by the three commands furiously to 1\2 miles beyond Illinois Creek, where, drawn up in line to dispute further progress, was a regiment of Federal cavalry. This was hotly charged, broken, routed, and Major [J. M.] Hubbard, the arch fiend of many a midnight foray and murder, was taken prisoner. When I found that large masses of Federal Infantry were marching up to support their cavalry, I fell back with this command to the position by me. Again advanced to within sight, formed and sent out skirmishers all along my front and flanks, holding this position until ordered by you to fall back, which I did, retiring under fire. In the final dispositions of the day, I formed the First Regiment having previously been sent to ascertain the position of the enemy in the direction of Cane Hill, which they did, meeting their pickets, engaging them, and, after a sharp little fight, driving them back. They held their position thus gained until ordered to return and cover the rear of General Parsons. Captain Quantrill's company, com-

