
crossed hats went down like apple-blossoms in a sweet May wand, he was ever the same - brave, kind, humane, chivalric, devoted, daring; now three lengths ahead of his best and bravest, and now speaking the quick, keen words of hope and courage. Lieutenant Colonel [B.] Frank Gordon, of the gallant First, was there among his men, ever where the fire was heaviest and hottest, leading them on to glory, and showing by his actions that Missourians know their rights, and, knowing, dare maintain them. Lieutenant-Colonel Gilkey, Lieutenant-Colonel Hooper, and all my officers behaved in a most gallant and praiseworthy manner, never seeming to mind the tempest of shot and shell bursting all around them. My adjutant (Captain Brewster) was ever with me, brave and daring, carrying orders and forming regiments as if on dress-parade. I will here also state that I noticed with much pleasure the adjutant of the First Regiment, John [N.] Edwards, who was actively engaged in watching the movements of the enemy upon every corner, and with his regiment aiding and cheering them on to victory or death. Also my young orderly, Jimmy Clark, behaved admirably; his fair, boyish face lit up with the halo of battle, and his voice mingling with the rage and roar of the cannon. My aides (also Corder and [L.] Shindler) deserve special mention for their good behavior. Captain [John] Jarrett, of the Second Regiment, bore himself on this eventful day with marked bravery, capturing with his own hand Major Hubbard, of the old First Missouri (Federal) Cavalry, a man well known in that State as a daring and dashing officer. I would also speak in the most favorable terms of Major George R. Kirtley, of the First Regiment, and Lieutenant Gregg, Major Elliott, of the scouts, and, indeed, of every officer of my command.

When your final orders came to retire from the field, the theater of high and knightly deeds, I detailed Captain [J. M.] Garrett, commanding Company E, of the First Regiment, to remain with his company to bury our dead, and then marched my entire brigade southward.

The substantial fruits of the victory are 12 standards, 32 wagons, some 400 or 500 stand of arms, about 300 prisoners, besides quantities of clothing, commissary stores, quartermaster's supplies, negroes, horses, mules, and every variety and description of articles a corrupt Government can furnish to hired freebooters and cut-throats and thieves. I need not, general, speak further of my command. You were ever on the field, ever under fire, and saw for yourself the actions and behavior of my men, and whether you lead them in Arkansas, Missouri, or Mississippi, you will constantly find them worthy of your utmost confidence and respect.

I have, general, the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Missouri Cavalry Brigade.

Brigadier General J. S. MARMADUKE, Commanding Cavalry Division.

Numbers 39. Report of Colonel J. C. Monroe, Arkansas Cavalry, commanding brigade, including skirmish at Reed's Mountain.
HEADQUARTERS CARROLL'S BRIGADE,Camp near Van Buren, on Arkansas River, December 10, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with General Orders, Numbers --, I make the following report of the part taken by the forces under my command in the engagements on the 6th and 7th instant:

I had in my command about 400 effective men, of which number there

