
were 150 on picket duty the evening of the 6th and the morning of the 7th. At 3 p. m. (6th) I was ordered forward to cover the front of an infantry regiment under the command of General Parsons. After passing the regiment of infantry, I threw out a line of skirmishers on either side of the road. I then moved forward cautiously, feeling for the enemy; found him at the foot of the mountain in strong position, where I engaged him. After twenty-five minutes' heavy firing, I was forced to retire. I then ordered up my whole command, and formed them in line of battle behind the hill, out of range of the enemy's guns. I then sent two companies around to attack the enemy's right flank, and at the same time made a vigorous charge in front. The enemy held his position until we were in 10 paces of him, when he broke and fled in confusion. I would have pursued him were it not for the nature of the ground, which was so rugged that it was impossible to ride over. It was now dark, and I moved back about half a mile, leaving a strong picket on the ground.

My loss in killed and wounded was 15 - 3 killed and 12 wounded; 1 killed and 10 wounded from the regiment commanded by Major Thomson, and 2 killed and 2 wounded from the regiment commanded by Major Johnson.

During the night I was informed that the whole force, except my command, would move by way of Cove Creek road. I was ordered to remain in my present position and engage the enemy at daylight. I dismounted all the men in both regiments who had long-range guns, deployed them as skirmishers, moved forward and commenced skirmishing with the enemy just after daylight, which was kept up until cannonading was heard in the direction of Fayetteville, when the enemy retired, and I moved slowly and cautiously in the direction of Cane Hill. On arriving at Cane Hill, I found no enemy there except some sick and convalescents, who had been left behind by the enemy. These I paroled, except one Pin Indian, who could not speak English. I also found one negro who had been acting as teamster. I found in the hospital a surgeon's sack filled with lint, bandages, medicines, &amp; c., and a case of dental instruments, which I brought away. There was also at Cane Hill a few commissary and quartermaster's stores, but I could get no wagons to send them to the rear. I left Cane Hill at dark, and arrived on the battle-ground at 9 p. m., after the battle had ceased.

J. C. MONROE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 40. Report of Colonel Emmett MacDonald, Missouri Cavalry (Confederate), commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS MACDONALD'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,Van Buren, Ark., December 11, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the part my brigade took in the battle of Prairie Grove, Ark.:

On the morning of the 7th instant, I was ordered to march in column on the Cove Creek and Fayetteville road. After having proceeded on that road for 10 miles, I was ordered to take a right-hand road; that the enemy was right in my front. I at once directed my course northwesterly, and succeeded in getting between the enemy and Fayetteville. Discovering the enemy behind a rail fence and in the brush, I ordered

