
charge or quietly standing'neath the leaden hail, they all, without a single exception, evinced the most unflinching courage and intrepidity.

I would call your attention particularly to the daring chivalry of Colonels Young and Crump, and Major [G. W. C.] Bennett.

I also extend my thanks to my aide, Lieutenant John P. Bull, to the cool and gallant manner in which he carried my orders during the whole battle.

To Captain Tholt, of Colonel Young's command, and Lieutenant Gregg, commanding Quantrill's men, I return my thanks for services and gallant deeds upon the battle-field.

I would also return my thanks to all the officers and men in my brigade for obedience to all my orders, especially my acting orderlies - Estes, Yetee, Theyer, and Tate - for their coolness and bravery during the entire day; and, captain, in conclusion, allow me to say the cavalry has proven itself one of the most effective arms of the service, and this battle is another evidence that it is the soul wins battles and not arms or numbers.

Respectfully, yours,

EMMETT MACDONALD,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Captain [E. G.] WILLIAMS.

Numbers 41. Report of Lieutenant Colonel M. L. Young, MacDonald's cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS MACDONALD'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,FOURTH DIVISION, TRANS-MISSISSIPPI ARMY,

Camp on Cove Creek, Ark., December 9, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on the 7th instant I attacked the enemy's cavalry, consisting of one regiment Arkansas and one of Missouri, near Prairie Grove. I charged the enemy upon the right; Colonel Crump's Texas cavalry pierced the center. The enemy, panic-stricken, fled from the field, leaving all their baggage, commissary and quartermaster's stores behind them. A running fight was kept up for several miles, scattering guns, pistols, horses, blankets, haversacks, knapsacks, saddles, gloves, overcoats, and, in fact, everything that would make a soldier comfortable. These were all picked up by regiments who came up in my rear. Forty or fifty of the enemy were killed and a large number wounded. My regiment and Colonel Crump's captured 40 wagons with teams, about 200 prisoners, 300 stand of arms, 60 sabers, and 150 pistols. The wagons and goods were the kind our troops most needed, such as blankets, overcoats, shirts, drawers, and also a large supply of commissary stores. Colonel Shelby, with two pieces of artillery, was captured by the enemy. The colonel, with his guns, was liberated by our troops.

In the general engagement I was posted upon the extreme left. Company B, commanded by Captain [W. H.] Frazier, with one company of Colonel Crump's Texas cavalry, was sent as skirmishers upon our left, when they were fired upon by the enemy's artillery. The guns were charged and the horses killed; but the guns could not be held, as there was no infantry near to support them.

