
cavalry to open up communication with General Grant, as he specially requests, these Texans will venture still more; but it can only cause annoyance.

I am, major, your obedient servant,

W. A. GORMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 23 - 31, 1862. - Operations in the Sugar Creek Hills, Mo.

Report of Major Edward B. Eno, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Newtonia, Mo., December 31, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following condensed statement of the operations of my command during the ten days past:

On the evening of the 23rd instant, I started with 80 men for the purpose of dispersing several gangs of guerrillas known to harbor among the Sugar Creek Hills. After riding hard two nights and days, we had succeeded in finding three different camps of from 20 to 50 men each. These were broken up, 10 prisoners taken, 12 horses, with saddles, bridles, &amp; c., 2 wagons, 1 tent, marked "Sixth Kansas Volunteers," together with a quantity of blankets, kettles, pans, & c. It was impossible to completely surprise them, as there are none but rebels and rebel sympathizers living in the country, and though the immediate results of the scout were but small, I have discovered their "licks" in that section, and will find much less difficulty in exterminating them. Scouts are kept out constantly after them, with orders to show them no mercy.

On the night of the 28th instant, a party of guerrillas came to the house of Mrs. Joy, a Union lady, who has been robbed of almost everything, and carried off her negro girl. I immediately started a party, under command of Captain [B. A.] Reeder, but failed to find the perpetrators of the outrage, they having dispersed and taken to the brush. I have seized upon a slave belonging to the Mr. Adams who is in the brush and said to be one of the robbers, and have notified his family that the negro shall be held until Mrs. Joy's is returned.

Sugar Creek, Shoal Creek, Indian Creek, Center Creek, and Jones' Creek, at distances from 5 to 15 miles of the post, are full of these outlaws, but 8 of them having been shot in the last two weeks and the continual scouting after them, has made them much less daring than heretofore. It will take some little time, but I am determined to root them out, stem and branch, and, if horse-flesh and ammunition do not fail me, will do it.

The block-house and stockade are progressing rapidly, and the force engaged in the work is being daily increased, as per orders. Will send full drawings of the fort per next messenger.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. ENO,

Major, Commanding Post.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Commanding Southwest District of Missouri, Springfield, Mo.

