
DECEMBER 28, 1862. - Skirmish at Dripping Springs and capture of Van Buren, Ark.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Major General Samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. - Brigadier General James G. Blunt, U. S. Army.

Numbers 3. - Brigadier General Francis J. Herron, U. S. Army.

Numbers 4. - Major Charles Banzhaf, First Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 5. - Major General T. C. Hindman, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Army.

DECEMBER 29, 1862.

The Army of the Frontier, under Generals Blunt and Herron, moved over Boston Mountains on Saturday. Advanced without halting to Van Buren; drove the enemy across the Arkansas; killed and wounded a few; took three steamboats, camp equipments, and 100 prisoners. The march of 45 miles, with all arms of service, over the mountains and through the deep mud of the valley was a most arduous and gallant affair.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 2. Reports of Brigadier General James G. Blunt, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Van Buren, Ark., December 28, 1862.

GENERAL: The Stars and Stripes now wave in triumph over Van Buren. On learning that Hindman had been re-enforced and contemplated making another attempt to force his way to Missouri, I determined to make the attack upon him.

Leaving my transportation north of the mountains, I marched with 8,000 of my best troops and thirty pieces of artillery, from Prairie Grove at 8 o'clock yesterday morning upon this place; distance, 50 miles. At 10 o'clock this morning my advance came upon two regiments of rebel cavalry at Dripping Springs, 8 miles north of the river. Dashing upon them with 3,000 cavalry and four mountain howitzers, a brisk running fight took place, which was kept up into the town, resulting in the capture of all their transportation - 40 wagons, with six-mule teams, camp and garrison equipage, 100 prisoners, a large amount of ammunition; four steamers and the ferry-boat were also captured. The latter, in attempting to cross the river with rebel troops, was shelled from the howitzer. When in the middle of the river the boats were disabled and a number of the men killed. The remainder jumped overboard and swam to the shore. Three large steamers, heavily laden with Government supplies, had got up steam and attempted to escape down the river, but were pursued by the cavalry 5 miles and brought to by the fire of their carbines, and returned back to the levee. The enemy then brought their artillery to the opposite bank of the river and commenced

