
shelling the town, for the purpose of driving out my cavalry, but resulting in no other damage than the destruction of some buildings; my artillery, coming up soon, silenced their batteries. Quite a number of the enemy have been killed during the day's operations. The only casualties on our side are 5 or 6 men slightly wounded. My long-range guns are now shelling the rebel camp across the river, 5 miles below this place. If the enemy does not retire during the night, I shall endeavor to cross my troops over the river in the morning and offer them battle.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Van Buren, Ark., December 30, 1862.

The enemy retreated during the night of the 28th in the direction of Arkadelphia. About 600 sick and wounded Confederates were abandoned at Fort Smith, with instructions to take care of themselves. I sent a small force to Fort Smith to destroy two steamers there, but the rebels had saved us the trouble by burning them before they retreated. The four steamers captured at Van Buren, also the ferry-boat, were burned by my order. Last night as much of the sugar and other supplies as I had transportation to remove were landed. The remainder, including about 13,000 bushels of corn, shipped from Little Rock for the rebel army, shared the fate of the boats. As it is impossible to sustain an army here, for the want of forage and supplies, until they can be brought up the river, or the animals subsist upon grass, I shall therefore commence moving my troops back to-day north of the mountains.

Dispatch just received from Colonel [W. A.] Phillips, whom I had sent with 1,200 men to the Indian Territory, dated Fort Gibson, the 27th, informs me that he has driven and pursued the forces of Cooper and Stand Watie across the Arkansas River, and destroyed the rebel fortifications, barracks, and commissary buildings at Fort Davis. Colonel McIntosh and the rebel Creeks are desirous of laying down their arms and unite their destinies again with the Federal Government. The same feeling also manifested by the Choctaws.

Respectfully,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major T. J. WEED, Asst. Adjt. General, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.

Numbers 3. Reports of Brigadier General Francis J. Herron, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. 2nd AND 3rd DIVS., ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Van Buren, Ark., December 29, 1862.

We have bearded the tricky rebel, General Hindman, in his den. Yesterday morning we left north side of mountains, General Blunt taking Cove Creek road and I taking Telegraph road. It was a terrible trip. We formed junction at daylight this morning, and pushed the cavalry into Van Buren without halting. Two regiments of cavalry were encamped at Dripping Springs and showed fight, but after killing a few and wounding some, they left, crossing the river on two boats at the

