
the Arkansas River. The pursuit was attended with numerous skirmishes, always favorable to our troops, and resulted in a loss to the enemy of more than half his force, two pieces of artillery (all he had), all his ammunition, baggage, and plunder.

Quantrill, Jackson, and other guerrilla leaders, who have been the curse of Missouri and Kansas during the past two years, were driven out with Shelby, or about the same time, leaving behind them a state of peace and security to which the people have long been strangers.

I respectfully refer to accompanying reports for details of these operations.* They exhibit a degree of energy and endurance on the part of our troops worthy of all commendation.

Military operations in the Territories of Nebraska and Colorado have not been of special importance. The Indians in those Territories, although occasionally manifesting a hostile disposition, have thus far remained quite, and the troops on the frontier have proven apply sufficient to protect the people and important public interests. Several of the tribes have recently manifested and unusual hostile feeling, and have given evidence of a combination for war upon the white settlers. Timely measures have been instituted to prevent actual hostilities, if possible, and to meet them with an adequate force, if necessary.

Of the numerous skirmishes and engagements within the last five months, twenty-eight have been reported, showing a loss on our side of 159 killed, 311 wounded, and 200 prisoners; and on that of the enemy 643 killed, 697 wounded, and 856 prisoners. To the enemy's loss must also be added the large number of desertions, consequent upon his defeat.

Measures have been taken to secure prompt and accurate reports hereafter of all engagements and skirmishes, and in future reports details will be given more explicitly. The total effective force now in the department is about 36,800 men, including troops returned to me by General Grant, re-enforcements received from Major-General Pope's department, and new organizations of white and colored troops recruited since the 31st of May. It does not exceed that of the 24th of May, when the honor of the command was conferred upon me. Yet it has repossessed, and now securely holds, over 60,000 square miles more of territory.

I have not deemed it necessary in this report to refer to matters not of a purely military character. They perplexing subjects, of a semi-political character, which are inseparably connected with this command, have been the subject of correspondence from time to time with the General-in-Chief and the War Department, and the Government is fully informed of all that has transpired.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, June 25, 1863.

Brigadier-General DAVIDSON, Commanding First Cav. Div., Arcadia:

GENERAL: I desire you to carry out the plan of operations discussed by us during our interview at your headquarters on the 23 instant, with as little delay as practicable.

---------------

*See September 22-October 26, Shelby's raid in Arkansas and

Missouri, p. 621.

---------------

2 R - VOL XXII, PT I

