
which I had transportation. My whole force did not exceed 4,000. That of the enemy in and near Van Buren was not less than 7,000. His cavalry, moving on both my flanks, might soon get entirely in my rear. I therefore determined to retire all my command southward, and cross the river near Clarksville, unite with Fagan, and there take position. This intention was carried out without any occurrence that need be reported.

I forward herewith the reports of my staff officers,* showing the losses of public property at Van Buren and Fort Smith. All is reported as lost which was not actually brought away by them, though a considerable quantity of these stores has since been recovered.

The report of Lieutenant-Colonel Crump and his officers commanding pickets, scouts, &amp; c., is forwarded also.*

I likewise forward herewith Brigadier-General Marmaduke's report of his expedition into Missouri, under the order telegraphed him by me on December 28.

Respectfully,

T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 28, 1862 - Evacuation of New Madrid, Moo.

REPORTS.+

Numbers 1. - Colonel John Scott, Thirty-second, Iowa Infantry, with communications from Brigadier General Thomas A. Davies, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. - Extract from proceedings of a Special Commission, and letter from Colonel John Scott, Thirty-second Iowa Infantry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Colonel John Scott, Thirty-second Iowa Infantry, with communications from Brigadier General Thomas A. Davies, U. S. Army.

FORT PILLOW, January 1, 1863.

GENERAL: On the 27th ultimo, I received orders to destroy public property and remove the detachment to Fort Pillow. On the 28th this was accomplished. I was much disappointed, and feared you would be also; but the order was peremptory from General Davies, and General Fisk informed me that General Davies had authority from you.

The detachment is now here. As far as I can see, we are of no use here. There is no artillery here, and the works are much extended. With a few pieces the place might be held against a large force. As it is, an attack from a largely superior force would be fatal. I know, of course, nothing of the policy that sent me here in such haste. I do know, how

---------------

* Not found.

+ See also in "Correspondence, etc.," Part II, Curtis to Davies and Halleck, December 29, 1862; to Halleck, December 31, 1862, and January 3 and February 11, 1863, and Carr to Curtis, January 3, 1863. The post was reoccupied on or before December 313, 1862.

---------------

