
tained its ground for more than an hour against overwhelming numbers of the enemy's whole infantry, assisted by three pieces of artillery. The two guns from Fort Numbers 4 played upon the enemy during the latter part of the time with considerable effect.

Colonel Sheppard was compelled to fall back in the direction of Fort Numbers 1, taking advantage of the scattered houses to continue the fight as they retired. After falling back some 300 yards, they were rallied, and made a spirited charge upon the enemy, driving them back south of the Fayetteville road, being assisted on their left by a detachment of Iowa troops, under Colonel B. Crabb.

The enemy succeeded in gaining possession of the college building, a strong position, enabling their sharpshooters to check our farther advance until night closed the contest.

Late in the day, Major A. C. Graves, of my staff, brigade commissary, who was acting as aide-de-camp, was mortally wounded, shot by a musket ball in left breast; Lieutenant D. J. McCrosky, Company A, Seventy-second Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, killed; Major John Hornbeak wounded in arm; Lieutenant W. F. Lane, Company E, Seventy-second Regiment, leg broken; Sergeants Burling and Campbell killed, and Sergeant Rainey mortally wounded.

Annexed in hand is a statement of killed, wounded, and missing of my command.*

I take pleasure in reporting the valuable aid afforded me by members of my staff on the field, Majors Sheppard, Bishop, Graves, and Clarke; also volunteer aide, Lieutenant Matthews, of Eighth Missouri Cavalry Volunteers.

I am proud to report the bravery of my command, being raw troops, who have been greatly maligned by enemies of the Union and some politicians of the State, and can assure the Commander-in-Chief of their readiness to defend the Constitution and support the Government of the United States and this State, not only with words, but by the sacrifice of their lives, as they have so abundantly proved by their conduct on the now still more memorable day - the 8th of January.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. B. HOLLAND,

Brigadier General, Commanding Fourth Dist., Enrolled Missouri Militia.

Colonel WILLIAM D. WOOD,

Acting Adjutant-General, Missouri.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel Benjamin Crabb, Nineteenth Iowa Infantry, of engagement at Springfield, Mo.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHWESTERN DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., January 10, 1863.

GENERAL: Owing to the illness of General Brown, and by his request, I have the honor to submit the following report of an engagement at this place, on the 8th instant, between the Federal forces, commanded by Brigadier-General Brown, and a rebel force, under the command of General Marmaduke:

On Wednesday, the 7th instant, about 3 p. m., General Brown received the first information that the enemy, estimated from 4,000 to 6,000 strong, had forced our troops to abandon Lawrence's Mill; that

---------------

* See revised statement, p. 181.

---------------

