
artillery and infantry, and fearful they would be cut to pieces, they were ordered to retire under protection of the fort, which order was executed promptly and in good order, bringing with them their wounded. The enemy threw forward a regiment of cavalry on our left, which was promptly checked by the Second Battalion Fourteenth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Pound. Meantime the enemy were busy with their artillery throwing shot and shell at the fort and into the houses occupied by our troops. Our artillery, before mentioned, under command of Lieutenant Hoffman, and one field piece, under command of Captain Landis, Eighteenth Iowa Infantry, were driving back the enemy's center; but the firing from the guns inside the fort, though well aimed, was not sufficiently rapid, owing to their being manned by volunteers, with only 5 artillery soldiers at the three pieces.

The enemy about 2 p. m. massed their forces and advanced on our center and right. Captain [J. A.] Landis, with his piece of artillery, was ordered to advance to the front and right of the fort, which order he promptly executed. He was supported by parts of three companies of the Eighteenth Iowa, under their respective commanders, Captains [W. R.] Blue, [J.] Van Meter, and [W.] Stonaker. This piece of artillery, owing to some mistake in the delivery of the order, was placed in a very exposed position. The enemy, perceiving this, made a desperate charge upon it with overwhelming numbers, killing the horses and driving back the support; captured it after a hard and bloody contest. Captains Blue and Van Meter fell, mortally wounded, and Captain Landis and many of their brave comrades fell, severely wounded, while some were killed.

It was now between 2 and 3 p. m. The enemy had captured one piece of artillery; at the same time had taken possession of an unfinished stockade fort that had been used as a prison, and were pressing hard on our center and right. The "Quinine Brigade," which was placed under my command, and which up to this time was stationed in various brick buildings in and around the center of town, was ordered to move to the front and attack the enemy. I had the honor to lead them in person, assisted by Lieutenants [R.] Root, of the Nineteenth Iowa; [S. A.] Wilson, Eighteenth Iowa, and [W. F.] Bodenhammer, Twenty-fourth Missouri Volunteers.

We advanced to the front and west of the fort, and took a position behind a fence and about 50 to 75 yards from the rebels, who were likewise posted behind fences and in and around a house to our front. After fighting for nearly one hour, the enemy gave way and fled precipitately from this part of the field.

In the mean time they were making strong efforts to turn our right, and, after being driven from our center, threw their main force forward for that purpose, when they were met by the Seventy-second Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, under the command of Colonel Sheppard; the "Quinine Brigade," under the command of Lieutenants Root, Wilson, and Bodenhammer and Captain [C. B.] McAfee, who repulsed them. There were also engaged at this time the Third and Fourth Missouri State Militia, and five companies of the Eighteenth Iowa, two of which had recently come to our support, under the command of Captain [W. H.] Evans. The enemy had gained possession of several houses, and were pouring into our ranks volley after volley of musketry while they were endeavoring to dislodge them. The cause became desperate; the enemy were pressing hard upon our brave men, and they were yielding before the overwhelming numbers brought against them, when General Brown and staff rode forward to

