
three pieces of artillery, who came with the full expectation of an easy conquest. They had invited their friends in the country to come and bring their wagons, promising them all the booty they could carry; but, thanks to a kind Providence, brave hearts, and strong arms, they were most signally defeated in their designs of plunder.

The Seventy-second Regiment, Enrolled Missouri Militia, under the command of Colonel Henry Sheppard, fought well and faithfully during the entire contest. Companies A, C, F, G, and H, of the Eighteenth Iowa, numbering 156 men, fought as Iowa boys know how to fight. Their heavy loss and bloody record is proof of their valor. The "Quinine Brigade," made up of men from Iowa, Illinois, Wisconsin, and other States, fought like heroes, Spartans, and veterans, as their respective commanders report. All the troops, with but few exceptions, did their duty.

I cannot forbear to say that to the vigilance of General Brown, his promptness in preparing to meet the enemy, and to his coolness, courage, and personal supervision of the troops in battle, while under his command, we are in a great measure indebted for our success. He has by his conduct endeared himself to those under his command.

Lieutenant Richard Root, Company K, Nineteenth Iowa, who arrived during the fight; Lieutenant S. A. Wilson, Company I, Eighteenth Iowa; Captain McAfee and Lieutenant Bodenhammer, who were in command of the "Quinine Brigade;" Captain W. H. Evans, of Company F, Eighteenth Iowa; Dr. Whitney, of the Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, who took a gun and fought, and the Rev. Mr. Wynes, post chaplain, who, in the face of the enemy, assisted in removing the wounded from the battle-field, deserve great praise for their gallant conduct during the engagement.

I am under many obligations to Major Steger and Lieutenants Campion and Blodgett, members of General Brown's staff, for the efficient service they rendered me. There are many other officers and men deserving of honorable mention.

We lost 14 killed, 144 wounded, and 4 missing, making a total of killed, wounded, and missing of 162.* The enemy's loss cannot be definitely ascertained. Their own estimates of their losses range from 200 to 300 killed and wounded. Among their slain is a major.

We captured several prisoners, and among them are 2 commissioned officers. We buried a part of their dead, and have some 60 to 80 of their wounded to take care of.

I send herewith attached a detailed report of the killed, &amp; c.

I have the honor to remain, your most obedient servant,

B. CRABB,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.

Numbers 5. Reports of Brigadier General Fitz Henry Warren, U. S. Army, of engagement of Hartville, Mo.
HEADQUARTERS,Houston, Mo., January 12, 1863 - 5 a. m.

My force of 1,000 men attacked Marmaduke's column, 1,500 strong, 7 miles west of Hartville, toward Springfield (2 a. m., January 11) The

---------------

* But see revised statement, p. 181.

---------------

