
mend him to your attention and that of Governor Gamble, for one of the vacant field commissions in his regiment, which he has so nobly earned. I should be unjust did I omit to name Captain [J. A.] Lennon, of the same regiment, who, at the head of his company, held a most exposed post, and had several narrow escapes from sharpshooters concealed in the brush. But the artillery saved the battle. Lieutenant [W.] Waldschmidt's gunnery was superb and his coolness astonishing. The enemy's Parrott gun got his range, and fired with great precision, compelling him to change the position of his pieces constantly.

A courier reached Houston, giving me the information of the engagement at 3 o'clock Monday morning. I at once moved with 500 men to Hartville, supposing the enemy still in force. Arriving within 7 miles at 4 p. m., my reconnoitering parties brought me intelligence that they were retreating in the direction of Houston. Sending back a courier with orders to Lieutenant-Colonel Caldwell, in command, to hold the place until I could re-enforce him, I countermarched in all haste, through mud and rain, and reached Houston that evening, finding all quiet.

Colonel Merrill's force rejoined me Thursday, and I am now once more concentrated.

Hoping that our conduct will meet the approbation of the general commanding, I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FITZ HENRY WARREN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel N. P. CHIPMAN,

Chief of Staff, Saint Louis, Mo.

[Inclosure.]

Return of Casualties in the engagement at Hartville, Mo., January 11, 1863.

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Paroled.

99th Illinois	 1	 29	 ...

3rd Iowa Cavalry	 ...	 ...	 4

21st Iowa	 3	 18	 1

3rd Missouri	 3	 14	 ...

Cavalry

2nd Missouri	 ...	 3	 ...

Artillery,

Battery L

Total	 7	 64	 5

Continuation:

Command.	 Missing.	 Total.

99th Illinois	 1	 31

3rd Iowa Cavalry	 1	 5

21st Iowa	 ...	 22

3rd Missouri	 ...	 17

Cavalry

2nd Missouri	 ...	 3

Artillery,

Battery L

Total	 2	 78

OFFICERS KILLED. - Ninety-ninth Illinois; Lieutenant Thomas A. Hubbard, died of wounds. Third Missouri Cavalry: Captain George D. Bradway.

Numbers 6. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Cornelius W. Dunlap, Twenty-first Iowa Infantry, of engagement at Hartville, Mo.

LEBANON, MO., January 22, 1863.

GENERAL: In obedience to your order of to-day, I send you a full report of the battle of Hartville, on the 11th instant:

With 800 men and two pieces of artillery, under Colonel Merrill, we left Houston Friday noon to re-enforce Springfield.

Sunday morning about 4 o'clock we encountered the rebel army, under General Marmaduke, 9 miles beyond Hartville, on the Springfield road.

