
retreat, and their rear guard followed, leaving us in full possession of the field. Paroled prisoners report that Marmaduke did not halt a moment from this time until noon of the next day, and then only for a few moments.

My men all acted finely, and were cool and active when they learned that they were left alone in front of a rebel horde of 5,000 men. I remained on the field about three-quarters of an hour, and gathered up what things we could. It was a cold night, and my men had been forty hours with but a few moments' sleep and nothing to eat. Our rations, blankets, and overcoats were with the train, and I sent in pursuit of it, supposing we should find it a few miles from the place. My horse was shot in the early part of the fight, and no horse was left with us by which I could send out a messenger to ascertain the whereabouts of the train.

I found our train and the forces next morning encamped on the Lebanon road. The colonel commanding having gone on with most of the cavalry the night before, I took command of the brigade, and put it in motion for Lebanon, the nearest point then to us.

The rebels sent in a flag of truce the next morning, with a party to take care of their wounded and bury their dead, the number of which I think will amount to 200 killed, among whom are Colonel Emmett MacDonald, Colonel Porter, and other important officers, and about 300 wounded.

The number of our killed and wounded is comparatively small, owing to our sheltered position and the height of the enemy's fire.

Our troops all behaved nobly, and did fine execution while they were left on the field, and were surprised at being withdrawn.

The battle of Hartville began about 10.45 a. m. and lasted until nearly sundown. The firing was continuous and rapid on both sides during the whole time. The last half of the battle was fought by the Twenty-first Iowa alone, and resulted in a signal victory to our arms and in driving Marmaduke with thinned ranks back into Arkansas.

Having with pleasure obeyed your orders to report the particulars of this battle, I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. DUNLAP,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twenty-first Iowa Volunteers.

Major-General CURTIS.

Numbers 7. Report of Captain Milton Burch, Fourteenth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, of skirmish at Fort Lawrence, Beaver Station, Mo.

SPRINGFIELD, January 16, 1863.

COLONEL: I submit for your investigation my report of a scout, of which I had the honor, by permission from General Brown, to command. The object of the scout was to destroy a powder-mill situated on Crooked Creek, Carroll County, Arkansas; likewise to break up some parties of guerrillas that were organizing in the vicinity of the powder-mill.

I started from Ozark on the morning of the 4th of January with 100 men, belonging to the Second Battalion Fourteenth Regiment Missouri State Militia, for Dubuque, Marion County, Arkansas, by the way of the Beaver Station, Lawrence's Mill, expecting to get some re-enforcements there. I proceeded with my command within 4 miles of the post, to rest my horses and feed. I then proceeded to the station, after resting

13 R - VOL XXII, PT I

