
and feeding, and requested co-operation of the Enrolled Missouri Militia, through Major [William] Turner, to which he was willing to comply, but, owing to their provisions not coming in, they could not start with me; but the major promised to send all the men he could spare, under the command of Captain Green, after me to catch up with me that night (4th of January), to a point on Big Creek, 6 miles from Dubuque, known as the Widow Fisher's, to which place I proceeded. I there captured 2 rebel prisoners, who gave me information that a rebel force, 6,000 strong, under the command of General Marmaduke, had left Dubuque that morning en route for this place. I immediately dispatched a messenger back to the Beaver Station, with instructions for Major Turner to dispatch forthwith to Ozark. I then started with my command back to the Beaver Station, expecting to meet Captain Green with a re-enforcement of Enrolled Missouri Militia from the Beaver Station, but did not. As my guide was not very well acquainted with the country and the roads, I took the main road leading from the Beaver Station, and, Captain Green being well acquainted with the country, took a near road and missed me. I arrived at the Beaver Station about 4 o'clock on the morning of the 6th. I then asked the major if he was in a condition to fall back; he replied that he had no transportation. I then ordered scouts out on different roads to give intimation of the enemy's approach. I dismounted my men for the purpose of resting, as we had not been out of our saddles for twelve hours, and accomplished a march of 60 miles. I then went to take a little rest, and see that the boys had everything in readiness for moving to Ozark, as I was fearful the enemy would reach there before me. I therefore ordered my men into the saddle again, it being now daylight, and we started for Ozark. We had not proceeded far before the enemy's infantry opened upon the picket guard southeast of the station. I then ordered a halt, with the intention of gaining and occupying the block-house; but before we could make the point the enemy was in possession of the block-house and all the ground around the block-house. I then ordered my men to move by the head of column to the right, under a smart fire from the rebels. There was also a detached force of the enemy coming up Big Beaver with the intention of cutting off our retreat. I started for Ozark, leaving the main road and taking a right-hand road. Hearing that a portion of the enemy had gone up Little Beaver with the intention of cutting us off from Ozark, I traveled slowly, using precaution against surprise, and arrived at Ozark about 10 o'clock of the night of the 6th. I then ordered all the baggage to be conveyed across the river on the road to Springfield, which was promptly complied with, and waited for further orders, which orders I received for us to fall back to Springfield.

Respectfully, your most obedient servant,

MILTON BURCH,

Captain, Commanding Company H, 14th Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

Colonel CRABB.

Numbers 8. Report of Brigadier General John S. Marmaduke, C. S. Army, commanding expedition.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., FIRST CORPS, TRANS-MISS. DEPT.,Batesville, Ark., January 18, 1863.

COLONEL: In obedience to instructions from Major-General Hindman, I marched from Lewisburg, Ark., December 31, 1862, via Yellville, Ark.,

