
to strike the enemy in rear or flank, with 1,600 men, under Shelby, and 270 men, under MacDonald. Before marching, I telegraphed to Lieutenant-General Holmes if it would not be best to move up the troops under Colonel White, to co-operate in the movement; to which he consented, and the order was given. Colonel [J. C.] Porter, with 600 men, moved forward to this purpose.

En route, in the Boston Mountains, Shelby attacked 60 tories and deserters; killed 12 and captured 27. MacDonald surprised and captured and burned Fort Lawrence, on Beaver Creek, Mo. Of its garrison, killed 10, captured 17, and routed the rest - about 250; captured 200 horses, 300 stand of arms, 10 wagons, and a quantity of quartermaster and commissary stores. Shelby captured and burned the fort at Ozark. The garrison fled. With Shelby and MacDonald, I attacked Springfield, Mo., and, after eight hours' hard fighting, driving the Yankees before me and into their strongholds, I captured one piece of artillery (6-pounder), a stockade fort, a large part of the town, which the Yankees burned as they retired. At dark the fighting ceased; the greater part of the town, the fort, and many of the dead and wounded Federals in my possession. The Federal force there was 4,200. My loss was 20 killed and 80 wounded. Yankee loss much greater. I did not deem it best to renew the attack, and the next day marched toward Rolla. The Federals scattered and fled before me. I burned the forts at Sand Spring and Marshfield. After passing Marshfield, I formed a junction with Porter, who had burned the forts at Hartville and Hazlewood. All the forts burned were well-built works, generally large block-houses, with stockade and good earthworks around; so strong that 100 brave men, well armed, could defy 1,000 infantry or cavalry. After joining Porter, I marched southeasterly, making my way toward Arkansas. At Hartville I met, fought, and drove in the direction of Lebanon 1,500 infantry and 500 cavalry, under General Merrill. The battle was desperate. My loss was 15 killed and 70 wounded. Of the former, was the brave MacDonald, Lieutenant-Colonel Wimer, Major Kirtley, and other brave officers and men. The Federal loss was also heavy. The enemy sent in a flag to bury their dead. At this place I captured a caisson with ammunition, a number of small-arms, and about 150 great-coats, which the Yankees left as they ran off.

I continued my march, and reached here to-day. Will to-morrow morning commence crossing White River at this place and 12 miles below. Both men and horses are worn out, and need rest. A detailed report of the expedition I will forward at the earliest moment.

Respectfully, &amp; c.

J. A. MARMADUKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel R. C. NEWTON.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Camp near Batesville, Ark., February 1, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the expedition under my command into Missouri, made in obedience to General Hindman's order to move, if possible, rapidly, and strike the enemy in rear or flank, in order to withdraw the heavy masses (infantry, cavalry, and artillery), under Blunt, then moving toward the Arkansas River, back into Missouri:

Immediately upon the receipt by telegraph of the order, I proceeded

