
mounted, on Shelby's left. When the struggle began, horse by horse, the advance of the whole line was steady and determined. MacDonald, with his brave little command, made a desperate and successful charge upon the enemy's right. Just then Shelby, seizing the opportune moment, vigorously supported MacDonald (sorely pressed), and the entire line, with a wild shout, rushed to the terrible charge at the double-quick, driving before them the frightened foe, who fled, abandoning all stores, stockade, fort, and a piece of artillery. This gallant charge was not, however, without the said loss of a number of brave men. During the day's engagement, as the enemy retired, they burned much of Springfield. Night closed upon the combatants, and stopped the carnage.

During the night of the 8th, Major R. H. Smith, division quartermaster, a gallant officer, volunteered to take a few picked men and bear orders to Porter to re-enforce me. He was unable to find him.

On the morning of the 9th, I deemed it best not to renew the attack, for the reason that the enemy had been re-enforced; that my troops, from forced marches, sleepless nights, and the hard-fought battle of the 8th, were not in condition for another desperate struggle. I addressed a letter, under flag of truce, to General Brown, commanding at Springfield, stating that my wounded were left in charge of competent surgeons and attendants, and asking from him a proper treatment to all. A little after sunrise the column moved eastward on the Rolla road. Shelby camped at Sand Spring, a fortified post, which he burned; MacDonald at Marshfield, a fortified town; the forts and stores he destroyed. The Federals (militia) fled from both places toward Rolla.

January 10, a junction was made with Porter near Marshfield, who had captured the militia (some 50) and destroyed the forts at Hartville, and had also burned the fortifications at Hazlewood.

On the night of the 10th, the column was put in motion toward Hartville. A little before daylight the advance encountered a Federal force coming from Austin, via Hartville, to Springfield, and hearing that a strong cavalry force was in my rear, I deemed it best not to put myself in battle between the two forces, but to turn the force in my front and fight them, after I had secured, in case of defeat, a safe line of retreat. This I did, by making a detour 7 miles, and fought the enemy (2,500 Iowa, Illinois, Michigan, and Missouri troops) at Hartville.

The Federal position at Hartville was a very strong one, and the battle hotly contested for several hours, till the enemy gave way and retreated rapidly and in disorder, leaving the dead and wounded, many arms, ammunition, and clothing on the field and in my possession.

I have established a hospital, leaving surgeons and attendants sufficient to take care of the dead and wounded, Confederate and Federal. Here fell the chivalrous MacDonald, Lieutenant-Colonel Wimer, and Major Kirtley (noble men and gallant officers), and other officers and men equally brave and true. Here, too, was seriously wounded Colonel J. C. Porter, a brave and skillful officer. He was shot from his horse at the head of his troops.

After the battle of Hartville, my division marched toward Batesville. The march was a long and most trying one, over rough, rock roads, through rain and snow and icy mountain streams, and a country laid waste by the Federals, furnishing neither food for man nor horse. The command reached Batesville January 25, and commenced crossing (by ferry) White River. The camp was established on the south bank of the river.

The expedition was an extremely hazardous and trying one. On leaving Lewisburg and Pocahontas, the men were indifferently armed

