
and equipped, thinly clad, many without shoes and horses, marched without baggage wagons or cooking utensils, carrying all they had on their horses, and subsisting as best they could on the country through which they marched. The horses were worn by continued and active service of many months; were, for the most part, unshod, very poor, and unfit for any service. At least 200 of the command abandoned their horses on the roadside to die, and waded many a weary mile through the snow and deep mud, some barefooted, yet they encountered every danger willingly and endured all fatigues cheerfully. On the battle-field, in the camp, on the march by day and night, they proved themselves worthy of the great cause for which we are fighting.

For a more detailed account of the conduct of the several corps and regiments, and, more especially, of the brave officers and men so honorably mentioned, to whom I beg to call your favorable consideration, I refer you to the reports of Colonels Shelby and Porter and Major Bennett, submitted herewith.

Lieutenant [R. A.] Collins, and the officers and men under him, and a part of Bledsoe's battery rendered distinguished services both at Springfield and Hartville. Lieutenant Collins deserves promotion and a battery of his own. I hope he may get it speedily. I have, on other occasions, had the pleasure to speak of the skill, vigor, and bravery of Colonel Jo. Shelby. I can only say that his conduct on this expedition, on and off the battle-field, fully sustained his splendid reputation, and merits for him speedy promotion, which I earnestly recommend. I beg, also, to call to the favorable notice of the general Colonel J. C. Porter, commanding brigade, Major Bennett, commanding MacDonald's battalion, and the following officers of my staff who were with me during this expedition, and who bravely did their whole duty, to wit: Captain Henry Ewing, acting adjutant and inspector general; Major R. H. Smith, quartermaster; Colonel A. W. Slayback, ordnance officer; Captain Thomas W. Newton, aide-de-camp, and Major Charles C. Rainwater, acting division commissary of subsistence.

My loss was 33 killed, 203 wounded, and 29 missing. The loss of the Federals was about 300 prisoners captured (paroled), and a very heavy loss in killed and wounded at Springfield and Hartville. A detailed report of my killed, wounded, and missing is sent herewith.

In conclusion, I think I may safely state that the object of the expedition was fully accomplished, and more. Blunt's Army of the Frontier countermarched rapidly to save Springfield; a long chain of forts, strong in themselves, built at great expense and labor, which overawed and kept in subjection the country, were razed to the ground, and the heart of the people revived again at the presence of Confederate troops.

Very respectfully,

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel R. C. NEWTON, Chief of Staff, First Corps, Trans-Miss. Dept.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Little Rock, Ark., February 8, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

This expedition was gotten up by General Hindman to divert the enemy from their attack on Van Buren, and to force them to retire from the valley of the Arkansas. It was perfectly successful, and made them fall back into Missouri. General Marmaduke's conduct and man

