
Burkholder, Jarrett, and Webb, of the Second, are wounded. Captain Garrett, First Sergt. William Buckley, and Private C. [B.] Bullard, of Company G, all of the First Regiment, and all lion-hearted, are badly wounded, and more are falling. Gordon's ensign is shot down, but Lieutenant Corder, of Company C, catches the fallen beacon, and the banner of the bars waves again high over the lurid light of the fight. Collin's battery is busy with its work of death, and his men stand nobly to their posts. But the conflict wanes, and Federals are retreating. I drew off my brigade, mounted them, and left Gordon's regiment to bring up the rear. No pursuit was attempted, for the condition of horses and men forbade it, and prudence demanded we should fall back nearer to our base, which began on the night of the 11th and continued until the evening of the 20th, suffering from cold, hunger, fatigue, rain, snow, and all the ills our exposed condition presented. The trip, general, will be a memorable one. The enemy thought that your division, broken down and demoralized, was hibernating on the banks of the Arkansas, and could do nothing. What will be their surprise to learn that this same division, after marching 300 miles on unshod and miserable horses, hurled itself upon their Gibraltar of the Southwest, terrified them into burning commissary and quartermaster's stores, caused them to evacuate forts, which were burned, frightened Rolla into hysterics, gave the militia of the surrounding country the nightmare for months to come, and woke a thrill in Southern hearts that will prove seed for the harvest. During the march from Hartville to Batesville, the men suffered much, and some in my brigade are badly frozen, yet the cause demanded the sacrifice, and it was made.

I cannot close this report without calling your attention to the brave and gallant manner in which Lieutenant Collins handled his battery, assisted by Lieutenant [Jacob D.] Connor and Sergeants [F. L.] Wayman and [Joseph] Cooper. They deserve a separate battery. Lieutenant-Colonels Gordon and Gilkey, Colonel Thompson, Majors Smith and Shanks, Adjutants [Eli] Hodge, Edwards, and [George M.] Winship did their duty well and nobly, and can greeted as "Well done, good and faithful servants."

Captain Crocker, of Company K, First Regiment, fell at Hartville badly wounded, and my brigade is thereby deprived of as gallant, as heroic a spirit as ever drew sword for the battles of the right. The officers and men of my command, with but few exceptions, answered all my expectations, and will do to rely upon when "Greek meets Greek." I am also indebted to the valuable assistance of my adjutant, Captain W. J. McArthur, who,always cool and collected, moved the various regiments without the slightest mistake. In closing my report of this adventurous foray, you will pardon the pride I manifest in speaking of the heroic examples and conduct of many of my men and officers. Captain Dupuy, of the Second Regiment, brave, and tender of heart as a woman, fell badly wounded, and has lost a leg. The chivalrous Captain [Washington] McDaniel, of Major Elliott's scouts, in that grim charge of Hartville, fell, with a bullet through his dauntless breast, just as the Federals retreated and a few faint notes of victory came pealing on the air. Lieutenant Royster, of the First Regiment, and Captains [H. D.] Stengle and D. A. Williams, of the Second Regiment, showed a bravery and heroism worthy of all praise, and poor Royster was left behind badly wounded. Thomas Smart, private, also of same regiment, who was killed, left behind a name bright as the hills that girt the shores of paradise. In the First Regiment, Privates Bushrod Corder, Christopher Moorman, Harvey Plattenburg, James Gordon, and many others

