
particularly distinguished themselves. Major George R. Kirtley and Captain James M. Garrett, of the First, have left behind them immortal names-names that are too bright to die. My owing orderly, Jimmy Chark, displayed a venturesome courage and bravery worthy of the most favorable notice, and was always where I needed him, in his place. My volunteer aide, Captain Waters, was of great assistance, always brave, cool, collected, and daring; wherever the fire was heaviest thee he was, and never flinched. My quartermaster and commissary, Majors [G. D.] Page and [John B.] Dale, were always with me, rendering valuable assistance by their great coolness and attention. To those ladies of Little Rock who so kindly remembered my brigade, their thanks are especially due, and under the folds of their starry banners many a noble heart was fired and many a proud step fell quicker when their silken folds caught each warrior's eye.

Yours, respectfully,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Brigadier-General MARMADUKE,

Commanding Cavalry Division.

Numbers 11. Report of Colonel J. C. Porter, Missouri Cavalry (Confederate), commanding brigade.
HDQRS. PORTER'S Brigadier, MISSOURI CAV., C. S. ARMY,Camp Allen, February 3, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to your order, I, on the 2nd day of January, 1863, detached from my command (then encamped at Pocahontas, Randolph County, Arkansas) the effective men of my command, numbering in the aggregate 825 men, and proceeded westward with said detachment through the counties of Lawrence and Fulton, in the State of Arkansas. Arriving at or near the northwestern corner of Fulton County, I learned of a considerable force of Federals stationed at Houston, in Texas County, Missouri. I therefore continued my march farther to the west, going farther west than I had anticipated. Arriving at a point nearly due south of the town of Hartville, before changing my course to the north, on account of the roughness of the roads and the impossibility of having my horses shod, I was compelled to order about 125 of my men back to camp, as being unable to proceed farther, for want of shoes on their horses, leaving my detachment only 700 strong. No incident of importance occurred worthy of note up to this time, save that my men so well behaved that I was enabled to surprise all citizens along the road, and enabled me to capture some of the worst jayhawkers that infested the country.

The men of my command seemed well satisfied, and all things went well, notwithstanding the hardships all were compelled to undergo on account of shortness of provisions and clothing.

On the morning of the 9th of January, 1863, we neared the town of Hartville, Wright County, Missouri, at which point I learned that a company of the enrolled militia of Missouri were stationed. Putting

