
age to them. Captain Brown then limbered up his guns and fell back with the other command. After marching, per order, until about 1 p. m., we again neared the town of Hartville. I was then ordered to dismount my command and place Captain Brown's battery in position on the left Before having completed or carried out the last order, I received information that the enemy were in full retreat from the town of Hartville, and at the same time an order to remount my command and pursue the enemy. On arriving at the court-house with the head of my column, I found the enemy formed in the brush just above town, within 50 yards of my command. Immediately upon perceiving the enemy in position, I ordered my men to dismount; but the enemy poured upon us such a heavy volley of musketry that my command was compelled to fall back somewhat in disorder, I being at the same time wounded in leg and hand. I ordered my adjutant to report the fact to you. Having, at the same time that I ordered my command to dismount, ordered Captain Brown's battery to take position near the head of my column Captain Brown took position as ordered, he was compelled, for want of ammunition (his ammunition being carried off by his horses stampeding) and a galling fire of the enemy, to retire, leaving his pieces on the field, which were afterward brought off by a part of Colonel Greene's and Burbridge's men. Lieutenant-Colonel Wimer was shot dead whilst leading the detachment of Colonel Burbridge's regiment. Colonel Jeffers, without fear, led his men through the fight. The detachment of Colonel Greene's regiment was gallantly led by Lieutenant-Colonel [L. C.] Campbell, assisted by Major [L. A.] Campbell. I would do great injustice did I make distinction among my officers present on that occasion, all having displayed great gallantry. My men, I must say, acquitted themselves with honor, almost without exception. Our loss foots up 6 killed and 38 wounded. I would here mention that Captain [George R.] McMahan and 50 of Lieutenant-Colonel Campbell's men destroyed the block-house and stockade at Dallas, the enemy fleeing before him.

On our return march from Missouri, my men and officers displayed great energy in undergoing the fatigues and privations necessary. Arrived at Camp Sallado, January 20, 1863.

Respectfully,

JO. C. PORTER,

Colonel, Commanding Porter's Brigade.

General MARMADUKE.

Numbers 12. Report of Major General W. C. Bennett, MacDonald's Missouri Cavalry (Confederate).
HEADQUARTERS MACDONALD'S CAVALRY REGIMENT,

Camp Horton, January 29, [1863.]

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part this regiment has taken in the expedition to Missouri:

Pursuant to General Orders, No.-, this regiment took up its line of march from Lewisburg, on the 31st of December, 1862, for yellville, via Clinton, and camped on the evening of the same day on Wolfe Creek,

