
23 miles from Lewisburg. Nothing of interest transpired during this day's march.

On the next morning, January 1, we marched at daylight. Arrived at, and encamped 1 miles beyond, Clinton, 28 miles from our previous camp.

The next day's march was to an old camp-ground, within 8 miles of Burnville.

Marched 25 miles January 3. Captured H. H. Thompson, a deserter from Colonel Matlock's Arkansas regiment. Camped on Buffalo Creek, 16 miles from our former camp.

Upon the afternoon of the 4th of January, we arrived at Yellville, having marched 20 miles. Being in the land of jayhawkers, our camp guard were regularly mounted, and scouts kept out the prevent a surprise. On arriving at Yellville, Colonel MacDonald received your

General Orders, No.-, ordering him to have his command in readiness to march a sunrise on the morning of January 5, 1863, about 25 miles in the direction of Springfield, via Dubuque.

We camped, on the evening of the 5th, near Sugar Loaf, Ark., where a general court-martial was ordered and held, for the trial of Private H. H. Thompson or any other prisoners we might have in our possession. The finding of the court-martial being "not guilty," and the findings and proceedings being confirmed, by your order the prisoner was released and ordered to report back to his regiment. On the morning of the 6th, we marched toward Dubuque, and encamped on Beaver Creek, 23 miles from Sugar Loaf, at 4 p. m. You move our command at 10 o'clock in the direction of Fort Lawrence, 22 miles from our encampment, and attack the fort at night or in the morning as Colonel MacDonald thought best.

The march was attended with much suffering from cold. The men were, however, buoyed up and kept in excellent spirits in expectation of a fight on the coming morning. At daybreak on the morning of the 7th, we arrived at an eminence overlooking Major Turner's domicil, where we dismounted, and, hitching our horses, prepared to charge the enemy on foot. Slowly and quietly we crept along, until within 20 steps of the picket fires, when we were discovered by the pickets, tow of whom were killed while attempting to alarm the fort. The remaining one we captured, and, without stopping, pushed on the storm the fort. What was our surprise, on arriving in sight, to find 500 well-armed and well-equipped troops fleeing from an almost impregnable fort, before our little squad of 250 men. The fort and surrounding buildings were taken and in flames in ten minutes after the first gun was fired, destroying their commissary and quartermaster's stores and what medical stores we were unable to carry with us, of the value, I suppose, of $15,000, about 100 head of horses, and 5 wagons. The horses were, however, very inferior, nearly all worthless. Among the captures were about 300 stand of arms (Belgian rifles and Minie muskets), with 6 boxes fine cartridges. On account of having no transportation, we were compelled to bury the arms. The fort consisted of a two story log building, 12 inches thick. The logs were dovetailed, and were very closely fitted together. The second story projected over the first. The building was about 150 feet long and 40 wide, with port-holes for musketry extending around the entire building, and mortised on the inside for the purpose of turning the muskets in any direction. The other buildings, some eight or ten in number, were used for barracks. We captured also 14 prisoners, who were

