
paroled on the field. Their names I give in my summary. At 10 a. m. we moved toward Ozark, traveling some 45 miles, and camped, at 12 o'clock that night, 5 miles from Ozark. At 4 o'clock in the morning we moved on in the direction of Springfield; passed through Ozark at daylight, and arrived in front of Springfield at 10 a. m. on the morning of the 8th of January, 1863. The line of battle being formed, Colonel MacDonald received an order from you to occupy the left of Colonel Shelby's brigade, resting upon the Telegraph road, and the extreme left of the line. He was also ordered to send out lookouts and skirmishers to prevent a flank movement of the enemy,and ascertain any movement of the enemy. In a few minutes one of the lookouts discovered a considerable body of infantry formed directly in our front. He was ordered to dismount the men and dislodge them. When dismounted, he marched them through the thick underbrush as quietly as possible; but our movements were discovered, and they retired to their trenches. Colonel MacDonald was then ordered to oblique his command to the right, as he was too far to the left; and just as we emerged from the brush, Major Smith came galloping down with orders for us to move directly to the front, toward the houses; that there was considerable body of infantry behind the houses and fences. As soon as Colonel MacDonald drew the men in line, he ordered the charge, routed the enemy, and took possession of the houses. As soon as we arrived at the houses, we were charged by a body of Federal cavalry on the left. Just at this time Colonel Shelby, with his command, moved rapidly forward on my right, and, had it not been for this gallant movement of Colonel Shelby, our command would have suffered more severely then it did. We immediately opened a brisk fire upon the cavalry, and it to fence, the enemy flying before us, until we arrived at the fort, which, in connection with Colonel Shelby's command, we occupied the rest of the day. We advanced twice, occupying the houses in front of the fort; but the enemy being largely re-enforced, we found we could not hold them without an unnecessary loss of life, and we returned inside the palisades, where the hard fight continued until after dark. Though entirely successful in my attempt to drive the enemy from the houses and fences, I am sorry to record the loss of some of my best officers and men.

In my summary I give an account of the killed, wounded, and missing sustained in the engagement.

At about 8 o'clock, Colonel MacDonald was ordered to move his command and camp them upon the farm of John S. Phelps, distant 2 miles from the scene of action. The men here bivouacked for the night, and, building large fires from the fine oak fence rails of mine host Phelps, and with a plentiful supply from the richly stored larder of Mrs. Phelps, regaled themselves after the hard day's fight.

On the morning of the 9th, we moved out on and marched some 20 miles upon the Rolla road, when we left Colonel Shelby's command and took a right-hand road leading to Marshfield. Upon this day's march we captured some 6 or 8 prisoners, who were turned over the General Marmaduke; tore down the telegraph wires, and captured one tow-mules wagon, with 1,600 pounds of flour; several horses, equipments, &amp;c., which I mention in my summary. We there separated from Colonel Shelby's command, they taking the road to Sand Spring, we marching on Marshfield, distant 11 miles, here the militia were fortified. Our advance entered the town about 7 p. m., and took possession. Here we found rich stores, suitable to the wants of our men, consisting of boots, shoes,

14 R-VOLS XXII, PT I

