
me his horses were unable to proceed farther, and, learning camp was still 12 miles ahead, I thought it best to halt my command, and did so. The men were without ration for themselves and horses, and, notwithstanding the rain was falling in torrents, I did not hear a murmur from one of my command; on the contrary, they were cheerful. I again picketed the road some 5 miles in the rear. On the morning of the 14th, I again moved my command, and rejoined the main column about 11 a. m. At about 12 m. of the 14th, I again received orders to move about 9 miles and camp in the vicinity of Captain Howard's. During the night there was a heavy snow-fall, and in the excessive cold several of my men were frost-bitten. They bore it, however, heroically, not a murmur escaping the lips of a single man. On the morning of the 15, I was ordered to march in rear of Colonel Shelby and in advance of Colonel Porter, which I did, camping about 3 p. m.; marched 15 miles. That night I received orders to march in advance of the whole column, which was executed on the morning of the 16th at 3 o'clock, marching 25 miles. This was the most severe march we experienced on the whole expedition. Some 20 or 25 of my men were severely frost-bitten. That night I received verbal orders to move my command and subsist my command separately, and would receive my orders at Magness' Ferry. I moved at sunrise and marched 18 miles, and camped near Mr. Williams', 2 1/2 miles from Hookran. On the night of the 17th, I receive an order from you, dated Hookran, January 17, ordering me to march my command as rapidly as possible, and take the most energetic measures to bring forward every Confederate soldiers, all of whim was executed, marching about 20 miles, camping 4 miles from Sulphur Rock. On the morning of the 18th, we marched at sunrise, and arrived at Magness' Ferry at about 11 a. m. We immediately commenced crossing, though, with the facilities offered, it was a slow process. We completed the crossing about 10 o'clock on the morning of the 19th, and camped 1 miles from the White River, on the south side.

In conclusion, I am glad to say this regiment displayed all the courage, patience, and endurance during the march, in camp, or on field of battle which has always rendered it a command of which Napoleon himself might be proud. Where all did so nobly it is difficult and needless to particularize, and hence I shall forbear. The officers and men are now, and have been during the entire trip, in excellent spirits, ready and willing to bear all for their country, whenever and wherever called.

Respectfully submitted.

G. W. C. BENNETT,

Major, Commanding MacDonald's Missouri Regiment of Cavalry.

JANUARY 1, 1863.-Affair near Helena, Ark.

Report of Brigadier General Willis A. Gorman, U. S. Army.

HDQRS. DIST. OF EAST. ARK., Helena, Ark., January 3, 1863.

GENERAL: On January 1, the Texas Rangers, with 25 or 30 men, about sunrise made a dash upon my pickets again, where 26 men and 1 commissioned officer were on duty, and, without the least resistance or the firing of a gun, disgracefully surrendered and were taken off. They belonged to the Twenty-eighth Iowa, a new regiment, but a short time in the service. The officer must be disgracefully dismissed from the service, and I trust you will order that the men, when they return under parole,

