
JANUARY 8-10, 1863.-Scout from Elkhorn to Berryville, Ark.

Report of Colonel John F. Philips, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Elkhorn, Ark., January 10, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that night before last I sent out, under Captain [T. W.] Houts, of Company A, about 75 men in the direction of Berryville. He has just returned 6 a. m. Near Berryville he surprised and killed a gang of 10 bushwhackers. They were clothed and armed with Federal uniforms and arms, and mounted on good horses, all of which fell into our hands, except one or two horses killed in the melee. One man made his escape; wounded, however. The scout entered Berryville. No force there. All is quiet, as far as can be learned, to the east of that point.

I send dispatch from Springfield, which explains itself. Marmaduke's force is reported at 6,000. Our trains on Rolla road are in danger. I send a squad to examine telegraph lines.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JNO. F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Frontier.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS, January 9, 1863.

Brigadier-General HERRON:

GENERAL: I believe the enemy have decamped, and taken the old Saint Louis road. We whipped them yesterday. General Brown is wounded. I have sent a force to watch them.

Yours,B. CRABB,

Colonel, Commanding Forces and Post.

JANUARY 9-12, 1863.-Expedition from Huntsville to Buffalo River, Ark.

Report of Major Joseph W. Caldwell, First Iowa Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST IOWA CAVALRY,Camp at Carrollton, Ark., January 13, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with instructions received from you, I left camp at Huntsville, Ark., on the morning of the 9th instant, at 8 o'clock, with a detachment of the First Regiment Iowa Cavalry, numbering 300 officers and men, and proceeded toward Kingston, Ark., where I arrived at 2 p. m. of said day, when I received important information of the movements of the enemy, which I immediately conveyed to you by dispatch.

The guides who accompanied me not being acquainted with the region of country beyond Kingston, where your instructions required that I should go, I procured new guides at the above-named place, and

