
At about 10 o'clock on the same evening, four more of the command reported at Helena, having succeeded in evading the second ambush by taking a circuit to the right, their firing on the advance having warned them of the position of the rebels.

On this day, January 13, about 10 a. m., one more man came in, having remained secreted in the neighborhood of the fight until evening, when he succeeded in making his way to Helena, and reported that, as well as he could judge, he saw about 9 or 10 of our men taken prisoners, and supposed that the balance were either killed or wounded.

It gives me pleasure to state that the men under my charge behaved admirably.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. BRADFORD,

Lieutenant and Reg. Com. of Sub., Second Wisconsin Cav.

Colonel CYRUS BUSSEY, Commanding Post at Helena, Ark.

P. S.-Since writing the above, 5 paroled prisoners have reported to me, who state that our loss was 1 killed, 2 badly wounded, besides several slightly, making 14 who have returned. Captains Cawley and Clifford, commanding rebels, admit that they were 200 strong, and that they lost 1 lieutenant killed; also others killed and wounded, which my men corroborate.

JANUARY 13-19, 1863.-Expedition from Helena up the White River, Ark., and capture of Saint Charles, Clarendon, Devall's Bluff, and Des Arc, Ark.

Reports of Brigadier General Willis A. Gorman, U. S. Army.*
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Saint Charles, White River, January 14, 1863.

GENERAL: General McClernand's attack and capture of Post Arkansas, with about 6,000 prisoners, 13 guns, and all their stores and munitions of war, has been heretofore reported to you. I arrived at this placed last night, and found the place evacuated, they having left day before yesterday evening, carrying away, by a little steamer, two 8-inch siege guns, and six light pieces. Their train and infantry left by land at the same time. I have started the cavalry in pursuit of their train, but I think they have burned one bridge, which will prevent its capture. I have left one regiment of infantry, one battery of six guns, two companies of cavalry, and the iron-clad gunboat Cincinnati here, as a temporary garrison. I proceed at once, with the iron-clad gunboat Saint Louis and the remainder of the command, to Devall's Bluff, where I hope to overtake their little steamer with their artillery aboard, before they can

carry it off by railroad from Devall's Bluff to Little Rock. No accident has occurred, and all is going well. I expect to meet 1,500 of my cavalry at Clarendon. I shall try and communicate with our forces at Batesville, if they are there.

I am, general, respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. A. GORMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.

---------------

*For reports of Lieutenant Commander John G. Walker, U. S. Navy, commanding naval forces, see Annual Report of the Secretary of the Navy, December 7, 1863.

---------------

