
with my largest brigade, at least 3,500 strong, making a draft in all of 6,400 men on me, leaving me less than 5,000 effective infantry.

By the junction of Hawes, Hindman, McCulloch, and Holmes, at or near Little Rock, the enemy's forces will equal, if not exceed, 25,000.

General McClernand informs me that the Arkansas River is not yet safely navigable, and says that he has been ordered to Napoleon at once.

I am, general, very truly, your obedient servant,

W. A. GORMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Devall's Bluff, January 18, 1863.

GENERAL: The gunboats Romeo and Rose, with my forces, under Colonel [W. T.] Spicely, Twenty-fourth Indiana Infantry, entered Des Arc on yesterday at 4 p. m.; seized the post-office and telegraph office, and captured 70 prisoners, none escaping; several thousand bushels of Government corn, 70 small-arms and 200 rounds 6-pounder ammunition, the same captured by the enemy when they took the Blue Wing. A large number of letters from the post-office has fallen into our hands.

I find that there are tow or three companies, under Major Chrisman, at Cotton Plant, but poorly armed, and now they are cut off from all support, and I have destroyed all their ferries across White River up to Des Arc, and I may send an expedition to Batesville to hunt the Blue Wing and capture or burn her. Thus you see the expedition to Des Arc is a handsome success.

It is very annoying to find that I cannot cross the flats to Little Rock from here, and still more so to find my strongest brigade taken from me just at this time, leaving me powerless for efficient service.

I am, general, truly, yours,

W. A. GORMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Saint Charles, Ark., January 20, 1863.

GENERAL: The expedition up the White River, under my command, has proved a complete success. At Saint Charles I captured a large amount of forage, corn, &amp;c., with some prisoners. At devall's Bluff I took two 8-inch columbiads, with carriages, all in complete order; 25 prisoners, with 70 new Enfield rifles, some stores, tents, &c.; destroyed three cars, the railroad depot, tore up the railroad track, and burned two railroad bridges, one 90 and the other 200 feet in length. At Des Arc we captured 100 prisoners, several hundred rounds of fixed 6-pounder ammunition, several thousand bushels of Government corn, a large rebel mail, and destroyed their telegraph.

All the force of the enemy in this part of the State have crossed the Arkansas to Little Rock. They have driven their negroes and carried their property, supplies, and munitions south of the Arkansas, toward Arkadelphia.

