
be necessary to send more troops to Helena, I can send from here men to hold that place, and release the entire garrison to look after Price. Possibly this will be the better course to pursue.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 8.] WASHINGTON, D. C., July 27, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

The expeditionary corps in Arkansas will act under your general orders. General grant will garrison Helena with his troops, so as to render present garrison available for the field.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, Mo., August 6, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Since the assignment of Major-General Steele to the command of the force which is to operate in Arkansas from Helena, I have not thought it necessary to enter much into detail concerning the plan of operations. From his previous campaign in Arkansas, General Steele is thoroughly acquainted with the country, and is also familiar with my views and those of the General-in-Chief regarding the true theory of operations in Arkansas.

The first object to be accomplished is, of course, the destruction of the rebel army as an organized force, and hence the movements of our troops must be guided very much by those of the enemy. In reference to this matter, I take it the commander in the field must be left to his own discretion, guided by the information he may be able to obtain from day to day.

The second object is to gain possession of, and permanently hold, as much of the State as practicable. For this purpose, the natural line of operations during the season of high water is the Arkansas River, and its permanent possession and use is of the greatest importance as a means of securing Missouri and Northern Arkansas against future rebel inroads. At this season we are compelled to use the White River instead of the Arkansas, and can use it to advantage only to a certain point, which is to be determined by the enemy's position and movements and the character of the wagon roads leading to and from it. I presume Clarendon or Des Arc will be the highest point to which the river can be used to advantage. But of this General Steele can judge more accurately than I can. On account of the short distance by land from Helena to either Clarendon or Des Arc, it will, no doubt, be much the best for the troops to march to the point selected, and be met there by gunboats and supplies. It may be advisable to send a small force of infantry, say, a brigade and a light battery, with the flotilla, to assist in capturing or dispersing any force that may be found along the river. I am not informed that there is any fortified place on the White River below Devall's Bluff, and presume there is none. No doubt the commanding officer at Helena has accurate information on this point. Should there be such a place below the point to which the boats are to ascend, of course an adequate force must be sent with the flotilla to capture it.

