
federate camp, with tents and all necessary appurtenances thereto, containing 8 Confederate captains. The camp was situated in a very brushy country; consequently they escaped from their tents, my men following, and eventually succeeded in capturing 4 of them, after a brief resistance. We got all their arms, camp equipage, &amp;c. The lateness of the attack prevented us from capturing the whole of them. My men camped on the ground, and are scouring the country in the vicinity to-day. We also succeeded in capturing 2 of Porter's men last night in addition.

I regret to say that 2 of my bravest troops got seriously wounded in the fight before we captured the 4 rebel captains. They never surrendered until they had exhausted all their shots, they being armed with double-barreled shot-guns, in addition to navy revolvers.

You can now see why I object to this indiscriminate release of bad men from prison, and why you should not permit banished men to return here.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Colonel, Commanding.

General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.

JANUARY 23-27, 1863.-Scout from Fayetteville to Van Buren, Ark.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel M. La Rue Harrison, First Arkansas Cavalry.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Colonel James Stuart, Tenth Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel M. La Rue Harrison, First Arkansas Cavalry.

FAYETTEVILLE, ARK., January 27, 1863.

GENERAL: On Friday [23rd], I sent from this post a scout, under Lieutenant Colonel James Stuart, of the Tenth Illinois Cavalry, composed of 90 men of the First Arkansas Cavalry, under Captain Charles Galloway, and 40 men, with two howitzers, of the Tenth Illinois Cavalry. The scout crossed Boston Mountains, at the head of Frog Bayou, on Saturday morning [24th], and entered Van Buren the same evening about 7 o'clock.

On Sunday morning our men captured the steamer Julia Roan, and took from it 175 Confederate prisoners. About 50 were captured in the town and 75 more on the route. Over 200 were released on parole, subject to exchange for Federal prisoners. Colonel Stuart's command was fired on, without effect, by a company of rebel infantry stationed on the south side of the river. Our loss, none; the enemy, 6 killed and several wounded.

Lieutenant-Colonel Stuart arrived at this post with his command this evening at 6 o'clock.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.

