
eighth Regiment Enrolled Missouri State Militia, with about 250 of his men and tow small pieces of artillery, provided at private expense, dashed into the town of Bloomfield, Mo., capturing a large number of the enemy, with their horses, equipments, arms, and stores, thus completely routing and breaking up the troublesome band of guerrillas which have for a long time infested that neighborhood.

The officers and men of the Sixty-eighth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia engaged in this affair have the thanks of the brigadier-general commanding, and he hopes their example, when occasion requires, will be emulated, not only by the Enrolled Missouri Militia, but by all the troops in command.

By order of Brigadier-General Carr:

R. M. ELLIOTT,

Lieutenant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

FEBRUARY 2-3, 1863.-Skirmishes at Vine Prairie, on White Oak River, and near the mouth of Mulberry River, Ark.

Report of Colonel M. La. Rue Harrison, First Arkansas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Post Fayetteville, Ark., February 6, 1863.

GENERAL: Inclosed I send you copies of Captain [Charles] Galloway's report of the late scout, and also my letter of instructions to him. Captain G. [Galloway] disobeyed my orders in two particulars: First, he went to Ozark before going to the canebrake, at mouth of Mulberry; second, he did not surround the canebrake, but took his command toward Fayetteville, allowing Captain [R. E.] Travis, a junior captain, to make the attack, unsupported, on 30 rebels at Therilkyl's Ferry. Captain Galloway's reputation as a commander of scouts; his thoroughness as a soldier and a man, and his success (in the main) on this and other scouts, have induced me not to place him under arrest, but to reprimand him in the place of it. If Captain G. [Galloway] had followed my instructions implicitly, the whole Mankins gang could and would have been taken in. Everything was really as my map and instructions represented. Captain Galloway's excuse for going to Ozark first, is set forth in his report (the hope of capturing a steamer and 100 rebels on Ozark). The disobedience in that particular brought him in contact with 180 rebels, and he gained a brilliant victory. His excuse for not surrounding the canebrake is, that Captain Travis' spies reported no rebels in the cane (nearly all having crossed the river the day before), and that he allowed Captain T. [Travis] to go with 8 men to take in a party of 5 at Farmer's. That the party proved (as I had told him) to be Mankins' gang; and the attack on 30 men in a log-house by 8 from without was foolhardy,and that Captain T. [Travis] should have reconnoitered and notified the command before making the attack.

Subsequent to Captain Galloway's report comes the complete final particulars of Captain Travis' assault. Captain Travis drove every one of the rebels from the house, but did not know it at the time he retreated. He was not killed, but was brought out by the citizen who was employed to bury him, and is now likely to recover. Two of the other men were killed, 1 severely wounded, and 1 taken prisoner. The rebels

