
left some of their horses and most of their arms, which were picked up and taken off by the Union men who went to bury the dead.

Captain Galloway has always been one of my best officers; a truly brave, worthy, and patriotic man, and, though he took this course with the advice and sanction of other officers in his command, I am satisfied such a think will not be repeated; and I hope my lenity to him will be sanctioned by you, on account of his former services and many good qualities.

I remain, general, your obedient servant,

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel First Arkansas Cavalry, Commanding Post.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Frontier.

P. S.-Permit me to say, in addition, that Lieutenant-Colonel Stuart never sent me his official report of scout to Van Buren, nor the list of prisoners, as ordered; consequently, I am unable to give you a written report of that scout, although it was wholly planned and sent out by me. I learn that Lieutenant-Colonel Stuart has sent you a report. I think it should be returned.
HEADQUARTERS,Post Fayetteville, Ark., February 9, 1863.

GENERAL: On Saturday, January 31, I sent Captain C. [Charles] Galloway, Company E, First Arkansas Cavalry, in command of 81 men, to Huntsville, to protect the citizens of that place in holding a Union convention, and to assist in organizing companies for the First Arkansas Infantry, Colonel [James M.] Johnson.

On the 31st a large and enthusiastic meeting was held there; nearly 1,000 said to be present. Addresses were made by Colonel Johnson and Captain Searle, of the Tenth Illinois Cavalry. From Huntsville I ordered Captain Galloway to proceed, with his command, to the Arkansas River.

On Monday morning, February 2, he entered Ozark, but, finding no enemy, proceeded up the river, on the stage road, toward Van Buren. At the White Oak River, 7 miles west of Ozark, our advance guard, under Lieutenant [James] Roseman, was attacked by a steamboat escort of 180 men of Colonel Dorsey's rebel cavalry. Shots were exchanged, and our advance fell back to a commanding position, and formed on Captain Galloway's main column. The rebels charged upon them with a yell like that of the Indians. When within about 150 yards, a volley from our rifles brought them to a stand. After thirty minutes' severe fighting, the enemy retreated in disorder, carrying their dead and wounded with them. The enemy lost 8 killed and 15 or 20 wounded; also 6 horses killed and a large number disabled. Captain Galloway lost 2 horses killed and had 1 man slightly wounded. He followed the rebels westward for 10 miles, scattering them completely. On Monday night he encamped near the mouth of Little Frog Bayou Creek, and returned toward Fayetteville on Tuesday.

On Tuesday morning a small reconnoitering party (7 men), under Captain Robert E. Travis, Company M, First Arkansas Cavalry, attacked 30 rebels of Mankins' gang in a log-house in the canebrake near the mouth of Mulberry River, and fought there for nearly half an hour.

