
The rebels retreated, leaving most of their horses and arms on the ground. Captain Travis' party were so much crippled in the fight as to be unable to take my advantage of the affair, and left the ground. A Union citizens took some men, went and buried the dead, brought off the wounded, and picked up the rebel arms and captured their horses.

The attack was the most daring one of any I have heard of since the commencement of the war. The party consisted of Captain R. E. Travis, Company M, First Arkansas Cavalry (severely wounded in the right hip), and Sergts. W. P. Clark (unhurt), P. Asbill (unhurt), and Noel G; Rutherford, Company D, First Arkansas Cavalry (taken prisoner); Sergt. Benjamin Hooper, Company M, First Arkansas Cavalry (unhurt); Private Giles Loften, Company D, First Arkansas Cavalry (unhurt; was not in the action; held the horses 80 rods distant); Privates Edgar White, Oscar White, and James R. Williamson, Company I, Tenth Illinois (2 killed instantly and 1 died of wounds). The prisoners taken by this scout were 1 captain, 2 lieutenants, and 2 privates paroled and 7 brought in.

I am, colonel, your most obedient servant,

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel First Arkansas Cavalry, Commanding Post.

LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.

FEBRUARY 2-13, 1863.-Scouts and skirmishes in and about Mingo Swamp, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Lieutenant Colonel Bazel F. Lazear, Twelfth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 2.-Major F. W. Reeder, Twelfth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Bazel F. Lazear, Twelfth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

JACKSON, MO., February 14, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that Captain [Levi E.] Whybark, Company F, Twelfth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, with 50 men of the different companies of the regiment, returned yesterday from a scout to Mingo Swamp, and reports killing 3 and wounding 2 more of the band of General McGee. This has been one of the worst band of guerrillas that has infested Southeast Missouri, making their headquarters in the swamps. They have been a terror to the whole country. I inclose you a note, addressed to McGee by two Confederate captains,* showing you in what light they were looked upon by Confederate officers. There are not more than three of the notorious ones of the gang left; their names are Hetterbrand, Cowan, and Dixon. There are two of the gang now in the guard-house here, who were slightly wounded. Their names are Spain and Bradaway. The last deserves particular notice. He was a notorious outlaw in California. Since he returned, and before this, he

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

