
Lieutenant Charveaux, and our guide, Private William Massey, a member of Company D, of this regiment, who truly guided us the different routes through the swamp as to elicit the admiration of all. I ought also to mention Sergt. Jesse Green, of the Sixty-eighth Ohio Regiment Infantry Volunteers, who volunteered to accompany the expedition, and who, whilst acting as sergeant-major, proved himself very efficient and trustworthy.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. REEDER,

Major Twelfth Missouri State Militia Cav., Commanding Expedition.

Lieutenant Colonel B. F. LAZEAR,

Commanding Twelfth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, Jackson, Mo.

FEBRUARY 4, 1863.-Skirmish at Batesville, Ark.

Report of Brigadier General John W. Davidson, U. S. Army.

WEST PLAINS, MO., February 7, 1863.

The dash on Batesville has accomplished all it was intended. Express is just received from Colonel [G. E.] Waring, commanding my cavalry division. He drove Marmaduke's forces out of Batesville the night of the 4th instant, killing and wounding many and capturing some prisoners, among them Colonel Adams. Waring says Captain [G. C.] Rose, Fourth Missouri Cavalry, led the charge into Batesville most gallantly. Such of the enemy as could not crowd into the ferry-boats swam the river. Marmaduke's entire force is on the other side, and the pickets were exchanging shots on the morning of the 5th. Waring has remounted his men from the country. Of course, as the expedition was only intended as a reconnaissance and a forage, it has its full instructions to return carefully. I am sending in a fresh battalion to act as its rear guard. I am moving back to our new position, and you may rely on my keeping myself ready to move at twenty-four hours' notice. I am sending dragoons to see what Leeper did at Van Buren. I have two good ferry-boats there.

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General CURTIS.

FEBRUARY 5-12, 1863.-Scout from Fayetteville to the Arkansas River, and skirmishes at Threlkeld's Ferry and near Van Buren, Ark.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel M. La Rue Harrison, First Arkansas Cavalry.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Colonel James Stuart, Tenth Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel M. Pa Rue Harrison, First Arkansas Cavalry.

FAYETTEVILLE, February 12, 1863.

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Stuart has just returned from scout to Arkansas River. One hundred men crossed the river near mouth of

