
Frog Bayou; had a skirmish with Carroll's command, and scattered them. They marched 10 miles into the country on the other side; destroyed the rebel camp and burned their stores; attacked and routed a part of Carroll's command on this side the river, 8 miles east of Van Buren, killing several. [C. A.] Carroll was attempting to cut off Stuart's return, or attack Fayetteville in his absence, but has been foiled in the attempt. About 40 prisoners were taken. Our loss is 1 prisoner and 1 drowned. Quite a number of horses, mules, and arms have fallen into our hands. Lieutenant-Colonel Stuart's official report shall be forwarded immediately.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James Stuart, Tenth Illinois Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY,Fayetteville, Ark., February 14, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I left Fayetteville, Ark., on the 5th instant, on a scout to the Arkansas River, in command of 100 men of the Tenth Illinois Cavalry and 125 men of the First Arkansas Cavalry.

On arriving at the river, 4 miles below the mouth of Frog Bayou, I learned that a small force of the enemy was encamped 3 miles below, at Threlkeld's Ferry. I immediately procured some skiffs and had others constructed, with which I ferried over 100 of my command, which orders to surround their camp and attack them. At the same time I moved down on the north side of the river, with two small howitzers, to destroy their log buildings, in case the enemy should take to them for defense; but, through the indiscretion of a small party I had placed on the road leading to the ferry to cut off communication with the enemy, the movement was discovered, which enabled many of them to escape my command.

We had quite a lively engagement, killing several of the enemy, and taking 7 prisoners. My loss, 1 man drowned (Private Douglass, First Arkansas Cavalry). I proceeded thence 12 miles up the river, and captured 30 bales of cotton, which had been turned over by the Confederate States provost-marshal to a man named A. Waddell. I had the same transported by Government teams, which accompanied me to Fayetteville, and placed in a vacant church, by direction of Colonel Harrison.

On the 10th instant, while moving along the Ozark Stage road, about 8 miles east of Van Buren, and near the fork of the Frog Bayou and Stage roads, I was attacked by about 100 of the enemy, who were quickly routed by Captain William A. Chapin and 50 men of the Tenth Illinois Cavalry, who made a prompt and gallant charge, dispersing the enemy in every direction. I afterward ascertained that it was a party of Colonel Carroll's men, taking down the telegraph wire along the road. I ascertained that this was the only force on this side of the river above Clarksville.

