
During the scout I took 21 Confederate soldiers prisoners, also horses, mules, arms, &amp;c. I inclose herewith list* of paroled prisoners.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES STUART,

Lieutenant-Colonel Tenth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Frontier.

FEBRUARY 8, 1863.-Skirmish near Independence, Mo.

Report of Colonel W. R. Penick, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIFTH MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAVALRY,Independence, Mo., February 11, 1863.

GENERAL: On the 8th instant I sent a detachment of 50 men from Companies C, D, and F, of my command, in charge of Lieutenant D. A. Colvin, of Company C, in pursuit of a guerrilla camp, of which I had information. My scout came up with the enemy about 2 p. m., and a running fight commenced, which lasted about thirty minutes. My men killed 8 of the guerrillas, wounded 2, and the remainder, some 4 or 5, escaped in the woods. Captured all their arms and horses, and lost 1 man in the skirmish. To try the fighting qualities of the negro, I sent a contraband along, at his own request. My officers and men agree that his fighting propensities are splendid; he was wounded severely in the right shoulder; he express his willingness to again fight the bushwhackers as soon as he is able.

Very respectfully,

W. R. PENICK,

Colonel Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.

FEBRUARY 15, 1863.-Skirmish near Arkadelphia, Ark.

Report of Colonel M. La Rue Harrison, First Arkansas Cavalry.

MARCH 9, [1863.]

Captain Brown, a Union man from Arkadelphia, has just arrived. Had 83 men in the mountains of Washita River, near Arkadelphia, and was attacked by 300 rebels on Sunday, the 15th of February last. The fight lasted from sunrise till noon, when the rebels were completely routed, with a loss of 16 killed and 12 wounded. Captain Brown lost 2 killed and 4 wounded. Captain Brown brought in some recruits for the First Arkansas Infantry.

Captain Vanderpool came in yesterday from Newton County with 200 Union men, mostly recruits for the volunteer service.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

