
Obion County, I think. The cavalry expedition south starts to-day or to-morrow. I have heard nothing of importance from Dodge or from the Tennessee.

Respectfully,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Reports of Brigadier General James C. Veatch, U. S. Army, commanding District of Memphis.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MEMPHIS,Memphis, Tenn., February 21, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to the orders of Major-General Hurlbut, I sent four companies of the Sixty-third Illinois Volunteers, under command of Captain Joseph K. Lemon, on board of the steamer Mill Boy, at 10 a. m. on the 19th instant, with orders to proceed, under convoy of the gunboat Cricket, to the village of Hopefield, on the Arkansas shore, and to burn every house in the place.

This duty was promptly performed, and Captain Lemon reported to me, with his entire command, on his return from the expedition at 5 p. m. on the same day. A lot of horses and mules were found in stable, unclaimed. They were brought over, and all delivered to Captain Walker, post quartermaster, to be held by him, subject to the claim of loyal owners, with one exception, which will be seen by reference to the report of Captain Lemon, here attached. I also append a copy of the order of Major-General Hurlbut, under which I acted, and a copy of instructions given to the officer commanding the expedition, and ask that they be considered a part of this report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES C. VEATCH,

Brigadier-General.

Captain HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixteenth Corps.

[Inclosures.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MEMPHIS,Memphis, Tenn., February 19, 1863.

Commanding Officer of Expedition to Hopefield, Ark.:

SIR: By the within orders of Major-General Hurlbut, you are re-quired to destroy the village of Hopefield.

You will be vigilant and careful, and see that your men commit no depredations nor offer any insults to the in habitants.

Keep your guard well posted, so that no lurking band of guerrillas shall be allowed to approach without your knowledge.

As soon as you have executed the general's orders, you will return with your command, and report to these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier General James C. Veatch:

F. W. FOX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

