SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 10. Memphis, Tenn., February 18, 1863.

* * *

IV. Brigadier General J. C. Veatch will detail four companies, under a field officer, with 40 rounds of ammunition, who will proceed to-morrow, under convoy of the gunboat Cricket, to Hopefield, on the Arkansas shore. Upon landing at Hopefield, the place will be immediately covered by guards. The residents will be allowed one hour to remove their effects, after which every buildings will be burned, an the troops will return, reporting to General Veatch.

* * *

By order of Major-General Hurlbut:

HENRY BINMORE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain Joseph K. Lemon, Sixty-third Illinois Infantry.

CAMP SIXTY-THIRD Regiment ILLINOIS VOL. INFANTRY,

District of Memphis, Tenn., February 20, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with your orders, I proceeded with four companies of the above-named regiment, viz, Company C, commanded by Captain [W. M.] Boughan; Company D, commanded by Lieutenant [J.] Isaminger; Company E, commanded by Captain [H. H.] Walser; Company F, commanded by Lieutenant A. Davis, and the gunboat Cricket, to Hopefield, Ark.; placed a strong guard around the village, and, after giving the inhabitants one hour's notice of the destiny of their village, the lighted torch was applied and the place was consumed. There were no depredations committed, neither were any insults offered to the inhabitants. In the livery stables I found 15 head of horses, 9 mules, and 10 saddles, and, as they were said to be owned by citizens of Arkansas, I took them under charge. I turned over 15 head of horses and 9 mules to the quartermaster, Captain Walker. One fine horse was kept by Lieutenant Cook, of General Hurlbut's staff, by order of Major-General Hurlbut.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH K. LEMON,

Captain, Commanding Expedition.

Brigadier General J. C. VEATCH.

Numbers 4. Report of Captain J. H. McGehee, Arkansas Cavalry, including destruction of the Steamers Jacob Musselman and Grampus Numbers 2.

CAMP OF UNATTACHED COMPANY, ARKANSAS CAVALRY,

Marion, Ark., March 2, 1863.

COLONEL: In obedience to orders received from the major-general commanding the Trans-Mississippi District, to proceed to the county of Crittenden, Arkansas, for the purpose of scouting and burning cotton in that country, and annoying the enemy on the Mississippi River.

