
I have the honor to report that I marched from Austin, Ark., and proceeded to the Mississippi River, burning all cotton as I went which was liable to fall into the hands of the enemy.

On the 6th day of January, I captured the steamboat Jacob Musselman, opposite Memphis, lying at the Arkansas shore; ran her to Bradley's Landing, 15 miles above that point, where I captured another boat (flat-boat) loaded with stock. After taking what was valuable on the steamer Jacob Musselman, and the stock off the flat-boat, I burned them both.

On the 11th day of January, I captured the steamboat Grampus Numbers 2, just off the wharf at Memphis;run her to Mound City, 5 miles above Memphis, and burned her. There were with the Grampus 5 coal boats, which were turned loose in the river when she was captured, and floated down and sunk.

On the 17th of February, I captured the steamer tug Hercules opposite Memphis, and 7 coal boats, which were with her, and burned them on the spot, being unable to run them off, owing to the terrific fire from the gunboats which were lying at the Memphis wharf.

On the 16th of February, I captured a flat boat, 30 miles below Memphis, laden with medicine, &amp;c.; she had on board the following articles, to wit: 600 ounces of quinine, 200 ounces of morphine, 6 pounds of opium, 5 pounds of ipecac, 5 navy repeaters, 450 rounds of navy cartridges, 3,000 percussion caps, and 6 pairs of gauntlets.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

J. H. McGEHEE,

Captain, Commanding Company.

Colonel R. C. NEWTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 19-22, 1863.-Scout in Barton and Jasper Counties, Mo.

Report of Major Edward B. Eno, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Newtonia, Mo., February 22, 1863.

COLONEL: In compliance with your request, made to me at Sherwood on the 18th instant, I have to report that, on the 19th instant, I dispatched Captain Reeder, with 30 men and the worn-out horses, in charge of corpse of one of my men, who died the night previous, back to this post instructing him to proceed by route which would cross your line of march from Shoal Creek to Fidelity. Captain Reeder reached this post without any incident worthy of remark.

With the balance of my command, I marched down Centre Creek; thence up Spring River to Carthage, where I encamped on the night of the 19th. Here I learned that the Enrolled Missouri Militia from Bower's Mills had overtaken Livingston, with about 60 men, 6 miles distant, on Dry Fork of Spring River;had fought him a little, and came charging back through Carthage, swearing because they did not catch him. My conjecture relative to his rendezvous was correct; but, on hearing of my scout being below on Spring River, he ran directly north, about Lamar. Knowing that Captain Moore's scouts, from Fort Scott, would be in that neighborhood on the 20th, I concluded to march back to Jenkins' and Jones' Creeks. We took the brush and creek until within

