
a quarter of a mile of that misnomer, Fidelity; then charged into the place, came upon a small party of the rascals, wounded 1, captured 3; the balance escaped, our horses being too tired to overtake them. Thence, I divided my command again, and beat the brush of Jones' and Jenkins' Creek, up-stream. Not finding anything, we encamped on Jones' Creek, sending out parties up and down the creek during the night.

If the Wisconsin scout does not come across Livingston and cut him up, he will go down to the border and harbor at mouth of Shoal Creek again, provided he does not conclude to leave the country altogether. Many of the best friends of this guerrillas chief solemnly own to me that they see and fully appreciate the injury he is doing the country, and they talk seriously of presenting a petition to him to leave.

I hope the happiest results from the extensive scout just made in that region; if not so immediately successful as we could have wished, it has made the country uncomfortably hot for guerrillas, and must convince them of our determination to hunt them down.

Hoping to hear from you soon, and that you met with more success then myself, I am, colonel, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. ENO,

Major, Commanding Sub-district.

Colonel WILLIAM F. CLOUD, Springfield, Mo.

FEBRUARY 20, 1863.-Skirmish near Fort Hallek, Dak.

Report of Captain Asaph Allen.

FORT HALLECK, DAK., February 27, 1863.

SIR: On the 19th, a report came to me that the Ute Indians had broken up the station at Pass Creek, driven off the mail stock, cut up the harness, and committed other depredations. I started Lieutenant Brandley, with all the available force here (not having but 20 horses at the post), after them. He overtook and killed some of them, and was badly wounded by a ball through the left arm. He shot the Indian through the head. I brought my herd of horses in and went out myself, and hunted the hounds three days.

On the night of the 24th, Mr. Kerr, superintendent of the overland stage line, came to Fort Halleck, reporting a new trail of Indians 20 miles west. I started Sergeant Williams, with 35 men, at 12 o'clock at night, in pursuit. I could not go, as Major Adams, paymaster, was here to pay the troops. The party came in sight of the Indians about 9 o'clock the next morning. The Indians had some 10 miles the start. The chase resulted in the recovery of a portion of the stolen stock, but could not overtake the Indians, although the party followed them until night, the day being the stormiest that I ever saw. I do not think that the Indians will trouble the stage line for the present, but expect that they will favor it with a call in the spring. I have sent men up the road to the different stations.

I am, sir, with respect, your obedient servant,

A. ALLEN,

Captain, Commanding Fort Halleck.

General JAMES CRAIG,

Commanding District of Nebraska.

