
MARCH 1-2, 1863.-Capture of, and skirmish near, Bloomfield, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Frederick R. Poole, adjutant Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. SECOND MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAVALRY,Bloomfield, Mo., March 3, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, after leaving your camp on White Water, on the night of the 28th of February, I proceeded, in command of the advance guard, for the purpose of surprising a party of rebels reported to be in Bloomfield. On arriving at Castor River, i found it impassable, owing to the destruction of the bridge and the high stage of water; but being determination to prosecute your orders, I swam my command, and shortly after daylight had the town completely invested. I succeeded in capturing the rebel provost-marshal, R. Seckel (with all his official documents), and 20 others, nearly all of whom were Confederate soldiers. A Confederate officer, who was on recruiting service, in madly endeavoring to escape after firing upon me as I advanced, was instantly killed from his horse. From documents found upon his person, he seems to have been a Lieutenant J. D. Brazeau, formerly from Saint Louis. I took a number of horses, guns, ammunition, &amp;c. fatigue and cold the men had to undergo in traveling such a distance, and having to swim a deep and rapid river, I never heard a murmur, the motto "Down with the traitors" actuating every breast.

Next morning, learning that a camp of rebels were within 15 miles of this post, I selected 20 of my best horses, and proceeded down the Arkansas road 15 miles in the direction of Chalk Bluff, when I came upon their picket, who precipitately fled, being well mounted. I overtook them, 3 in number, quite near the camp. I called upon them to halt and surrender, but they continued to fly. I then commenced firing, and killed 2 of them, and took the other a prisoner. Upon hearing the firing, the rebels, 50 strong, under Cooper, as I was informed, fled in every direction, leaving their arms, &c.

I cannot express my gratitude to the men who accompanied me in both cases; suffice it to say they are model soldiers, and as brave as they are true.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. R. POOLE,

Adjutant.

Colonel JOHN McNEIL,

Commanding Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

MARCH 3, 1863.-Raid by guerrillas on Granby, Mo.

Report of Major Edward B. Eno, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Newtonia, Mo., March 4, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the report that, on the night of the 3rd instant, the guerrilla chief, Livington, with 100 men, dashed into Granby, where 25 men of my battalion were stationed. The patrol guard, 2 men were captured, disarmed, and probably killed, as nothing has since been

