
who stated that there of them had been to a house outside the lines to get their breakfast, and, in returning, were fired into, taken prisoners, and disarmed,and one of their number was badly wounded and left on the ground, where I found him in a few minutes. I scoured the woods thoroughly with Indians and whites, but could find no one. I procured a wagon and sent the wounded man to Neosho under escort of the Indians, and proceeded to camp, which I reached at 9 p. m. Friday, the 13th, being ut nine days. I issued an order, the first day out, strictly prohibiting men from leaving the command without the consent of a commissioned officer, which order was disobeyed in several instances by those men of Company A, who were disarmed.

D. MEFFORD,

Captain Company H, Sixth Kansas, Commanding Detachment.

Colonel W. R. JUDSON,

Commanding First Brigadier, First Div., Army of the Frontier.

MARCH 6-10, 1863.-Expedition from Helena to Big and Lick Creek,s Ark., and skirmishes.

Report of Brigadier General Benjamin M. Prentiss, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, Ark., March 11, 1863.

GENERAL: On the morning of the 6th instant I dispatched Major [Samuel] Walker, of the Fifth Kansas Cavalry, with about 500 men of different regiments, in search of a camp of rebels said to be between Big and Lick Creeks, and he reports to me that he arrived at Lick creek on the 8th instant, and after hunting in vain for an enemy, he sent Major Winslow to one crossing of Big Creek and went himself to the other, at both of which he encountered small parties of rebels, killing 1, taking 1 prisoners, and destroying their ferry-boats. One man of the Fourth Iowa Cavalry as shot from his horse while on picket, and Lieutenant [Joseph] McCarty and Sergeant Orcutt, Fifth Kansas, were taken prisoners. He reports Lieutenant Cleaveland, of Parson's rebel regiment, killed; also 2 of Wetherby's men, and says he took 4 prisoners, and that, having scoured the country well between Big and Lick Creeks, is satisfied that there is no large party there. A force of rebels is reported to be at Cotton Plant. The major speaks in high terms of the conduct of his officers and men.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

B. M. PRENTISS,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General McCLERNAND,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps.

MARCH 9-15, 1863.-Expedition from Bloomfield, Mo., to Chalk Bluff, Ark., and to Gum Slough, Kennett, Hornersville, etc., Mo., and skirmishes.

Report of Colonel John McNeil, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. SECOND Regiment MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAV.,Bloomfield, Mo., March 16, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I left this pos on Monday, the 9th instant, with 500 men of my command and two mountain

