
Davidson's division, without reference to the conditions contained in my order to the latter, already transmitted. I will so inform General Davidson.

I believe, general, I have mentioned all that is essential for the present time, but will be glad to communicate with you further at any time if you will suggest any point upon which you desire my views.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 10.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, Mo., August 7, 1863.

Brigadier General J. W. DAVIDSON,

Commanding First Cav. Div., Dept. of the Missouri, via Helena, Ark.:

GENERAL: Under instructions from the General-in-Chief, General Grant has sent a force of infantry and artillery to Helena, for the purpose of operating against Price. General Steele is assigned to the command, and it is to act under the orders of General Hurlbut. My troops in that part of Arkansas are, for the time being, to form part of General Steele's command. Hence my dispatch to you of August 1, directing you to report to the officer commanding the expedition from Helena. How long this arrangement will last will, I presume, depend upon the success of the expedition and future demands for troops elsewhere. I have found it necessary to withdraw the force from Chalk Bluffs for the present, and have succeeded in preventing any further damage since the destruction of the train near Bloomfield, of which I telegraphed you.

Marmaduke does not seem inclined to risk any farther advance, I presume in consequence of your proximity to his flank and rear. I manner as he may direct without special reference to the protection of my southern line in Missouri. You will, therefore, report to General Steele, if you have not already done so, and will hereafter act under his orders.

I understand that General Steele's force is still regarded as belonging to the command of General Grant, and that your division is to be regarded as temporarily attached; therefore you will continue to make your reports and returns to these headquarters; of course, furnishing duplicates to General Steele, if he desires them, as, doubtless, he will.

I hope, general, you will keep me fully advised of everything of interest connected with your operations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith, C. S. Army, commanding Trans-Mississippi Department, of operations March 7, 1863 - February 21, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., November 14, 1863.

GENERAL: I have forwarded reports to General Taylor's operations in Lower Louisiana, from the commencement of the campaign to its successful termination by the retreat of General Banks to Berwick Bay.

