
MARCH 19, 1863.-Skirmish on Frog Bayou, Ark.

Report of Colonel M. LaRue Harrison.

FAYETTEVILLE, ARK., March 23, 1863.

A reconnoitering party of 9 men, under Captain Whiteford, sent out by me a few days ago, attacked 20 rebels of Captain Wright's company, at Bill Young's, on Frog Bayou, 18 miles north of the Arkansas River, on Thursday morning [19th]. Our men killed and mortally wounded 10; killed 3 horses and disabled 5. They completely routed the rebels, taking most of their blankets and arms. Captain Wright is reported mortally wounded. Captain Whiteford returned last night without the loss of a man.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Major-General CURTIS.

MARCH 19-23, 1863.-Scout toward, and affair (21st) near, Doniphan, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Frederick R. Poole, Adjutant Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS SECOND MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAVALRY,Bloomfield, March 23, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with your instructions, I left this post on the evening of the 19th instant, for the purpose of making a tour of reconnaissance west of the Saint Francis River. For this purpose, I took with me 75 men, 25 of whom I left at Williams' Crossing, on the Saint Francis River, under command of Lieutenant [J.] Donahoo, to guard two ferry-boats, one of which I captured on the Mingo, and the other at Punches' Crossing, on the Saint Francis, together with several canoes, all of which I floated won stream to the point above indicated, about three-fourths of a mile south of the junction of the Mingo with the Saint Francis River.

Shortly after daylight next morning, I crossed my party, arriving that evening at Poplar Bluff. Here we were enthusiastically hailed by the few inhabitants that remain, and who express more Union sentiment, and are more truly loyal, than any people I have yet met with in Southeast Missouri.

Aware of the small force at my disposal, and being now 40 miles from any support, I deemed it prudent to withdraw from town,and encamp at the foot of the bridge over Blackwater River, on the east side of the village, there holding a position that no enemy could well force. Not being able to ascertain any information relative to the reported advance of Marmaduke's army, I resolved to push still farther in the direction of Pocahontas, until I could meet his advance or capture his pickets, or strike his trail in case he had moved north.

About 1 o'clock next day [21st], I surprised a picket, consisting of 5 men, who fled at our approach. They were stationed about 20 miles from Poplar Bluff, at the junction of the Pitman's Ferry and

Doniphan roads. I captured 3 of the pickets and killed and remaining 2. I will

