
MARCH 22, 1863.-Skirmish at Blue Springs, near Independence, Mo.

Report of Colonel William R. Penick, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIFTH MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAVALRY,Independence, Mo., March 23, 1863.

GENERAL: Yesterday a detachment of 50 men, composed of the Fifth Regiment and artillery company, under command of Captain H. B. Johnson, met with a superior force of guerrillas about 12 miles from this post, and were driven back, with a loss of 9 killed, 3 wounded, and 6 missing. The loss of the enemy I have not yet ascertained. The guerrillas, as usual, have scattered all over the county in tows, threes, &amp;c. It will be impossible for United State soldiers to drive them out of this county unless the Government can afford to send ten soldiers for one guerrilla. The only way tog et them out is to destroy all subsistence in rocky and brushy parts of the country, and send off their wives and the children; also the wives and children of sympathizers who are aiding and abetting them.

Very respectfully,

W. R. PENICK,

Colonel Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Saint Louis, Mo.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 28, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Loan, who will take all possible means to suppress the rebels consistent with orders from Washington.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

MARCH 22, 1863.-Skirmish near the head of White River, Ark.

Report of Colonel M. La Rue Harrison.

FAYETTEVILLE, ARK., March 26, 1863.

On Sunday last a party of 35 men (25 soldiers and 10 citizens) sent out to assist the beef contractor in getting in his stock, were attacked from three directions, near the head of White River, by a rebel scout of 200 men from Clarksville, led by Major McConnell, said to be Brooks' regiment. Our men lost: Killed, 3 soldiers and 1 citizen; wounded, 1 citizen; prisoners, 7 soldiers and 8 citizens; escaped, 14 soldiers and 1 citizen. The scout was informed of their whereabouts by a treacherous citizen. The disaster is half owing to carelessness in not putting out pickets. Major McConnell is known to have been shot dead from his horse while leading the charge. If our cavalry could get horses, they would not be half to such disasters. At present all escorts have to be sent our dismounted.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Major-General CURTIS.

