
soldiers and 9 contrabands.* General Loan telegraphs that Colonel King, in pursuit, had two fights yesterday with guerrillas, totally routing them, mortally wounding their chief.

SAML. R. CURTIS, Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief.

MARCH 29-APRIL 5, 1863.-Scouts from Fayetteville, Ark.

Report of Lieutenant James Roseman, First Arkansas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Post Fayetteville, Ark., April 5, 1863.

COLONEL: I am instructed by the colonel commanding post to say that your dispatch was received late evening. Six of our wagons leave to-morrow for Cassville, to bring back the revolvers, cartridges, &amp;c., sent down by Major Corning to that post. Eight more wagons, escorted by the battery men, go direct to Springfield, there to obtain in part the supplies so much needed at this post.

Our scouts have all been called in, and all are now in but one. They have been remarkably successful the past week. Captain [John T.] Worthington and Lieutenant [Joseph S.] Robb, of the First Arkansas Cavalry, returned on Friday evening from a week's trip, in which they were so fortunate as to leave 22 dead rebels in their track. They entirely cleared out MacFarlane's band, and he is reported killed. The loss on our side was 1 man wounded.

Captain [James R.] Vanderpool, of the infantry, returned yesterday from a scout to Newton and Carroll Counties. He had several fights with rebel bands, and succeeded in killing 19 in all, with the loss of 1 wounded. One scout is still out, but will be in a few days. Positions have been selected for fortifications, and the work will be commenced without delay.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES ROSEMAN, Lieutenant and Post Adjutant.

MARCH 31, 1863.-Skirmish at Clapper's Saw-Mill, Crooked Creek, Ark.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel William Weer, Tenth Kansas Infantry, commanding First Division, Army of the Frontier.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Colonel Richard H. White, Third Wisconsin Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel William Weer, Tenth Kansas Infantry, commanding First Division, Army of the Frontier.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,Carrollton, Ark., April 1, 1863.

As per my last telegraph, I sent yesterday, at 3 p. m. Lieutenant-Colonel White, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, with a detachment of his regiment,

---------------

*See also Loan to Curtis, March 29, in "Correspondence, etc.," Part II, p. 183.

---------------

