
with minute instructions as to route and mode of attack against the enemy on Crooked Creek. He just reports to me that he surprised their camp, 400 strong, under a Colonel Woodson, about 10 o'clock last night; captured their picked, fired into their camp, taking them by complete surprise; some of the enemy wounded, but loss not know, owing to the darkness. Captured arms, wagons, mules, camp and garrison equipage, &amp;c., and our loss none. Enemy fled, and Colonel White yet in pursuit, in a southeasterly direction. Captured Army, and under a Colonel [W. H.] Brooks, commanding Second Division, headquarters at Clarksville, Ark. A letter from him state that he had sent a force, under a Colonel [J. F.] Hill, from Clarksville into this country, who was no doubt with the force on Crooked Creek. The correspondence discloses great exertions to obtain recruits, promising that all deserters will be pardoned if they return. Forage is as yet abundant, and if a force was sent to take care of Marmaduke, I could feel my way still farther south. The troops at Fayetteville should be sent into this country.

Your obedient servant,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

(Forwarded, April 3, by Lieutenant Luke O'Reilly, to Major-General Herron.)

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Richard H. White, Third Wisconsin Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD WISCONSIN CAVALRY,Camp at Clapper's Saw-Mill, on Crooked Creek, Carroll, County, Arkansas, March 31, 1863.

COLONEL: Pursuant to orders, I started this afternoon, at 3 o'clock, from camp near Carrollton, taking a southeasterly road, toward Crooked Creek. On the road I learned that the camp of the enemy was at the steam-mill, where I am now in bivouac. On the road several men, running from the houses at the approach of the advance guard, were chased and fired at, but only one taken with arms. Reaching a point about three-fourths of a mile from the creek, I received information that on the opposite bank of the creek a picket of the enemy was stationed. Sending Captain Horn, with the advance guard, by a left-hand road (crossing the creek more below), into the rear of the same, I moved on, and, as expected, the picket retreated, and was taken by the party in ambush without a shot being fired. One of the so-captured men jumped from his horse and could not be found in the thicket. I therefore concluded to march right up on the enemy's camp, in order to prevent their being warned.

At 10 p. m. I reached the house of Mr. Clapper, where the officers of the command were assembled in council of war, as I afterward learned. A pistol fight took place, which probably alarmed the camp earlier than intended. I therefore moved on toward the camp, which was only a quarter of a mile farther in the timber, and in plain sight, a large field in front of it giving an opportunity for bringing howitzers into action. I ordered the same to the front, drawing the cavalry up in line on the right and left and rear of the same, and threw a few shells into the enemy's encampments.

The complete stampede thereby caused being immediately followed

