
by a spirited cavalry charge, the darkness of the night in the timber can only explain the fact that all but one (wounded) made good their escape. A great many arms, some wagons, mules, and cattle, cooking utensils, &amp;c., were left on the ground. The pursuit was continued for about 2 miles, when I returned to the camp.

The force routed is reported to have numbered 400, under command of Colonel Woodson, of the Confederate Army. To-morrow I intend to follow them up to Bluff Spring, about 12 miles farther southeast. I found a sufficient forage for my command at this place, but am unable to report any particulars about forage in the country.

I have the honor, colonel, to be, your most obedient servant,

RICHARD H. WHITE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Third Wisconsin Cavalry.

Colonel CHARLES E. SALOMON, Commanding Brigade.

APRIL 1-5, 1863.-Scout from Linden to White River, Mo.

Report of Major Henry Suess, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Linden, Mo., April 5, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you a successful scout made by Captain M. U. Foster, of Company G, with 41 men, south. I ordered him, April 1, on a reconnaissance south as far as Talbot's Ferry, or as far south as he should find it safe to go. Captain Foster, returned this evening reports: Passed Lawrence's Mill to head of Little Fork, passing down that stream to White River, where he crossed and fell in with 3 armed guerrillas, who were killed on the spot. Them, recrossing the river,he traveled southeast some 25 miles. Near the mouth of Sister Creek, he happened to fall upon a Captain John McClure, a noted guerrilla, who was killed in the attempt to run away. Then visiting the saltpeter works, 2 others, that had been stealing and robbing on a large scale from Union people, were served like the rest, they attempting to escape. Reports about 200 of Shaver's men at Yellville; Shaver at Little Rock. These men are not stationary, but act as rangers. The conscript law is being enforced there, but with no success. It is rumored there that Marmaduke is preparing for another raid in this direction.

Van Zandt, former clerk of Taney County court, and a noted rebel, was killed by the Enrolled Missouri Militia a few days ago. Another scout of Captain [Elias] Slocum, Company H, returned just now, having been about 45 miles east-southeast, passing Haywood and Cowskin without making any discoveries. He reports forage so scarce in that region that I shall remain here, hoping that this command may go to the land of plenty some time. We are on short rations of corn. The health of my command is excellent.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY SUESS,

Major Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Colonel WILLIAM F. CLOUD,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

P. S.-Will you permit me to send about two companies to Yellville? In surprising that place at daybreak, we might gain an easy victory there.

