
APRIL-, 1863.-Skirmishes in Carroll County, Mo.

Report of Colonel M. La Rue Harrison, commanding Fayetteville, Ark.

[APRIL 3, 1863.]

Captain J. I. Worthington is just from scout in Carroll Country; has had four skirmishes with bushwhackers, and killed 22 and taken 7 prisoners. Captain McFarlane reported killed, and Captain Walker is a prisoner. Guerrilla Captain Smith was also killed. Scout consisted of Companies H and L, First Arkansas Cavalry. They lost 1 man wounded, but not dangerously.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.

(Sent by Curtis to Halleck, same date.)

APRIL 11, 1863.-Skirmish near Squirrel Creek Crossing, Colo.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel George L. Shoup, Third Colorado Cavalry.

SQUIRREL CREEK CROSSING, COLO.,

April 11, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that at daylight this morning I surprised and captured a small of guerrillas. The loss of the guerrilla band is 1 man killed and 2 taken prisoners; one of the prisoners is shot through the leg. They (the guerrillas)were in camp about 10 miles east of this place. I have no clew to the whereabouts of other desperadoes.

I left Pueblo the day after the detachment that your ordered to Colorado City. I went direct to Colorado City. I there learned that the detachment had taken the Cherry Creek road. I left Colorado City yesterday morning. Procured Mr. Templeton (about 12 m.) as guide. Found the detachments s Smith's saw-mill. Left there at 4 p. m., and arrived here about dark. Soon after dark, I discovered a camp-fire, that I supposed to be near by. I detailed Sergeant Rigsby and 4 others to reconnoiter the camp. Sergeant Rigsby and party returned about 12 o'clock at night. He reported the camp to be 10 miles distant. He saw in camp 1 man and 2 mules. He saw other camp-fired beyond, but did not visit them.

I took Sergeant Rigsby, Corporal Wood, and 9 others, and rode rapidly to and passed the camp visited in the forepart of the night by Sergeant Rigsby. Finding a good place to leave my horses, I took 3 men with me; visited the other fires, but found them to be burning logs that had taken fire from the burning prairie. I then returned to the camp visited by Sergeant Rigsby, and made a reconnaissance myself. I could tell nothing of their number. Their position was a good one, among large rocks, in a canon. Day was breaking, and I decided to charge their camp from below and above, that there might be no chance for them to escape.

The charge was made with the result above stated. I asked them

