
who they were, and demanded them three different times to surrender. I did not fire on them until one of them raised his gun on Sergeant Rigsby. William Waggle was killed; John Rily shot through the leg; William Way is a prisoner.

You will be generous enough to overlook this soiled letter, the only piece of paper that I could procure. I will take the prisoners to Colorado City, and there await your orders.

I am, colonel, truly, your obedient servant,

G. L. SHOUP,

Lieutenant-Colonel of Volunteers.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Commanding District of Colorado.

APRIL 17, 1863.-Skirmish at White River, Mo.

Reports of Major David McKee, Seventh Missouri Cavalry.

CASSVILLE, MO., April 18, 1863.

SIR: I sent Captain Humphrey out on a scout with 50 men in the White River country, 18 miles from here. He sent a squad of 20 men to reconnoiter near Relleford's Mill; they were attacked by a band of 80 or 100 rebels, and had a running fight for about 4 miles. Eight of our men are missing; 3 of them were killed; the others' horses gave out, and I think they must have taken to the bushes. I sent out re-enforcement of 66 men about 2 o'clock this morning. Would it be convenient for you to send me a couple of companies of infantry? Our horses are run down, and it is impossible for me to keep up the telegraph patrol and forage, besides doing guard duty.

DAVID McKEE,

Major Seventh Missouri Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Post.

Colonel COULD.

CASSVILLE, MO., April 18, 1863.

COLONEL: My scout, under command of Captain Humphrey, has returned. He reports the enemy at, or near, Moore's Mill, on White River, 200 strong, and he has reliable information that the enemy is in camp at Leashure, Wood Creek, 8 miles south of Moore's Mill, from 400 to 600 strong. They have been concentrating there for three days past, from all directions, to my own knowledge. From what I can learn, they intend making an attack on some military post. We los 1 man killed that we know of, and 9 missing in all. We killed 1 rebel that they know of. We lost 9 horses. Captain Humphrey saw two companies of rebels, from 80 to 100 in each. A deserter came in. He reports the enemy about 600 strong. They are a part of Shelby's and Marmaduke's men. It is a matter of impossibility to keep the wire up. They cut it almost daily in front and rear of my patrol.

DAVID McKEE,

Major Seventh Missouri Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Post.

Colonel CLOUD.

