
keep any amount of ammunition on hand, nor subsistence on hand at Patterson. This hint is given you that you may feel your regiment is part of a movable force.

DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, Mo., April 28, 1863.

COLONEL: The details of the attack of the rebels on Mill Creek Bridge on the night of the 24th instant have just been received by me from Colonel [John F.] Tyler, commanding the troops on the Iron Mountain Railroad. The attack was repulsed by Captain [Isaac D.] Johnson, Twenty-fourth Missouri Volunteers, and Lieutenant [August] Haufbauer, First Missouri State Militia, with a loss on our side of 1 non-commissioned officer, Corporal Ochs, First Missouri States Militia, killed, and on that of the rebels of 3 dead on the ground and 12 wounded. The wounded were left in the neighborhood. I am having made whether these men were part of Marmaduke's forces or military insurgents, in order to take the proper steps. At one time Mill Creek Bridge was set on fire, but was promptly extinguished by our men.

Very respectfully,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel N. P. CHIPMAN, Chief of Staff.

Numbers 3. Reports of Brigadier General John McNeil, U. S. Army, of action at Cape Girardeau and pursuit of Marmaduke.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, April 26, 1863-6 p. m.

GENERAL: I am attached by 8,000 men under Marmaduke. I have repulsed them this afternoon. Expect to be stormed to-morrow. Can you send me two regiments of infantry and a field battery, with supply of ammunition? Answer.

Respectfully,

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General ASBOTH,

Commanding Columbus, Ky.

APRIL 26, 1863.

Two steamers with re-enforcement from you have arrived. I have already put them in the field. The first of the enemy has been brilliant repulsed. He has ceased firing all arms, and now appears to be changing his position to attack our right flank. He will be well cared for in that direction. I have not yet used the gunboats, but am holding them in readiness. I think you may give yourself no concern about Cape Girardeau. Do me the favor to keep my family advised with the progress of events.

JOHN McNEIL.

Brigadier-General, Commanding Captain Girardeau.

Major-General CURTIS.

