HEADQUARTERS McNEIL'S BRIGADE,April 28, 1863-10.45 p. m.

GENERAL: The enemy are building rafts at the river, and will probably cross to-nigh or toward morning, unless we shell them from the ford. This than any now at the front. Can your rifled guns be forced up? Horses may be taken from the ranks, caissons lightened, and drivers urged to work up their guns and caissons.

With the artillery soon up, they are bagged. Please send to the rear to hurry up ammunition for Welfley's battery; it started from the Cape this morning.

I have the honor to be, general most obedient servant,

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General.

General VANDEVER.
HEADQUARTERS McNEIL'S BRIGADE,April 28, 1863-2. 30 p. m.

GENERAL: I have now halted the head of the column, in order to close up. Am taking fresh horses from the ranks, in order to keep Welfley's battery moving. The main army of the enemy in front, with eight pieces of artillery. They are inquiring for a road across the swamps. If I am fortunate in getting up my support, especially the light guns from your command, I shall cut them out of the center, and capture their artillery. The inclosed * was found torn up in a house this morning. We are entirely out of subsistence; please send us rapidly forward a share of the rations you received this morning. We are losing time waiting for support to our artillery.

JOHN McNEIL.

General VANDEVER.
HEADQUARTERS McNEIL'S BRIGADE,April 28, 1863-12 p. m.

GENERAL: Both columns of the enemy met at and encamped at this place last night (4 miles from White Water), and are now moving in our advance, in the direction of Bloomfield. Marmaduke is in command. They have destroyed the bridge over Crooked Creek between this point and Williams' Ferry, so as to impede your advance. I will move forward and engage them as soon as I can reach them. We cannot be more than five hours behind their rear guard. If you can hurry up some of your artillery, well supported, I shall have no doubt but the pursuit will be successful; but I must be strong enough to protect my flanks. Please answer by return of courier.

JOHN McNEIL,

[Brigadier-General.]

General VANDEVER.

FOURTEEN MILES FROM BLOOMFIELD,

May 1, 1863-6 a. m.

GENERAL: We are driving the enemy in front, and have peppered them from the howitzer battery. La Grange has discovered a small

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

