
duct and execution done the enemy. The First Wisconsin, always zealous to be first in the fight, did admirable service in every position in which it was placed. The First Nebraska, as you will see by the brigade report, again sustained its well-earned reputation. Captain [Charles P.] Meisner, up to the time of his wound, acting as chief of artillery, discharged his duties fully up to the mark as a brave and good soldier.

I would also mention the volunteer members of my staff, who were ready at all times to discharge any and every duty assigned them, Colonel W. R. Strachan, Lieutenant-Colonel Lee, Lieutenant F. R. Poole, and Lieutenant [Tolbert C.] Ankeny.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Brigadier General J. W. DAVIDSON,

Commanding District of Saint Louis.

Numbers 4. Reports of Captain Charles P. Meisner, Second Missouri Light Artillery, of action at Cape Girardeau and pursuit of Marmaduke.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., May 9, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to lay before you the report of the artillery in the action at Cape Girardeau, Mo., April 26, 1863.

On my arrival from Saint Louis, on Saturday night, April 25, 1863, I was appointed by you chief of artillery. I entered upon duty immediately, and consulted Lieutenant-Colonel Baumer, First Nebraska Infantry, about his position and courses of retreat, if needed. The position of artillery engaged was; Fort B, on a hill north of Jackson road, guarding same, 1,900 yards from where the Jackson road leads in to the woods, mounted with two 24-pounder barbettes and one 24-pounder siege gun. On a hill north of Fort B, guarding the Perryville road, were two 12-pounder howitzers, of Welfley's battery, stationed. On a hill southwest, of Welfley's battery, with two 12-pounder howitzers and two 12-pounder guns, protected by detachment of First Nebraska Infantry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Baumer. This position commands the Jackson and Bloomfield roads.

On the 26th of April, at 11 a. m., our pickets were driven in by the enemy on the Jackson road. As soon as the advance of the enemy came out of the woods, I opened fire on them with shell from Fort B. Lieutenant Jacoby, with his four pieces, followed; also the two howitzers north of Fort B; but these two being out of range, I stopped their firing. The enemy now planted four pieces of rifled 3-inch Parrott guns on the Jackson road, and opened fire on Fort B, without doing any harm. I now changed from shell to solid shot, and soon removed them, they moving southwardly toward the Bloomfield road. Now, about 12.30 p. m., Lieutenant-Colonel Baumer changed position to a hill north of his first position, and near the Jackson road, with two howitzers, under Lieutenant Jacoby, the two 12-pounder guns falling back on to Fort B. The enemy tried several times to flank us on the north, but as soon as they showed themselves they were driven back by the guns of Fort B and

