
that he intended making the charge at that particular time. He had charged by us in the same manner before.

These facts are well known by Captain Thompson, who was aiding me in command of the regiment, Adjutant Donnell, and other officers of the regiment.

Will you be kind enough to set this matter right?

Truly, yours,

J. W. CALDWELL,

Major, Commanding Detachment First Iowa Cavalry.

LUCIEN J. BARNES,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Reports of Colonel Edwin Smart, Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry, of skirmish at Patterson.

PILOT KNOB, April 21, 1863.

GENERAL: I could not communicate with you yesterday; the line was cut as soon as the engagement began, which was 6 miles from my post. I had a scout out on Black River, who found the enemy early yesterday morning, but they succeeded in cutting them off so that they could not communicate with me. The number of the enemy was between 1,500 and 3,000. I think they had six pieces of artillery. I could not ascertain who command the enemy. The attack began about 12 o'clock on Reeves' Station road, with a scout I had sent our in that direction. I then sent Major [Richard G.] Woodson on to re-enforce with a battalion, who held them in check, and skirmished them into town. This gave me time to load my train, and have it ready to move if I had to retreat. Before I left the town I destroyed what stores I could not bring away. Nothing fell into the hands of the enemy. The fight continued to Big Creek, about 8 miles this side of Patterson. The engagement was severe in the extreme. After fighting hand to hand at Big Creek, they had got in my front and attempted to cut off my retreat, but I forced my way and formed on this side the creek. But the enemy did not renew. My loss in killed, wounded, and missing in the action was about 50. I had scouts on the Van Buren, Greenwood Valley, and Bush Creek roads; also on the Reeves' Station road, which I hear from. I will send you an official report as soon as I can learn all the details. Major [Henry L.] McConnel* was wounded and fell into the hands of the enemy. I think his wound was mortal. My regiment fell back in good order, and are now together, except the scouts above mentioned.

I had about 400 men in the engagement.

EDWIN SMART,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Brigadier General J. W. DAVIDSON.
HDQRS. THIRD MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAVALRY,Pilot Knob, May 9, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of an engagement near Patterson, Mo., on the 20th day of April, 1863, between

---------------

* Major McConnel resigned July 3, 1863.

---------------

