
eral Vandever's column. There the column halted. Myself and a small party pushed forward to the bridge across White Water, about 1 1\2 miles distant, and found the last span destroyed, the stringers being cut, the plank thrown in the river, and the up-stream post on the last bent cut in such a manner as to render it useless. To my great surprise, no further progress was made that day, our forces being ordered into camp at 6 p. m., with a demoralized and flying enemy only one hour ahead of us.

I left camp the next morning at 7.10 o'clock, at which time our forces had not yet pushed forward; and feeling convinced that so tardy a pursuit would certainly be a vain one, I returned to this post with all dispatch, knowing my services were needed here.

I would respectfully state that the enemy were confident of carrying and holding Cape Girardeau; that their battle cry was, "Hurrah now for McNeil!" and that, in their conversations with the peaceful citizens, they asked if Fayetteville had been attacked, stating that place and the Cape were to be struck the same time, and that on Sunday, 3rd of May next, Price, with 30,000 men, would attack Jefferson City, after which the forces at the Cape and that place were to make a combined attack on Saint Louis.

I refrain from giving you the particulars of the battle or the losses on either side, as competent authority will soon furnish the official report either side, as competent authority will soon furnish the official report.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGTON,

Colonel 1st Regiment Nebraska Vol. Infty., Commanding Post, Saint Louis, Mo.

Captain H. C. FILLEBROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Saint Louis, Mo.

[Inclosure A.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Numbers 91. Saint Louis, Mo., April 25, 1863.

* * * *

XVIII. Colonel R. R. Livingston, First Nebraska Infantry Volunteers, will proceed to Cape Girardeau, Mo. He will take command of all troops going down to that point. Upon his arrival he will turn over the troops to the command of Brigadier General John McNeil.

By order of Brigadier-General Davidson;

HENRY C. FILLEBROWN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 9. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel William Baumer, First Nebraska Infantry, of action at Cape Girardeau and pursuit of Marmaduke.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, April 28, 1863.

SIR: The undersigned respectfully submits to you the special description of the [part the] party under his command performed when attacked by the enemy on Cape Girardeau.

On the morning of the 24th of April, news came in from the scouts that the enemy was approaching this place with a force of about 8,000 men. The garrison of this place consisted then of about 350 men of the First Nebraska Infantry, two field pieces of Welfley's battery, one company of First Wisconsin Cavalry, Captain [George O.] Clinton, and Captain Meisner's artillery, Battery D, Second Missouri Artillery.

