
night, ready to engage the enemy at any time. Meantime re-enforcements came up, and the rebels fell back faster than they came up. Every officer and man under my command behaved as soldiers, and displayed great courage and bravery. Every order was executed promptly, each officer and soldier discharging his duty; otherwise it would have been impossible for so small number of men to repulse an enemy with such great odds. In the first place, we had possession of a ground with the facility to assist one party through the other, and then the men had the determination not to give up the place, and would have died in fulling their duties before surrendering. Specially I would mention the name of Captain Majors, whose horse was shot from under him, whilst in command of the five companies in the central position; then Captain Ribble, who was first engaged with his company as skirmishers, and showed great bravery; also Captain Weatherwax, who had position on the Perryville road, from where the first shot was fired; also Lieutenant [Francis A.] McDonald, acting adjutant; quartermaster, Lieutenant [Charles] Thompson, Lieutenant Moore, and Sergeant Gillespie, who assisted me greatly in carrying orders and reports to the most dangerous places of the field. The battery (Welfley's), command by Lieutenant Jacoby, assisted by Lieutenant Stauber, deserve praise for their skill and coolness in firing and rapidity in their movements.

List of killed and wounded: Killed, 3; wounded, 7.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM BAUMER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding First Nebraska Infantry.

Captain WILLIAM R. STRACHAN,

Chief of Staff, Cape Girardeau, Mo.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST NEBRASKA INFANTRY,Cape Girardeau, Mo., May 9, 1863.

SIR: The undersigned respectfully submits to you the following report of the march of the First Regiment Nebraska Infantry, ordered by General Vandever;

Marching orders received at regimental headquarters in the evening of the 28th of April, with information that the enemy were surrounded near Castor River, and to take three days' provisions and full supplies of ammunition, and to move on in forced marches. According to orders received, I started on the morning of 29th of April, at 5 o'clock, with all men of the regiment except those on extra and detached duty, the whole force amounting to 270 active soldiers. All regimental wagons and teams were ordered to accompany the regiment, and by this arrangement one-third of the men could ride at a time. The regiment encamped at Lakeville; marched at 2 o'clock in the morning; arrived at Castor River, crossed over, and marched as advance guard of column to Bloomfield, and arrived there at 10 o'clock in the morning on the 30th of April. In the afternoon, the regiment received orders to prepare for a night's march. The regiment started at 7 p. m.; marched until 3 a. m.; rested for one hour; continued the march and engaged the enemy's rear guard at 5 a. m.; supporting Welfleys' battery. The enemy retreating, were followed up by the regiment, and several took place during the day of the 1st of May. In the evening, 3 miles from Saint Francis River, the regiment was ordered to the front to ascertain the enemy's position. Their position was soon discovered by the scouts of the First Nebraska Infantry, mounted on cavalry horses furnished from the cav-

