
alry on the field. The next day, May 2, the regiment marched as advance guard to the Saint Francis River. No artillery being up, we had to await their arrival before engaging the enemy. Four companies as advance were placed as line of skirmishers on the right of the main river road. Five companies, commanded by Captain Majors, were placed on the extreme left flank, a portion deployed as skirmishers. After the artillery firing and some sharpshooting, the order was received to march back to Bloomfield, which place the regiment reached on the evening of the 3rd of May. From there orders were received to march to Cape Girardeau, Mo. Marched at 1 o'clock, May 4; arrived at Cape Girardeau at 4 p. m., May 5.

The soldiers of the First Nebraska Infantry, within seven days, marched 190 miles; were engaged with the enemy for fourteen hours; had only three days' rations for seven days; lost 2 men wounded, and had only 1 man on the sick report upon its arrival in camp.

They deserve the greatest praise for the willingness with which all the hardships were endured.

I am, respectfully, yours, truly,

WILLIAM BAUMER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding First Nebraska Infantry.

Captain WILLIAM R. STRACHAN,

Chief of Staff, Cape Girardeau, Mo.

Numbers 10. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John F. Benjamin, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry, of action at Cape Girardeau and pursuit of Marmaduke.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, May 9, 1863.

GENERAL: The following is my report of the parts this regiment took in the battle at this place on the 26th ultimo, and its subsequent march in pursuit of the enemy to Bloomfield, where it was assigned to the brigade of Colonel [O. H.] La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry:

At the time of the attack on this city, I occupied a position in front of and to the left of Fort C, the right resting on the Bloomfield road, the point where it was supposed the main force of the enemy would be concentrated; but as no demonstration was made upon this part of the town, we were at no time exposed to the enemy's fire. During the fight, however, Captain [Perry D.] McClanahan, Company C, with the two small howitzers attached to this regiment, was ordered to take position about midway between the Bloomfield and Jackson roads, supported by his company, from which he completely silenced the opposing artillery after firing a few rounds. After the retreat of the enemy, Major [H. M.]

Hiller, with three companies of the First Battalion and the howitzers was ordered to reconnoiter on the Jackson road, when, after following 5 miles, he found the enemy too strongly posted to be successfully assailed with his small force, and night coming on, he returned.

On the following day, at 1 p. m., all the available part of the regiment joined the other forces that left here in pursuit of the enemy on the Bloomfield road, traveling that day to near the White Water without coming up with them. The bridge over that stream having been destroyed, we encamped for the night.

The bridge being sufficiently repaired by 10 a. m. the next day, I was ordered to the front and to pursue vigorously. A few miles brought us

