
The entire march has been arduous in the extreme, taxing the energy, endurance, and bravery of officers, and men to the fullest extent. Every duty has been performed with readiness and alacrity, and I feel it incumbent on me to move back with moderation, so as not to impair the efficiency of the heroic little army which I have the honor to command.

From the Cape I will endeavor to make a more detailed report. Herewith I send a full list of casualties.

In regard to the enemy's loss, I can only say that it must have been large. In one place, after a gallant charge made by Colonel Glover, with the Third Missouri Volunteer Cavalry, there were 19 of the enemy's dead piled together.

The engagement at Chalk Bluff, on the morning of the 2nd, was also disastrous to the enemy, as at one time I played upon him with ten pieces of artillery, before he could get out of the bottom of the opposite side of the river.

On Sunday, the 26th ultimo, in the evening, I first struck the enemy, the First Iowa Cavalry charging his camp by moonlight, and, every day thereafter until the 2nd instant, we fought him as he ran.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. VANDEVER,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-General DAVIDSON,

Saint Louis, Mo.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Rolla, April 20, 1863.

General VANDEVER: [?]

GENERAL: Marmaduke is pushing on toward Pilot Knob, and at 9.30 this evening was within 16 miles of that place, with 4,000 men and six pieces of artillery.

General Curtis directs me to throw forward the cavalry to Centerville, and I have concluded to send you with the expedition. You will take all of your own cavalry, and I have ordered all of the cavalry in Third Division to report to you. Major Townsley's battalion, of First Missouri, will also join you in the morning. General Davidson is preparing to give them fight at Pilot Knob, and probably we can attack on the flank by way of Centreville.

Should you find anything like forage at Salem or beyond that place, I will move forward the remainder of both divisions at once to support you. You will take Foust's battery along. Let me know by return messenger how soon the cavalry can move. They should take fifteen days' rations, or as near it as possible. You had, probably, better see me before starting yourself.

Respectfully,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.

[SAINT LOUIS, MO.,] April 23, 1863.

General VANDEVER, Pilot Knob:

Dispatch received.* You have made a gallant march. Have your

---------------

* Of same date. See p. 271.

---------------

