
tions to pursue as rapidly as possible to the Castor. However, the enemy made good his escape over that river. Marched 26 miles.

April 29.- The crossing of Castor was successfully effected in the face of a strong rear guard of the enemy, and the advance of the command moved a few miles toward Bloomfield, skirmishing nearly all the way with the enemy and occasionally taking a few prisoners. The command did not all pass the river during the day, as it rose so as to be unfordable and one floating bridge had been away. Marched 8-miles, and captured Marmaduke's body-servant, Bill.

April 30.- Enough of the command having crossed the Castor, an advance was ordered, and the enemy was driven out of Bloomfield and the place occupied by our forces about noon. A command was organized from the most fresh troops to march at 9 p. m. under General McNeil, in pursuit of the enemy, who had taken the road to Chalk Bluff. There was still a faint hope that by pushing him hard he would be compelled to leave his artillery in our hands. Therefore the pursuit was continued, and nearly in May, after a way brilliant charges of his rear guard, Marmaduke was driven across the Saint Francis at Chalk Bluff and out of Missouri. In this pursuit and the attack on the enemy's rear, Colonel John M. Glover, Third Missouri Volunteer Cavalry, distinguished himself with his regiment.

Numbers 12. Reports of Brigadier General Alexander Asboth, U. S. Army, commanding at Columbus, Ky., of co-operation with McNeil.
HDQRS. SIXTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Columbus, Ky., April 26, 1863.

GENERAL: Lieutenant Livingston, aide-de-camp to Brigadier-General Montgomery, has just arrived from Cairo, and reports that heavy artillery firing commenced early this morning at Cape Girardeau, and has continued all day.

I would be glad to take the enemy in the rear, but my troops here are all provided with condemned arms, worthless in the field. The Bostona Numbers 2 is now at landing, with over 10,000 stand of good arms and ammunition, consigned to Captain J. P. Harper, Memphis. Can I take 3,000 stand and ammunition for my troops, and will you give your consent to the movement proposed?

I will, in anticipation, take steps immediately to secure transportation.

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Memphis, Tenn.,

MEMPHIS, April 26, 1863-11 p. m.

Brigadier General A. ASBOTH:

The commanding general directs that if you are sure there is a real attack, you will take 3,000 stand of arms and move up.

Respectfully,

HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

