HDQRS. SIXTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Columbus, April 28, 1863.-2.15 p. m.

GENERAL: Six companies of the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, Major Laugen commanding, left last evening for New Madrid, with orders to co-operate with the commander of that last. The rebels being repulsed from Cape Girardeau, I request that my troops sent yesterday morning may be immediately ordered back. An action is now going on in the direction of Charleston, the cannonading being very distinct. I hope my cavalry is at work, and I have ordered General Buford to inform General McNeil of their co-operation.

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis.

SAINT LOUIS, April 28, 1863.

General ASBOTH:

GENERAL: Your troops sent to Cape Girardeau have started back. Accept my thanks for this and other favors. Press the New Madrid movement. The rebels made a stand for several hours yesterday, but finally retired and retreated toward Bloomfield. There must be a pretty strong force.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 13. Report of Brigadier General J. S. Marmaduke, C. S. Army, commanding expedition.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,Jacksonport, Ark., May 20, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report, briefly, the movements of my division in the late expedition into Missouri.

My command consisted of the following brigades: Shelby's Missouri cavalry brigade, Greene's Missouri cavalry brigade, Carter's Texas cavalry brigade, and Burbridge's brigade, composed of Burbridge's Missouri cavalry regiment and Newton's Arkansas cavalry regiment. My whole strength was about 5,000 men, eight pieces of field artillery, and two light mountain pieces. Of this force about 12,000 were unarmed and 900 dismounted. Of those armed, the greater part had shot-guns; some were armed with Enfield rifles and Mississippi rifles, and some with common squirrel rifles. I carried with me the unarmed and dismounted men for two reasons: First, with the hope of arming and mounting them, and, second, knowing, from the great anxiety of all to go into Missouri, that, if that, if left behind, many would probably desert, I therefore deemed it most advisable them with me, hoping to be able to arm and mount them. I concentrated my division on Eleven Points River, and intended marching in the direction of Rolla, but found it impossible to do so. The country for at least 100 miles was without forage or subsistence, it having been destroyed to prevent raids or army movements. I then determined to march to the east of Ironton, capture the outpost (a regiment) at Patterson, and strike [John] McNeil, who was at Bloomfield, with a force I estimated to be about 2,000, cavalry, infantry, and artillery. I anticipated that McNeil, on hearing of my move, would make forced marches to reach Ironton before I could

