
The next day I crossed Current River at Van Buren, camping 22 miles south of Patterson, which place I reached the next evening, learning, however, that the garrison occupying the place had retreated, burning their quartermaster's and commissary stores. Lieutenant-Colonel [William J.] Preston, with three companies of my regiment, was here ordered to report to Colonel [George W.] Carter, commanding Texas brigade of cavalry, he having been sent to attack Brigadier-General [John] McNeil's forces at Bloomfield, Mo. This part of my command did no report to me again until our forces fell back from Cape Girardeau.

I again resumed the march from Patterson, moving in the direction of Fredericktown, and encamped, within 12 miles of that place, and entered the town next day at 12 o'clock, but found no enemy.

On the evening of the 25th, I received orders to move on the Cape Girardeau road, which I obeyed, passing through Jackson about day light. At 10 o'clock we reached the city and made preparations to attack it. By Colonel Shelby's order I formed my brigade in line of battle upon his right, occupying a position that completely protected my men from the artillery of the enemy, and at the same time placing me in supporting distance from his battery. An artillery duel of an hour and a half duration was here kept ut on either side, the enemy showering shot and shell upon us, but doing little execution on account of our protected position. My loss here was only 7 wounded, 2 dangerously. Lieutenant G. R. Gilmore, of Company D, and acting adjutant of Lieutenant-Colonel Preston's regiment, was slightly wounded in the ankle.

About 12 o'clock I received an order from Colonel Shelby to withdraw my force, it being Brigadier-General Marmaduke's intention to make only a demonstration, and not to assault the place. I then moved my command upon the Jackson road, and encamped about dark 4 miles beyond that place, upon the road leading to Dallas. Before I could post my pickets, and, in fact, before, I had fairly encamped, a company belonging to Colonel [R. S.] Newton's regiment, which had unaccountably encamped some 300 yards from the regiment, was attacked by the enemy and scattered. This company lost 6 men killed, wounded, and missing, and almost the whole of their horses. I immediately formed the brigade on foot, and awaited the approach of the enemy, whom I rightly conjectured to be in force, sending the train to Jackson. Colonel Preston was here ordered to dislodge a small force of the enemy posted on the road between my camp and Jackson, which was done without loss. Not being sufficiently acquainted with the country to attempt an advance upon the enemy his line 1 mile west of town, and Colonel Preston was ordered to form his line of battle near the junction of the Dallas and Fredericktown roads, and to resist any movement of the enemy from that quarter.

At 3 o'clock the next morning an order was received from Brigadier-General Marmaduke to withdraw my command to Jackson. I immediately did so, leaving, however, a picket force to cover my rear, which an hour after I had left was attacked and driven into town.

The march southward from Jackson for several days, as far as my command is concerned, presents nothing worthy of consideration. The enemy, however, were pressing our rear, and frequent skirmishes were engaged in, which, owing to the position the brigade occupied, were more frequently heard than engaged in. Once, however, the rear guard gave way and was forced back upon the command without giving sufficient warning of the approach of the enemy. This for a time

