
with shot and shell, but made no demonstrations with small-arms. Between midnight and daybreak my command was quietly withdrawn across the Saint Francis.

It is difficult to specify individual instances of merit when all have been so prompt. I will, however, say that all my staff have been faithful and efficient, and that Lieutenant-Colonels [B. W.] Watson and [D. C.] Giddings, Major Morgan, and Captain [J. H.] Piatt are deserving of special notice for gallantry an energy.

I am, major, very respectfully,

G. W. CARTER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major [HENRY] EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Marmaduke's Division.

Numbers 19. Report of Colonel Colton, Third Missouri Cavalry (Confederate), commanding brigade.
HDQRS. GREENE'S BRIGADE, MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,In the Field, near Pineville, Ark., May 15, 1863.

MAJOR: I would respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the late expedition into Missouri:

In compliance with your orders, I marched from Jackson, Ark., on April 17; crossed Eleven Points [River] on the same day; crossed Current River on the 19th instant [ultimo,] and reported to Colonel [George W.] Carter, commanding Texas brigade.

I resumed the march, after a halt of two hours, in rear of Carter's brigade, which position in column I occupied on the 19th, 20th, 21st, 22nd, and 23rd instant [ultimo], arriving at Patterson some hours after its captured on the 21st, moving on toward Greenville, crossing Saint Francis River at that place, crossing Mingo Swamp and River near its month, an reaching Bloomfield at midnight on the 22nd instant [ultimo], to learn that the enemy had retreated northward two days before.

After a halt of two hours, I again took up the line of march, reaching the main brigade od White Water River on the 23rd, which was picketed by the enemy and captured by Colonel Carter's advance.

On the 24th instant [ultimo], I was informed that we were in presence of the enemy in force, commanded by Brigadier-General [John] McNeil, and was ordered to the front, taking a circuitous route until I struck the main road 4 miles from Cape Girardeau. Here I was ordered to halt and went into position, remaining in line during the night.

One the morning of the 25th, heavy firing being heard on the left, I was ordered by Brigadier-General Marmaduke to throw forward Colonel [M. L.] Young's battalion, and follow with the command to the support of the left. Colonel Young formed twenty minutes before my arrival, and had 1 man wounded while in long range of the enemy. Arriving on the Jackson road, 2 or 3 miles from Cape Girardeau, I was ordered into line, and covered Colonel [Joseph O.] Shelby's retiring column. After changing position several times, I was ordered into position 2 miles to the rear, which I left half an hour afterward to take up the line of march to Jackson.

About 4 o'clock of the following morning I was ordered to mount and proceed back to the bridge on White Water, and hold it. This was effected by 11 o'clock, and I occupied the position until the rear guard came up, when I resumed the march, reaching Bloomfield in the evening of the 27th instant [ultimo].

