
On the 28th instant [ultimo], I took position across the Cape Girardeau and Kitchen's Mill road; lay on my arms all night, and was ordered to fall back early next morning 20 miles. Arriving to the rear of Four Mile, I was ordered to dismount my men, to swim the horses across the Saint Francis River, and to go into line. At 2 o'clock at night I was ordered to cross the Saint Francis i rear of the whole column, which was accomplished without loss. Arriving on the south side of the river, the campaign may be said to have ended.

It is impossible to state at this time exact number of my men who fell into the enemy's hands. Some were cut, off but are daily reporting. Not exceeding 5 have been reported captured.

I cannot avoid mentioning the good order and endurance of my command during these arduous marches. No case of cowardly straggling came under my observation, and the rigor of discipline and hardships of the field were alike borne with uncomplaining fortitude.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

COLTON GREENE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major HENRY EWING, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 20. Report of Asst. Surg. S. S. Harris, Jeffers' Missouri Regiment (Confederate).

JEFFERS' REGIMENT,

Camp near Wittsburg, Ark., May 27, 1863.

SIR: By your order, I was left with Drs. [John F.] Yancey and [J. F.] Brookheart in charge of our wounded after the withdrawal of our forces from Cape Girardeau.

Inclosed in a reported of our wounded.

Inclosed is a report of our wounded.

I asked permission of the Federal authorities to established our hospital in or near Cape Girardeau. The reports was not granted, and our wounded were removed to their post hospital. We were furnished with an escort to Bloomfield, to be sent through to our line from there. We reached bloomfield with the Federal forces, and were ordered to remain there until the excitement in front was over, We remained there until General McNeil's return from Chalk Bluff, when, instead of sending us to our command, he took us back with him to Cape Girardeau. After detaining us there for some four of five days, he started us to Little Rock, by way of Memphis and Helena. General McNeil alleged as a reason for his conduct toward us that demand for the surrender of cape Girardeau had been made by Colonel Carter, in the name of General Price, and that, therefore, he must consider us as belonging to General Price's command, and, from the best information he had, General Price's lines were at Little Rock; therefore, he should send us there. I asked for and received a copy of Colonel Carter's demand for surrender, which you will find inclosed. This subject, I know, is of but little consequence, and deserving, perhaps, of no further notice, but I thought it my duty to inform you of the facts.

On reaching Helena, General Prentiss permitted us, under a flag of truce, to come direct to our command. We reached our lines on the 20th instant.

Respectfully submitted.

S. S. HARRIS,

Assistant Surgeon, Jeffers' Regiment Missouri Cavalry.

Dr. C. PEYTON, Medial Director Marmaduke's Division.

