
hours' desperate fighting, they were completely routed, and retreated in disorder toward Ozark. General Cabell commanded in person, assisted by Colonel Scott, of the Virginia Black Horse Cavalry Monroe, Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson, Major Dorsey, and others. Their artillery was silenced at 9 p. m. by two companies of the First Arkansas Cavalry, and a brilliant cavalry charge under Colonel Monroe was repulsed in the center of the town by our cavalry and infantry. Our stores are all safe; not a thing burned or taken from us.

Our loss in 5 killed, about 17 wounded, and few stragglers and pickets taken prisoners. The enemy's loss is estimated at 20 killed and 50 wounded, which does not include those taken off on their retreat. Every officer and man in my command was a here; no one flinched.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Fayetteville.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Fayetteville, Ark., April 19, 1863.

GENERAL: The following report of the battle of yesterday at Fayetteville is respectfully submitted, in addition to the telegraphic dispatches of last evening:

On Friday, 17th instant, a scout under command of Lieutenant [Joseph S.] Robb, First Arkansas Cavalry, returned from the direction of Ozark, and reported no apparent preparation of the enemy to move in this direction. Having no fresh horses, I ordered Lieutenant Robb to take his command to quarters, expecting to be able to send out a small scout again on the next day. On Saturday morning, 18th instant, at a few minutes after sunrise, the enemy having made a forced march from the Boston Mountains during the night, surprised and captured our dismounted picket on the Frog Bayou, and approached the town with wild and deafening shouts. Their cavalry charged up a deep ravine on the east side of the city, and attacked my headquarters (the Colonel Tibbetts place). The firing of the picket had alarmed the command, and the by the time the enemy had reached the town, the First Arkansas Infantry had formed on their parade ground, under command of Lieutenant Colonel E. J. Searle, assisted by Major E. D. Ham, and slowly retired, by my orders, toward the cavalry, then formed, dismounted, at their camp. Fearing that, not being uniformed,they might be mistaken for the enemy, and be fired upon the cavalry, I ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Searle to post seven companies as a reserve in a sheltered position in our rear, two of which were afterward ordered to support the left wing. The remaining three companies of the First Infantry, together with four companies of the First Cavalry, formed the center of our line under my own immediate command. The right wing was composed of the Third Battalion First Cavalry, under command of Major Ezra Fitch; and the left wing, Second Battalion First Arkansas Cavalry, was commanded by Lieutenant Colonel A. W. Bishop, assisted by Major T. J. Hunt. Headquarters was made the "bore of contention," and was repeatedly charged by the rebels, but they were gallantry repulsed by our men. In less than thirty minutes after the first attack, the enemy planted two pieces of artillery, one 12-pounder and one 6-pounder, upon the hillside east of town, near Colonel Gunter's place, and opened a sharp fire of canister and shells upon the camp of the First Arkansas Cavalry, doing some damage to tents and horses, but killing no men. at 8

