
Ran away disgracefully to Cassville, Mo., First Lieutenant C. C. Wells, regimental quartermaster First Arkansas Infantry. * Missing, 35, mostly stampeded toward Cassville during the engagement. Prisoners, 1 lieutenant and 8 men, First Arkansas Cavalry, taken while absent without leave at a dance, 9 miles from town; also 1 private First Arkansas Infantry, and 6 privates from other commands, taken in town.

The enemy's loss is not accurately known. At and about this post are not less than 20 killed and 50 wounded. Citizens report 1 colonel and several men as having died on the retreat; also a large number of wounded still moving or with the command. We captured, during the engagements, Major Wilson, General Cabell's commissary, wounded, and Captain Jefferson, of Carroll's regiment, wounded; also 4 sergeants, 3 corporals, and 46 privates, a part of them wounded; also not less than 50 horses and 100 stand of arms, mostly shot-guns. Among their killed are Captain hubbard, of Carroll's regiment, and a captain of bushwhackers. The enemy admit the loss of over 200 horses, killed, taken, and stampeded.

Inclosed please find a rough sketch of the position of forces at 9 a. m., when the battle culminated.+

Every field and line officer and nearly every enlisted man fought bravely, and I would not wish to be considered as disparaging any one when I can mention only a few of the many heroic men who sustained so nobly the honor of our flag. Lieutenant-Colonel Searle and Major Ham, in command of the reserve, did good service in keeping their men in position and preventing them from being terrified by the artillery. Lieutenant-Colonel Bishop Majors Fitch and Hunt, f the First Cavalry, led their men coolly up in the face of the enemy's fire, and drove them from their position. Captain William S. Johnson, company M, First Arkansas Cavalry, had his right arm shattered while leading him men forward under a galling fire. Lieutenant [James] Roseman, post adjutant, and Lieutenant frank Strong, acting adjutant First Cavalry deserve much praise.

I remain, general, your most obedient servant,

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel First Arkansas Cavalry, Commanding.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.

P. S.-We had actively engaged during the battle between 300 and 400 men only. I should not neglect also to mention that S. D. Carpenter, assistant surgeon of volunteers, assisted by Assistant Surgeons Caffe, Drake, and Tefft, were actively engaged during the contest in carrying the wounded from the field and attending to their wants.

