
that you will suffer him to get up the dead and wounded, and that you will extend to him such assistance as may be necessary to enable him to carry our his instructions.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. CABELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Northwestern Arkansas.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Fayetteville, Ark., April 19, 1863.

Brigadier General W. L. CABELL, Commanding:

GENERAL: In reply to dispatches from you by hand of Captain Alexander, bearing flag of truce, I would respectfully state that the dead of your command have all been decently buried in coffins. The wounded are in charge of Surgeons Russell and Holden [?], having been removed to our general hospital my order. They are receiving every attention that men can receive-abundance of medicines, surgical instruments, and subsistence stores having been placed under the control of your surgeons. Rest assured, general, that your wounded shall receive the best of care, such as we would hope to have from you were we placed in like situation. Under the circumstances I consider it unnecessary to retain your flag, and therefore return it. Your prisoners shall be paroled, and as fast as the men whose names are mentioned in your list report to our lines, the exchange will be made.

I am, general, very truly, yours,

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,April 19, 1863.

Colonel M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Commanding at fayetteville:

I must congratulate you on the success of yesterday. It augurs well for the future of Arkansas when her loyal troops have beaten the enemy in their first encounter. Such success should encourage us, and I hope soon to see 10,000 loyal men of Arkansas arrayed on the side of the Union. You have nobly sustained yourselves, and deserve a country's gratitude.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS POST, Numbers 16. Fayetteville, Ark., April 19, 1863.

COMRADES IN ARMS: Let April 18, 1863, be ever remembered. The battle of Fayetteville has been fought and won. To-day the brave and victorious sons of Arkansas stand proudly upon the soil which their blood and their bravery have rendered sacred to every true-hearted American, but doubly sacred to them., In the light of this holy Sabbath sun we are permitted, through God's mercy, to gather together in His name and in the of our common country, to offer up our heartfelt thanks to the "Giver of every good and perfect gift," for the triumphs of our arms and for the blessings which we this day enjoy.

When yesterday's sun rose upon us the hostile hordes of a bitter and unprincipled foe were pouring their deadly force among our ranks; the booming of his artillery was re-echoing from mountain to mountain, and the clattering hoofs of his cavalry were trampling in our streets.

