
twelve companies, 800; one infantry regiment, ten companies 600; one battalion, seven companies, 300; artillery, one company, 150 making their total force 1,850. Besides these, they had a re-enforcement of four squadrons of cavalry, which had evidently escorted a train of wagons from Springfield, loaded principally with new uniform clothing. They were from the Second and Eleventh Kansas, Twenty-seventh Wisconsin, and Thirty-seventh Illinois, as will be sent from the inclosed list of prisoners captured and paroled.

Although I did not capture Fayetteville and drive the enemy out from it, yet my expedition will prove to be a beneficial one, as in future curb the lawlessness of the troops there; will cause them to send all their regular troops east, and it will keep the place in that condition in reference to number that will enable me, with a small increase of my force and with few hundred long-range guns, to take the place. Besides this, I have obtained information that cannot be obtained from any ordered source, as it is impossible to get correct information from people living there. Our friends are all too anxious to rid the country of their presence to stat things as they really are. I find this to be in every respect but in reference to artillery. Our enemies (Union men) will give no information at all, either in reference to the enemy or country. The whole country north of the mountains is almost devastated, and but few people are to be seen, great majority of them having abandoned their homes and gone north. A train of at least 100 wagons left Fayetteville a few days ago filled with Union families. A few Southern families live on the road, but they are stripped of everything; all their horses, cattle, and hogs taken from them; their wheat crops destroyed, and nothing to indicate preparation for another crop. When I got into the neighborhood of Fayetteville, I found houses where they were farming, and where cattle and horses could be seen.

Knowing that our good citizens had burdens imposed on them by the Federal troops too grievous to be borne much longer; that it was necessary for me to visit that section of the country, and having been appealed to by citizens, both male and female, to given them assistance, I determined that I would strike there the very first time that I saw the least hope, whether I succeeded in taking the place or not. As soon, there fore, as I learned that Phillips was moving around with his Indian brigade to flank General Steele, and, having consulted with General Steele, who agreed with me (and desired that a dash should be made at Fayetteville, if nothing more) that it was necessary, and, having heard that they were getting their wagons ready (which proved to be false) to reenforce Phillips, besides being without forage (nothing to feed my horse) I determined to make a bold dash at that den of thieves, and, if possible, to take it. Although I did not take it, I will be ready in a few days with more troops and to strike a heavier blow again.

I regret to say that I lost a good many horses. The enemy's sharpshooters killed a good many with their long-range guns, and a few men left in charge of the horses evidently deserted them. Besides this, I had too many inefficient officers and not enough long-range guns. Had I had 500 long-range guns, with good cartridges, I could have taken the place in an hour. As it was, I could not advance my battery, as I had nothing to cover them with, as the enemy's guns were equal in range to the artillery. The Arkadelphia rifles, with the cartridges sent for them, are no better than shot-guns. I must, therefore, again appeal to the lieutenant-general commanding for a regiment of infantry and a number of rifled guns, as this sections of the country should be protected.

The officers and men, with a few exceptions, acted well. Colonel

