
Monroe and his whole regiment deserve particular mention. Colonels Scott, [S. M.] Noble, Thomson, and Major Dorsey acted with great gallantry. Captain [J. Fen.] Rieff, Lieutenant [J. A.] Ferguson, Captain [T. P.] Jefferson, and Private [W. C.] Sublett, of Rieff's company, deserve to be particularly mentioned. My staff officers, Lieutenant [B. J.] Field, Surgeon [J. H.] Carroll, Major [H. G.] Wilson (commissary), Captain [J.] Crawford (quartermaster), and Lieutenant Roberts, acted with great gallantry, and rendered every possible assistance. Major Wilson was, I am sorry to say, badly wounded.

I sent an officer back with a flag of truce to have the wounded properly cared for, and left surgeons to attend to them.

I withdrew with the hope that they would follow me, and fell back slowly, hoping that I could get them out of the houses and rifle,-pits, as I could have whipped them badly. They did not follow, nor evince any desire to do so. I came leisurely back to this place, in good order, to feed my horses, that had but one day's forage since the morning of the 16th, and also to them shod and allow them a few days' rest, the distance marched, over mountains, rocks, &amp;c., being nearly 150 miles.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. CABELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Northwestern Arkansas.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Adjutant-General, District of Arkansas.

APRIL 18-21, 1863.-Scout from Salem to Sinking Creek, Current River, and Big Creek, Mo.

Report of Captain Peter Ostermayer, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT FIFTH MO. STATE MILITIA CAV.,Salem, Mo., April 22, 1863.

GENERAL: I herewith beg leave to remit the following report of a scout through Shannon County, on Current River, and Brig Creek:

Lieutenant [Augustus] Benz, of Company C, with 40 men of his company, went out last Friday, the 18th instant, to Sinking Creek, Current River, and Big Creek, as far as about 10 miles on the other side of Eminence. He found five of their general camping places; chased some of the guerrillas; killed 1, captured 2.

On returning last Monday, captured, on Current River, after a hard chase. Private Charles Burch, of Captain Magoffin's company (B), Steen's regiment, Fourth Brigade, Hindman's division, who was on recruiting service, in possession of a recruiting commission issued by General M. M. Parsons; also Augustus Dow, from Saint Louis, formerly in the same regiment, but since resigned, now carrier of secesh miles, and found in possession of a splendid secesh flag and a lot of letters. The rebel mail, as well as the flag, will be handed to you by Lieutenant Charles Koch, who will give you also full particulars. I hold the prisoners in jail in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 15, from your headquarters, dated march 31, 1862, awaiting the appointment of a military commission.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER OSTERMAYER,

Captain, Commanding at Salem.

Brigadier-General DAVIES,

Commanding Rolla District, Rolla, Mo

