
Stand Watie's command near Webber's Falls; routed and broke them up, killing a number and taking prisoners; took the equipage, &amp;c., that they had. Lost 2 killed.

Report to announce the death of Dr. Gillpatrick, who was basely slain by a small force of the dispersed rebels that came out of the cane. Dr. Gillpatrick had gone to dress the wounds of a rebel soldier.

By a proclamation issued, the rebel cherokee Legislature was to meet on the 25th, at Webber's Falls. Prevented, nd dispersed with the rebel forces.

General Cooper has his adjutant, under flag of truce, to negotiate for exchange of prisoners.

Sent a heavy scout, with howitzers, under Major Foreman, to scout the Lee's Creek road and up toward Fayetteville, to watch toward Van Buren, and to prevent any force moving up east of this until Colonel Harrison moves.

Respectfully,

WM. A. PHILLIPS.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Saint Louis, Mo.

(Received May 9, 1863.)

GENERAL: Ascertained that the rebel loss at Webber's Falls was much heavier then first reported. Two rebel captains killed. Crossed the Arkansas River 30 miles below Gibson, after the fight, and marched toward Evansville, where the rebel force was said to be. Rebels had precipitately retreated to Fort Smith on the news of Webber's Falls affair. Got dispatches. Learned of the evacuation of Fayetteville. Under your orders, demolished the works at Hildebrand's Mill, and have concentrated the force at Gibson. Here I have strong work which cannot be taken by any force of artillery the enemy can bring to bear on it. It is on a commanding hill, with rear bluffs, on Grand River; water from river within lines; incloses 15 acres; defensible now, but needs much more work-a line of works, with angles and facings, over 1 mile in length, built by Indian soldiers. My rear is up General River Valley. The enemy has n to transportation, and cannot subsist here so as to give a long siege. If hard pressed,. I can retreat northwest, carrying a pursuing foe through a desolate country, where he might be taken in the flank.

I do not think the enemy can menace we with a heavy force for two of three weeks yet. It would be ruinous to the Government cause, as well as to these people, to abandon the country. As my orders permit me to remain, I shall maintain my ground at all hazards. I can send out heavy scouts of mounted men to strike the enemy in front and guard my rear from cavalry scouts, and hold the work with the remainder.

I shall strike wherever I can, as the best defense. The enemy was a good deal dispirited and demoralized by Webber's Falls, and if I can strike them again, I can keep them south of the Arkansas River until the army moves.

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel.

Major-General CURTIS.

