HEADQUARTERS,Fort Gibson, Ind. t., May 9, 1863.

SIR: For fear of accident to my last dispatches, I recapitulate briefly.

On the 25th ultimo we marched across the river and routed the enemy at Webber's Falls after a 30 miles' night march, besides fording the river.

After the fight was over, Dr. Gillpatrick, I regret to say, was killed (assassinated) while going to dress the wounds of a rebel soldier. His loss is a heavy one, as I trusted much in his judgment and fearless activity.

I sent 800 men and three guns into Arkansas, under Colonel [Frederick W.] Schaurte and Major Foreman. Those of the enemy on this side had fled over the river after the affair at Webber's Falls. They burned up the boats from here to Van Buren.

Colonel [R. P.] Crump, of Texas, with a command of Texas, arrived at Fort Smith last Friday.

Cooper and Steele and doing all they can to organize the Indian rebel forces.

I recrossed the river at Webber's Falls while was deep fording, and rising rapidly; since then past all fording. Good boating stage at this point.

Have heard nothing of Colonel Harrison since he left Fayetteville. My army is suffering for bread. I have been able to issue none to the people since the last train came. The agent has done nothing for them. He consumed the stock in hand I had accumulated from Arkansas before I moved in, making me depend on the trains. it seems impossible to get supplies promptly from Fort Scott, or sufficient quantities.

A very fine fortification (earthwork) has been thrown up on the hill just above and close to Fort Gibson. The lines of works are about 1/4 miles long.

The Indian soldiers have worked splendidly. I had about every man on duty, either working or scouting.

the fort could not be taken by 20,000 men, garrisoned by this command. It rests on the bluff close to Grand River, affording ample water, and I have four ferry-boats under it lee.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major-General BLUNT.

MAY 1, 1863.-Skirmish at La Grange, Ark.

Report of Captain J. Q. A. De Huff, Third Iowa Cavalry.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that yesterday morning, in pursuance of the orders of my commanding officers, I reported with 160 men of this regiment to General Gorman for instructions, and by him was directed to proceed to the neighborhood of La Grange and endeavor to learn the movement, if any, of the enemy. General Gorman himself accompanied my command beyond the pickets of the new Saint Francis

