
road, as far as Mrs. Turner'plantation. I left him at about 9.30 a. m., and proceeded toward La Grange, keeping my advance guard in view, and with flanking parties on either hand. In this manner I had approached within a mile of the town of La Grange, along the main road when my advance guard came upon the enemy, posted, on foot, in the woods no either side of the road, to the number, as I soon learned, of at least 300. I deployed my columns in squadrons to the right and left, and commenced a virginia attack upon the enemy. My men behaved with great coolness, and their fire soon caused their lines in our front to waver. The fire on my front had been in successive volleys, but was now perceptibly slacking.

At this juncture, and at the moment I was about to charge in line, another force of at least 300 of the enemy, mounted, fell upon my rear and right flank, the enemy charging and delivering their fire by platoons.

This movement threw my force, now so greatly outnumbered, into some confusion, and the enemy rallied again on my front. My force had expended their revolvers, and most of their carbine fire, and it became evident that I must retire or be completely overwhelmed. I got my men into column, and directed them to the left, falling back through the timber a distance of some 3 miles.

The enemy pursued with vigor, but were kept in fear of too near approach by the firing of the reloaded carbines of my rear guard. Some of my men were of the reloaded carbines of my rear guard. Some of my men were also able to reload their revolvers and discharge them at the enemy.

Making a circuit, I again came to the La Grange road, to the rear of the place of attack about 4 miles. My men had become somewhat scattered, and on coming into the La Grange road I retired toward Helena, until re-enforced by the remainder of the regiment and the Fifth Kansas Cavalry. We them advanced to the place of conflict, and found that the enemy had fled, taking with them their dead and wounded.

The loss on our side was killed, 8 wounded, and 30 missing, probably take prisoners; total, 41.

Among the wounded are Regimental Adjt. Glenn Lowe and Second Lieutenant Cornelus A. Stanton, Company I. A list of the names of the names of the officers and men killed, wounded, and missing accompanies this report.

My advance guard, 29 men of Company D, under command of Lieutenant [William C.] Niblack, deserve particular notice for the manly stand they made against the against the enemy, whose hottest fire they withstood with the most determined bravery. Lieutenant Stanton was at the head of the column, and fearlessly assailed the enemy with his command, Company I. He was wounded in his left arm, very severely early in the engagement, and from the loss of blood was compelled to retire from the field. Adjt. Glenn Lowe was also at the head of the column, and throughout this uneven contest, displayed a heroism of unusual character. His horse was shot from under him as soon as he came up with the enemy. He at once mounted another, and as the attack in the rear commenced, he drew his saber and encouraged our men with his voice. At this time he was shot though the ankle and afterward fell into the hands of the enemy, who treated him with kindness, and left him at a neighboring house without paroling him.

Sergeant Breeding, Company A, and Corporal Birdsall, Company B attacked a party of the enemy who had 5 prisoners, and, killing 2 of them, released our men, who thus escaped.

Many minor skirmishes took place during our retreat, in all of which

