
a continual resistance was made with fatal effect to the enemy. I do not desire to give particular praise when all did as well as men could do against such odds, and I have only to regret my force was not greater. With the valor of my men I am satisfied. The loss inflicted upon the enemy was not less than 40 men killed and wounded. Many of their deal were seen upon the field.

J. Q. A. DE HUFF,

Captain Company B, Commanding.

Colonel CYRUS BUSSEY,

Commanding second Cavalry Division, Army of the Tennessee.

MAY 3-11, 1863.-Scout in Cass and Bates Counties, Mo.

Report of Colonel Edward Lynde, Ninth Kansas Cavalry.

PAOLA, May 11, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, on the 3rd instant, I left camp with small detachments from Companies A, D, E, F, and K, of this regiment, for a scout in Cass and Bates Counties, Missouri. I scoured Cass Country and found no enemy; then turned into Bates County, and when about 10 miles north of Butler received your letter of instructions dated Forth, - -, 1863; also your letter dated Fort Leavenworth, may 5, directing Company D, Captain [Charles F.] Coleman, to move his company from Rockville to Butler, Mo., which was immediately complied with. I moved on to the Osage, intending to cross to Hog Island, but found the river too high, and did not cross; then turned east, and in the morning of the 8th, on Double Branches found a gang of bushwhackers, under Jackman and Marchbanks, Quantrill having left on the night of the 6th instant for Henry County, Missouri, with 40 men. We found Jackman and Marchbanks with about 20 men, who fled by ones and twos, and then escaped, except 7, who were reported killed by my soldiers. I found country rapidly filling up by bushwhacker's families, who are returning from the South under the impression that Price is coming up, and had again taken possession, with their stock. This stream, called the Double branches, is their rendezvous, and has been since the outbreak of this rebellion; but four loyal families live on it, and they are doubtful. About fifty or sixty families inhabit that country bordering on that stream. I notified them to leave and go south of the Arkansas River. A great part of them positively refused. I burned eleven houses, inhabited by bushwhackers' families and drove off all the stock except that belonging to the reported loyal persons. We broke up four camps of bushwhackers and pursued them to the eastern side of Bates County. I think for the present no danger need be apprehended from that quarter. I will keep a close watch, for I am satisfied they intend to organize a force somewhere in that country; I think in Henry County.

The stock we took consist of a few yoke of oxen, mares and colts, young horses one and two years old, cows and calves, and young cattle; in all about 350 head; also about 300 sheep. I believe it all to be property of bushwhackers and rebel sympathizer. In view of the fact that pasture is scarce at Kansas City and plenty here, and the stock the kind our Kansas farmers would like to buy, and some of it may be proved away, I most respectfully ask for an order that will authorize the sale of it at this place.

Permit me to ask the question, How am I to send the rebel sympathizer

