
and female rebels, who are plentiful where I have been for the last ten days, south of the Arkansas River, particularly those who have no way to go and those refuse to go? I can see no way except to gather them all up and send them in Government train, and reimburse the Government by selling their stock.

Company C, Captain [John E.] Stewart, has not yet reported at Olathe. Scouting parties are constantly moving from the different counties. Can I have your consent to go into the counties of Henry and Saline on our next scout, if I find no enemy in the border counties, of if they run into those counties?

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. LYNDE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain H. G. LORING,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 4, 1863.-Operations about Lexington, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Walter King, Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS, Lexington, May 5, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that Captain Morris returned last evening from the Wellington neighborhood, bringing 27 prisoners, and having in other respects carried out orders (copy sent you yesterday). Another officer goes into that section to-day with similar orders. On the last night the same four thieves visited Wellington, and robbed the post-office and cut the telegraph wire.

As I finished the foregoing sentence, your letter of the 3rd was handed me.

I have no information or belief that the party in Wellington exceeded 4 or 6. I do not think that there were any guerrillas outside the town. The 4 or 5 who were at the boat would have robbed it, but were restrained by the earnest representations of one Chancellor, a resident, who told them what certain fate would overtake the people of that place if they did harm to that boat. They accordingly desisted by sending one man up the stairway for a can of whisky and some cigars, &amp;c., which I expect was in the way of a treat for their desisting. "Fifty of sixty" are liable to come there at any time Quantrill's old grounds, on the Blue; but there are no reasons to believe other than I have how stated. I have talked with 4 or 5 men who saw the party that night, and some as late as an hour after sunrise next day. There were 4 of them. They went into the Upper Missouri Bottom that night; were seen with cigars and lemons about daybreak at Totetes, above Wellington, and an hour by sun they were seen on the Lone Jack, going south. I have farther out to arrest other parties.

The result of my order yesterday, closing out all men in the city who are not friendly to the Government, and the subsequent meeting. I look to as the inception of a genuine reformation in this country. After the publication of the order, about 80 residents rushed to Ryland's office to sign the resolutions. But in the meeting they were excluded from participation in the meeting, and they are under arrest and their business closed, as yet. I stated in the meeting that in each case of those signing yesterday there would be special inquiry as to the motives of their signing so late. The meeting went off in fine spirit, and I assure you

