
of my belief that much good will come of the movement. The resolutions were adopted by acclamation before the house crowded throughout.

An hour has elapsed since penning the foregoing paragraph, spent in interview with "John De Courcy," my most trusted spy, who reached here, and I gather the following: Quantrill is here; he came from Price to conscript; he came with 40 men; he has joined Reid's, Jarrett's, Todd's, Younger's, and Clifton's gangs to his own, which give him from 125 to 150 men; he disbanded his force on Sunday night, with orders to rendezvous on Thursday night on the Big Sni, precise place not definitely learned; had orders from Price to stop bushwhacking and horse stealing. Price is to invade Southeast Missouri, and Quantrill is to annoy Kansas and Western Missouri; intends to conscript all of military age; has secret among Southern men to come to his camp and get property taken by mistake; came here to stay, and not to take away any recruits; seems to be rather elevated in his purposes by his six or eight months' experience with the regular forces; proposes that he will assail McF.'s men unless assaulted, but that he neither will give or expect quarter of K.'s or P.'s men.

I shall send a man into Quantrill's camp.

"De Courcy' informs me that one of the men (Wise) I have here, taken yesterday at Wellington, is an arrant guerrilla. I put him in irons to-day. Mail hour is past some minutes. I'll write to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WALTER KING,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

MAY 5-9, 1863.-Scout from Fort Scott., to Sherwood., Mo., and skirmishes.

Report of Major Charles W. Blair, Second Kansas Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS, Fort Scott, Kans., May 9, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that on Tuesday last, having heard that a rebel camp was established on Centre Creek, Mo., near the town of Sherwood, about 60 miles distant from this post, I dispatched Adjt. M. M. Ehle with a detachment of about 60 men to attack and disperse them, and bring back the stolen and contraband stock which I was informed they had gathered there in a very considerable amount.

By forced marches he got to the south of them, and, learning from his scouts that they numbered from 200 to 300, he applied to Colonel [J. M.] Williams, First Kansas (colored) Volunteers, for assistance, who promptly re-enforced him with two companies and one gun, of Blair's battery, under Lieutenant [Daniel C.[Knowles. With this added force, he attacked the enemy at daybreak, carrying the camp in gallant style and dispersing the rebels in every direction. He subsequently attacked and took another camp nearer the town and dispersed its occupants. Some few prisoners were taken, about 50 head of young horses and mules, part of which the prisoners, were delivered over to Colonel Williams, and the residue, being the greater part thereof, were turned over to Captain M. H. Insley, assistant quartermaster, at this post, upon their arrival here to-day.

This has been a most successful scout, and a very profitable capture to the Government. Great credit is due to the sagacity, persistence, and judgment manifested by Adjutant Ehle in the management of the whole affair. He conducted the whole scout himself, and it entitled to

