
all the credit. It was well planted, maturely considered, and executed with rapidity, precision, and skill. I do not know that I can find a better opportunity of calling your attention to a brave and deserving officer. Since he has been associated with me I have found him able, capable, faithful, industrious, and energetic, and always at his post. In the execution of his duty he is one of the most promising and efficient young officers of the district, and well worthy of a higher rank and a broader field for the exercise of his capabilities.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Major Second Kansas Volunteers, Commanding Post.

Major General JAMES G. BLUNT,

Commanding District of Kansas.

MAY 6-19, 1863.-Scout from Creek Agency, Ind. T., to Jasper County, Mo., including skirmishes at Martin's House, Centre Creek, and near Sherwood, and destruction of Sherwood.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-Major T. R. Livington, C. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Edward A. Smith, Second Kansas Battery, of skirmish near Sherwood, and affair (June 8) near Fort Scott.

Numbers 1. Report of Major T. R. Livingston, C. S. Army.

DIAMOND GROVE, JASPER COUNTRY, MO.,

May 28, 1863.

GENERAL: I left the Creek Agency on the 6th of May, en route for Missouri; crossed the Verdigris Rives at Sandtown; camped one day at the Union Saline Works and from thence upon the road. At the house of Captain Martin, on Cabin Creek, met a scout of the enemy from Fort Scott. I immediately engaged him, killing 1 and wounding 1. He them took shelter in and around the house. I endeavored to draw them out, but without success. He was soon re-enforced by a company of cavalry from Fort Gibson. I then retired to Cary's Gap and camped for the night. my loss was 3 men slightly wounded.

The following morning [9th?] I took up the line of march for Southwest Missouri, and arrived in Jasper Country without any incidents worthy of note.

On the 15th of May, as I was crossing the timber of Centre Creek, about 10 miles southwest of Carthage, I encountered a scout of the enemy, consisting of 125 Newtonia militia. I immediately got my men in position to received an assault from him, whom I vigorously repulsed. I charged upon him, Captain Ester commanding the left, Captain McCullough the center, and Captain Rusk a flanking party on the right. A sharp firing ensued; the enemy were soon flying before us, being completely put to rout. I pursued him about 3 miles. The enemy lost in.

---------------

* See also May 13-18, 1863.-Scout from Newtonia to French Point and Centre Creek, Mo., &amp;c., p. 328.

---------------

21 R-VOL XXII, PT I

