
killed, 13; mortally wounded, 4; prisoners, 4. My loss, killed, none wounded, Captain Estes, slightly in the arm; Captain McCullough, slightly stunned from the fall of his horse that was shot under him. I then retired to Twin Groves, about 3 miles distant.

The next day [16th] the enemy re-enforced to about 400. I moved on Spring River, but was not pursued.

On the 18th, my scout reported 60 negroes and white men, belonging to Colonel [J. M.] Williams' negro regiment, with five six-mule teams, foraging Centre Creek Prairie. I ordered out 76 my best mounted men. I came upon them at Mrs. Rador's, pillaging her premises. I afterward take with them. I charge them at the house, flanking them on the right, routed them, and pursued them about 8 miles, to the crossing of Spring River.

The enemy's loss in killed was, negroes, 23, and 7 white men; wounded unknown; and-prisoners; also captured 30 mules and 5 wagons; a box containing 1,400 cartridges and caps; a good many guns, pistols, &amp;c. The prisoners I have subsequently exchanged for Confederate soldiers. I sustained no loss. The following day (19th) they returned with 300 infantry and two companies of cavalry and burned the town of Sherwood and eleven far-houses in the vicinity. They put 10 of their dead (negroes) that had been left on the battle-ground the day preceding, and together with the body of Mr. John Bishop, a citizens prisoner, whom they had murdered, into the house of Mrs. Rador, and burned the premises. They then returned to their camp at Baxter Springs.

With great respect, I am, your obedient servant,

T. R. LIVINGSTON,

Major, Commanding Confederate Forces.

Major General STERLING PRICE, C. S., Army.

P. S-Captain Estes and I were both slightly wounded in the last fight.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Edward A. Smith, Second Kansas Battery, of skirmish near Sherwood, an affair (June 8) near Fort Scott.

FORT SCOTT, KANS., June 30, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with Paragraph I, General Orders, Numbers 169, of 1862, Adjutant-General's Office, I have the honor to report as follows: On the 18th day of May, 1863, a foraging party from the camp of Colonel [James M.] Williams, First Colored Volunteers, Baxter Springs, Kans., consisting in part of men belonging to my battery, was attacked in the vicinity of Sherwood, Mo., by a party of rebel guerrillas, and Corps. Van Rensler Hancock, Private Joseph Endecott, and Private Cameron Garrett were killed. On the 8th day of June, 1863, the same rebel guerrillas attacked the herd grazing, and Private Arthur W. Gaines was killed, and Corps. Thomas Larkin, and Private James Martin were taken prisoners.

Very respectfully, &c.,

E. A. SMITH,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Second Kansas Battery.

Major H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of the Frontier.

