
MAY 9, 1863.-Skirmish in Stone Country, Mo.

Report of Colonel William F. CLOUD.

SPRINGFIELD, May 16, 1863.

GENERAL: Captain Moore, of the Second Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, reports that on last Saturday a scout of 9 men of his company came upon a party of bushwhackers is Stone Country, reported to be 50 in number, who were going south with stock that they had stolen from farmers in this district, and, after a brisk fight, in which 2 of the bushwhackers were killed, 3 severely wounded and left upon the field, and 4 captured, the chivalry decamped, leaving 31 head of horses and mules, blankets, overcoats, and other property, which fell into the hands of the Enrolled Missouri Militia, to be returned to the proper owners.

W. F. CLOUD,

Colonel, Commanding District of Southwestern Missouri.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.

MAY 11, 1863.-Skirmish at Taylor's Creek, or Crowley's Ridge, Ark.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Abstract form "Record of Events," Second Cavalry Brigade, Thirteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General John S. Marmaduke, C. S. Army.

Numbers 3.-Colonel George W. Carter, Twenty-first Texas Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Abstract from "Record of Events," Second Cavalry Brigade, Thirteenth Army Corps.*

May 6, a scout of 1,200 cavalry of this command scoured the country White and Saint Francis Rivers, being absent ten days. During that time, having divided, they fell in with Marmaduke's forces on L'Anguille River at two points, and after a severe fight, retreated, losing 1 killed and 4 wounded of the First Indiana Cavalry. Among the wounded are Lieuts. W. C. Wilhelm and Charles Denaman. Enemy estimated at 6,000.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General John. S. Marmaduke, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,Jacksonport, Ark., May 24, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit herewith a report of the skirmish with the Federal forces on Crowley's Ridge.

On April [May] 9, I received from Colonel [George W.] Carter information that a Federal forces of 1,500 or 2,000 men (infantry, cavalry,

---------------

* From return for month of May, 1863.

---------------

