
NEWTONIA, MO., May 20, 1863.

SIR: Since I made my report to Colonel Cloud of the result of the fight between Captain Henslee, of Company L, of the Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry, and Captain [Jacob] Cassairt, of Company F, of the Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, with about 70 men, and Livingston, rebel guerrilla, with 100 men, near Centre Creek lead mines, a day or so ago, I have the most positive evidence that there were 15 killed upon Livingston's side, and several mortally wounded. I was informed by several ladies of his own stripe that Livingston buried 12 of his men in one grave-were present at the burial. It was a desperate bushwhacking fight; both sides were hand-to-hand in the brush for awhile. Captain Henslee's horse became very much frightened, and charged immediately through the rebel crew; it is supposed fifty guns were fired alone at him in this passage; escaped unhurt. He fired as he went through; killed 1; charged back again in order to save himself and killed another. All thorough the country much excitement prevails in regard to the fight. Major Eno is preparing an official account of the scout; will forward it. It was eminently successful, of which fact I am more and more convinced daily.

On yesterday I saw a private note that Tom. [R.] Livingston had written to a lady friend in Granby, in which he stated he would start in a few days for Franklin, on the Pacific road, in this State, and would deliver any letters she would write. Did not state whether going alone or going down on a raid. Well enough to watch his movements. There is but little doubt in my mind of Colonel Harrison's (of C. S. Army) death. If your order in regard to Major Eno's remaining here, and cooperating with you, had not come, I would have started before this the same scout after Livingston.

A quick succession of vigorous scouts will destroy and disperse them. Kill Livingston, and there is no one else to mass and congregate these bands. Is a man of much influence.

Have you had a scout toward Pineville?

Yours, very respectfully,

T. T. CRITTENDEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant J. C. FRENCH,

Acting Assistant-Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Lieutenant Anson A. McElhoney, of Company M, Missouri State Militia Cavalry, was detailed a few months since to take charge of the stragglers' (now convalescent) camp, which order I hope you will rescind, as he is very much needed in his company. James C. Anderson, of same company and regiment, is with as clark; send him also, if possible, as that company needs him. I am very solicitous about the return of these men.

Numbers 2. Report of Major Edward B. Eno, Eight Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. 1ST BATTALION, 8TH MO. STATE MILITIA CAV.,Greenfield, Mo., May 29, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor herewith to submit report of operations of a scout under my command against Livingston's guerrillas.

On the morning of the 13th instant, I marched from Newtonia, by

