
The guerrillas in that region were scattered in every direction and completely disheartened.

The scout was successful, but I cannot express my regret that it was not the complete success I had planned and hoped for in the total annihilation of the gang, which must have been the result had my orders been obeyed. The men behaved with steadiness and bravery with the one exception mentioned. I have to thank the officers with me for the assistance rendered by their cool, judicious conduct through the scout.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. ENO,

Major Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Colonel WILLIAM F. CLOUD,

Commanding Southwestern District of Missouri.

MAY 15, 1863.-Skirmish at Big Creek, near Pleasant Hill, Mo.

Report of Major Wyllis C. Ransom, Sixth Kansas Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST BATTALION SIXTH KANSAS, VOL. CAV.,Westport, Mo., May 24, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor respectfully to report that on the 14th instant, learning that a considerable band of guerrillas were prowling near this place, with the evident intention of committing depredations along the Kansas line, I immediately stared in pursuit with 60 men of Company B, Sixth Kansas Cavalry. I same in contact with the so-styled Colonel Parker and his gang the same evening; routed him, killing 2 of his men and capturing 3 of his horses. As I feared would be the case, a larger party of guerrillas passed to my rear during the night, notwithstanding that I used every precaution that the force at my command would allow to prevent such a movement. The enemy in my rear burned three houses, and the same night recrossed the Little Blue and retreated east as fast as his horses would carry him.

Upon learning of his movements during the night, I gave hot pursuit, and came up with a party of his force at Big Creek, near Pleasant Hill, Cass County, Missouri. We surprised his camp, killing 6 of his men, capturing 7 of his horses with equipments complete, his camp equipage, arms, provisions, &amp;c.

The next day we routed him again, killing 2 of his men, wounding others, that escaped in the brush, and captured 3 more of his horses. Having driven them from that locality, I pursued them toward the Sni, where I again came up to the, they having joined the main body of guerrillas, at least 150 strong, under command of Quantrill and Parker, encamped among the thickly wooded hills of the sni, in a very strong position. White feeling for the enemy, we encountered one of his forage parties taking flour to camp. We dispersed it, killing 1 and capturing and destroying the flour, their arms, and 2 more horses.

Judging that, with my men as poorly armed as they were, I could not attack the enemy successfully, I determined to await re-enforcements. I accordingly retired about 2 miles to a point where I could open communication with Major [William] Drumhiller, at Blue Springs. Major Drumhiller joined me that evening with 100 men, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, and we immediately moved upon the enemy in the

