
midst of a terrible storm, which continued most of the night and the next day. We found that the enemy had moved their camp, but a reconnoitering party soon started a picket of 10 men, 1 of whom was killed and 3 of their horses captured. A close pursuit of several miles followed, but failed to discern the enemy's camp. The storm continuing with unabated violence, the streams rapidly rising, and our stock being nearly given out, and fearing that the enemy would again pass to the rear, together with the fact that our rations were exhausted, induced me to return to this place.

During the scout we have marched an aggregate of several hundred miles, and nearly the whole distance through the densest of brush, lying in ambuscade in detached parties night after night. I am confirmed in the opinion that the guerrillas in this and the adjacent counties can be concentrated with a few hours on any point. The number several hundred, and great watchfulness will be required to prevent serious disaster. The enemy invariably fought us with desperation. My casualties are 1 man killed.

I feel it my duty to mention the name of Sergt. George W. Farnsworth, of Company B, Sixth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, for the eminent valor he displayed and the untiring zeal with which he executed my orders in the field.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. C. RANSOM,

Major Sixth Kansas Cavalry, Commanding Detachment.

Captain H. G. LORING,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 18, 1863.-Affair at Hog Island, Bates County, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel Edward Lynde, Ninth Kansas Cavalry.

Numbers 2.-Major Alexander W. Mullins, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Edward Lynde, Ninth Kansas Cavalry.

SIR: I have the honor to report that Captain [C. F.] Coleman, with a small detachment from Companies E and K, made a descent on Hog Island, in the southern part of Bates County, Missouri, last week, and found about 300 rebels, who had erected light breastworks, and were preparing for defense. They were attacked by Captain Coleman's detachment and routed, leaving 3 killed and 5 wounded, but no prisoners. Coleman had 1 man killed. The detachment also destroyed about 2,000 pounds of bacon, and a quantity of corn the rebels had gathered on the island. The rebels scattered and fled to Henry County. I have adopted the plan of hiding a few men in the bushes to watch for the Butternuts that infest our border, and have sent two small detachments back into the country to watch the route they seem to travel in going west. I hope in a few days to be able to give you an account of a good haul, but I have not enough troops at these headquarters to do as well as I might, if another company was here.

