
Captain [John E.] Stewart, of Company C, has not reported yet, and I have no knowledge of any troops of Olathe. If it would meet your approbation, I would change some of the companies, and station them a little different from what they are. I think they would be more effective; but I shall not do so without your consent. Would it not be possible to send two companies of infantry down here, and let them be divided between these stations, and they can hold the place and take care of the Government stores, and then all the mounted troops can be in motion? It would help very much.

I am, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. LYNDE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain H. G. LORING,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Major Alexander W. Mullins, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

GERMANTOWN, MO., May 20, 1863.

MAJOR: I have just returned from an extensive scout over the Osage River, in the southern part of Bates County.

On the night of the 17th, I received a message from Captain [Charles F.] Coleman, of the Ninth Kansas Cavalry, stationed at Butler, that he had found a large body of rebels about 8 or 10 miles south of Butler, and over the main branch of the Osage River, who were in a very strong position, and asked my assistance with all the available force I had at hand to co-operate with his force, and on the morning of the 18th, at sunrise, he would make the attack. By this time I had reached Papinsville, as arranged between Captain Coleman and myself, and from thence proceeded up the river and in the neighborhood of the rebel encampment. I found the most of Captain Coleman's command (the captain with a few men were out hunting my command). Captain Coleman had about 115 men of the Ninth Kansas Cavalry, but from some maneuvering of some rebel pickets he concluded they were too strong to attack. I took command, and proceed to the rebel encampment, but found, on arriving there, that the large force supposed to be there numbered just 2, who were killed, and their arms, horses, &amp;c., taken by the Kansas troops.

This place seems to have been used by the bushwhackers for a great while. They must have used it the greater part of last winter from appearances. The bushwhackers repulsed 60 of the Kansas troops and Enrolled Missouri Militia there a few days ago. From the appearances, and all the information I could gather, at least 100 bushwhackers have been for some time making that encampment their place of rendezvous. They claim to belong to one Colonel Parker's command. Parker keeps his headquarters in Jackson County, and I am inclined to think he is organizing a force all along the border.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. W. MULLINS,

Major First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Major JAMES RAINSFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

