
was severely wounded in the leg, and 2 contrabands were mortally wounded. The enemy are thought to have lost from 10 to 15 killed and wounded.

The conduct of the colorado soldiers was highly creditable; the fought with a hearty will, and did good service. The amount of property captured is as follows: 75 mules, 8 horses, and subsistence for the whole force. The blacks hailed with joy the appearance of the colored soldiers. In addition to the above, 125 recruits were obtained. The regiment is rapidly filling up, and in a few days it is hoped will be full.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. M. PRENTISS,

Major-General.

Major General JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps.

MAY 25, 1863.-Skirmish at Polk's Plantation, near Helena, Ark.

Report of Lieutenant Samuel J. McKee, Third Iowa Cavalry.

CAMP THIRD IOWA CAVALRY,

Helena, Ark., May 25, 1863.

MAJOR: Pursuant to order, with 50 men of Companies A and B, I this morning reported to Major [Samuel] Walker, of the fifth Kansas Cavalry. We were placed in advance of the column, Company A being thrown forward as advance guard, and in this position were marched out upon the road known as the Little Rock road, for abut 6 miles, when the flankers of the advance guard encountered the enemy's pickets, and, in the exchange of shots, one of our men was wounded. We proceeded cautiously forward for a mile, when, acting upon some information received from a negro, Major Walker ordered me forward with Company B to the end of the line, and there, turning to the right, to make a circuit of the open field in that direction. I did as directed, and skirmished carefully through the woods till I encountered the rear company of the Fifth Kansas, sent out from the rear of the column, to act in conjunction with me. I then countermarched, and proceeded a short distance upon my return, when I became aware, by the heavy firing, the column was warmly engaged. Fearful of placing myself in a wrong position if I returned through the woods, I turned short to the left, and proceeded at full speed to the front, on reaching which I found that the enemy had broken the ranks of the Fifth Kansas and Company A, Third Iowa Cavalry, and were driving them back in considerable disorder. I formed my men and succeeded in checking the enemy for a few moments, and only left the ground when ordered to by Major Walker, who, finding he could not hold the position, resolved to fall back to a bridge over a deep ravine, a mile in our rear. I and my men occupied the position of rear guard, and engaged the enemy in a sort of running fight the entire distance. At once time the actin was very severe, and 2 of the enemy were killed in a hand-to-hand fight, in which we had 2 men severely wounded. On reaching the bridge, my company rallied promptly; not one man had straggled. We formed our line and awaited the enemy's attack, but he, finding our position strong, drew off his forces, and we

