
remained in position until ordered by Major Walker to accompany a flag of truce the enemy had sent us, and to search the ground of the conflict as carefully as possible, that he wounded might be relieved and the dead searched out.

I have to report that my entire command behaved in a manner entirely satisfactory to me. I was separated from Company A before the fight began, but from all the information I can gather I am satisfied that the honor of the Third Iowa Cavalry did not suffer in their hands, and for my own immediate company, I challenge the record of any conflict to show greater coolness and courage. We formed a line in face of a galling fire, and, when ordered to fall back, disputed the ground for a mile. Finally, when we were ordered to again rally for a determined stand, we presented every man in his place who has not his horse.

We have suffered a loss of 5 men wounded, and 2 missing.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL J. McKEE,

First Lieutenant Company B, Commanding Detachment Third Iowa Cavalry.

[Indorsement.]

Major O. H. P. SCOTT,

Commanding Third Iowa Cavalry:

I heartily indorse every line of the above report. Lieutenant McKee, of the Third Iowa Cavalry, and the men under his command acted with distinguished gallantry during the whole engagement. The advance guard of the Third Iowa were commanded by Sergeant Wishard and numbered but about 100 men. In my former report I did not know the name of the lieutenant commanding the Third Iowa.

The troops composing my command all deserve the credit of having performed their duty, and I observed no distinction between the men of the two regiment engaged with me.

SAMUEL WALKER,

Major Fifth Kansas Cavalry, Commanding Expedition.

MAY 28, 1863.-Skirmish near Fort Gibson, Ind. T.

Report of Major General James G. Blunt, U. S. Army, commanding District of Kansas.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, June 8, 1863.

GENERAL: Advices from Colonel [William A.] Phillips to the 30th of May represent that he is hard pressed, and much needs re-enforcements. The enemy are continually massing troops in his front, and frequently crossing the river below and harassing his flank and rear, and annoying his train on the line of communication with Fort Scott. The last train down was attacked on the morning of the 28th, when near Fort Gibson. Colonel Phillips, anticipating that an attack would be made on it, had sent a force to meet it. The attack was repulsed, with a loss of 5 killed and several wounded on our side; 35 of the rebels killed were picket up and buried by our men.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

