
The rebels fled across the Arkansas River, hotly pursued by our forces. The train got in all safe, unloaded, and returned to Fort Scott, arriving there (at the latter place) on the 6th instant. I have ordered the First Kansas Colored Regiment, Colonel [J. M.] Williams, to re-enforce Phillips without delay, and shall send six companies of the Second Colorado and one section of the Second Kansas Battery with the next train, which will leave about the 15th; and, with the new cavalry companies, I am getting ready for the field, I will be able to give him some additional mounted force. With this additional force, I am in hopes he will be able to maintain his position, unless some of the rebel forces with Price are moved against him. In that case, he will be compelled to fall back, unless other re-enforcements can be had. This will be disastrous to the Indian country, and greatly demoralize the Indian troops. They are making superhuman efforts to hold the country to the Arkansas River, and their endurance of hardships and pri- vations, as well as their display of patriotism and gallantry, entitle them to be promptly supported. Coffee has joined Livingston, making a force of 800 or 1,000, who are operating in the rear of Phillips, on his line of communication for supplies, requiring a large force for escort duty with trains.

Please inform me if there has been any change in the lines of this district, taking therefrom the border counties of Missouri, and if provisions have been made to send troops into the border counties of that State. If so, it will enable me to send more mounted men below.

Major Weed having just arrived from Colonel Phillips command, I have directed Colonel [William R.] Penick's regiment to proceed to Saint Joseph immediately, to be mustered out, in accordance with your order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.

MAY --, 1863.-Affair near Patterson, Mo.

Report of Captain Timothy Reves.

CAMP, Kelley's Mill, May 31, 1863.

MAJOR: We went on our trip near Patterson, and found a scout had started in the direction of Doniphan. We routed the enemy by killing 1 man, 6 horses, how many wounded we to not know; the horses killed were shot all over; the men with them were undoubtedly wounded. We captured about 22 horses and saddles, blankets, &amp;c. We fell back on Current River, 15 miles above Doniphan, for the purpose of resting our horses and watching the enemy for two or three days, when we expect to return to camp.

Please forward a copy of the dispatch to Colonel [J. Q.] Burbridge forthwith.

Very respectfully,

T. REVES,

Captain.

Major LEE CRANDALL, C. S. Cavalry.

