
JUNE 1, 8163.-Skirmishes near Rocheport, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Thomas J. Bartholow, Enrolled Missouri Militia.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Colonel John F. Williams, Ninth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Thomas J. Bartholow, Enrolled Missouri Militia.
HDQRS. EIGHTH MILITARY DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,ENROLLED MISSOURI MILITIA,

Macon City, Mo., June 2, 1863.

GENERAL: I received the following dispatch from Colonel Clark H. Green, commanding post at Glasgow, at 10 o'clock last night:

GLASGOW, MO., June 1, 1863.

Captain Steinmets, with 15 men, ran into a camp of bushwhackers 3 miles north of Rocheport at sunrise this morning. The rebels fired upon them, and a short skirmish ensued, our men getting scattered, and were driven within 3 miles of Fayette. Four of our men are missing. John Vance was captured. William Hensley is supposed to have been killed. Captain Steinmetz came to Fayette, got help, and had gone back. Jackman, Pulliam, Todd, and Rucker were with the rebels, having about 60 men.

C. H. GREEN,

Colonel.

I immediately telegraphed to Mexico and Sturgeon, ordering a force from each place to move forthwith in the direction of Rocheport, directing the officers to act in conjunction with the troops moving from Fayette, and not to return until this band of marauders was broken up or as long as they could learn of an armed rebel in that section. I also had a messenger dispatched to General Guitar, at Columbia, requesting him to send a force from Columbia. I ordered Colonel Green to arrest Jackman's family and hold them for the safety of Sergeant Vance, reported captured by this band. I also sent an order by the early train this morning to Captain Skinner, at Renick, who has a company stationed there, to march immediately in the direction above indicated with all the available force he could spare. Thus, by moving detachments from five different points, I hope by to-night to have the section infested by these rebels so surrounded that their escape will be cut off and the band effectually broken up. This band is the same which, under Pulliam, lately committed the depredations in Pike and Lincoln Counties. A few have doubtless joined them since they came into Howard. I have just received information that the forces from Mexico and Sturgeon are on the march.

Captain Steinmetz, at the head of 15 men, had moved from Glasgow on Saturday night, with the view of endeavoring to effect the capture of Jackman, who was known to be in the neighborhood of Rocheport, he not knowing that Pulliam had got into the vicinity with the men who were bushwhacking under in Pike and Lincoln. I will keep you advised regarding this affair.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. BARTHOLOW,

Brigadier-General.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis.

