
Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John F. Williams, Ninth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Fayette, Mo., June 1, 1863.

SIR: Learning this morning that the rebel leaders, Jackman, Rucker, Pulliam, and company, were in force in the vicinity of Rocheport, i sent out 50 men from Companies A and G, under Captain [Reeves] Leonard, to look after them, leaving here at 11 a. m. The captain found them about 2 p. m. posted in a pasture upon the farm and near the house of John L. Jones, about 3 miles northeast of Rocheport, and, throwing out flankers, made an attack on them at once, and in twenty minutes routed and drove them flying before him, with a loss of 2 men killed and several houses; number of wounded not known. The captain captured two horses and guns, one keg of powder-flasks, canteens, caps, hats, &amp;c. Casualties on our side, 5 wounded slightly, all buck-shot flesh head. Captain [Henry N.] Cook came up from Columbia with 50 men, and, reaching the scene a few moments after the fight was over, went in pursuing of the flying rebels, assisted by Lieutenants [marshall H.] Harris, [William B.] Kemper, [Charles] Albrecht, and [Tobe] Williams. Jackman's number is about 50. The detachment of Company A was under Lieutenants [Joseph M.] Street and Williams; of Company G, under Lieutenant Albrecht. Both officers and men fought gallantly. The fine gray gelding stolen from Willis Grims some two weeks ago was captured in the fight from Jackman.

In haste, yours,

JOHN F. WILLIAMS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

Brigadier-General GUITAR,

Commanding District of Northeaster Missouri.

JUNE 1, 1863.-Skirmish near Doniphan, Mo.

Reports of Major Lothar Lippert, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry.

POST HEADQUARTERS,

Patterson, Mo., June 1, [2,] 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit to you the following report of the skirmish yesterday morning:

Information had been received that Reves and Porter were encamped at Porter's Mill, 44 miles south of this place, on the Pocahontas road.

Saturday morning, May 30, 1863, I started two expeditions, one under command of Captain Erskine, of about 60 men of the Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, and the other of 73 men-40 of the Third Missouri State Militia and 33 of the Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry. I took command myself.

Captain Erskine was to attack the enemy in front at 3 o'clock to-day, while I, by going a southwestern route, would be on hand to attack them in the rear at the same hour.

I marched from this camp to Carter's Mill, on the Van Buren road, 20 miles, and could not learn anything of the enemy at that place, the citizens telling me that they had not seen or heard of a rebel in that vicinity. I then marched back from Carter's Mill bout 3 miles, and

