
of the enemy going in the direction of the main road, and fearing that the might cut off my way of retreat, I ordered Captain May to bring his command, and trotted through the woods toward the main road; when there, a half mile back, I selected a good position, dismounted the men, and formed a line of skirmishers, and waited about three-quarters of an hour, in order that stragglers from the Third Missouri State Militia might come up. Afterward we started back toward Patterson, arriving at that place at 3 p. m. When arrived at Patterson, there were missing from the Third Missouri State Militia 27 men, horses, and equipments; among them the two officers who accompanied the expedition. All these men came in that night on foot. Three of the Third Missouri State Militia received slight wounds, and, after defending nobly the position in which they were stationed, left the field with me. During my efforts to make the Third Missouri State Militia hold their position, I received eight balls in different parts of my body.

On arriving at Patterson, I immediately sent word to Captain Erskine, recalling him, and he arrived safe in camp at Patterson June 2.

On the way back to Patterson I received from citizens the following information: Reves, with from 500 to 600 men, mounted left his camp, near Ponter's Mill, on the 30th of May, marching, by way of Doniphan, toward Patterson, on a more western road then the one which I was coming, with the intention to attack Patterson on the morning of the 1st of June. Arriving at Carter's Mill about one hour after I had left, he changed his course and followed my tracks, remaining in my rear at a distance of 3 or 4 miles, and concealed himself, after having obtained information of the locality at which I camped.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

L. LIPPERT,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain H. C. FILLEBROWN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Arcadia, June 28, 1863.

I beg leave to file this report at department headquarters, as I am going out of the district.

Some inquiry may occur as to why I arrested 2 officers and 27 men of the Third Missouri State Militia, especially as Colonel [Richard G.] Woodson seems inclined to take the part of the men of his regiment, who have a second time misbehaved before the enemy. I have not had time to try the case, but I beg it be noticed, and this report filed, to show my ground of action.

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JUNE 1, 1863.-Affair at Waverly, Mo.

Report of Major George W. Kelly, Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

MARSHALL, SALINE COUNTY, June 2, 1863.

COLONEL: I drop you a line to inform you that my dismounted scout arrived last night. They ran on to a party of 4 guerrillas in the brush

