
above Waverly, Mo.; killed 1, mortally wounded another, and captured their horses and equipments; 4 horses, 1 Sharps' carbine, 1 shot-gun, and their bedding. The brush was very thick, almost impenetrable, or my men would have killed the whole 4. Sergeants Sapp, Beeks, and Yarnell, of Company C, with 30 privates of Companies C and B, composed the dismounted scout. The sergeants report several small bands of guerrillas between Waverly and Dover, in La Fayette County, Missouri. My scout was armed with revolvers and double-barreled shot-guns.

Yours, respectfully,

G. W. KELLY,

Major Fourth Regiment Missouri State Militia Cavalry, Commanding

Colonel GEORGE H. HALL,

Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

JUNE 6-20, 1863.-Operations about Fort Gibson, Ind. T., including skirmish (16th) on Greenleaf Prairie.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel William A. Phillips, Third Indian Home Guards, commanding Indian Brigade.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Stephen H. Wattles, First Indian Home Guards, of skirmish on Greenleaf Prairie.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel William A. Phillips, Third Indian Home Guards, commanding Indian Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN BRIGADE,Fort Blunt, C. N., June 20, 1863.

SIR: I have to report militia operations here up to date.

Two weeks ago (of which fact I advised you, and also Colonel Williams, supposed then to be at Baxter Springs), Colonel Stand Watie, Colonel Bell, and other rebel commanders made a cavalry dash over the river, in considerable force, crossing Arkansas River 28 miles below this, and moving rapidly, on by-roads, through the mountains that border the Illinois River. Knowing the exhausted condition of my stock, I permitted no pursuit until I discovered definitely where they were going.

I learned that the enemy crossed the Illinois River, and that part of their force recrossed and went to Park Hill and Tahlequah, and then moved northeast. I at once concluded that their design was to co-operate with Livingston and others, and strike the negro regiment at Baxter Springs. I sent three separate messengers to notify Colonel Williams of his danger, and sent all the cavalry force I cold then mount, with one howitzer, to follow the rebels; to strike them if it could be done safely, and, if the enemy were re-enforced so as to e too heavy, to strike them in the rear when they struck at the negro regiment.

Major [J. A.] Foreman moved with his command some 80 miles northeast, and prepared to attack them near Maysville, when the rebels swung round on the Grand River, near the mouth of Spavine Creek.

