
we arrived at the bayou, I ordered a halt, counted the men, and found but 316; proceeded on the march, halted at the top of the mountain, and rested the forces about one hour. The occasion of the halt was caused by one balky horse attached to the howitzer, rendering it necessary for the infantry supporters to pull the piece up the mountain. We then resumed march, with an advance guard and flankers right and eft, and reached Greenleaf Prairie about an hour before daylight. We proceeded on across the prairie, and, when we entered the timber on the opposite side, left 2 men to watch the prairie. After crossing Greenleaf Creek some 2 miles, I was notified by one of the men left that the enemy was in my rear. Immediately dispatched Lieutenant ----, of the Second Indian Regiment, with 25 men, to learn the number of the enemy; halted for a report. At the same time I sent 2 men forward to Webber's Falls, 2 men to the Tahlequah road, and 2 men to Hildebrand's Fort, to ascertain the whereabouts of Major [J. A.] Foreman. In about three-quarters of an hour a messenger returned with the information that the lieutenant was attacked, and the men fighting a force of be tween 200 and 300. I countermarched, and sent 100 men forward, with Lieutenant [Robert T.] Thompson, to ascertain the strength of the enemy and their whereabouts, with instructions to report immediately, and to hold the enemy in check until I arrived with the rest of the forces. In a short time, the lieutenant reported the enemy in line of battle in the edge of the timber, about 1 mile in advance. I immediately dispatched Captain Bowlegs, with 75 men, to flank them on the left, and ordered the forces to advance. Upon arriving at a point near where the enemy were reported, I formed a line for the purpose of a charge, and gave the command, and moved forward with my cavalry, leaving the infantry to support the howitzer. We repulsed the enemy in the first charge, they falling back about three-quarters of a mile.

They formed again with re-enforcements, and forced us back a short distance. I again formed the men, and sent my adjutant, Lieutenant [Eli C.] Lowe, back for the howitzer. The enemy again made a charge and were repulsed. In the mean time the howitzer arrived. The enemy by this time had advanced in front, upon charge, flanking us on both sides, and within 30 yards of my force and howitzer, my men keeping up a constant fire. The howitzer then opened, and upon the first report checked the enemy. I then ordered a charge. The enemy retreated, and we followed, not giving them time to rally again. We pursued them through the timber, Captain [Solomon] Kaufman occasionally giving them a shell, or canister, until we reached the prairie; the enemy falling back toward the river. Upon arriving at the prairie, I formed and rested the men. While there, I discovered a small number of the enemy forming on my left, while farther behind them I saw a force, and a heavy cloud of dust, moving on toward the entranced of the timber, apparently to cut off my communication with you, while upon my right I discovered 4 or 5 men on a high point. I then sent Lieutenant Thompson forward, with 6 men, to learn who they were. He soon returned with 2 of the men as prisoners, and reported a rebel force forming on our right. I then ordered and investigation into the number of rounds of ammunition my men had, and found upon report that some were out of caps, others powder, and some bullets; and in that condition, and from the movements of the enemy, I deemed it necessary to move into the timber, so as to keep up my communication with you-to go into camp until I heard from Major Foreman.

While in camp I received your dispatch directing me not to regulate my movements by those of Major Foreman, and ordering me to proceed

