
to the mouth of Vine and Sallison Creeks and destroy the two ferry-boats. I then counseled [with] the officers in charge of the cavalry, and found from them that the horses were, comparatively, given out, and the men almost exhausted by marching and fighting. Upon this report, and knowing myself the condition of the men and stock, after resting two hours, I proceeded on my return to Fort Blunt. When I reached the bayou, I received an order directing me to turn my command over to Lieutenant-Colonel [Fred. W.] Schaurte, and to report to you, which I accordingly did.

We lost, in the battle of Greenleaf Prairie, 4 killed and 8 wounded; none dangerously. That of the enemy was 7 killed; none found wounded; the latter supposed to be carried off the field by ambulances, as two were seen going to the battle ground.

In closing my report, colonel, I cannot omit to mention the bravery and daring of the following officers, who rendered me good services in the battle: Captain [Smith] Christy, of the Third Indian; Captain Kaufman, of the Third Indian (commanding howitzer); Lieutenant [John E.] Blunt, of the Third Indian; Captain [Budd] Gritts, of the Second Indian; Lieutenant [J. C.] Palmer, of the Second Indian, who was wounded while leading his men of the Second; Captain Kinter, of the Fourth Indian; Captain Cox, of the Fifth Indian, and Adjutant Lowe, Lieutenant [Robert T.] Thompson, and Lieutenant [Fred.] Crafts, of the First Indian.

Respectfully submitted.

S. H. WATTLES,

Colonel, Commanding Department.

Colonel WILLIAM A. PHILLIPS,

Commanding Eighth and Ninth Districts, Dept. of the Missouri.

JUNE 16-SEPTEMBER 13, 1863.-The Sioux Expedition, Dakota.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

July 24, 1863.-Action at the Big Mound.

26, 1863.-Action at Dead Buffalo Lake.

28, 1863.-Action at Stony Lake.

29-30, 1863.-Skirmishes at the Missouri River.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Henry H. Sibley, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Samuel McPhaill, First Minnesota Mounted Rangers.

Numbers 3.-Colonel William Crooks, Sixth Minnesota Infantry.

Numbers 4.-Lieutenant Colonel William R. Marshall, Seventh Minnesota Infantry.

Numbers 5.-Colonel James H. Baker, Tenth Minnesota Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Henry H. Sibley, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.*
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA,Camp Carter, Bank of James River, August 7, 1863.

MAJOR: My last dispatch was dated 21st ultimo, from Camp Olin, in which I had the honor to inform Major-General Pope that I had left

---------------

*See also Appendix, pp. 907-913.

---------------

