
were found concealed in the long reeds around the lake, all of which were by my directions collected and burned. For miles along the route the prairie was strewn with like evidences of a hasty flight. Colonel McPhaill had previously informed me that beyond Dead Buffalo Lake, as far his pursuit of the Indians had continued, I would find neither wood nor water. I consequently established my camp on the border of that lake, and very soon afterward parties of Indians made their appearance, threatening an attack. I directed Captain [John] Jones to repair with his section of 6-pounders, supported by Captain [Jonathan] Chase, with his company of pioneers, to a commanding point about 600 yards in advance, and I proceeded in person to the same point. I there found Colonel Crooks, who had taken position with two companies of his regiment, commanded by Captain [Grant] and Lieutenant-Grant, to check the advance of the Indians in that quarter. An engagement ensued at long range, the Indians being too wary to attempt to close, although greatly superior in numbers. The spherical case from the 6-pounders soon caused a hasty retreat from that locality, but, perceiving it to be their intention to make a flank movement on the left of the camp in force, Captain [Oscar] Taylor, with his company of mounted rangers, was dispatched to retard their progress in that quarter. He was attacked by the enemy in large numbers, but manfully held his ground until recalled and ordered to support Lieutenant-Colonel Averill, who, with two companies of the Sixth Regiment, deployed as skirmishers, had been ordered to hold the savages in check. The whole affair was ably conducted by these officers, but the increasing numbers of the Indians, who were well mounted, enabled them by a circuitous route to dash toward the extreme left of the camp, evidently with a view to stampede the mules herded on the shore of the lake. This daring attempt was frustrated by the rapid motions of the companies of mounted rangers, commanded by Captains [Eugene M.] Wilson and [Peter B.] Davy, who met the enemy and repulsed them with loss, while Major McLaren, with equal promptitude, threw out, along an extended line, the sic companies of the Sixth Regiment under his immediate command, thus entirely securing that flank of the camp from further attacks. The savages, again foiled in their design, fled with precipitation, leaving a number of their dead upon the prairie, and the battle of "Dead Buffalo Lake" was ended.

On the 27th, I resumed the march, following the trail of the retreating Indians, until I reached Stony Lake, where the exhaustion of the animals required me to encamp, although grass was very scarce.

The next day, the 28th, there took place the greatest conflict between our troops and the Indians, so far as the numbers were concerned, which I have named the battle of "Stony Lake." Regularly alternating each day, the Tenth Regiment, under Colonel Baker, was in the advance and leading the column, as the train toiled up the long hill. As I passed Colonel Baker, I directed him to deploy two companies of the Tenth as skirmishers. Part of the wagons were still in the camp, under the guard of the seventh Regiment, when I perceived a large force of mounted Indians moving rapidly upon us. I immediately sent orders to the several commands promptly to assume their positions, in accordance with the programme of the line of march; but this was done, and the whole long train completely guarded at every point by the vigilant and able commanders of regiments and corps, before the orders reached them. The Tenth gallantly checked the advance of the enemy in front; the Sixth and cavalry on the right, and the Seventh and cavalry on the left, while the 6-pounders and two sections of mountain howitzers, under the efficient direction of their respective chiefs, poured a rapid and

