
interposition of a mighty stream between us and them, the utter destruction of a great camp containing all their strength was certain.

It would have been gratifying to us all if the murdering remnant of the Minday, Wakomton, and Wakpaton bands could have been extirpated, root and branch; but as it is, the bodies of many of the most guilty have been left unburied on the prairies, to be devoured by wolves and foxes.

I am gratified to be able to state that the loss sustained by my column in actual combat was very small. Three men of the cavalry were killed and 4 wounded, 1, I fear, fatally. One private of the same regiment was killed by lightning during the first engagement, and Lieutenant [Ambrose] Freeman, of Company D, also of the Mounted Rangers, a valuable officer, was pierced to death with arrows on the same day by a party of hostile Indians, while, without my knowledge, he was engaged in hunting at a distance from the main column. The bodies of the dead were interred with funeral honors, and the graves secured from desecration by making them in the semblance of ordinary rifle-pits.

It would give me pleasure to designate by name all those of the splendid regiments and corps of my command who have signalized themselves by their gallant conduct, but as that would really embrace officers and men, I must content myself by bringing to the notice of the major-general commanding such as came immediately under my own observation.

I cannot speak too highly of Colonels Crooks and Baker and Lieutenant-Colonel Marshall, commanding, respectively, the Sixth, Tenth, and Seventh Regiments of Minnesota Volunteers, and Lieutenant-Colonel Averill and Jennison and Majors McLaren and Bradley, and of the line officers and men of these regiments. They have deserved well of their country and of their State. They were ever on hand to assist me in my labors, and active, zealous, and brave in the performance of duty. Of Colonel McPhaill, commanding the Mounted Rangers, and of Majors [John H.] Parker and [Orrin T.] Hayes, and the company officers and men generally, I have the honor to state that, as the cavalry was necessarily more exposed and nearer the enemy than the other portions of the command, so they alike distinguished themselves by unwavering courage and splendid fighting qualities. The great destruction dealt out to the Indians is mostly attributable to this branch of the service, although many were killed and disabled by the artillery and infantry. Captain Jones and his officers and men of the battery were ever at their posts, and their pieces were served with much skill and effect. To Captain [Jonathan] Chase, of the pioneers, and his invaluable company, the expedition has been greatly indebted for service in the peculiar line for which they are detailed.

Captain [William R.] Baxter's company (H) of the Ninth Regiment, having been attached to the Tenth Regiment, as a part of its organization, temporarily, upheld its high reputation for efficiency, being the equal in that regard of any other company.

The surgical department of the expedition was placed by me in the charge of Surgeon [Alfred] Wharton, as medical director, who has devoted himself zealously and efficiently to his duties. In his official report to these headquarters he accords due credit to the surgeons and assistants of the several regiments present with him.

Of the members of my own staff, I can affirm that they have been equal to the discharge of the arduous duties imposed on them. Captain [Rollin C.] Olin, my assistant adjutant-general, has afforded me great assistance; and for their equal gallantry and zeal may be mentioned

