
together with a detachment of Company A, Ninth Regiment of Infantry, as pioneers, under Lieutenant [Harrison] Jones, the whole under my command, was ordered to proceed to the place where I had been the day before, with directions to destroy the transportation left by the Indians, and to find the body of Lieutenant Beaver, and that of Private Miller, if dead, and engage the savages, if the opportunity presented. Lieutenant-Colonel [S. P.] Jennison, of the Tenth Infantry, Major [R. N.] McLaren, of the Sixth, and Major [George] Bradley, of the Seventh, commanded the detachments of the respective regiments. All the objects contemplated were fully accomplished.

It was apparent that Lieutenant Beaver, on his way back with my dispatch, became embarrassed by the many trails left by an alarmed and conquered enemy, lost his way, and, after bravely confronting a large party of savages and dealing death into their ranks, had fallen, pierced with arrows and bullets, his favorite horse lying dead near him. He was buried in the trenches with the honor due his rank, and every heart beat in sympathy with the family of this brave stranger, as we retraced our steps toward the boundary of our own State.

I take pleasure in mentioning the services of Surgeon and Acting Medical Director [Alfred] Wharton, and of Assistant Surgeons Daniels and Potter, for duties performed whenever they were needed in and out of the regiment; also to Lieutenant Carver and [F. E.] Snow for assistance fearlessly rendered in the field. Lieutenant-Colonel Averill and Major McLaren have proven themselves worthy of the regiment.

For the officers of the line and men, I proudly say that they did all that they were ordered to do with an alacrity and a spirit which promises well for the future.

I make the distance from Fort Snelling to the Missouri, by our line of march, 585 miles.

I have the honor to remain, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. CROOKS,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth Minnesota Infantry.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel William R. Marshall, Seventh Minnesota Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT MINNESOTA VOLUNTEERS,Camp Sibley, on Missouri Coteau, July 25, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by the Seventh Regiment (eighth companies) in the engagement with the Indians yesterday:

Immediately after news was received of the presence of Indians, the regiment was formed in order of battle on the line designated by you for the protection of the coral-subsequently the camp- then being formed. A detail of 10 men from each company was set to digging trenches in front of our line, which fronted a little south of east, the Big Mound being directly east. The men remained upon the color line until the firing commenced on the foot-hill directly in front, where

