
Dr. Weiser was killed. I was then ordered to deploy Captain [Rolla] Bank's company, armed with Colt's rifles, along the foot-hill to the left of the ravine that opened toward the Big Mound. This done, Major Bradley was ordered with two companies, Captains Gilfillan and Stevens, to the support of the first battalion of cavalry, then out on the right of the ravine, where Dr. Weiser was shot. Major Bradley's detachment became engaged along with the cavalry. As soon as he reached the top of the first range of hills, I asked to advance to their support with the other five companies, and received your order too do so. With Captains Kennedy's, Williston's, Hall's, Carter's, and Arnold's companies, leaving Captain Carter in charge of the detail to finish the trenches and protect camp, I advanced at double-quick up the ravine toward the big Mound. When opposite the 6-pounder on the left of the ravine, where the general then was, I deployed the five companies at 3 paces intervals, without any reserve. The line extended from hill to hill, across the ravine, which was here irregular or closed. Advancing as rapidly as possible, the line first came under fire when it reached the crest of the first range of hills, below the summit peaks. The Indians then occupied the summit range, giving way from the highest peak or Big Mound, driven by the fire of the 6-pounder, but in great numbers along the ridge southward. Captain Eugene Wilson's company of cavalry, dismounted, passed to my left, and occupied the Big Mound, while I charged across the little valley, and up to the summit south of the mound. We advanced, firing, the Indians giving way as we advanced. I crossed the ridge and pursued the Indians out on the comparatively open ground east of the peaks. Their main body, however, was to our right, ready to dispute possession of the rocky ridges and ravines into which the summit range is broken in its continuation southward. I had flanked them, turning their right, and now gradually wheeled my line to the right until it was perpendicular to the range, my left being well out on the open ground, over which the enemy's extreme right was retreating. I thus swept southward, and, as the open ground was cleared-the Indians in that direction making to the hills 2 miles southeast, just beyond which was their camp, as we afterward discovered-I wheeled still more to the right, directing my attention to the summit range again, where the Indians were the thickest. Advancing rapidly and firing, they soon broke, and as I reached and recrossed the ridge they were flying precipitately and in great numbers from the ravines, which partly covered them, down toward the great plain, at the southern termination of the range of hills.

Colonel McPhaill, who, with a part of the cavalry, had crossed to the east side of the range, and kept in line in my rear, ready to charge upon the Indians when they should be dislodged from the broken ground, now passed my line and pursued the enemy out on the open plain. After I recrossed the range, I met Major Bradley, and united the seven companies. He, in conjunction with Captains Taylor's and Andersons' companies of the cavalry, dismounted, had performed much the same service on the west slope of the range of hills that I had done on the east and summit, driving the enemy from hill to hill southward, a distance of 4 or 5 miles from camp to the termination of the range.

Happily no casualties happened in my command. Indeed, the Indians from the first encounter gave way, seeming to realize the superior range occupied successive ridges from which our fire reached them. The hat of one soldier and the musket stock of another gave proof of shots received, and other like evidences and their balls occasionally kicking

