
The next morning we resumed the march homeward. Since then no Indians have appeared, and nothing relating to this regiment occurred to add to the above.

In concluding this report, supplementary to that made on the 25th ultimo, I beg to add a few things of a more general nature, relating to the regiment I have the honor to command.

The health of the regiment during the long march from Camp Pope, has been remarkably good. There have been but two cases of severe illness, both convalescent. Surgeon [L. B.] Smith and Assistant Surgeon [A. A.] Ames have been assiduous and skillful in their attention to the medical wants and the general sanitary condition of the regiment. My highest acknowledgement are due and tendered to them. Adjutant [E. A.] Trader and Quartermaster [Ammi] Cutler have been laborious and efficient. During the first three weeks of the march, Lieutenant F. H. Pratt was acting quartermaster, and gave the highest satisfaction in the discharge of his duties. Chaplain [O. P.] Light, who remained at Camp Atchison, has been faithful in his ministrations. The non-commissioned staff has been every way efficient. The good order and discipline of the regiment have been perfect; but two or three arrests have been made, and those for trivial offenses.

I feel it due to Major Bradley to again refer to him in acknowledgment of the assistance he has constantly rendered me. Soon after the march began, I became so afflicted with irritation of the throat from dust that the surgeon forbade my giving commands to the battalion. Major Bradley has relieved me almost entirely in this respect, and has otherwise shared with me fully the responsibilities of the command.

Grateful to the Divine Providence that has guided and protected us, I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. R. MARSHALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Seventh Regiment Minnesota Infantry.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel James H. Baker, Tenth Minnesota Infantry.
HDQRS. TENTH REGIMENT MINNESOTA INFANTRY,Camp Williston, August 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor herewith to submit a report of such part as was borne by my regiment, or any portion of it, in the several actions from July 24, at Big Mound, to the Missouri River.

About 3.30 o'clock on Friday, the 24th of July, while on the march, doing escort duty in the center, I received information from the general commanding that a large force of Indians was immediately in our front, accompanied by an order communicated by Lieutenant Beaver to prepare my regiment for action, which order was immediately executed. Meantime the train was being corraled on the side of the lake; after which I received orders to form my regiment on the color line indicated for it, immediately in front of the corral, and fronting outward from the lake, and to throw up intrenchments along the line, which was speedily done. The action of this day began on my right, more immediately in

24 R R-VOL XXII, PT I

