
If a small re-enforcement could be sent me, to enable me to leave a small force in the vicinity of Evansville, to protect my rear and line of communication from any flank movement that might be made by any small rebel force sent by some other route than the one upon which my column would move, I would not hesitate to attack them on the other side of the mountains, and do not doubt of my ability to occupy and hold Van Buren and Fort Smith, provided General Steele occupies the attention of General Holmes, so that re-enforcements cannot be sent from Little Rock.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS.

NOVEMBER 24-26, 18632.- Expedition from Greenfield into Jasper and Barton Counties, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General Francis J. Herron, U. S. Army.

NOVEMBER 28, 1862.

Brigadier-General Brown reports the result of two expeditions sent from Greenfield, Mo. One under Major [G. W.] Kelly, Fourth Missouri State Militia, into Jasper County, encountered and dispersed Jackman's band of guerrillas, killing 1 lieutenant and 1 private, and capturing 6 prisoners, with their horses, arms, &amp;c. Captain Roecker, of Major Kelly's command, had a hand-to-hand encounter with a rebel lieutenant, finally killing him. The other expedition, under Lieutenant Pritchard, met a portion of the same band near Lamar, in Barton County, dispersing them and killing 2. Quantrill, with 12,000 men, came up to within 10 miles of Newtonia, intending to surprise Colonel [J. F.] Philips, stationed at that place; but hearing of the re-enforcements sent there, has scattered his command, falling back into McDonald County. Colonel Philips is after him. The southwestern counties are swarming with guerrillas bands.

F. J. HERRON,

Brigadier-General.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS.

NOVEMBER 25, 1862.- Skirmish near Cane Hill, Ark.

Report of Brigadier General James G. Blunt, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. First DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Camp Babcock, November 26, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that General Marmaduke, with his entire command, followed about twenty-four hours in the rear of Lieutenant-Colonel [. R.] Jewell, on his return from reconnoitering in the direction of Van Buren. He is now encamped at Cane Hill, 7,000 or 8,000 strong. A detachment sent from my command attacked a large reconnoitering party of the enemy yesterday, and scattered them. Spies who left their camp this morning inform me that General Hindman, with a large force of infantry, is expected to join them, when they will

