
front of the Seventh (which regiment, being in advance during the day's march, was entitled to the forward position), by the artillery under Captain Jones, when, at 4.30 p. m., I received an order by Captain Olin to deploy a company to support this battery. I immediately deployed Company B, Captain Edgerton, and that company, though fatigued already with an ordinary day's march, continued with the battery (marching for many miles on the double-quick) during the entire pursuit of the enemy, for 15 miles, and through out the night till sunrise next morning, when they returned from the pursuit to camp, having made during the day and night the almost unparalleled march of quite 50 miles.

At about 5 o'clock I received an order by Captain Pope to send Lieutenant-Colonel Jennison with four companies, to be deployed and to follow in the direction of the retreating enemy, as a support for the cavalry and artillery. Colonel Jennison moved forward, with Companies A, F, C, and K, 5 miles, more than half of it on the double-quick, and reported his command to the general commanding, at that time in the front. After resting about one hour, by the order of the general commanding, Colonel Jennison was directed to return to camp with his force, and arrived at a little after 9 p. m. At the same time that the first order above alluded to was given, I was directed to assume command of the camp, and make the proper dispositions for its defense, which I did by completing all the intrenchments and organizing and posting such forces as were yet left in camp, not anticipating the return of our forces that night.

The action of the 26th of July took place on the side of the camp opposite from my regiment, and, consequently, we did not participate in it. We were, however, constantly under arms, ready at any moment for orders or an opportunity.

On Tuesday, the 28th of July, my regiment being in the advance for the day's march, we started out of Camp Ambler at 5 o'clock in the morning. The general commanding, some of the scouts, and a few of the headquarters wagons had preceded my regiment out of camp, and were ascending the long sloping hill which gradually rose from Stony Lake. I had just received, directly from the general commanding, orders for the disposition of my regiment during the days' march, when the scouts came from over the hill on the full run, shouting, "They are coming! they are coming!" Immediately a very large body of mounted Indians began to make their appearance over the brow of the hill, and directly in front of my advancing column. I instantly gave the necessary orders for the deployment of the regiment to the right and left, which, with the assistance of Lieutenant Colonel Jennison and the great alacrity of commandants of companies, were executed with the utmost rapidity, though a portion of my line was thorn into momentary confusion by the hasty passage through it of the returning scouts and advance wagons. At this moment an Indian on the brow of the hill shouted, "We are too late; they are ready for us." Another one replied, "But remember our children and families; we must not let them get them." Immediately the Indians, all well mounted, filed off right and left along the hill in my front with the utmost rapidity. My whole regiment was deployed, but the Indians covered my entire front, and soon far outflanked on both sides, appearing in numbers that seemed almost incredible, and most seriously threatening the train to the right and left of my widely extended line. The position of the train was at this moment eminently critical. It has begun to pass out of the corral around both ends of the small lake, to mass itself in the rear of my regiment, in the usual order of march. The other regiments were

