
not yet in position, as the time to take their respective places in the order of march had not arrived. Fortunately, however, Captain Jones had early moved out of camp with one section of artillery, and was in the center of my left wing, and Lieutenant Whipple, with another, near to the center of my right, which was acting under Colonel Jennison.

Simultaneously with the deployment of the regiment, we began a steady advance of the whole line up the hill upon the foe, trusting to the speedy deployment of the other infantry regiments and the cavalry for the protection of the train, so threatened on either flank at the ends of the lake. My whole line was advancing splendidly up the hill, directly upon the enemy, the artillery doing fine work, and the musketry beginning to do execution, when I received a peremptory order too halt the entire line, as a farther advance would imperil the train. So ardent were both officers and men for the advance, that it was with some considerable difficulty that I could effect a halt. Believing fully that the great engagement of the expedition was now begun, and seeing in my front and reaching far beyond either flank more than double the number of Indians that had hitherto made their appearance, I took advantage of the halt to make every preparation for a prolonged and determined action. Meantime long-range firing continued throughout the entire line, and frequently the balls of the enemy would reach to, and even pass over, my men, though it was evident that the range of the Indian guns bore no comparison to ours. About this time I twice received the order to cause the firing to cease, which order I found very difficult to execute, owing to the wide extent of my line and intense eagerness of the men. I then received orders that, as the train was closed up, I should form my regiment in order of battle, deploy as skirmishers, holding two companies in reserve, and that, thus advancing, our order of march would be resumed in the face of the enemy. In a few minutes, the dispositions being made, all was ready, and, in the order of battle indicated, we passed again for a moment, on a distant hill, in great numbers, when they entirely disappeared. My regiment marched in deployed order of battle en echelon at the head of the column for 18 miles, expecting and ready to meet the enemy at any moment.

The number of Indians so suddenly charging upon us was estimated at not less than from 1,500 to 2,000. They were well mounted, and moved about with the utmost rapidity and with their characteristic hideous yells. The artillery, under Captain Jones and Lieutenant Whipple, did great execution, as I could well observe, and the fire of my men did effective service, and enabled us to hold the enemy at bay till the train was closed up and the regular dispositions for its defense made. At least 3 of the enemy were seen to fall by the fire from my line, their bodies being thrown on ponies and rapidly carried away. The artillery must have killed and wounded a considerable number. Nothing could exceed the eagerness, firmness, and gallant bearing of all the officers and men of my command during this unexpected and by far, numerically, the greatest effort the Indians had yet made upon the forces of the expedition. In their courage and earnest desire to clear the enemy from the hill by a double-quick charge, my officers and men were a unit. Nothing but the immediate peril of the train could induce them to cease the advance they had so gallantly begun.

On the 30th of July, while at Camp Slaughter, on the Missouri, I received an order to send three companies of my regiment, under Lieutenant-Colonel Jennison, to join an expedition under Colonel Crooks, the object of which was to skirmish through the timber and heavy

