
underbrush to the river, and destroy the property of the Indians, known to be upon its banks. This most laborious task was assigned to Companies B, F, and K, and a portion of Company C. A report of their operations will, of course, be given you by the officer commanding the expedition.

I desire, captain, to avail myself of this opportunity to express my sincere gratification at the good order, faithful devotion to very duty, most determined perseverance in the long and weary marches, uncomplaining in the severe guard and trenching labors, submitting unmurmuringly to every fatigue, which as characterized the officers and men of my regiment during the tedious and arduous march we have made to the distant shores of the Missouri River. It is with justifiable pride that I here note how nobly they have performed all that has been required at their hands.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. BAKER,

Colonel Tenth Regiment Minnesota Infantry.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Minnesota.

JUNE 17, 1863.-Skirmish near Westport, Mo.

REPORTS,

Numbers 1.-Captain Henry Flesher, Ninth Kansas Cavalry.

Numbers 2.-Captain George W. Ashby, Twelfth Kansas Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Captain Henry Flesher, Ninth Kansas Cavalry.

OLATHE, June 18, 1863.

MAJOR: Just before sundown last night, my advance was fired on by from 200 to 300 rebels at the edge of the timber this side of Westport. They were strongly posted behind a stone wall. I was compelled to retreat through a long lane. The followed so closely that I could not form my command until we got to the end of it. By this time our loss was 25 men. We formed by a house, and drove them back a short distance. Night came on, and we retreated slowly toward Olathe. The rain came on, and we have come to this place for breakfast. We scouted so hard in Missouri that our men and horses are all given out. We heard that Westport was in the hands of the rebels, and though that we could not reach you last night. Send orders by this messenger. We will either meet him on the road, or he will find us here. Lieutenant Haughout had 21 men. His loss is 7; mine is almost one-half.

In great haste, major, I am, yours, respectfully,

HENRY FLESHER,

Captain Company E, Ninth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry.

Major LINN K. THACHER,

Ninth Kansas Cavalry.

