
We captured in all 3 bushwhackers, killed 1, captured 7 head of horses, 1 Government mule, 4 saddles, 1 Austrian rifle, 2 revolvers, 1 musketoon, and a quantity of clothing and boots and hoses, which they said they had taken from the store of Mr. Smith, near Lebanon.

Allow me to say that during all the scouts and the two little skirmishes the men under me behaved nobly, and though a great many shots were fired at them, no one was hurt. I will also state that I have ascertained the whereabouts of a camp of 64 men near the Arkansas line, and entirely unsupported; this I had from Casey just before he died; also from the prisoners we now have. One of this gang, by the name of Frick, killed a man on the Gasconade last week, by the name of Sherwood, which information I also got from Casey as he was dying.

I close be saying that if we had the men here to work with, we could effectually break up this bushwhacking business, as we now know the country nearly as well as they.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. SMITH,

Captain Company H, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Major FISCHER,

Commanding Waynesville, Mo.

JUNE 23, 1863.-Skirmish at, and destruction of, Sibley, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Thomas Ewing, jr., U. S. Army, commanding District of the Border.

Numbers 2.-Captain Samuel A. Flagg, Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Thomas Ewing, jr., U. S. Army, commanding District of the Border.

KANSAS CITY, MO., June 30, 1863.

COLONEL: On the 20th instant, Captain [Samuel A.] Flagg, commanding detachments of four companies of the Fourth Missouri, reported to me that on his route here from Lexington, and especially in the neighborhood of Sibley and Napoleon, he encountered many bands of guerrillas, numbering in the aggregate several hundred men, of whom he killed 4 and wounded 6. On the night of the 22nd instant I sent him in command of his detachments, numbering about 125 effective men, and of two companies of infantry from Independence, being the district he reported as specially infested. He started the infantry, s ordered, at 10 o'clock at night, and it reached the neighborhood of the guerrilla camp before day. He himself, however, did not catch up with the infantry until after sunrise, and the guerrillas, having abundant notice, fell back to Sibley, he with the cavalry pursuing them. The captain reports to me:

