
JUNE 23, 1863.-Attack on Pawnee Agency, Nebr.

Report of Captain Henry L. Edwards, Second Nebraska Cavalry.

PAWNEE RESERVATION,

June 23, [24,] 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the Sioux (supposed to be Brules) attacked the agency yesterday, killing several Pawnees and wounding myself. I ordered First Lieutenant Henry Gray to follow them with 35 men, and, if practicable, to attack them. After pursuing about 50 of them for about 15 miles, he came upon about 400 or 500 drawn up in line ready to receive him, and upon being assured that the Pawnees, who were with him, 300 or 400 strong, would fight with him, he threw out some skirmishers, when the Sioux opened upon them with rifles, killing Sergt. Joseph Dyson, and mortally wounding Private George Osborn; also killing their horses. At the first fire the Pawnees ran, leaving our men alone. Lieutenant Gray fought them about an hour, when they retreated. Four or five Sioux were killed and several horses. I had started to his assistance with 20 men and one howitzer, which I was compelled to send back, owing to the roughness of the country. When I reached Lieutenant Gray, the Sioux were still in force about 6 miles distant; but it being nearly night, I determined not to attack them, and fell back too my camp.

To better protect the whites living at the agency, I have crossed the Beaver and established camp near the agency, where I shall remain until I receive further orders.*

Very respectfully,

HENRY L. EDWARDS,

Captain Company D, Second Nebraska Cavalry.

Brigadier-General McKEAN, Omaha, Nebr.

JULY 1-2, 1863.-Engagement at Cabin Creek, Ind. T.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel William A. Phillips, Third Indian Home Guards, commanding at Fort Gibson.

Numbers 2.-Colonel James M. Williams, First Kansas Colored Infantry.

Numbers 3.-Major John A. Foreman, Third Indian Home Guards.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel William A. Phillips, Third Indian Home Guards, commanding at Fort Gibson.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Fort Blunt, July 7, 1863.

SIR: I have sent the reports of Colonel [J. M] Williams and Major [John A.] Foreman, of the late engagement at Cabin Creek.

I sent Foreman with a howitzer and 600 men, all I could mount, to

---------------

*Return of casualties reports 1 man killed and 2 wounded.

---------------

