
make an attempt to get north into Missouri. My supply train arrived this evening all right. I shall move on Marmaduke to-morrow morning, leaving my transportation at this point with a small guard. Shall strike him next morning at daylight, unless he runs. Hope to destroy him before he can be re-enforced by Hindman. Distance to Cane Hill is 30 miles. Can you not send a cavalry force to Pineville or Neosho to protect my supply trains, as detachments of the enemy, in considerable force, are hanging on my rear for the purpose of capturing or annoying them?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Frontier.

NOVEMBER 25-29, 1862.- Expedition to Yellville, Ark.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Major General Samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.- Brigadier General Francis J. Herron, U. S. Army, with congratulatory dispatch.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Army.

NOVEMBER 30, 1862.

GENERAL: General Herron telegraphs that the Yellville expedition, of which I wrote you, has returned. It was successful in destroying the saltpeter works, the arsenal, and the store-houses, with about 500 shot-guns and rifles. Sixty prisoners were taken, and over 100 horses. Their sick in the hospital were paroled, and the troops returned last evening, after traveling 250 miles in less than five days. The troops were the First Iowa, Tenth Illinois, and Second Wisconsin, commanded by Colonel [D.] Wickersham, of the Tenth Illinois.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Francis J. Herron, U. S. Army, with congratulatory dispatch.

ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,

Southwest Missouri, November 30, 1862.

The cavalry expedition sent by me to Yellville returned last night, having made the march of 250 miles in less than five days. It was a complete success, and not only have all the saltpeter works in that section and at Dubuque been destroyed, but the arsenal and store-houses of the rebels were burned. Sixty of Burbridge's command were taken

