
with the view of offering assistance in case of an attack by the enemy, which was expected, as it was known that a large force of the enemy had been concentrated with this view.

Nothing unusual occurred until about noon of the 1st instant, when we came upon the enemy, strongly posted upon Cabin Creek, completely commanding the ford. Major Foreman, of the Third Indian Home Guards, skirmished with their pickets, killing 3 and capturing 3, when they retired across Cabin Creek, to their main body. I ordered up one of the 12-pounder howitzers attached to my command, which, with the mountain howitzers of Major Foreman, opened a brisk fire of shell and canister, under the fire of which the soundings of the creek were taken, and, finding it too high to cross the train, the forces were ordered into camp to await the falling of the stream, usually quite small, but now much swollen by the recent rains. That evening I held a consultation with Lieutenant-Colonel [Theodore H.] Dodd, commanding escort to the train, and Major Foreman, and it was determined to unite the different forces, as many as could be spared from the immediate defense of the train which had been corraled upon the prairie, about 2 miles from the ford. Accordingly, Colonel Dodd ordered to my support three companies of the Second Colorado Infantry [Cavalry], under command of Major[J. Nelson] Smith, and Company B, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, Company C, Ninth Kansas Cavalry, and Company B, Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry, under the command of Captain [John E.] Stewart, Company C, Ninth Kansas Cavalry, and the Indian Battalion commanded by Major Foreman, with one section of Second Kansas Battery, commanded by Lieutenant [Aristarchus] Wilson. After making a careful reconnaissance on the evening of the 1st in company with Colonel Dodd and Major Foreman, I laid the plan of attack as follows, viz: To place the two 6-pounders under command of Lieutenant Wilson on a point to the extreme left; one 12-pounder howitzer and one mountain howitzer in the center, directly in front of and not more than 200 yards from the position held by the enemy, and one 12-pounder howitzer on the right, and to attempt to cross the stream under the fire of these pieces. Accordingly I formed a column of attack in the following order:

1st. One company Indian Home Guards, led by Major Foreman in person.

2nd. First Regiment Kansas Colored Volunteers, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel [John] Bowles.

3rd. Battalion of Second Colorado Infantry.

4th. Battalion of three companies of cavalry, the balance of the Indian Battalion being detached guarding the river above and below.

This disposition being completed, at 8 a. m. of 2nd instant I opened a brisk cannonade, with shell and canister, upon the enemy's position, which was continued for forty minutes without interruption, when the firing ceased, the enemy having apparently retired from his position, and I ordered the column forward, it having previously been ascertained that the creek had fallen sufficiently to allow a passage. As the advance, led by Major Foreman, had nearly reached the opposite shore, they were met by a violent fire of musketry form the enemy, who had concealed themselves behind logs in the thick brush which lined the opposite shore. Major Foreman was twice shot by musket-balls, his horse receiving five shots. Seeing their gallant leader fall, this advance company retired somewhat confusedly to the position formerly occupied by them. At this time the advance of the infantry had nearly reached the water's edge, and I ordered a halt, filed the three leading

