
Numbers 3. Report of Major John A. Foreman, Third Indian Home Guards.

FORT BLUNT, July 5, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with your instructions, I joined your supply train from Fort Scott, at Baxter Springs, on the 24th of June, instant [ultimo]. On the 25th, began the march with the train for this place. Arrived at Hudson's Ford, on the Neosho River, the 26th instant [ultimo], where we were obliged to remain until the 29th by high water, when we succeeded in crossing the train. On the 30th, we discovered a trail. I immediately detached Lieutenant [Luke F.] Parsons, of the Third Indian Regiment, with 20 Cherokees, to ascertain what had made the trail, as it was fresh. Parsons followed the trail about 4 miles, when he found 30 of the enemy, who proved to be stand Watie's advanced picket. He gallantly attacked and defeated them, taking 3 prisoners and killing 4. On the 1st of July we arrived at Cabin Creek, where we found the enemy in force, concealed in a thicket on the south bank of the creek. I immediately deployed my command on the right and left of the ford. Lieutenants [David A.] Painter, of the Second, and Parsons, of the Third Indian Regiments, on the right; Lieutenant [Fred.] Crafts, of the First Indian, and Lieutenant [Benjamin H.] Whitlow, of the Third, on the left, Captain Armstrong, with one section of his battery, and Lieutenant [Jule C.] Cayot, of the Third Indian Regiment, with a mountain howitzer, coming promptly into position in the center. We opened a brisk fire upon the enemy in the thicket on the opposite bank, which we continued for half and hour.l By this time the enemy's fire had nearly ceased, so we moved forward into the stream, which proved too deep to ford, and we were obliged to fall back.

On the morning of the 2nd, one section of Blair's battery took position on an eminence about 900 yards to the left of the ford; one section of Armstrong's battery obtained a commanding position on the right; the main column, consisting of the Indians and five companies of the First Negro Regiment, were stationed in the center. After obtaining this position, we opened fire. The firing was continued about twenty minutes, when I received notice from the lookouts that the enemy were in disorder (not being able to see their movements from the creek, I had stationed a lookout or picket in some trees near Armstrong's battery). I ordered the firing to cease, and the main column to move forward. When nearly across the creek, I was wounded, and obliged to go to the rear. The column pushed on, under Colonel Williams, of the First Colored Regiment, and drove the enemy from their position. They were hotly pursued by Captain Stewart and his company, of the Ninth Kansas Cavalry. Our loss is 3 killed and 30 wounded. The enemy's loss is 9 prisoners. The number of their killed and wounded is unknown, but must be heavy.

As discrimination is impossible where all are brave, I return my heartfelt thanks to the officers and men of that command for their gallantry, energy, and perseverance on that trying occasion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. FOREMAN,

Major Third Indian Regiment.

Colonel WILLIAM A. PHILLIPS,

Commanding Forces in the Field.

