
JULY 3, 1863.-Scout from Salem, Mo., and skirmish.

Report of Lieutenant William C. Bangs, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

SALEM, MO., July 3, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report to you of the scout that I had command of this day.

I left this place this morning with 18 men of Company D, Fifth Regiment Missouri State Militia Cavalry, and marched 4 miles southeast, where I came up a trail where horsemen had lately been. I followed it in a northerly direction about 12 miles through the brush, when I came upon 14 bushwhackers grazing their horses. I ordered an attack. The men charged in splendid style, leaving 10 of the enemy dead on the ground and capturing 10 horses, without any loss on our side.

I learned from one of the dying men that they were a part of Colonel Freeman's command, under Captain Lamb, and that they were going after salt to Captain Lamb's father, who lived on the Maramec River, and that the salt was brought from Rolla by the women of the neighborhood. He also stated that Colonel Freeman was on the other side of Jacks' Ford, of Current River, with 300 men, but could not cross on account of high water; that Captain Lamb's men had swam the river.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. C. BANGS,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Company D, Fifth Regiment M. S. M. Cav.

Captain SAMUEL B. RICHARDSON,

Commanding Salem, Mo.

JULY 4, 1863.-Attack on Helena, Ark.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Stephen A. Hurlbut, U. S. Army, commanding Sixteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 2.-Major General Benjamin M. Prentiss, U. S. Army,commanding District of Eastern Arkansas.

Numbers 3.-Brigadier General Frederick Salomon, U. S. Army, commanding Thirteenth Division, Thirteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 4.-Colonel Samuel A. Rice, Thirty-third Iowa Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 5.-Colonel Thomas H. Benton, jr., Twenty-ninth Iowa Infantry.

Numbers 6.-Lieutenant Colonel Cyrus H. Mackey, Thirty-third Iowa Infantry.

Numbers 7,-Colonel Charles W. Kittredge, Thirty-sixth Iowa Infantry.

Numbers 8.-Lieutenant Colonel William H. Heath, Thirty-third Missouri Infantry.

Numbers 9.-Captain John. G. Hudson, Thirty-third Missouri Infantry.

Numbers 10.-Lieutenant Colonel Thomas N. Pace, First Indiana Cavalry, Clayton's brigade.

Numbers 11.-Lieutenant Melvil C. Wright, Third Iowa Battery.

Numbers 12.-Lieutenant John O'Connell, Battery K, First Missouri Light Artillery.

Numbers 13.-Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith, C. S. Army, commanding Trans- Mississippi Department.

Numbers 14.-Lieutenant General Theophilus H. Holmes, C. S. Army District of Arkansas.

