
Numbers 15.-Major General Sterling Price, C. S. Army, commanding division.

Numbers 16.-Brigadier General Dandridge McRae, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

Numbers 17.-Brigadier General M. Monroe Parsons, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

Numbers 18.-Brigadier General J. F. Fagan, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

Numbers 19.-Colonel A. T. Hawthorn, Arkansas Infantry.

Numbers 20.-Colonel W. H. Brooks, Thirty-fourth Arkansas Infantry.

Numbers 21.-Colonel J. P. King, Thirty-fifth Arkansas Infantry.

Numbers 22.-Major T. H. Blacknall, Thirty-seventh Arkansas Infantry.

Numbers 23.-Brigadier General L. M. Walker, C. S. Army, commanding division.

Numbers 24.-Colonel Robert C. Newton, Fifth Arkansas Cavalry.

Numbers 25.-Colonel Archibald S. Dobbin, Arkansas Cavalry.

Numbers 26.-Brigadier General J. S. Marmaduke, C. S. Army, commanding division.

Numbers 27.-Findings of Court of Inquiry in case of Brigadier General Dandridge McRae.

Numbers 28.-Estimate of troops in Trans-Mississippi Department after battle of Helena.

Numbers 29.-Surg. W. M. McPheeters, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Stephen A. Hurlbut, U. S. Army, commanding Sixteenth Army Corps.

MEMPHIS, TENN., July 5, 1863-noon.

Prentiss was attacked in force by rebels under Holmes and Price at Helena yesterday. He estimates the force at 15,000. I think 9,000 will cover their strength. Prentiss sustained their attack until 3 p. m. from daylight, when the rebels were repulsed at all points, leaving 1,200 prisoners. Their loss in killed and wounded is about 500 to 600. Prentiss lost about 60. He has already sent me 860 prisoners, which I send to Alton to-day on the Silver Moon. He has asked re-enforcements. I have sent him the One hundred and seventeenth Illinois. I cannot spare any more. The enemy is picketing everything south of my line, and seems strong. I have no fear of my position, unless Joe Johnston turns north; but am unable to spare men from Memphis, which I hold with an effective force, not 4,000 strong. Ten days will determine all questions as to Vicksburg, and with its fall will come comparative quiet on my line. There are some 1,500, and all is irregular cavalry north of this, whom I will took after as soon as I get time. They are reported to have captured a detachment, perhaps 150, of Asboth's cavalry.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, Ark., July 6, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I feel under obligations to you for the re-enforcements you so kindly sent me yesterday. I am already receiving valuable aid from them, although the attack has not been renewed. I am satisfied the enemy is retiring. His cavalry made a demonstration yesterday afternoon, but I am of opinion it was merely a feint to cover a general

