
prisoners; about 500 shot-guns and rifles at the arsenal were destroyed, and over 100 good horses brought out. The rebels have a large hospital at that place, and the inmates were paroled. the force usually congregated there is now south of West Plains. Our troops have left the place in such shape that I do not think the rebels will again attempt to make a depot. The expedition consisted of the First Iowa Cavalry, Tenth Illinois Cavalry, and one battalion of the Second Wisconsin, all under command of Colonel Wickersham, Tenth Illinois. This movement, with Blunt's victory at Cane Hill, effectually clears the north side of the mountains of all troops except guerrillas.

F. J. HERRON,

Brigadier-General.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS.

SAINT LOUIS, December 1, 1862.

Brigadier-General HERRON, Springfield:

I congratulate you and your cavalry on the success of the expedition to Yellville, Ark. Colonel Wickersham is especially deserving my thanks.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

NOVEMBER 26-29, 1862.- Affairs in Jackson and La Fayette Counties, Mo.

Report of Colonel James McFerran, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. First MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAVALRY,Lexington, Mo., November 29, 1862.

SIR: On the 26th instant, pursuant to instructions received by telegraph from General Loan, through General [R. C.] Vaughan, directing my co-operation with him, I proceeded with all the available force that could be spared from this post, in pursuit of certain forces, said to be engaged committing depredations on the citizens of the counties of Jackson and La Fayette, in this State. We marched to Greenton, 12 miles from this post, and quartered for the night. In this vicinity the widow of Barker, who was murdered by the bushwhackers last summer, had been robbed the night previous of all negroes and horses on the plantation by armed men unknown to the family.

The next morning we resumed our march in the direction of Pink Hill. On the march a man by the name of Grear was shot by our scouts for refusing to obey their summons to halt.

About 1 p. m. we entered the Independence road and found that Colonel [W. R.] Penick had just passed with 110 men, in the direction of Independence. We followed, and in the course of an hour overtook his command.

About 3 p. m. we came upon the Kansas force, encamped at James' residence, and drawn up in line of battle, their right resting across the road at the end of a lane; their left extending in the rear of the buildings. They had their artillery, one 6-pounder, planted on their right, in position to take the lane. A part of Colonel Penick's force marched into the lane, in range of the artillery and small-arms of the Kansas men, before I was aware of their proximity, the road at that point making a right angle.

