
cannot be less than 2,500. We have also captured 2 colors and nearly 2,000 stand of arms. My thanks, as well as those of the nation at large, due Brigadier General F. Salomon, who commanded the Thirteenth Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, in the temporary absence of Brigadier-General Ross, and to whom had been assigned the special supervision of the defenses of Helena; to Colonel William E. McLean, Forty-third Indiana Infantry commanding First Brigade, who held the left flank, and rendered very efficient service on the left wing of the center, about Batteries C and D; to Colonels [S. A.] Rice, Thirty-third Iowa Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, and [Powell] Clayton, Fifth Kansas Cavalry, commanding cavalry brigade, who held the right flank; to one and all the officers and men composing the garrison of Helena, and to Lieutenant-Commander Pritchett and the men under his command for very timely and efficient co-operation. The guns in Fort Curtis and Batteries A, B, C, and D, were handled with great precision and success by the Thirty-third Missouri Infantry.

The members of my personal staff were efficient and tireless in the discharge of their duties. The result shows that all did well, and are entitled to honorable mention.

My command consisted of the following regiments and batteries: Forty-third Indiana Infantry, Twenty-eighth Wisconsin Infantry,m Thirty-third Iowa, Infantry, Twenty-ninth Iowa Infantry, Thirty-fifth Missouri Infantry, Thirty-third Missouri Infantry, Thirty-sixth Iowa Infantry, Third Iowa, Battery K, First Missouri Light Artillery, constituting the Thirteenth Division, Thirteenth Army Corps; Fifth Kansas Cavalry and First Indiana Cavalry, constituting the cavalry brigade; and the Second Regiment of Arkansas Volunteers of African descent.

I have the honor to be sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. M. PRENTISS,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Tennessee.

Return of Casualties in the Union forces, commanded by Major General Benjamin M. Prentiss, in the attack on Helena, Ark., July 4, 1863.

[Compiled from nominal list of casualties, returns, &amp;c.]

Killed Wounded

Command	 Officers	 Enlisted	 Officers	 Enlisted

 	 men	 	 men

THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS

THIRTEENTH DIVISION

Brigadier General

FREDERICK SALOMON.

First Brigade

Colonel WILLIAM E.

McLEAN.

43rd Indiana	 ......	 3	 ......	 6

28th Wisconsin	 ......	 2	 ......	 4

35th Missouri	 1	 3	 ......	 18

Total First Brigade	 1	 8	 ......	 28

Command	 Officers	 Enlisted men	 Aggregate

THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS

THIRTEENTH DIVISION

Brigadier General

FREDERICK SALOMON.

First Brigade

Colonel WILLIAM E.

McLEAN.

43rd Indiana	 ........	 ..........	 9

28th Wisconsin	 ........	 5	 11

35th Missouri	 ........	 ..........	 12

Total First Brigade	 ........	 5	 42

