
to learn that his service have received a proper reward. I write this communication, sir, quite unsolicited, and without the knowledge of Commander Pritchett.

I have the honor to be, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

B. M. PRENTISS,

Major-General.

Numbers 3. Reports of Brigadier General Frederick Salomon, U. S. Army, commanding thirteenth Division, Thirteenth Army Corps,
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Helena, Ark., July 4, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the enemy attacked our lines at 3 a. m. to-day, in force, under command of Lieutenant-General Holmes and General Price, 18,000 strong, and was repulsed everywhere with heavy loss. The engagement lasted until 10.30 a. m., when the enemy retreated, leaving his killed and wounded on the battle-field. We have taken 800 prisoners, about 1,000 stand of arms, and 2 colors. Our loss in killed and wounded is 143. The loss of the enemy, as far as ascertained, in killed, wounded and prisoners, is 2,000.

The bravery and valor displayed by officers and men of my gallant little command stands unparalleled.

My detailed report will be forwarded as soon as the reports of brigade and battery commanders can be obtained.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. SALOMON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major-General PRENTISS,

Commanding District of Eastern Arkansas.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH DIV., THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Helena, July 6, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report:

Anticipating an attack by a superior force, I ordered the whole command to be under arms and on their designated places before daybreak every morning several days before the 4th.

At 3 a. m. on the 4th of July, our whole lines were attacked, simultaneously, by the enemy, 18,000 to 20,000 strong, and under command of Lieutenant-General Holmes, General Price, Generals Marmaduke, McRae, and others. The attack was repulsed, but again and again came their legions ringing the air with their wild yells.

At about 5 a. m. a heavy fog came on, so thick that I could not see the batteries from the fort. Under cover of this fog, the enemy massed his troops in front of Batteries C and D. I immediately re-enforced these points by a portion of the Forty-third Indiana and the First Indiana Cavalry (dismounted), and ordered two companies of the Twenty-eighth Wisconsin in the valley west of Fort Curtis.

Battery D was attacked four times, and the enemy repulsed every time with great slaughter. Battery C was taken on the third assault. Expecting the enemy to attack Fort Curtis now, I ordered one piece of

