
ing on our line, and were only prevented by the continuous fire of our line, assisted by a heavy and well-directed cross-fire from our artillery and the rifle-pits. The Thirty-third Missouri, manning the guns in the various batteries along the entire line, was at all points exposed to the hottest fire of the enemy, and deserve the highest praise for their bravery and efficiency.

The heavy loss sustained by the enemy fully attests the bravery, the discipline, and the efficiency of your entire command. There was taken by my command several hundred prisoners. We have buried 156 of the enemy. There were also taken three stand of colors and several hundred stand of arms. The rout of the enemy was complete at all points. The loss in my command was 45 killed, 96 wounded, and 30 missing.* A full report of the above from each regiment I append hereto. As a portion of my brigade, the Thirty-third Iowa and part of the Thirty-third Missouri, were in another part of the field from that assigned to my command, and acted more immediately under your own observation, I trust, in case I have not been able to present fully the part they took in the action, that you will the deficiency in your official report.

A detailed account of the part taken by the various regiments of the brigade would involve not only what was done by them, but by other brigades, who bore an equally honorable part in the entire engagement, and especially that of Colonel [P.] Clayton, of the Fifth Kansas, who, with the First Indiana Battery and his cavalry, bore an important part in the engagement on the right of the line. Where all did so well, invidious distinction would be out of place. If some bore more conspicuous parts than others, it was because the position of their own commands placed them in a more important position.

I take especial pleasure in referring to Colonel [Thomas H.] Benton, [jr.,] of the Twenty-ninth Iowa; Colonel [C. W.] Kittredge, of the Thirty-sixth Iowa; Lieutenant-Colonel [W. H.] Heath, commanding Thirty-third Missouri; Lieutenant-Colonel [C. H.] Mackey, commanding Thirty-third Iowa; Lieutenant-Colonel [R. F.] Patterson, Twenty-ninth Iowa; Majors [H. D.] Gibson, [G. W.] Van Beek, and [C. B.] Shoemaker, who, from their coolness, efficiency, and daring, are worthy of especial mention. They were at all times at the post of danger, cheering their men. Lieutenant [J. F.] Lacy, my acting assistant adjutant-general, acted as my aide during the engagement, and rode to whatever part of the field required his presence, and afforded me assistance of the most valuable character, and I take especial pleasure in referring to him.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL A. RICE,

Colonel Thirty-third Iowa Infantry, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain A. BLOCKI, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel Thomas H. Benton, Jr., Twenty-ninth Iowa Infantry.

HELENA, ARK., July 6, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken in the engagement of the 4th instant by my regiment:

My men were drawn up in line of battle at daylight, and at 4.30 a.m.,

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 391.

---------------

