
eral hundred prisoners and two stand of colors. As soon as I had completed this movement, I ordered a flank movement from this road on the enemy who were in front of Battery C. I selected Companies B and K for this purpose, and ordered them forward. I then ordered my right wing to attack the enemy in front, in conjunction with a party of the First Indiana Cavalry, dismounted under the command of Lieutenant Colonel [T. N.] Pace. This movement only partially succeeded, caused, as I suppose, by misapprehension by Colonel Pace of an order of General Prentiss. We succeeded so far, however, as to capture about 100 prisoners. This last movement terminated the battle. It was now 10 a. m. The men were very much exhausted, having been constantly engaged for six hours. From 80 to 100 rounds of ammunition had been expended to the men. The loss of my own regiment was-killed on the field, 17, wounded, 52; taken prisoners, 17.* (There men were taken at Battery C.) Eighth of the wounded have since died from their wounds. I went into the engagement with 500 men. The officers and men of the entire command behaved themselves splendidly. The force we had to contend with was at least five to one, and I feel perfectly safe in saying that the regiment took as many prisoners as we had men in action. They all did so well that it is a difficult matter for me to attempt to particularize who did best. I take particular pleasure in mentioning the names of Major H. D. Gibson, Captain John P. Yerger, Captain John Lofland, Lieutenant Cheney Prouty, and Captain L. W. Whipple. The manner in which these officers conducted themselves is deserving of the highest praise. I would also call your attention to the good conduct of Second Lieutenant [C. H.] Sharman, of Company G, who had command of the picket guard. He succeeded in holding the enemy in check until we were fully prepared to receive them, brought his guard all off (except a number that were killed and wounded) in good order, and joined the regiment. He was wounded in the head very severely, but I think not dangerously.

The foregoing report, hastily written, and not so complete as I should have wished, is most respectfully submitted.

CYRUS H. MACKEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Thirty-third Iowa.

Colonel SAMUEL A. RICE, Commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 7. Report of Colonel Charles W. Kittredge, Thirty-sixth Iowa Infantry.

HELENA, ARK., July 5, 1863.

SIR: Yesterday morning this regiment was in line at 3.30 a.m.; at 4 a. m. the engagement commenced, and I have much gratification in saying that every officer and enlisted men did his duty faithfully and well. We remained upon the field under arms until 11 o'clock to-day, when we returned, by your order, to camp. I am under obligations to the chaplain, Rev. M. H. Hare, and to Regimental Quartermaster Stevens W. Morrill for their valuable services, they being the only field and staff officers present, the others being absent on sick leave of absence.

The casualties of the regiment are 1 killed and 4 missing.*

Very respectfully,

C. W. KITTREDGE,

Colonel, Thirty-sixth Regiment Iowa Infantry.

Colonel SAMUEL A. RICE, Commanding Second Brigadier, Thirteenth Div.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 391.

---------------

