
parapet of Battery D. There were others who did as well as those named, but whose names have not been handed me. The entire regiment, officers and men, behaved with steadiness and judgment.

Very respectfully,

WM. H. HEATH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel SAMUEL A. RICE,

Commanding Second Brigadier, Third Div., Thirteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 9. Report of Captain John G. Hudson, Thirty-third Missouri Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS BATTERY D,Helena, Ark., July 4, 1863.

SIR: I have the pleasure of submitting the names of the following officers of the Confederate Army who were taken prisoner in the attempt to charge on my battery, with near 400 soldiers: *

* * * * *

I have received a few straggling prisoners after the engagement was over. I will give you the full account at any time you wish. I fired my first gun at 4.25 a. m., and ceased at 10 a. m. My men behaved finely. I was supported by a battalion of the Forty-third Indiana Volunteers and two companies of the Thirty-third Iowa Volunteers.

I am, respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN G. HUDSON,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Major JAMES O. PIERCE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 10. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas N. Pace, First Indiana Cavalry, Clayton's brigade.

HELENA, July 6, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders, I herewith transmit a list of killed and wounded of my command, First Indiana Cavalry, together with a statement of the part the regiment took in the attack on Helena, on the 4th of July, 1863.

I little before 4 o'clock, on the morning of the 4th of July, two messengers came in from the picket post on the Little Rock road, bringing word that the enemy were advancing, driving in the pickets before them. i immediately ordered the bugle to sound to horse, and, forming the regiment, moved up the levee near town, and awaited orders. Soon received orders from you, through your adjutant, to move tents and baggage within the line of fortifications as rapidly as possible, leaving part of the command to guard the train, and with the rest to form line of battle behind the Fifth Kansas, which was already drawn up in the open flats just above town. I immediately ordered Major [J. D.] Owen to take two companies, with one piece of our small rifled guns, and cover the rear of the train, and with the balance of my command I took positions as ordered. General [B. M.] Prentiss then ordered our guns some distance in front, up the levee, and Companies M and L were dismounted and sent forward as a support. Our battery was com-

---------------

*Nominal list reports 1 field officer, 6 captains, and 14 lieutenants.

---------------

