
injustice to the rest. To Major Owen, however, I am particularly indebted for the valuable aid and assistance he rendered me in carrying out the different orders I received, and for his coolness and bravery. Lieutenant [S. J.] Kelso, commissary, deserves notice for his timely aid in furnishing food and water to the men while they were engaged. Lieutenant [J. M.] Craig, quartermaster, also did his whole always on hand with ammunition for the regiment and battery. Many of the men fired over 100 rounds.

Yours, &amp;c.,

THOMAS N. PACE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding First Indiana Cavalry.

Lieutenant M. W. BENJAMIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 11. Report of Lieutenant Melvil C. Wright, Third Iowa Battery.

HELENA, ARK., July 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to the order of the general commanding, I have the honor herewith to submit the following report of the part taken by the Third Iowa Battery in the engagement of yesterday:

In accordance with previous instructions, at 3.30 a. m. I ordered one section of the battery, under command of Second Lieutenant O. H. Lyon, to a point near Battery D, on the left of our line.

The second section, under command of Sergt. L. S. House, which has for some time been in park on the right of the line, immediately upon the commencement of the battle pushed forward a few hundred yards to our extreme right, and took position, supported by a portion of the Second Infantry Brigade, Colonel [S. A.] Rice commanding, and the cavalry brigade, Colonel [Powell] Clayton commanding. immediately after getting into position, this section was joined by a battery of steel guns, attached to the First Indiana Cavalry, and Colonel Clayton then assumed command of the whole. This officer then changed the position of his guns to a point on the east side of the levee, on our right, where he remained during the whole engagement. At 6 a. m. the 12-pounder howitzer, in charge of Sergt. L. S. House, was disabled by the breaking of the understraps which fasten the cheeks to the axle-tree, the accident being caused by a recoil of the gun. It was immediately taken to park for repairs, but could not be finished in time to take further part in the engagement.

At 6.30 a. m. the third section, which until then remained in camp, was dispatched, in charge of Orderly Sergt. J. J. Dengl, to re-enforce the right wing. On taking position, it immediately opened, and kept up a constant and effective fire against the guns of the enemy, posted on the hills on the extreme right, until recalled by order from the general commanding to Fort Curtis, where it was again effectively employed against the enemy int heir last charge on our works.

The section under Lieutenant Lyon was first engaged about 7 a. m., and was after that constantly in action until the close of the battle, and for a considerable length of time very hotly pressed. During the charge on Battery C Lieutenant Lyon changed the position of his 6-pounder gun to command the ravine running from the Catholic Church westward, and, by his fire, contributed very materially in repulsing the enemy. Separated as the battery was during the whole engagement, it

