
is impossible to give as complete an account of the part taken in it by the different sections, and to notice particularly the conduct of my officers and men, as I could wish. While my entire command did their duty nobly, justice to them compels me to report particularly with regard to the following officers: Lieutenant Lyon was during the entire engagement with his section, directing the fire of his guns and encouraging his men by his example to deeds of valor, which, I am confident, the general commanding will appreciate. The lieutenant had his horse wounded twice, severely though not fatally.

From Colonel Clayton I learn that Sergeant House, in charge of section, behaved finely, displaying a great deal of courage and energy, as did also the other non-commissioned officer in his command.

Or Orderly Sergt. J. J. Dengl, having charge of third section, I can speak from personal observation. He was on hand, ready and active; with a thorough appreciation of the situation, he showed himself to be emphatically an artillery officer.

Lieutenant Lyon speaks very highly of the conduct, under the most trying circumstances, of the non-commissioned officers of his command, particularly of Corpl. Daniel Folsom, gunner. The loss of the battery is very light, having lost 1 horse killed and 7 horses wounded.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, your most obedient servant,

M. C. WRIGHT,

First Lieutenant Third Iowa Battery, Commanding.

Captain A. BLOCKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Forces, Helena, Ark.

Numbers 12. Report of Lieutenant John O'Connell, Battery K, First Missouri Light Artillery.

HELENA, ARK., July 22, 1863.

SIR: I take pleasure in sending you a copy of a report of the part taken by Battery K, First Missouri Light Artillery, in the engagement of July 4, 1863, at this place.

Yours, respectfully,

JNO. O'CONNELL,

First Lieutenant First Missouri Light Artillery.

Lieutenant GEORGE W. CUTLER,

Adjutant First Missouri Light Artillery.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. BATTERY K, FIRST MISSOURI LIGHT ARTILLERY,Helena, Ark., July 5, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with your instructions, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by Battery K, First Missouri Light Artillery, in the engagement of yesterday, July 4:

Soon after the alarm gun was fired, I received an order from the adjutant-general to send a section of the battery into the earthworks on the levee, and I immediately ordered the second section, under command of Lieutenant Thomas D. Witt, to occupy the position indicated. The first section, under my immediate command, had been placed in position the night before, at the rifle works, a short distance south and east of the hospital, at about 6 o'clock, when the enemy made the charge upon the

