
fort in rear of General Salomon's headquarters. The second section opened fire on the charging column, but soon after received orders from the adjutant-general to cease firing; that our shells were endangering the lives of our own men. But having so fair a view of the enemy, and being in good range, Colonel McLean, commanding brigade, took the responsibility of ordering the lieutenant in command of the second section to open fire again, which order was obeyed with alacrity, and apparently to the great annoyance of the enemy. Soon after this, about 6.30 or 7 o'clock, a second column of the enemy made a charge down the ravine to the left of the fort above the hospital. I opened fire with the entire battery upon the advancing column, and continued the fire until the enemy were repulsed. From the peculiarity of the position, the second section had either to hold its fire or else to fire over the entire length of rifle works which ran from the river to the bluff, and which was occupied by our own troops. The letter course was adopted; and, owing to the premature explosion of a defective shell, a brave soldier, of the Forty-third Indian, i am informed, was killed. Sadness and regret will not, fortunately, repair the damage. About 8 o'clock the enemy brought a battery in position upon the ridge next south of the white house occupied by Widow Clements. My entire battery opened fire on their position, and soon had the satisfaction of silencing their guns. During the forenoon the enemy again undertook to plant a battery in the same position, but we had such perfect range upon it that they could not hold long enough to fire over three shots, and I am informed that one of their guns was disabled. During the afternoon I fired occasionally a few shots at small bodies of the enemy, which were once in a while visible. I have no occasion to make special mention of any man of the battery for a display of coolness and courage; they all deserve it. I take pleasure, however, in remarking the splendid shooting made by Sergeant Matthias and Corporals Miller and Green. I am happy to inform you that the list of casualties is very small, constituting, viz: Corporal Greenbeck, slightly wounded, and 1 horse killed. The battery fired during the day 456 rounds of ammunition.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JNO. O'CONNELL,

First Lieutenant First Missouri Light Artillery, Commanding Battery K.

Captain A. BLOCKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 13. Reports of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith, C. S. Army, commanding Trans-Mississippi Department.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., July 10, 1863.

GENERAL: The inclosed dispatches show the action upon the suggestion of the Secretary of War in regard to Helena. It is with deep pain that I have to announce the result.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond.

