
more recently in the Provisional Army of the Confederate States), are, in my opinion, worthy of recognition on the part of the Government.

I must also commend the excellent discipline which General McRae maintains at all times in his brigade; the marked good sense and energy with which he conducted its march to Helena; the promptitude with which he has always obeyed my commands, and the earnest efforts which he made to re-enforce General Fagan toward the close of the attack.

I have not in any former report mentioned the officers of my staff, though most of them have been eminently deserving of praise for gallant and meritorious conduct upon more than one hard-fought field. Justice requires that I should not permit the present occasion to pass without placing upon record my sense and appreciation of the merits and worth of those of them, at least, who participated in the present movement.

Major Thomas L. Snead, senior assistant adjutant-general of my command, to whom I have been often indebted for vigorous support in hours of perilous trial (part from the intelligent and faithful performance of the responsible and onerous duties of his office), surpassed himself this conflict, rallying the troops again, and urging them forward to the scene of action. In this work, under the hottest fire of the enemy, and until we had swept their intrenchments and carried the hill, he was faithfully, fearlessly, and gallantry assisted by Major L. A. Maclean, assistant adjutant-general.

My thanks are due to my aides-de-camp - Lieutenant Richard T. Morrison and Lieutenant Celsus Price - for their willing assistance promptly rendered upon this as upon other hotly contested fields.

I commend all of these officers to the lieutenant-general commanding, and through him to the President, for promotion on account of gallant and meritorious conduct of the field.

Acting Engineers John Mhoon, of Alabama, and D. C. Cage, of Mississippi, not only deserve honorable mention for their gallantry upon the field, but for the skill and energy with which they overcame the difficulties that obstructed my road from Cache River to Helena. I have repeatedly recommended Mr. Mhoon for appointment in the Engineer Corps, and again respectfully urge the President to recognize the worth of so excellent an officer. Mr. Cage's services demand a similar recognition.

Nor should the less conspicuous but equally useful services of Major Isaac Brinker and Major John Reid be passed over in silence. To the practical good sense and untiring and well directed energy of the former, as chief quartermaster of my division, I am greatly indebted for the accomplishment of the march to Helena and back to this point; while the latter, as chief commissary of subsistence, has, in spite of many difficulties, continued to subsist the troops both regularly and well.

Lieutenant Colonel Clay Taylor, chief of artillery and acting chief of ordnance, discharged the onerous duties of both these officer with laborious fidelity and to my entire satisfaction.

To my chief surgeon, Thomas D. Wooten; to Surg. William M. McPheeters, and to Assistant Field Purveyor R. M. Slaughter, my constant thanks and commendation are due for the sedulous manner in which they have at all times devoted themselves to the sick and wounded, but never more humanely of more conspicuously than upon this occasion. These gentlemen tell me that they owe their grateful acknowledgments to the Rev. Mr. Marvin for the very important services which he rendered at their hospitals, not only offering the consolations of his holy

