
office to the dying, but ministering assiduously to the wants of the wounded.

Major John Tyler, jr., C. S. Army, acting, for want of an appropriate command, as volunteer aide-de-camp, remained by my side in view of special contingencies which might fittingly task his valuable accomplishments.

Mr. Charles T. Perrie, volunteer aide-de-camp, is also entitled to my thanks for the activity which he displayed at the opening of the attack.

I would refer particularly to the gallant conduct and bearing of Mr. Gustavus A. Dyes, clerk in the office of the assistant adjutant-general, and of Orderly Daniel M. Kavanaugh, both of whom have, by their conduct on this field, merited commissions in the army, and both of whom have borne themselves equally well on more important battle-fields.

Major Henry M. Clark, assistant inspector-general, was detained from the field by serious illness; Major E. C. Cabell, paymaster, by duties elsewhere.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General.

Captain JOHN W. HINSDALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 16. Report of Brigadier General Dandridge McRae, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS McRAE'S BRIGADE,July 14, 1863.

MAJOR: I submit the following report of the action of my brigade in the assault upon the town of Helena upon the 4th instant:

On the 3rd, orders were issued from district headquarters for General Parson's and my brigades to assault and take the fort upon the Graveyard Hill at daylight upon the morning of the 4th. By agreement, General Parson's brigade was to move in front until he got into position, so as to enable him to rush past the fortification by way of the ravine south of the Graveyard Hill, and then charge the fort in reverse. As soon as General Parsons was in position, my brigade was to move to the left and charge the works in front simultaneously with the assault to be made by General Parsons. The evening before the assault, General Parsons and myself had been furnished with five guides. We took up the line of march at 12 o'clock at night. Three of these guides went with General Parsons. I also sent to his front one company of sharpshooters, under command of Captain [N. C.] Biscoe, of [R. A.] Hart's regiment, Captain Biscoe being familiar with the country. Before daylight our column was halted to wait until the other attacking columns were in position. After forming into columns of divisions, we again moved on. As soon as the enemy's fire opened, General Parsons sent back for another guide, those sent with him having deserted him. At this time we were upon the ridges, three in number, each having a fort upon it and firing, and in appearance were exactly alike. Here I halted for a short time in doubt as to the route. finding the correct route, who pushed on upon the crest of the hill to where the timber was cleared

27 R R - VOL XXII, PT I

