
away, in front of the rifle-pits, and then crossed to the north side of the ridge, and moved up to a position that I thought near enough to make a charge; but between my position and the work that was to be carried there was a deep ravine just in front of the fort. As soon as the command was massed in position, a general rush was made into the fort and the works were carried. This assault was made for the north. The enemy were driven from the works and pursued into the verge of the town. About this time General Parsons' brigade entered into the fort, he having charged about the same time as my brigade, thus rendering the capture of the position certain, for, had our assault failed, he would have been so close that we could not have failed.

Here I would state that, while moving along the north side of Graveyard Hill, my command was exposed not only to the fire of the fort and rifle-pits in front,but also to the fort north of Graveyard Hill, which fort was not attacked, and to whose fire my command was exposed.

While moving along, I discovered a battery of field pieces was being moved to the rear, so as to completely enfilade my command, and being in point-blank range for canister. Before marching I had armed Captain [John G.] Marshall's company of artillery with muskets and moved it along in rear of my column, so that in the event we captured the fort I would be prepared to work the guns. I now was compelled to use this company as sharpshooters, and deployed them, ordering them to approach as close as possible to the battery and prevent it getting into position, which they accomplished in a very gallant manner.

As soon as the works were carried, I at once returned to where I had deployed Marshall's company, and ordered Captain Marshall to call in his men and take charge of the guns and work them.

While giving these orders, Lieutenant-General Holmes rode up and ordered me at once to the assistance of General Fagan, who was attacking the fort upon the south of Graveyard Hill. I at once went to the fort and ordered my officers to assemble their men; but before they were able to do so, General Holmes again, in a peremptory manner, ordered me to the assistance of General Fagan. I had not more than 200 men with me. With them I charged down the hill, aiming to assault the fire of the enemy was so withering that with the force I had it artillery situated opposite its mouth, and completely enfiladed with rifle-pits in point blank range. I therefore deployed my men and commenced firing upon the rifle-pits and works, which were being attacked by General Fagan, aiming to make as great a diversion as possible.

I remained here until I was informed that the enemy had retaken the works on Graveyard Hill, when I sent Captain [P. M.] Cobbs, of Hart's regiment, with his company, to General Fagan, and to inform him that I was unable to attack the works in front, being now exposed to fire in rear as well as flank. I crossed over the narrow ridge in front of the fort attacked by General Fagan, and the fire was so great and severe that the men were compelled to cross this ridge singly. When I reached the crest of the hill, I discovered General Fagan's men in a rifle-pits in front of the main works, and they seemed too few, even re-enforced with what men I had, to accomplish anything, and within a short time I saw them rush out of the rifle-pits into a deep gorge immediately in their rear. Discovering the enemy moving around the crest of the hill, and fearing that I would be surrounded, I retreated into the ravine between the two forts attacked, and reorganized what command I had with me, and then moved to the rear, forcing every straggler that I found to fall into the

