
ranks. The first field officer that I met was Colonel [A. T.] Hawthorn, at some huts where some of General Fagan's wounded were, and in a short time General Fagan came up. After moving a short distance, from here, I met General Holmes.

I must here call your attention to the facts that the information concerning the localities, strength of the enemy, &amp;c., was very erroneous. The ground over which we moved was almost entirely impracticable; the crest of the hill so narrow that it would have been murder to have attempted to have assaulted along it; the sides of the hill, full in gulches, with almost perpendicular sides, and that covered with fallen timber, so places as to most impede an approach; they day one the hottest; our column not only exposed to a storm of shell, but for a long way (say 600 yards) to a fire of canister and grape, front and flank, as well as from sharpshooters from rifle-pits, which were placed by the enemy to protect every possible approach. Under all this I am proud to say that my little brigade of less than three regiments, and these small, moved steadily, without faltering, upon the fore, protected by fortifications and artillery, and the hill up which the final rush was made was so steep and slippery that it was almost impracticable. For all that, with a wild shout they rushed up it, drove the concealed enemy from his position, and seized his works. I am happy and proud to state that the officers and men in my brigade did their whole duty, and where all did so well a distinction is difficult.

As for my field officer, that they did their duty it needs but to state that if 9 that went into the battle 6 were wounded, 2 mortally.

Attention is called to the gallant conduct of Colonel [R. A.] Hart, who led his men to the assault, and when in the fort seized one of the enemy's guns and fired in the assault.

Here also fell mortally wounded Lieutenant W. F. Rector, adjutant of Hart's regiment, whose gallantry and undaunted bravery signally distinguished him in the assault.

Major [J. M] Davie, gallantry leading his men, fell shot through the thing in front of the fort.

Captain [W. C.] Robinson, acting major, fell mortally wounded in front of his men.

There also fell mortally wounded the brave, the zealous Major [J. C.] Martin, of Hart's regiment, as also Major [A. F.] Stephenson, of Gause's regiment.

There also fell Captain [J. C.] Garland, of Glenn's regiment, Lieutenant [Thomas A.] Eppes, of Gause's regiment, than whom a better man or braver soldier has not offered up his life during the war.

Lieutenant [J. W.] Crabtree, of Glenn's regiment, displayed the greatest intrepidity.

Sergeant [John H.] Champ, Company A, of Hart's regiment, deserves the greatest credit for gallantry, rushing in advance of his regiment in the charge.

Color-Sergeant Garland, of Glenn's regiment, also deserves special mention. He advanced his regimental colors to the front, and maintained his position through the assault, his colors being torn into ribbons.

My thanks are due my staff for efficient aid rendered me during the action; especially to Lieutenant John W. McKay, my acting assistant inspector-general.

