
In conclusion, I will state that I left the field without orders. Having been ordered by General Holmes to the part of the field upon which General Fagan's brigade fought, I was unable to communicate with Major-General Price; but when I left, all effort upon our part had ceased.

My loss is as follows: Killed, 46; wounded, 168; missing, 133. Total, 347. For further particulars reference is made to list sent herewith, which is respectfully submitted.

Respectfully,

D. McRAE,

Brigadier-General.

Major THOMAS L. SNEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Price's Division.

Numbers 17. Report of Brigadier General M. Monroe Parsons, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE, PRICE'S DIVISION,July 10, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by my brigade in the battle of Helena, on the 4th instant:

On the evening of July 3, the army bivouacked on the Little Rock and Helena road, and 6 miles from the latter place. It having been determined to attack the enemy at dawn next morning, the disposition of the troops for the various points of attack was immediately made by the lieutenant-general commanding the army and the major-general commanding this division. The assault and capture of the enemy's works on Graveyard Hill was assigned to the major-general commanding Brigadier-General McRae's brigade (Arkansas) and my brigade (Missouri Volunteers). This position was by the lieutenant-general commanding believe to be the strongest of all the enemy's works, and the key to all his defenses. He was particularly solicitous that it should be carried and held at all hazards. It was represented to contain six heavy pieces, protected by earthworks and a line of rifle-pits on its front, and extremely inaccessible on account of the numerous sharp ridges, steep ravines, and felled timber in its front and flank. These works were situated between Fort Hindman on the right and another fort on the left, both being within rifle range of the position to be assailed by my command, and supported in its rear by another fort between it and the town of Helena, and Fort Curtis, obliquely to the right and rear of the works to be assaulted. All these fortifications were situated upon high, steep hills, with deep ravines and felled timber between, rendering the rapid and orderly movement of troops very difficult.

At 12 o'clock on the night of the 3rd the division was put in motion, my brigade in advance, which moved in the following order, viz: First, battalion of sharpshooters, Major [L. A.] Pindall commanding, in front; second, the Ninth Regiment, Colonel [J. C.] White; third, the Eighth Regiment, Colonel [S. P.] Burns commanding; fourth, the Seventh Regiment, Colonel [L. M.] Lewis commanding; fifth, the Tenth Regiment, Colonel [A. C.] Pickett commanding. After moving on the main road

---------------

*Embodied in statement on p. 412.

---------------

