
to one of my colonels to attack and carry the fort in direct on of the town, and he proceeding to execute the order, the other commandants understanding it to be a general movement toward the town, advanced in that direction, some portions of regiment rushing into the town and even to the river bank. All the way from Graveyard Hill to the town, and through it, those devoted troops were exposed to a fatal cross-fire from the enemy's artillery and musketry. It was here that my loss was the heaviest. Not more then half of those that went in that direction returned; the remainder were killed, wounded, and taken prisoners.

From time to time the enemy made repeated assaults on Graveyard Hill, but was always successfully repulsed. While General McRae and myself were thus holding it under the terrific storm of bullets hurled upon us, both from the right and from the left, he suggested that if I with my command would hold the position he would assault Fort Hindman in the rear, which General Fagan was then engaging in front. This arrangement having been agreed upon, he moved with what troops he had at his disposal to the assault; but being assailed by the guns from the fort, by the musketry from the rifle-pits, and in flank by the heavy artillery from the gunboat, he was compelled to withdraw his gallant command into the timber for shelter. During these operations against Fort Hindman the enemy was continually shelling my position from the fort upon my left, and repeatedly advanced against me, but was each time repulsed. General Fagan having retired from the assault upon Fort Hindman, no troops were now upon the field except my own. The enemy moved upon me in front and upon both flanks and opened a furious cross-fire of artillery from right and left. I still maintained my position, driving back the enemy's infantry wherever assaulted.

At 10.15 a. m. I received an order from the major-general commanding to retire. I immediately sent orders to commandants of regiments and Pindall's battalion to withdraw their commands in good order and fight the enemy as they retired. At 10.30 a. m. I withdrew my command from the field.

It gives me great pain to report the heavy losses in brave officers and men that my brigade sustained on that bloody field.

The following is a summary of my losses* in each regiment, battalion, and the artillery detachment:

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.	 Total.

7th Regiment.	 17	 126	 54	 197

8th Regiment.	 14	 82	 67	 163

9th Regiment.	 7	 53	 ...	 60

10th Regiment.	 11	 41	 237	 289

Pindall's	 9	 26	 8	 43

sharpshooters.

Artillery detachment.	 1	 8	 3	 12

Total.	 59	 336	 369	 764

It will thus be seen that every regiment, battalion, and squad of my brigade was actively engaged with the enemy, and that each sustained its proportion of the heavy losses above reported, Captain Tilden's battery not having been taken into action, it being impracticable to do so on account of obstructions in the line of march.

While the country will long mourn the loss of the gallant officers and

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 412.

---------------

