
men who fell as martyrs to our cause, the historians of this revolution will record them as "the bravest of the brave." For their gallant comrades who now lie disabled from their wounds, the officers and soldiers of this brigade feel the deepest solicitude, and cherish the hope that they will soon recover and return to their commands, to give the country more examples of unprecedented coolness and daring.

To mention the name of any particular officer or soldier as having distinguished himself for gallantry above his fellow would be to do injustice, for the brigade, as a whole, fully sustained its well-earned reputation, and gave additional evidence of the disinterested devotion of Missourians to the cause of their country, showing, as heretofore, that they are always among the first in the breach and the last to leave it.

I am indebted to my aides, Captain [James F.] Edwards and Lieutenant [P. E.] Chesnut, for the prompt and untiring energy with which they assisted me in the engagement. Major [T.] Monroe, my brigade quartermaster, and Major [John B.] Ruthven, my brigade commissary, deserve great praise for the activity [with] which they discharged the duties of their respective departments. Chief Surgeon [C. D.] Baer, with the regimental surgeons and their assistants, were on the field, and by their prompt professional attention to the wounded saved many valuable lives.

A report of detail of the killed, wounded, and missing will be forwarded at an early day to the proper department.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

M. M. PARSONS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major THOMAS L. SNEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Morning Report of Fourth Brigade, Missouri Volunteers, Brigadier General M. M. Parsons commanding, July 6, 1863.

Command.	 Aggregate	 Effective

 present.	 aggregate

 	 .

7th Missouri Infantry. 	 433	 325

8th Missouri Infantry. 	 467	 413

9th Missouri Infantry. 	 168	 161

10th Missouri Infantry.	 236	 231

Sharpshooters.	 190	 157

Tilden's battery.	 82	 72

Total.	 1.576	 1.359

M. M. PARSONS,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 18. Reports of Brigadier General J. F. Fagan, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, &amp;C.,Camp at Searcy, Ark., July 21, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report as follows in regard to the part taken by my brigade in the attack on Helena upon the 4th instant:

On the evening of the 3rd instant, at dark, I ordered Colonel [W. H.]

