
During the entire morning the demonstrations of the enemy behind the levee were of a threatening character. Captain Denson, commanding cavalry detachment, rendered efficient service in counteracting his movements and protecting my right flank. --- ---, of his company, distinguished himself in the capture of 3 prisoners.

I brought off 9 prisoners, 8 negroes, 5 mules, 1 horse and equipments, 1 ambulance and team, and a small lot of clothing and canteens.

Companies B and K (skirmishers), commanded, respectively, by Capts. F. R. Earle and Arkansas Wilson, deserve special mention for the steadiness with which they advanced, drove the enemy before them, and maintained their positions under a heavy artillery fire.

Lieutenant-Colonel [Thomas M.] Gunter and Major [J. R.] Pettigrew were constantly at their posts int he discharge of their duties.

The only casualty in my regiment was Private A. C. Peck, Company B, severely wounded in the chest.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. BROOKS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain WYATT C. THOMAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 21. Report of Colonel J. P. King, Thirty-fifth Arkansas Infantry.

CAMP AT SEARCY, July 22, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the late battle fought at Helena on the 4th instant:

On the night of the 3rd instant, I took up the line of march at 11 o'clock, taking the road leading to helena, and when within about 10 miles of that place I, with Colonels [A. T.] Hawthorn and [S. S.] Bell, led by General Fagan, took the road leading into the town by the way of Hindman Hill. When arriving within about three-quarters of a mile of the hill, we found the roads so blockaded by fallen timber that it was impossible for anything but infantry to pass, and it was with great difficulty that the men could get through at all. By the time I got my regiment to the open road, skirmishing commenced by Colonel Hawthorn, who was moving in front. I immediately moved my regiment up at a double-quick, arriving at the scene of action about daylight. I was immediately ordered by General Fagan to take position on the right of Colonel Hawthorn, who had formed line of battle and was skirmishing with the enemy in the rifle-pits, which were immediately in front of us. Colonel Hawthorn, who had formed line of battle and was skirmishing with the enemy in the rifle-pits, which were immediately in front of us. I moved my regiment as ordered, taking position on the crest of a hill overlooking the town, where I was exposed to a galling fire from the enemy's rifle-pits or breastworks, which were about 150 yards in front of us. By the time I got my men well up and in line, I received an order General Fagan to charge the works in front of me, which I did, but, as you yourself known, the ground was so very rough that it was impossible to move rapidly. After scrambling over and under fallen timber, across a ravine that I would at any other time or under any other circumstances have considered impossible to make my way through, and at last up th side of a hill that was so steep the men had to pull themselves up by the bushes, we reached the first line of breastworks and drove the enemy back. Here we were met with a terrific fire not only from the inner lines of works and an enfilading fire from our left, but from the fort on the hill in front of us near Hindman's

