
house, which was about 200 yards distant from us, and also from the battery on what is known as Graveyard Hill. In this position we kept up a heavy fire, moving forward from one line of works to another until we reached the inner line, the enemy taking refuge in their forts. I then received an order from General Fagan to send a small force round to the right of my position to see that the enemy did not flank us; also to move my regiment to the left, where I found Colonel Hawthorn, with is regiment and a portion of Colonel Bell's, behind the last line of works, which was about 100 yards from the first line. Here we found that it was impossible for our men to go father. Many of them had been left so exhausted that they could not go on. while in this situation, General Fagan ordered me to take the fort, but the men were so exhausted that most of them were unfit for further service. We remained behind the breastworks, keeping up a steady fire at the fort until about 11 a. m., at which time we were ordered off the field.

I cannot speak too highly of the most of my officers and men throughout the fight, particularly of the gallantry of Major [J. J.] Dillard and Adjutant [W. T.] Bourne, who were in every charge, and cheering the men on at all times.

My loss was as follows: 12 killed, 46 wounded, and 20 missing.*

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. P. KING,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment, &amp;c.

Captain WYATT C. THOMAS.

Numbers 22. Report of Major T. H. Blacknall, Thirty-seventh Arkansas Infantry.

CAMP BAYOU DE VIEW, July 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make my report of the part taken by Bell's regiment in the engagement of the 4th instant at Helena.

We moved for half a mile at double-quick, passing through brush and logs with which the road was blockaded, and approached in view of Helena at 4.30 a. m., taking our position on Colonel [A. T.] Hawthorn's left, in line of battle, and commenced firing on the enemy in front. The enemy threatened to flank us on the left, when Captains [G. W.] Hurley's and [W. J.] Donaldson's companies were detached and thrown out to engage him, under my command, to protect our left flank. the regiment then advanced over the first hill. Here Captains [H. C.] Pleasants and [W. J.] Smith were wounded and many men killed and wounded. The ground at this point was almost impassable - an old road and deep ravine full of timber, which scattered our men - and it was impossible to keep in line; but we succeeded in getting through after remaining in the timber and hollows nearly two hours, under a heavy fire, and made a charge, when, the enemy giving way, we entered the rifle-pits. Here many of our men fell, perfectly exhausted from overheat.

At this point the firing ceased on our left, indicating that our forces had been called off. The enemy, seeing our condition, rushed upon and surrounded us, and compelled many of our officers and men to surrender.

The detachment under my command advanced over two ravines and up the hill fronting and nearest to the intrenchments and fort, about 300 paces distant, which position we held about two hours, keeping up a constant fire until the ammunition was exhausted.

About that time Colonel Hawthorn, on our right, ordered a charge on

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 412.

---------------

