
the intrenchments. I called on my men to join in the charge, which, with the exception of Captain Donaldson and part of his company, followed, and in about twenty minutes we reached the intrenchments, where I remained awaiting ammunition which I had sent for, until I was ordered to fall back.

My men, with few exceptions, acted well. I will mention the names of Lieutenant [Joseph J.] Porter, of Company B; Lieutenant [J. D.] Thompson, Sergeant [P. W.] Lowery, and Private [J. T.] Dance, of Company A, as acting with marked bravery.

The loss of the detachment was 2 killed, 6 wounded, and 30 missing.

The regiment entered the fight with an aggregate of 432. The entire loss was 217.

I respectfully submit the above as my report of the part taken by Bell's regiment in the engagement of the 4th instant at Helena.

T. H. BLACKNALL,

Major, Commanding Bell's Regiment.

Captain [WYATT C.] THOMAS,

[Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 23. Report of Brigadier General L. M. Walker, C. S. Army, commanding division.
HEADQUARTERS IN TH FIELD,Camp near Lick Creek, July 7, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the conduct of my cavalry brigade int he battle before Helena on the 4th instant:

In obedience to General Orders, Numbers 2, I moved my command toward Helena on Sterling road. Arriving at the blockade before daylight, I dismounted and sent forward three companies, attempting to capture the enemy's pickets in that direction. At daylight I sent forward three more companies, dismounted, and commenced the work of removing obstacles in the blockade for the passage of artillery. My advance soon became engaged with the enemy. Re-enforcing my advance, and forwarding and bringing into action my artillery, I was continually engaged until nearly 3 p. m. I effectually complied with the part assigned to me in the order of attack by preventing the enemy from throwing troops to Rightor Hill, which they were constantly trying to do, and made two strong efforts, and were repulsed. I protected Brigadier-General Marmaduke's left flank. My command was engaged in front of his left.

At about 2 o'clock I was informed by General Marmaduke that he had already withdrawn his command. I had hard fighting to protect my left flank, and when my right became exposed I commenced to get loose from the enemy and retired.

I must speak in the highest terms of the officers and men of my command upon the occasion. No straggling in reaching the place assigned them, although accompanied by apparently insurmountable difficulties; resisted successfully the enemy, and drove him twice handsomely.

I send herewith reports of Colonels [Arch. S.] Dobbin and [Robert C.] Newton.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. M. WALKER,

Brigadier-General.

28 R R - VOL XXII, PT I

