
of the regiment in line of battle north of the blockade, about 400 yards in the rear of the line of skirmishers, and then awaited to learn the result of the attack made by General Marmaduke upon the battery and fortifications on Rightor Hill, and not learning anything definite, and discovering the enemy moving up between the levee and Mississippi River. I moved my battery forward, according to your order, and commenced firing on the enemy advancing, and also the enemy's batteries playing upon General Marmaduke's command and my front. I then advanced, causing the enemy to fall back, moving their battery some 600 yards farther down the levee. About two hours after, the enemy again advanced, with artillery, and much larger force than at first. I again opened fire on them with my battery and small-arms, and, with the assistance of a portion of Colonel [Robert C.] Newton's regiment, again caused them to fall back and move their battery still farther down the levee, after which skirmishing was kept up until some three hours after the firing had ceased along our entire line, at which time I received your order to fall back slowly on the Grant Mill road, which i succeeded in doing without losing any men after I left the battle-field.

The loss in my regiment, in the engagements, was 4 killed and 8 wounded - 1 mortally, 2 seriously, and 5 slightly. For particulars, I refer you to report of Dr. Dunn, surgeon of my regiment, herewith inclosed.*

The officers and men of my regiment and battery deserve great credit for gallantry and courage displayed on that day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARCH. S. DOBBIN,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment Cavalry.

Brigadier-General [L. M.] WALKER.

Numbers 26. Report of Brigadier General J. S. Marmaduke, C. S. Army, commanding division.

HDQRS. MARMADUKE'S DIV., Jacksonport, Ark., July 25, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report herewith the part taken by my command in the battle at Helena.

I was ordered, on the evening of July 3, to be in position, attack, and take the fort on Rightor's Hill at daylight on the morning of July 4. My command (mounted) consisted of [Joseph O.] Shelby's brigade, about 1,100 men, and [Colton] Greene's brigade, 650 men; total, 1,750.

At 10 p. m. July 3, I marched to get into position. When 3 miles from the fort, I dismounted my whole force, except one company, under Major [Benjamin] Elliott. I then moved forward. When within 2 miles of the fort, I found the road and country thoroughly obstructed, the enemy having chopped down the trees and rendered almost impassable that approach to the fort and town. The country was exceedingly rough. I was delayed some half hour or more by my guides, who lost their way, and reported that they were completely lost and unable to guide me farther, in consequence of which I did not get into position until a little after daylight, but before sun up. The enemy's pickets and skirmishers were encountered some three quarters of a mile from th effort, and driven to within 150 yards of the fort. In this the enemy lost several killed and

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 412.

---------------

