
Estimate of troops in Trans-Mississippi Department after battle at Helena-Continued.

RECAPITULATION.

Districts.	 Aggregate.	 Estimate for

 	 duty.

Arkansas and Indian Territory.	 31.933	 14.508

Western Louisiana. 	 23.597	 11.408

Texas.	 11.717	 6.595

Numbers 29. Reports of Surg. W. M. McPheeters, C. S. Army.

HOSPITAL AT MR. ALLEN POLK'S,

July 6, 1863.

SIR: A squad of Federal cavalry, under command of colonel Clayton, took possession of this hospital about 1 p. m. to-day. General Ross, whose brigade was stationed near by, soon came up, when all the wounded remaining on hand were paroled, amounting to 72 in all. I had previously sent off on yesterday and to-day 63 of the more slightly wounded, including 5 horses. Prior to the arrival of the troops, some five or six shot and shell were fired at the hospital, some of which came within a few feet of the main building, and one struck and fell inside of one of the cabins in which the wounded were lying. This induced me to address a communication to the Federal commander, informing him that this building was occupied as a hospital, and asking him to respect our wounded, but before it was sent Colonel Clayton came up, to whom it was delivered. He stated that he had not observed our yellow flag, but that as soon as he saw it he had sent back and ordered the artillery to cease firing. They remained about an hour. We had nothing to complain of in their treatment. Indeed, General Ross stated that, if we desired it, our wounded here might be sent into Helena, where they could have ice and other comforts; but as they are comfortable here, and as we will probably have an opportunity to send most of them forward to Trenton, where the others have gone, I think I shall not avail myself of his offer. Our wounded are almost all doing remarkably well. Only one death has yet occurred - Private [E.] Strickland, Company I, Gause's regiment, McRae's brigade. As yet I have had no means of ascertaining, with any certainty, the number of our killed and wounded remaining in possession of the enemy. The officers and men varied very much in their statements, some estimating the number at 400, others at 800, showing evidently that it was all guess-work with them. One officer stated to me that they had sent off 570 prisoners on one boat, on the evening of the 4th, including Colonel [L. M.] Lewis. Captain [J. R.] Morris, of Company H, Gause's regiment, who was reported killed, they say was taken prisoner. In the confusion of their occupation of the hospital, I was unable to learn as to the fate of others of our command.

[Federal] officers and men seemed to be in the finest possible spirits over the surrender of Vicksburg, which they assert took place on the 4th, unconditionally, and without a fight, with 22,700 prisoners. General

