
Grant, they say, first sent up a boat with the news of the surrender, and subsequently another giving the number of prisoners. He massed his forces, they say, and marched in unopposed. As marvelous as this is, the officers and men evidently believe it, and when Port Hudson is taken, they say they will have complete possession of the Mississippi River. I could get no definite information as to General Lee's army. One officer remarked that the news from Pennsylvania was "very much mixed." As soon as the wounded here are sent off, or in a condition to be left, I shall start to join your headquarters. Dr. Cunningham left yesterday evening for Trenton, thence for Little Rock, thinking that he could do more good in the latter place. Drs. [C. D.] Baer, [J. H.] Swindells, [A. N.] Kincannon, and Burckhart are still here. Mr. Polk is exceedingly kind, giving only not only his house and everything in it, but his personal services to our wounded.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. M. McPHEETERS,

Surgeon in Charge of Hospital.

Major General STERLING PRICE.

P. S.- Since writing the above, Private John W. Haynes, Company A, Glenn's regiment, had died. Dr. McNair, of Bell's regiment, has also arrived from Helena, having been released, with his infirmary corps of 13 men, all of whom are en route for General Fagan's brigade. He states that all our wounded have been sent up to Memphis; Colonel [S. S.] Bell wounded, and a prisoner. The enemy estimate their loss at 200 killed and wounded. He heard the report of the capture of Vicksburg, but seems not to credit it himself. He was not permitted to bring out or to see a paper.

HOSPITAL AT MR. ALLEN POLK'S,

July 7, 1863.

GENERAL: I had the honor to writing you on yesterday, giving a report of the condition of our wounded here, of a visit from the Federals, and the current news, as far as I could get it, which letter I hope you will receive.

This morning the medical director, a corps of surgeons, and an ambulance train came out to take possession of our wounded, and, if desired by me, to take them into Helena. They brought out such medical and hospital stores as they supposed we needed - sugar, tea, coffee, potatoes, bandages, &amp;c., and were, I must say, very polite and kind, indeed. I we will be able to make them comfortable; whereupon the medical director promised to send us out ice and such other articles as we stand in need of, a list of which I furnished him. I must repeat it again that they were exceedingly kind, and I wish to give them full credit for it. One of their ambulances, horses, and driver, sent out, as they say, to bring in our wounded, was captured, I understand, by General Fagan's command. This they complain of very much. I promised to report the fact to you, assuring them that if the facts were as stated you would certainly have it returned. All the surgeons who were left in Helena and have since returned, speak in high terms of their attention to our wounded, and, as they claim that it was sent out for the benefit of our men, I am satisfied that we would consult our interest by having it promptly returned.

