
Colonel [R. A.] Hart was wounded in the left leg, not dangerously; has gone to Memphis. Adjutant [Edward] Warburg lost his leg. Lieutenant [W. F.] Rector was killed, or rather died; lived six hours. These are the only additional particulars that I have received since my last. Our wounded here are doing as well as could be expected. I am doing all that I possibly can to make them comfortable. Up to this time three deaths only have occurred. I write in great haste, as the messenger is anxious to get off. I will report from time to time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. M. McPHEETERS.

Major General STERLING PRICE.

P. S.- No additional news from Vicksburg.

JULY 4, 1863.- Affair in the Black Fork Hills, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General Odon Guitar, Missouri Enrolled Militia.

MEXICO, MO., July 7, 1863.

GENERAL: A party of the Ninth Cavalry, under Major Draper, on the 4th instant came on a band of rebels, under Pulliam, in the Black Fort Hills, routed them, taking a notorious character by the name of Palmer, and capturing 20 others and equipments. They are yet in pursuit.

O. GUITAR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major-General SCHOFIELD.

JULY 7, 1863.- Skirmish near Drywood, Mo.

Report of Major Elias A. Calkins, Third Wisconsin Cavalry.

CAMP OF DRYWOOD, MO., July 11, 1863.

MAJOR: In compliance with orders received by your hands, on the 7th instant, I detailed, under the command of Captain [Alexander] M. Pratt, Company E, the following companies, of this regiment, for an attack upon the guerrillas, whose rendezvous was supported to be near the junction of the Marmiton and Osage Rivers, some 28 miles north of this camp: Company D, Lieutenant [John] Crites; Company E, Lieutenant [William] Culbertson, and Company K, Lieutenant [John P.] McDowell.

The command left this camp at 10 p. m. of that day, and, by a circuitous march of about 40 miles, reached their destination at 10 a. m. the following day, where the advance came upon the pickets of the enemy, ground, surrounded by swamps and stagnant water. Our force boldly dashed through the marsh and a thick growth of underbrush, where a sharp engagement ensued, lasting about an hour and a half. The enemy were well protected by the timber, but were at length obliged to give way, and fled in all directions. They were closely pursued by the three columns into which Captain Pratt divided his command, the pursuit lasting until near dark. Five of the enemy are supposed to be killed

