
and 3 severely wounded. Among the wounded was the noted guerrilla Pony Hill. Captain Taylor is also reported wounded. Our loss was 1 killed - John H. Robinson, Company E. His body was stripped of the clothing worth carrying away, and his pockets were rifled by the enemy. Their camp was totally broken up and the guerrillas scattered in all directions. The intended raid into Kansas was thereby prevented, at least for the present.

The command returned to this camp at 3 p. m. yesterday, greatly fatigued, but in good health and spirits. The citizen guides who accompanied the expedition, I am sorry to say, knew nothing of the roads or country; led the command a roundabout, unnecessary, and fatiguing march; refused to communicate with the commanding officer, and are totally untrustworthy.

Great credit is due Captain [Alexander M.] Pratt for the energy and daring which characterized his action, and also to Lieutenant McDowell, Lieutenant Culbertson, and Lieutenant Crites, with the gallant men of their respective commands.

Inclosed please see invoice of contraband property taken and delivered to Captain J. G. Haskell, assistant quartermaster.

Very respectfully,

E. A. CALKINS,

Major, Commanding Third Wisconsin Cavalry.

Major H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 7, 1863.- Skirmish with Indians at Grand Pass, Idaho.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Colonel John M. Chivington, First Colorado Cavalry, commanding District of Colorado.

Numbers 2.- Captain Asaph Allen, Ninth Kansas Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel John M. Chivington, First Colorado Cavalry, commanding District of Colorado.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver City, Colo., August 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to send you the "official" report of Captain Allen, commanding Fort Halleck, of the recent skirmish with the Ute Indians near that post. On the receipt of a similar unofficial report from Captain Allen, and before I had received notice that the troops in that part of Idaho Territory were attached to this district, I ordered Major E. W. Wynkoop, First Cavalry of Colorado, to proceed with four companies of cavalry to that country, and recover, if possible, the stock they stole from the Overland Stage Line and others, and to chastise them if they refused to give them up. Major Wynkoop with his command proceeded, with forage and subsistence train, to a point about 100 miles southwest of Fort Halleck. I started on the 17th, and overtook the command on the 24th of July, and on the 27th saw them, with 56 mules packed and fifteen days' rations, taking 150 men, with instruction to penetrate the country to the headwaters of Bear, White,

