
and Snake Rivers, and deeming the state of affairs on the Arkansas and other points in the district such as to require my attention, I returned to this place. Will in due time gave a full report of the expedition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel First Colorado Cavalry, Commanding District.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, Mo.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain Asaph Allen, Ninth Kansas Cavalry.

FORT HALLECK, IDAHO, July 7, 1863.

SIR: At 1 o'clock on the morning of the 7th instant, I started Lieutenants [Henry] Brandley and [Hugh W.] Williams, with nearly my entire command, save 3 men at the post, in pursuit of the Ute Indians, who had stolen 22 head of stock from the mail company, plundered their stations, and committed many other depredations. They overtook the Indians, posted in a pass of the mountains, about 30 miles from this post, shortly after sunrise. The Indians opened fire ont eh troops from the timber and thick underbrush, in which they were concealed. The troops engaged them, dismounting and charging up the steep hill-side, through the timber and brush, drove the Indians, 250 in number, steadily up and over the grow of the hill, when the Indians fled scattering through the mountains. The stock could not be recovered, neither has anything been seen of the Indians since. Sergt. S. N. Waugh was killed in the charge made on the Indians; was shot through the body; lived but a few hours. Six other men of my company were badly wounded, but are doing well.

There were 709 troops engaged. The Indians own to a loss of over 60 killed and wounded; over 20 killed on the filed. They were better mounted and armed than the troops, having Hawkins' rifles, revolves, bows and arrows, and spears, and would have killed a great many more of the troops, but in firing down the steep hill-side they invariably fired too high. It was a perfect hail-storm of lead over the heads of the troops. The battle lasted two hours. The troops deserve much praise for their coolness, steadiness, and courage while under fire; no men could have done better. I stooped all emigrants, enrolled and armed them for the protection of the post, as I had only 3 enlisted men left. These were permitted to resume their journey as soon as the necessity for their detention ceased. There is supported to be about 600 to 1,000 of these Utes in this vicinity or in vicinity of Middle Park. Colonel Chivington, Colorado District, is sending troops over into the "Park" to look after them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. ALLEN,

Captain Ninth Kansas Cavalry Volunteers, Commanding Post.

Captain FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.- I have kept a scouting party out in the mountains ever since the fight, watching the devils.

