
JULY 11, 1863.- Skirmish at Stockton, Mo.

Report of Major Charles Sheppard, Assistant Adjutant-General, Enrolled Missouri Militia.
HDQRS. FOURTH MIL. DIST., ENROLLED MISSOURI MILITIA,Springfield, July 15, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the following engagement with the enemy by the enrolled militia at Stockton, on Saturday, July 11, 1863:

Livingston, the chief of bushwhackers in this district, with 100 men, surprise and attacked the militia at Stockton at 1 p. m. that day. Lieutenant W. A. McMinn, commanding detachment of Twenty-sixth Regiments Enrolled Missouri Militia, garrisoning the town, had his headquarters and arms at the court-house, and immediately commenced fighting. The fight was short, resulting in the killing of Livingston and 3 others (left dead on the field), and 15 men wounded, and left by the enemy at Whitehair, 10 miles southwest from Stockton. How many men were killed and wounded is unknown. Our loss is as follows: Lieutenant McMinn and 3 others mortally wounded, and 2 slightly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. SHEPPARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Colonel WILLIAM F. CLOUD,

Commanding District of Southwestern Missouri, Springfield.

JULY -, 1863.- Skirmish near Cross Hollow, Ark.

Report of Major James J. Johnson, First Arkansas Cavalry.

CASSVILLE, MO., July 12, 1863.

COLONEL: My scout, under command of Captain [Joseph S.] Robb, has just arrived; went as far as Cross Hollow. The woods are full of Confederates. Two batteries of artillery at Fayetteville; the whole force said to be about 5,000 strong. They also claim that Marmaduke is to be their leader. They have their old Black Battery at Camp Ragan, 6 miles from Fayetteville, on the Huntsville road. Cabell is at Bentonville. Steele has gone in the direction of Phillips' command. The cannonading I heard was at Fayetteville Thursday, celebrating the victory of Helena. This they claim. My scout had a skirmish with one of Cabell's, in which Captain Maghan, of Cabell's command, was killed; also 6 privates, and captured 6 head of horses. Our loss was 1 horse killed. I have 100 of the Second Kansas out now on a scout.

Respectfully,

J. J. JOHNSON,

Major First Arkansas Cavalry, Commanding.

Colonel CLOUD, Springfield.

