
Return of Casualties in the Union forces in the engagement at Elk Creek, near Honey Springs, Ind. T., July 17, 1863.

[Compiled from nominal list of casualties, returns, &amp;c.]

Wounded.

Command.	 Enlisted	 Officers	 Enlisted	 Aggrega

 men	 .	 men.	 te.

 killed.

2nd Colorado.	 5	 ...	 14	 19

1st Indian Home	 2	 ...	 6	 8

Guards.

2nd Indian Home	 *3	 ...	 3	 6

Guards.

3rd Indian Home	 ...	 ...	 2	 2

Guards.

1st Kansas (colored).	 2	 1	 29	 32

2nd Kansas Battery.	 ...	 ...	 1	 1

Hopkins' Kansas	 1	 ...	 1	 2

Battery.

6th Kansas Cavalry.	 ...	 ...	 5	 5

3rd Wisconsin	 ...	 ...	 ...	 ...

Cavalry.+

Total.	 13	 1	 61	 75

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John Bowles, First Kansas Colored Infantry, Judson's brigade.

FORT BLUNT, C. N., July 20, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the First Regiment Kansas Colored Volunteers at the battle of Honey Springs, July 17, 1863:

Previous to forming a line of battle, Colonel [James M.] Williams was informed that his regiment would occupy the right and support Captain Smith's battery. Colonel Williams then called "attention," and said to the men, "I want you all to keep cool, and not fire until you receive the command; in all cases aim deliberately and below the waist. I want every man to do his whole duty, and obey strictly the orders of his officers." We then moved in column, by company, to the position assigned us, and formed in line of battle, when the engagement was opened by the battery. After the lapse of ten minutes, during which time the fire from the battery was incessant, General Blunt came in person to Colonel William, and said, "I wish you to move your regiment to the front and support this battery (which was already in motion); I wish you to keep an eye to those guns of the enemy, and take them at the point of the bayonet, if an opportunity offers." Colonel Williams then made some remarks to the men, intimating that we had work to do, and ordered them to "fix bayonet." We then moved to the front and center, forming to the right of a section of Smith's battery, consisting of two 12-pounder field pieces, that had already taken position within 300 yards of the enemy's lines, which was only apparent by the smoke from the frequent firing of their battery, so completely were they concealed by the brush in their position. Quite a number of rounds of shell and canister had been fired from our guns, when our gallant colonel gave the command "forward," and every man stepped promptly and firmly in

---------------

*Drowned while crossing the Arkansas River, en route to field of battle.

+Not loss reported.

---------------

29 R R - VOL XXII, PT I

