
coolness of veterans. Each seemed to vie with the other in the performance of his duty, and it was with the greatest gratification that I witnessed their gallant and determined resistance under the most galling fire. Where all performed their duty so well it would be hard to particularize.

J. BOWLES,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding First Regiment Kansas Colored Vols.

Colonel WILLIAMS R. JUDSON,

Commanding First Brigade, Army of the Frontier.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Frederick W. Schaurte, Second Indian Home Guards.

FORD BLUNT, C. N., July 20, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to howard to you the hollowing report oh the

battle on Elk Creek, Creek Nation, July 17, 1863, in which my regiment was engaged:

I was ordered to get all my available horse in readiness to march on Thursday, July 16, 1863. My command consisted of field and staff officers, Major [M. B. C.] Wright, Surg. A. J. Ritchie, Adjutant [Ezra W.] Robinson, Chaplain J. B. Jones, and Sergt. Major Ed. Baldridge; of line officers, 4 captains, 9 first lieutenants, and 5 second lieutenants; of enlisted men, 345,10 of whom were mounted. Total, 368.

My command crossed the Arkansas River, below the mouth of Grand River, at 11 p. m. on the 16th instant. There privates of Company F, Second Regiment Indian Brigade, were drowned while attempting to swim the river- Privates Huston Mayfield, Key Dougherty, and To-cah-le-ges-kie. We moved forward on the Texas road (course west of south), and arrived at camp, to the north of and near Elk Creek timber, at 8.45 o'clock, July 17, 1863. About an hour afterward I

received orders to get my command in readiness, and take position

in close column of companies in rear of the First Kansas Colored Regiment. The First Brigade, one which my regiment formed a part, moved forward in close column of companies, on the right of the Texas road, and formed in line of battle near and in front of Elk Creek timber. About 10.20 a. m. Blair's battery, consisting of four pieces, commanded by Captain E. A. Smith, commenced firing. Soon afterward the right section changed position from the right to the left brigade, supported by the First Kansas Colored Regiment. As soon as the artillery ceased firing I was ordered to deploy my command as skirmishers, and enter the timber. My command continued to act as skirmishers during the entire engagement, which lasted about four hours. The enemy were repulsed from the field, and pursued till pursuing became useless, they being well mounted and our men worn down with fatigue. A little after-2 o'clock my command was ordered back to camp on Elk Creek, where it remained until 5 p.m., July 18, 1863, when we were ordered to march for Fort Blunt, on the same route pursued in going to the scene of action. We camped about 12 p. m., on the prairie 2 miles south of the Arkansas River. My command left camp soon after sunrise, and arrived at Fort Blunt at 11 a. m., July 19, 1863.

A stand of colors was captured by my men; also a quantity of arms; the number I could not ascertain, as the men threw them in a pile

whenever they found them.

