
The casualties in my command are as follows: Private Huston Mayfield, Company F, drowned in the Arkansas; Private To-cah-le-ges-kie, Company F drowned in the Arkansas; Private Grass, Company B, wounded in left side, severely; Private Backwater, Company A, right thigh broken, wound mortal; Private Leach Rice, Company I, right hand wounded slightly.

I feel it my duty to state that the officers and men of my command behaved nobly and gallantly. They were the first who charged through Elk Creek and took position in the farther edge of the timber. opposite to where the enemy had massed their forces for the time.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. W SCHAURTE,

Lieutenant Colonel Second Regiment Indian Brigade, Commanding Regiment.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

First Brigade, Army of the Frontier.

Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William T. Campbell, Sixth Kansas Cavalry.

CAMP NEAR FORT BLUNT, C. N.,

July 19, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by my command, consisting of Companies A, C, F, and H, commanded, respectively, by Lieutenant [Thomas J.] Darling, Lieutenant [Richard L.] Phillips, Captain [William] Gordon, and Captain [David] Mefford; also section of mountain howitzers, under Lieutenant [John P.] Grassberger, in action on the 17th instant, at Honey Springs, Creek Nation.

My command left camp at 4 o'clock on the morning of the 16th instant, with a section of Second Kansas Battery, crossing the Verdigris and Arkansas River without loss. After a halt of a few hours, I, with my command, was ordered to take the advance, Company F, Captain Gordon, being advance guard. About daybreak the advance came up with the enemy in considerable force, posted on a rise of ground, and near the timber. The captain immediately formed his men and opened a brisk fire on the enemy, but was compelled by superior numbers to fall back. I brought the rest of my command forward at a gallop to the advance, and, after a sharp skirmish, drove the enemy from his position, with a loss of 1 killed and 3 wounded. Private Banks, of Company C, and Allingham, of Company F, were slightly wounded; also had 1 horse killed. I then advanced and came up with the enemy, posted in force under cover of timber at Elk Creek. Here I came to a halt, and sent a company forward to reconnoiter; found the enemy strongly posted in the woods, their line extending on the right and left of the road. I kept up a brisk fire on them; they, however, kept under cover. Private White was here shot through the shoulder. At 7 o'clock I was transferred from the command of Colonel Judson to that of Colonel Phillips (Colonel Judson retaining,the section of howitzers), and assigned to the extreme left of battle. Shortly after the general engagement commenced, I discovered the enemy endeavoring to flank us, under cover of timber. I immediately dismounted Com-

