
panies C, F, and H, and sent them into the woods as skirmishers, and after sharp work of about an hour and a half succeeded in driving the enemy back, and turning his right flank, with slight loss. During this time Colonel [S. H.] Wattles, First Indian Regiment, made a gallant charge, driving the enemy from his position, which relieved my flank. I immediately recalled my men, and, after obtaining a supply of ammunition, mounted and started in pursuit. Shortly after crossing the creek, I charged into a large body of rebels, whom I took to be Stand Watie's Indian and Texans. They retreated to the woods, where they made a stand. My men dismounted and opened a vigorous fire, which, together with a section of Hopkins' battery and the mountain howitzers, soon put them to flight. I followed on until ordered to cease pursuit, the enemy retreating in great disorder. Hospital Steward Holdeman was badly wounded while on the field.

I state with great pleasure that the officers and men under my command behaved, without exception, coolly and bravely.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel WILLIAM R. JUDSON,

Commanding Troops in the Field, &amp;c.

Numbers 5. Report of Captain Edward R. Stevens, Third Wisconsin Cavalry.

CAMP NEAR FORT BLUNT,

July 19, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the battalion of the Third Cavalry Wisconsin, Volunteers in the action at Honey Springs, on the 17th instant:

My command was formed in battle order on the right about 10 a.m., in accordance with your orders, and moved forward toward the enemy., posted in the edge of the timber. A portion of my battalion was sent farther on the right, for the purpose of flanking the enemy. The howitzers, which we were supporting at his point, opened upon the enemy, posted behind a rail fence, in the edge of a corn-field. These two movements forced the enemy to fall back upon their center. Dismounting a portion of my command, I skirmished the woods, capturing 8 prisoners, with their arms, and, following the enemy through the timber, I encamped on the prairie beyond.

I am highly gratified to speak in terms of praise of the conduct of officers and men under my command, and of their bravery and promptness in obeying orders. The able manner in which our force was handled in other parts of the field drew the attention of the enemy in such a manner that they inflicted no loss,obedient servant,

E. R. STEVENS,

Captain Third Wisconsin Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Battalion.

Colonel WILLIAM R. JUDSON,

Commanding Brigade.

