
Numbers 7. Report of Major J. Nelson Smith, Second Colorado Infantry, Phillips' brigade.

FORT BLUNT,

July 19, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part taken by the battalion of the Second Regiment Colorado Volunteers at the battle of Honey Springs, after having been put in command by Colonel [Theodore H.] Dodd, he going to the rear with prisoners:

I was ordered by General Blunt to rally two companies of my command to support Hopkins' battery, which was to cross the creek in pursuit of the enemy. After rallying my companies, we crossed the stream, and discovered the enemy on a hill, or rise of ground in the advance. Here Hopkins' battery, supported by my infantry, opened upon the enemy, who fled in confusion after the second fire. I was here ordered by Colonel [William A.] Phillips, commanding brigade, to have the rest of my command brought forward, which order was promptly obeyed, I at the same time moving my two companies forward in support of the battery, until we occupied the enemy's former position. Here the remainder of my command came up. After halting a short time we were ordered into camp.

Killed or wounded, none.*

I have no one to censure or praise, as every officer and soldier tried to do his duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. NELSON SMITH,

Major Second Regiment Colorado Volunteers.

Colonel WILLIAM A. PHILLIPS,

Third Indian Volunteers, Commanding.

Numbers 8. Report of Colonel Stephen H. Wattles, First Indian Home Guards.
HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT OF INDIAN HOME GUARDS,Fort Blunt, C. N., July 18, 1863.

COLONEL: On the morning of the 17th of July, 1863, we came upon the enemy at Elk Creek. My command was ordered to the left, in support of Hopkins' battery, and then ordered to charge the enemy out of the timber. I advanced, under a destructive fire from the enemy, after hard fighting, gained a position in the timber, and finally drove them across the stream, on the left of the bridge, the enemy forming several times, and desperately contenting every foot of ground.

Too much praise cannot be awarded to both officers and men for their gallant conduct in the battle. Among the former who did efficient service were Lieutenant Colonel George Dole, who had command of the left wing, and was the first to cross the stream, which he accomplished, under a most galling fire from the enemy, who were formed on the opposite side; Actg. Adjt. E. C. Lowe, Captains No-ko-so-lo-chee and So-nuk-mik-ko,

---------------

* But see p. 449 for casualties in remainder of regiment.

---------------

