
and Lieuts. R. T. Thompson, Fred. Crafts, Fred. R. Jacobs, and Charles N. Rix. Of the latter who deserve honorable mention are O. P. Willetts, A. Flanders, and Thompson Overton.

My loss was: Killed, 2; wounded, 6; missing, none. Number of guns captured, 24.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

STEPHEN H. WATTLES,

Colonel, Commanding First Indian Regiment.

Colonel WILLIAM A. PHILLIPS,

Commanding For Blunt

Numbers 9. Report of Captain Henry Hopkins, Kansas Battery.

FORT BLUNT, C. N.,

July 21, 1863.

COLONEL: I would submit the following as a report of the part taken by Hopkins' battery in the engagement of July 17, 1863, at Honey Springs, Ind. T., between the forces under Major-General Blunt and the rebels under Cooper:

Receiving orders to be in readiness to march at 6 a. m. on the 16th instant, with six days' rations, at 12 m. of the same day orders were received to cross the Arkansas, at the mouth of Grand River. Effecting a crossing at dark, marching 2 miles south, and resting for three hours, we again took up line of march in a southwest direction, coming upon the enemy's outposts at daylight. Line of battle was formed, but, discovering the enemy had fled, we were again ordered forward. Moving forward 6 miles, the enemy, under command of Cooper, was discovered in force, occupying a strong position, in a thickly wooded ravine. Moving up in line of battle to within 300 yards of the enemy's position, we were ordered by yourself to commence firing and shell the woods in the immediate front, which continued for one hour and a quarter. Immediately after our fire opened, the enemy's battery was discovered occupying a position to our right and front, which opened fire upon us with shot, shell, and canister, wounding 1 sergeant, mortally (left leg shot off above the knee), killing 1 private, killing 4 horses, and wounding 4 others, totally unfitting them for service.

Discovering one of their guns occupying an open space in the woods, an order was given to direct the fire of two guns upon it, and, if possible, dismount it, which was soon effected. By the explosion of one of our shells, the cannoneers belonging to that piece and all their horses were killed or wounded. Orders were given to cease firing, limber up, and move forward to the edge of the woods, the position the enemy's battery first occupied, and halt until one section of Captain Smith's Second Kansas Battery should pass and cross the ravine.

One of the teams being disabled, I ordered Lieutenant [John F.] Aduddell forward, with three pieces, and as quickly as the disables horses were replaced I followed with the other piece, and rejoined the other three. The section of Captain Smith's battery not passing, orders were received to move forward on double-quick, and occupy a position on the prairie beyond the ravine. Lieutenant Aduddell moving to the left of the road with one section, opened upon the enemy's cavalry, upon a hill beyond, causing them to fall back quite precipitately, the shell

