
bursting in their immediate vicinity. Again moving forward one- quarter of a mile, a line of the enemy's cavalry was discovered and driven back after the firing of a few rounds of shell. At this point the sections were divided and ordered to move forward to the right and left of the road, the right section under command of First Lieutenant John F. Aduddell and the left under. Sergeant [C. M.] Greve. Firing now almost entirely ceasing, excepting a few rounds from the left section, and moving forward about 1 1/2 miles, we were ordered to halt, as the enemy had retreated, and our stock was too much exhausted to follow them farther. Immediately after fighting had ceased, and we were selecting a campground,we discovered at the edge of the woods, in their old camp, nearly the entire camp- equipage of one regiment, cooking utensils, tents, &amp;c., which we destroyed.

Casualties: One killed and one mortally wounded, since died. The section and pieces were commanded as follows: Right section by Lieutenant J. F. Aduddell; left section by Sergeant Greve, acting first sergeant; first piece, Sergeant [J. G.] Pettigrew; second piece, Sergeant [Daniel] Sayre, mortally wounded; third piece, Corporal [J. R.] Rice; fourth piece, Sergeant [O. F.] Fahnestock. Sergeant [J. F.] McKibben, on detached service, recruiting, not being assigned to any duty, assisted, and much credit is due him for his services rendered during the action. Great credit is due Lieutenant Aduddell for his coolness and bravery during the entire action, moving to any part of the battery when necessary, and directing the fire of the pieces with good effect; also Sergeants Greve, Fahnestock, Pettigrew, Corporals Rice, [J. S.] Payne, [T.] McClain, and Farrier [Joseph] Ibbatson, acting gunner to second piece. The fire of the enemy's artillery being directed at us, and taking considerable effect among both men and horses, great praise is due the men for their coolness and courage during the entire fight, and [they] proved themselves worthy of promotion.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. HOPKINS,

Captain, Commanding Hopkins' Battery.

Colonel WILLIAM A. PHILLIPS,

Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 10. Report of Brigadier General Douglas H. Cooper, C. S. Army, commanding Confederate forces.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, INDIAN TROOPS,Imochiah Creek, near Canadian, August 12, 1863.

GENERAL: My official report of the affair at Elk Creek, on the 17th ultimo, has been delayed in consequence of the troops under your command and the difficulty of getting correct report from subordinate officers of the killed the wounded. Referring to my notes of the 18th ultimo, I now have the honor to submit the following:

On July 15, reports were sent to me from the officer in charge of the pickets on Arkansas River that it had become fordable above mouth of Verdigris; that Federal officers were seen examining the fords; that the two spies, Clark and Lane, formerly employed,in the quartermaster's department at Forts Arbuckle and Cobb, Who imposed themselves upon

