
three companies of the Sixth Kansas, who had suffered severely in the charge, and formed them across the valley, and the four howitzers, coming up at the same time and opening on the enemy with shell, soon forced them to retire. yet they seemed determined to dispute the passage of the defile to which I have referred - a position admirably adapted for defense, and beyond which, as I afterward learned, there was a wide, open valley; hence their obstinate resistance at this point, in order to save their guns. I resolved, however, at all hazards to force my way through this gorge, and, as darkness was approaching and I had no time to get up infantry and send them out upon the flanks, I prepared to make an assault in front. Loading the four howitzers and one section of Rabb's battery with double canister, I ordered them up by hand, in battery, with the three companies of the Sixth Kansas with Sharps' carbines advancing in line in rear. I had directed that not a gun should be fire until I gave the word. When within about 400 yards of the enemy, who were defending the gorge, and as I was about to give the word to fire, an officer from General Marmaduke came galloping up with a white flag. On sending an officer to receive it, they requested the privilege of taking off their dead and wounded. Consideration for the fate of Lieutenant-Colonel Jewell, and others who had fallen upon the ground they then occupied, and whom I feared they might brutally murder, induced me to respect their flag of truce, convinced though I was at the time that it was a cowardly trick, resorted to enable, them to make good their retreat and save their guns. It being now dark, and my men entirely exhausted and without food, I considered further pursuit useless, and returned with my command to Cane hill.

The casualties in my command were 4 killed and 36 wounded; 4 of them mortally, since dead. Among the latter was Lieutenant-Colonel Jewell, of the Sixth Kansas. He was a brave and gallant officer, whose noble example is worthy of emulation. Lieutenant J. A. Johnson, of the same regiment, a daring and excellent young officer, received a desperate would from a musket-ball, which passed entirely through his body; yet it is hoped he will recover. The enemy's loss is 75 killed; wounded not known, as they took a large portion of them away.

The officers and men of my command who took part in the engagement behaved, without exception, nobly.

To the following members of my staff, Major V. P. Van Antwerp, inspector-general; Captain Lyman Scott, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant J. Fin. Hill, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant D. Whitaker, acting aide-de-camp, I am indebted for efficient and valuable services during the day.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Division, Army of the Frontier.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.

SAINT LOUIS, December 1, 1862.

Brigadier-General BLUNT:

I tender you and the officers and men under your command my thanks for your gallantry and success in the battles of Old Fort Wayne and Cane Hill, Ark.

The District of Western Arkansas is added to your command,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

