
Colonel De Morse's conduct, though suffering under a severe wound, has been represented to me as all that should characterize a brave man. Colonel Martin, for his coolness and good management of his command, deceiving the enemy as to his real strength, and preventing our left from being turned, deserves great credit. Captain Gillett behaved with his usual gallantry. Major Carroll was active and prompt in bringing his men into cover the retreat. Colonel Walker and his Choctaws behaved bravely, .as they always do. Captain [F. M.] Hanks, of Bass' regiment, was also distinguished for his gallantry, being dangerously wounded while carrying orders which I had sent to Colonel Bass to draw the right wing to his support. And the lamented[H. H.] Molloy, of the same regiment, fell, mortally wounded, soon after having delivered my order to his colonel to move De Morse's Martin's regiments up on the right flank of the enemy, who were advancing upon the battery at the center.

Captain Johnson, who commanded a detachment from Colonel Bass' regiment, came under my immediate notice. His conduct was, at the most trying time, cool and collected-that of a brave man and good officer. The nature of the ground precluded the possibility of personally observing all the movements of our troops and the conduct of the men and officers. Among those who were mentioned with praise by their immediate commanding officers are Capts. Hugh Tinnin, James L. Butler, and James Steward, First Cherokee Regiment; Adjt. L. C. De Morse, Twenty-ninth Texas Cavalry; Lieu. Henry Forrester and Sergt. J. Riley Baker, Lee's light battery; Lieutenant A. G. Ballenger, Second Cherokee Regiment (killed), and Acting Sergt. Major J. H. Reierson, of Bass' regiment, and Sergt. Henry Campbell, of same regiment, were particularly distinguished, &amp;c.

Mr. P. N. Blackstone was particularly distinguished for his courage on the field. After being severely wounded, he succeeded in repulsing three of the enemy who attacked him, killing one of them and taking his gun, which he brought off with him, together with his own, closely pursued by the enemy, after the greater portion of our troops had left the field.

Of my personal staff, Lieutenant T. B. Heiston, aide-de- camp .and acting assistant adjutant-general, all speak in the highest terms. He was on this, as on all former occasions, wherever duty called him, conspicuous for his gallant bearing.

My son, Douglas H. Cooper, jr., additional aide-de-camp, is mentioned favorably by Colonel Bass in his report for his good conduct while conveying my orders amid the thickest of the fray.

I am also indebted to Mr. S. A. Robinson for valuable assistance in conveying orders.

Referring to accompanying reports for further details, and to list of killed and wounded, I general, Respectfully,

DOUGLAS H. COOPER,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General WILLIAM STEELE,

Commanding Department of Indian territory.

[Inclosure A.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, INDIAN TROOPS, Numbers 25. Elk Creek, July 14, 1863.

I. The First and Second Cherokee Regiments will constitute the right wing of the brigade, Colonel Stand Watie, senior colonel, commanding.

