
II. The left wing will be composed of First and Second Creek Regiments, Colonel D. N. McIntosh commanding.

III. The center will consist of Twentieth Texas dismounted cavalry, Twenty-ninth Texas Cavalry, Fifth Texas Partisan Rangers, and Lee's light battery, Colonel Thomas C. Bass, senior colonel, commanding.

IV. Scanland's squadron, [L. E.] Gillett's squadron, and First Choctaw and Chickasaw Regiment, Colonel Tandy Walker commanding, will be attached to headquarters and constitute the reserve, to which such other troops belonging to this brigade as may report will be added until further orders. Captain [John] Scanland will fall back to a position which will be assigned him near headquarters, Honey Springs.

The right wing will encamp convenient to the two lower crossings on Elk Creek; the center near or at such places as may be convenient to the middle ford, and the left wing at or near the upper ford; the reserve near headquarters, Honey Springs Depot. Commandants of each wing will see that necessary ways are opened along the front and near Elk Creek to enable the troops to move with facility from point to point, and also that proper roads from the camps perpendicular to the way along the bank of the creek are opened. Each regiment will occupy a front at least equal to the number of files, minus one-fifth. For example: If the total of a regiment be 1,000 men, or 500 files, the front will be 400 yards. The proper intervals between squadrons and regiments will be observed, and kept free from obstruction, to allow the passage of the troops. These intervals may be increased where the ground is obstructed, and in timbered places the line may be extended. In case of attack there should be an advance party thrown out to and along the skirt of the prairie in front (north side of the creek), with adequate supports formed near the cover of the timber on the north side. Commandants will examine the ground in front of them, and especially creeks, bayous, or wooded ways leading from the prairie north and west of camp down southward and connecting with main bottom of Elk Creek. These smaller Creeks will be case of attack by the enemy to penetrate to Elk Creek, and thus flank the different position near the fords. These can be used by our troops to advantage in gaining a position in advance of the general line of the prairie to flank the columns of the enemy while advancing on the roads leading to the fords. It is necessary that commanding officers should examine and understand the ground in front of their own positions, and also those occupied by other corps.

By order of Brigadier General D. H. Cooper:

THORNTON B. HEISTON,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.

JULY 18-26, 1863.- Scout from Cassville, Mo., to Huntsville, Ark., etc.

Report of Colonel James W. Johnson. Twenty-sixth Enrolled Missouri Militia.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Cassville, Mo., July 26, 1863.

GENERAL: A scout under Captain Galloway has just returned from an eight days' scout, in the direction and vicinity of Huntsville, Ark., and to Berryville, killing 6 rebels and capturing 3, chasing pretty much

