
JULY 30, 1863.-Skirmish near Lexington, Mo.

Report of Colonel James McFerran, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

LEXINGTON, MO.,

August 3, 1863.

GENERAL: I have honor to report that, on the 29th instant, Captain [H. F.] Peery, Company K, of the First Missouri State Militia Cavalry, with a detachment of 27, of Companies K, C, and I, of said regiment, together with 15 men of Enrolled Missouri Militia, left this post as an escort for the paymaster (Major Smith) en route for Marshall, in Saline County, distant about 40 miles. The Enrolled Missouri Militia having arms under escort for Freedom Township, in this county, left Captain Peery about 20 miles below here, and the paymaster's escort continued their march for about 5 miles, and put up for the night. The next morning, Captain Peery's command was attacked by about 100 guerrillas, under Blunt and Graves, and after a sharp conflict, were repulsed, with the loss of 2 horses and 3 men mortally wounded. Captain Peery lost 1 man mortally wounded and 7 horses. The paymaster reached his destination in safety.

All of which is most respectfully reported by order of-

JAMES McFERRAN,

Colonel, Commanding First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

General EWING,

Commanding District of the Border.

AUGUST 1, 1863.-Skirmish at Taylor's Farm, on the Little Blue, Mo.

Report of Captain Charles F. Coleman, Ninth Kansas Cavalry.

CAMP NEAR LITTLE SANTA FE,

August 2, 1863.

DEAR SIR: On Friday, July 31, I received information that a band of guerrillas intended to rob a train which was encamped in the vicinity of Westport. I immediately sent word to the commanding officer at Westport, by Lieutenant Brown, that the train would be robbed that night, unless prevented, and that if he came out, to come on the north side, next to the timber, and that I would watch the train on this side. I arrived in the vicinity of the train about 9.30 p. m., and took a position close enough to see any party that might approach; but having received no answer the commanding officer at Westport, I had no idea that he was coming. I had been there about thirty minutes when I saw a body of men approach the train from the east, and, from their action, I was certain at that time that they were guerrillas, and immediately ordered an attack, they retreating and we pursuing. I did not discover the mistake until we overtook some of their men, and found hat they were Federal soldiers. I called off my command and ordered a halt until daylight, and, while waiting there, the party that had robbed the train come in sight of us. I started in pursuit of them, and about 1 p. m. the next day run on them at Mrs. Taylor's, on Little Blue. We gave them one volley, which they returned, but when we fired the second time they ran, leaving 4 dead on the ground. I had my men dismounted, and by the time we got in the saddle again, and

30 R R-VOL XXII, PT I

