
owing to the timber being so thick, I did not succeed in capturing the guerrillas. They numbered about 40 men, and were well mounted. I think there were several wounded. None of my men were hurt.

Yours, respectfully,

C. F. COLEMAN,

Captain Company D, Ninth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry.

General EWING.

AUGUST 1, 1863.-Affair at Round Ponds, near Castor River, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk, U. S. Army, commanding District of Southeast Missouri.

Numbers 2.-Colonel John B. Rogers, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 3.-Lieutenant Colonel J. Ellison, Tenth Missouri Cavalry (Confederate).

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk, U. S. Army, commanding District of Southeast Missouri.

PILOT KNOB, Mo.,

August 3, 1863.

GENERAL: One of General Davidson's trains, of 30 wagons, was attacked on Saturday night, near Castor River, and destroyed. Ten of our men were killed outright; others mortally wounded. The mules have been recovered; the horses were los; train burned. The entire country along the border is swarming with guerrillas. Burbridge is near Greenville with his own regiment, and is being re-enforced by Reves and Freeman. I have sent every mounted man I have to Patterson this morning. It requires more than half of the force in the district to guard General Davidson's line of communication and garrison the post of Bloomfield and Chalk Bluff.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.

Numbers 2. Reports of Colonel John B. Rogers, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, Mo.

August 2, 1863.

GENERAL: The attack on the train last night was serious. Ten men were killed, 2 mortally wounded, and 2 slightly; all horses are lost. The party was surprised by the Bolands and murdered. There were buy 12 of the attacking party. There must have been inexcusable negligence; but in those swamps the party can approach very near before being seen.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier-General FISK.

