HEADQUARTERS ARKANSAS EXPEDITION,Devall's Bluff, Ark., August 31, 1863.

The rebel troops, including Marmaduke's, are positively west of Bayou Meto. They are fortifying 3 miles this side of Little Rock, Price in command, and intend to hold us in check until Kirby Smith collects his forces at Little Rock. I advance to-day.

very respectfully,

FRED'K STEELE,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK.

September 1, 1863.

DEAR SCHOFIELD: General Hurlbut writes me that he understands my command is in your department. I have received no orders to that effect.

General Grant directed me to report to headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps. Yesterday I sent you a dispatch in reply to the one about Marmaduke. I don't believe there are 100, Confederate soldiers north of White Rive, in Arkansas. They have collected everything in front of Little Rock. There is good reason to believe that Kirby Smith is collecting all the troops in the Trans-Mississippi Department at Little Rock. He has been heard to say frequently that if he could not hold Little Rock he could not hold Texas.

Davidson with his cavalry drove Walker and Marmaduke from Brownsville across Bayou Meto. Marmaduke was superseded by Walker in command of the cavalry division, for allowing our gunboats to take the two steamers up Little Red River.

Marmaduke is reported wounded at Bayou Meto. My troops are on the march, and I expect to be at Brownsville with my entire force tomorrow. True's brigade crossed at Clarendon yesterday, and will be at Deadman's Lake to-day. There is more water on this route than I had anticipated, such as it is.

Price is intrenched 3 miles this side of Little Rock, and is supposed to have about 14,000 men; his position is covered in front by swamps heavily timbered. As soon as I have reconnoitered his position, I will write you.

My entire force for duty will fall considerably short of 12,000. Many of our men have been taken down with fevers, and chills and fever, lately.

Very truly, yours, in haste,

FRED'K STEELE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARKANSAS EXPEDITION,Little Rock, Ark.,

September 12, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following as a summary of the operations which led to the occupation of the capital by the expeditionary army under my command:

On the 31st day of July, I arrived at Helena, and, pursuant to instructions from Major-General Grant, reported by letter to the commander of the Sixteenth Army Corps for instructions relative to the fitting out of

