
tion of its officers opened such a fire of musketry that the enemy hastened his retreat.

Thus we crossed the mountain, and, having entered the Cove Creek Valley, the enemy were charged by the Sixth Kansas Calvary, of the First Brigade. Upon his making a determined stand, and for the time resisting successfully the cavalry, the Eleventh Kansas came up, as also did a section of Rabb's battery, under Lieutenant [W. W.[Haines, who had just placed his guns in a commanding position, and was ready to fire, when the enemy sent a flag of truce. I was ordered by you to meet it, which I did, and, in the interim which followed, night came on and hostilities ceased, I returning with my brigade to bivouac for the night.

I took with me in the morning Captain [A. P.] Russell and Company K, of the Second, and, passing over the ground occupied by the rebels, found them gone, and, burning a disabled gun carriage left by them, I returned to camp at this place, satisfied with the day's work.

Herewith I have the honor to transmit the reports of the various commanders of my brigade. Of the officers and men I am constrained to speak in the highest terms; all did their duty as soldiers.

W. F. CLOUD,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

Brigadier-General BLUNT,

Commanding Army of the Frontier.

ADDENDA.

Statement of killed and wounded at Cane Hill and upon Boston Mountains, November 28, and in skirmishes to December 15.

Command.	 Killed. 	 Wounded.

2nd Kansas Cavalry.	 1	 8

11th Kansas.	 ... 	 8

1st Indian Home Guards.	 1	 2

Rabb's [Indiana] battery.	 1	 4

Total.	 3	 22

Numbers 4. Report of Major Albert C. Ellithorpe, First Indian Home Guards.

CAME HILL, ARK., December 1, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that my regiment was engaged, during the battle of the 28th instant [ultimo], in a skirmishing fight over the hills and through the ravines and woods, a distance of about 4 miles. I found the men willing and eager to engage the enemy. All the company officers were prompt and at their posts. Lieutenants [A. F.] Bicking, [F.] Crafts, [F. J.] Fox, [S. C.] Hall, and [E. C.] Manning, proved themselves competent for the emergency. Adjutant [J. H.] Gillpatrick rendered efficient service throughout the day. I learn that 1 of our men only is killed and 2 slightly wounded.

I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

A. C. ELLITHORPE,

Major, Commanding.

Colonel WILLIAM F. CLOUD,

Commanding Third Brigade.

