
Wittsburg en route for Clarendon, Ark.; arrived at the L'Anguille River on the 3rd. On the 4th, the supply train was sent from that point to Helena for the purpose of procuring supplies, while the command continued its march. On the 6th, the Tenth Illinois and Third Missouri Cavalry were detached, under command of Colonel [Dudley] Wickersham, of the Tenth Illinois Cavalry, and sent to Cotton Plant to cut up Walker's brigade, which was reported at that place. It was found this brigade has crossed White River. On the 8th of August, the division arrived at Clarendon. The next day the gunboats, sent for by me from Wittsburg, came up White River to Clarendon, under command of Captain Bache, U. S. Navy.

On the 13th, an expedition, consisting of three gunboats, under Captain Bache, having Major [G. A.] Eberhart's battalion, of the Thirty-second Iowa Infantry, on board, went up the Little Red to Searcy. This expedition returned on the 15th, having captured two rebel steamers, in good running order (the Kaskaskia and Tom Sugg), and having destroyed the bridge of fiats over which Marmaduke crossed his command, and within 3 miles of his (then) headquarters. Subsequently information has been received that, among others, Colonel Gilkey, C. S. Army, was killed by the troops of this expedition.

On the 17th, General Steele arrived at Clarendon and assumed command of the Arkansas expedition, of which the cavalry division now forms a part. The cavalry division crossed White River, August 18, having been detached to the front by Major-General Steele, to ascertain the position and intention of the enemy.

On the 23rd, the reserve brigade, Colonel [J. F.] Ritter commanding, was detached to hunt up Walker, said to be camped in observation from 7 to 10 miles on our right front. Walker had fallen back on Ritter's approach. The whole division marched on the 25th (the baggage train being left in charge of Lieutenant-Colonel [James] Stuart, with his regiment, the Tenth Illinois Cavalry, at Bayou Two Prairies), and encountered Marmaduke's and Walker's troops posted at Brownsville, with two pieces of artillery. The enemy were driven out after a short action by the First Brigade, under Colonel [W. F.] Geiger, and Hadley's battery, and pursued 9 miles, when, night coming on, the brigade returned to Brownsville. Among the prisoners captured this day was Colonel Burbridge, C. S. Army, commanding a brigade. Major Rogers, Merrill's Horse, commanding line of skirmishers, deserves special mention.

The next morning a reconnaissance, consisting of the First Iowa and Third Missouri Cavalry, of the Second Brigade, and Clarkson's battery, was pushed out toward Bayou Meto, on the main Little Rock road. The enemy were found posted in force at a position about 9 miles beyond Brownsville, estimated by Colonel [J. M.] Glover, commanding, at 6,000 strong, who, after examining their position, returned. On this day the baggage train, under Lieutenant-Colonel Stuart, moved up to the command.

The whole division marched again on the 27th, leaving the baggage parked in depot camp at Brownsville, under charge of Lieutenant-Colonel [J. L.] Chandler, with his regiment (Seventh Missouri Cavalry) and Lovejoy's battery. The enemy was found posted in the position of the day before. The ground not admitting of the display of more troops, the Second Brigade was brought into action, under Colonel Glover, commanding, in the following order: Line of skirmishers-one battalion Tenth Illinois Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Stuart; Major Eberhart's battalion, Thirty-second Iowa Infantry, on the left; the Third Missouri Cavalry (dismounted), armed with carbines and rifles, on the

