
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 62 Little Rock, Ark., September 13, 1863.

Soldiers of the cavalry division! I congratulate you that your long, weary march is at length terminated by victory. Little Rock, the capital of the State of Arkansas, the key of the Trans-Mississippi Department, is in our hands. The United States arsenal, uninjured, is repossessed. The feet of the rebel army, who, but a day ago, field with downcast heads through the streets of this city, will tread the sands of the Arkansas no more.

But, comrades, you have gained two victories on the same day. Though flushed with success, though entering this city when the darkness of night would have covered up misdeeds, though your passions were stirred that our soldiers were shot from their saddles within the suburbs of the city, no outrage upon its defenseless inhabitants has stained your hands. I thank you from the bottom of my heart. Your conduct has more than repaid me for many an anxious day and sleepless night. For you, may there be continuous success wherever it may be our lot to go. For me, I have no higher aim and ask no greater honor than to lead such men.

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Numbers 6. Report of Captain Julius L. Hadley, Twenty-fifth Ohio Battery, Chief of Artillery, of engagement at Bayou Fourche.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., November 19, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward the report of the chief of artillery of my division, of the operations of the batteries of the division on the 10th of September. This report has been delayed until now, because Captain Hadley was absent on special business at Saint Louis. I beg it may be forwarded, to accompany my own report of the operations of that day, as it shows the conduct of a gallant officer (Lieutenant Lovejoy) in a proper light.

I am, colonel, your most obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel F. H. MANTER, Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE OF CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, CAVALRY DIVISION,

DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

Little Rock, Ark., September 16, 1863.

GENERAL: I have honor to submit the following report of the operations of the batteries of the division in the action of the 10th of September, resulting in the capture of the city of Little Rock:

In obedience to your verbal orders, I proceeded, on the night of the 9th of September, to arrange the artillery at my disposal to protect the construction of the pontoon bridge across the Arkansas River at the

