
Numbers 7. Report of Colonel Washington F. Geiger, Eighth Missouri Cavalry, commanding First Brigade, of skirmish at Brownsville.

BROWNSVILLE, ARK., August 29, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 25th instant, in compliance with orders from division headquarters. I moved from Two Mile Prairie Bayou with my brigade, in the direction of Brownsville, on the military road. One battalion of the Merrill Horse was ordered forward as advance guard and skirmishers, under command of Major Rogers, who, after marching a distance of some 6 miles, came upon the enemy's outposts, driving them back into a dance underbrush bordering on the prairie. The Merrill Horse and Seventh Missouri Volunteer Cavalry were immediately formed in order of battle and moved forward.

The Eighth Cavalry Missouri Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel [J. W.] Liesenby, forming the left wing of the brigade, was pushed forward to the timber to flank the enemy, if possible, while a battery was brought forward and commenced a brisk fire upon the enemy. In the mean time, a detachment of the Merrill Horse made a brilliant saber charge upon him, forcing him to fall back upon the town, but being closely pursued by my command, was forced to beat a precipitate retreat in the direction of Bayou Meto, keeping up a running fire for a distance of some 7 miles; but night coming on put a stop to farther pursuit, when my command fell back near Brownsville, and bivouacked for the night.

I am, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

W. F. GEIGER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant A. S. MONTGOMERY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 8. Report of Colonel Lewis Merrill, Second Missouri Cavalry, commanding First Brigade, of engagement at Bayou Fourche, and pursuit of the Confederates.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., September 15, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with the order of the general commanding the part taken by the First Brigade, under my command, in the engagement with the enemy on the 10th, resulting in the capture of Little Rock:

During the evening of the 9th, in a personal interview with the general commanding the cavalry division, he explained the general features of the plan of attack, and gave me my orders for the succeeding day, as far as was then possible to do. These were, to move with my brigade so as to reach by 8 o'clock of the following morning a point near the pontoon brigade, but masked from the view of the enemy; to take position upon arriving there upon the left of the Second Brigade, and be prepared to cross immediately behind it; that, after crossing the river, my brigade would march in the rear of everything and be held in reserve, except that it was charged with the protection of the left and rear of the main column.

