
Glover's left upon their right rear, steadily driving the enemy's skirmishers before them, until they drove them across the bayou.

Colonel Geiger, of the Eighth Missouri, deserves especial mention for the ability with which he handled his part of the line; and the coolness and courage with which the field officers of both the Eighth and Merrill's Horse held their men steady, and pushed forward under a galling fire, is worthy of praise.

The officers of my staff-Lieutenant [H. A.] Gleim, Second Missouri Artillery, and Lieutenants [D. O.] Crane and [A. S.] Phelps, Merrill's Horse-bore themselves throughout like soldiers; especially at one time while I was changing horses, and happened to be in range of the two gun battery of the enemy while it was shelling Stange's section (the first time under fire for two of them), they brought and carried their messages and orders with as much coolness as veterans of many battles.

This report has been delayed from the fact that the 11th and 12th were occupied in the pursuit of the enemy, and the report of the different regimental commanders could not be made out in time to have made up this report any sooner.

Congratulating the general and his command upon the brilliant finale of our long and tedious march, I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

Lieutenant [A. S.] MONTGOMERY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE MO.,Little Rock, Ark., September 16, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the troops under my command in the pursuit of the rebel forces under General Price on the 11th of September succeeding capture of Little Rock on the 10th:

By orders of Brigadier-General Davidson, given me in a personal interview during the night of the 10th, I assumed command of a division of cavalry and artillery, made up for the occasion, consisting of the following troops:

First Brigade.-Colonel W. F. Geiger, Eighth Missouri, commanding;Merrill's Horse, Major [G.] Harker commanding; Seventh Missouri Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel [J. L.] Chandler commanding; Eighth Missouri Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel [J. W.] Lisenby commanding.

Second Brigade.-Colonel Powell Clayton, Fifth Kansas, commanding; Tenth Illinois Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel [J.] Stuart commanding; First Indiana Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel [T. N.] Pace commanding; Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, Major [L.] Lippert commanding; the First Indiana having only six squadrons present, and the Thirteenth Illinois only three.

Artillery.-Captain G. Stange, Second Missouri Artillery, commanding; six 12-pounder mountain howitzers of Stange's Second Missouri and Lovejoy's Merrill Horse Batteries; two 6-pounder rifled steel guns, prairie carriages, attached to the First Indiana; Clarkson's battery, Second Missouri Artillery, two 3-inch rifle and two 12-pounder (heavy) howitzers.

The general directed me, with this force, to pursue the retreating col-

