
dark, when they had taken a position behind Hurricane Creek, from which they again retreated at 2 o'clock at night, and that farther pursuit was useless with his force, as they had by this time crossed the Saline, and were within short support of their main column, which had camped behind Saline River, 7 miles from Hurricane Creek. He had been ordered to return when he found pursuit useless, and accordingly returned about 12 o'clock.

The character of the country, and utter weariness of the men and horses, especially of the artillery, some of which had been in harness forty-eight hours, rendered rapid pursuit impossible on second day, and nothing less than a rapid movement would overtake them. This determined me to return, deeming the probability of accomplishing anything further so small as not to be worth the sacrifice of the horses it would cost, the more especially as it was entirely evident that nothing could add to the haste of their flight. I accordingly returned to Little Rock, reaching there about sunset of the 12th.

Everything along the road indicated hasty flight of their whole army, nd the number and stories of the prisoners captured showed a great demoralization of their forces, all agreeing in the statement that the army was greatly dissatisfied and demoralized by the evacuation of their works near Little Rock without firing a shot.

My loss was 1 private, of the Seventh Missouri, wounded. The enemy lost 4 killed, whose bodies were found on the field, and, from the accounts given by the people along the road, must have carried off a number of killed and wounded.

A large number of prisoners were captured at various times during the day, many of them deserters; others, men who had been worn out by the rapidity of the march. I did not have time to take any account of the prisoners, and sent them all directly to the town, ordering them to be reported to the provost-marshal. I should think, however, that the number captured was about 250 to 300. The wagons and arms found scattered everywhere along the road been, in every case which I observed, rendered useless or entirely burned up, and were not worth the effort to collect them, and were accordingly left where they were found.

The conduct of all the troops was such as might have been expected from men who have always fought as well as they have, and it would be unjust to mention specially any particular regiment.

Colonel Geiger, who, during the first part of the day, and Colonel Clayton, who afterward had charge of the advance and the line of skirmishers, handled their commands with courage and good judgment, steadily pushing the enemy throughout the whole day.

Captain Stange, who was in the front with two pieces of his battery, at every stand made by the enemy, except the last, managed them admirably, showing excellent judgment in sheltering his pieces from the enemy, while he had their range so accurately that his little pieces soon silenced the heavier guns of the enemy, and compelled them to limber up and retire.

Lieutenant T. S. Clarkson, commanding battery, of Second Missouri Artillery, and Lieutenant---- * (the name of this officer I have unfortunately forgotten), commanding battery attached to First Indiana Cavalry, handled their guns with accuracy and ability while in action. The force of the enemy opposed to me about 2,200, cavalry and mounted infantry, under Marmaduke, having also four guns, two 10-

---------------

* Samuel Leflar.

---------------

