
At the same time, Captain Cameron, commanding Company F, was sent to a hill still farther to the right of the position occupied by Captain Crawford, and Captain Gardner, commanding Company E, to the right of the position taken by Captain Cameron. Lieutenant [D. E.] Ballard and Captain Russell, with their companies, remained on the hill to support Rabb's battery.

I rode over the where Captain Cameron was stationed, and discovered the enemy in full retreat from the timber on the hill, where they had made a stand, and sent word to General Blunt, communicating to him what I had discovered, and caused Companies A, C, D, F, G, and I to move forward to the front and right, and soon afterward, under direction of Colonel Cloud, skirmished through the timber the enemy had lately occupied; passed out on their trail to the top of the hill I had discovered them retreating over, and awaited there for Captain Hopkins' battery to come up, which, arriving soon after, opened fire on the retreating column, about three-fourths of a mile distant, and upon a section of the enemy's battery on a hill about 1 mile distant. With such precision was the round shot thrown from the gun handled by Corporal Sawyers that the enemy retreated with their pieces immediately.

Companies H and K, left in support of Rabb's battery, having been relieved by the Eleventh Kansas Infantry, came up to the support of Captain Hopkins' battery, under command of Major Fisk, whom I ordered to report to the surgeon to have his wound dressed, and, with the other companies under my command, moved forward to the right front over the chain of hills, where I remained for half a hour inactive.

General Blunt coming up, I moved forward to the town of Newberry, 1 mile south of Boonsborough, and there, under direction of Colonel Cloud, dashed down the road, across the valley to the heights opposite, and pressed the enemy's rear closely to the foot of the mountain, 5 miles from where the fight first commenced. Companies F, G, and I had, by some means, become separated from me in the woods. The enemy had made a stand, placing their artillery upon a high point, and stationed their cavalry at the foot of the hill. I sent Companies C, A, and D, forward through the brush, under command of Captain Crawford, to drive back the cavalry, and a sharp skirmish took place, lasting for several minutes, when the enemy gave way and retreated up the hill, taking position behind his artillery. I here drew in my skirmishers, ordered them to mount and remain under cover. The enemy's artillery opening, Lieutenant Stover, having withdrawing his artillery, I started with my men up the hill. Having gained the point which the enemy had just abandoned, I dismounted my men, and ordered them to skirmish. At this time Captain Russell came up and took position on the right, and with Companies C, D, A, and K, I moved forward to the second bench, when Company C. returned to their horses and mounted. Captain Russell, commanding Company K, pressed forward in advance of everything else around the base of the rocky ledge, just below the summit, along which runs the main road, and Companies A and D pressed on up and over the summit, under my immediate command, and returned into the road about 1 mile from the foot of the hill. I halted to let the Eleventh and Thirteenth Kansas Infantry and Sixth Kansas Cavalry pass; collected my regiment, and moved forward about 2 miles farther into a field, and encamped for the night.

My loss during the day amounted to 1 killed and 4 wounded, my regiment maintaining the advance from the first opening of the fight, at 11

