
pounder Parrotts and two 12-pounder howitzers. Probably a thousand of their force, with two guns, were engaged with me at any one time, the rest retiring to seek a new position, and so alternating throughout the day. In no instance were more than 500 of my men engaged at any one time, or more than two guns, this being all that was found necessary to drive them whenever they made a stand.

For gallant and meritorious services in the engagement at Fourche Bayou, September 10, and in the pursuit of the enemy on the 11th, I have the honor to recommend Colonel W. F. Geiger for the brevet appointment of brigadier-general (vide also previous report).

For gallant and meritorious service and able handling of his command at the affair near Ashley's Mills, September 7, in the engagement at Fourche Bayou, September 10, and during the pursuit of the enemy, September 11, I have the honor to recommend Major Garrison Harker, Merrill's Horse, for the brevet appointment of lieutenant-colonel.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade, First Division Cavalry.

Lieutenant A. S. MONTGOMERY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Division.

Numbers 9. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John L. Chandler, Seventh Missouri Cavalry, of engagement at Bayou Fourche, and pursuit of the Confederates.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., September 13, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by the Seventh Cavalry Missouri Volunteers in the assault and capture of this city and subsequent pursuit of the enemy:

On the morning of the 10th of September, the regiment, being the advance of the brigade, forded the Arkansas River without opposition from the enemy. Upon reaching a point of timber near the Bayou Fourche, the regiment was ordered to deploy to the right of the road, in support of Hadley's battery, where it remained during the engagement at that point. Hadley's battery being withdrawn, the regiment marched into the city, with the remained of the brigade, without further opposition. No loss was suffered by the regiment during the day. At about 8 o'clock on the morning of the 11th, the regiment was ordered, with the remainder of brigade, forward on the Arkadelphia road, in pursuit of the retreating army of the enemy. When about 10 miles on the road, the regiment was dismounted and ordered to deploy on the first line of skirmishers, reliving Merrill's Horse Regiment. After about two hours' skirmishing, the men were remounted, and proceeded to a point about 2 miles in advance, where they bivouacked for the night, and on the afternoon of the next day returned to this city.

The regiment sustained a loss of 1 private, wounded during the skirmish of the 11th of September.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L CHANDLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Seventh Missouri Cavalry.

Lieutenant H. A. GLEIM,

First Brigade, Cavalry Division.

