
petition between the three regiments of my brigade resulted, as it is likely to do in the future, in the complete rout and defeat of the foe.

I must express my admiration for the coolness, bravery, and efficiency of my staff officers. Captains Freeman and Snelling and Lieutenants Haines and Johnson, who were exposed to the hottest of the fire and thickest of the danger, have my sincere thanks for their cordial support.

Casualties, 43 killed and wounded in my brigade proper.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. GLOVER,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Cavalry Division.

Lieutenant A. S. MONTGOMERY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Division.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI,Timm's House, near Little Rock, Ark., September 14, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the troops under my command on the 10th instant, by which Little Rock fell into our hands:

Late in the evening of the 9th instant, I was summoned to the headquarters of General Davidson, at Ashley's Mills, with other brigade commanders of our division. There it was announced by him that early the next morning the whole available force of the army would move; the infantry, under General Steele, to assault the enemy's strong works on the north side of the river, while our cavalry division was to cross the Arkansas River 8 miles below, and move to the capture of Little Rock. He stated that no ordinary obstacle was to be allowed to defeat the purpose of the division; that we were to make a dash upon the city and capture it, and either hold or destroy the enemy's bridges, though it cost us one of our regiments. I was pleased with the announcement that it was my turn to lead the division in this honorable but hazardous enterprise, unless Colonel [J. F.] Ritter, who was to effect a crossing with his cavalry force below, should reach a certain point on the main road before I did, which he did not do.*

At 6.30 a. m. on the 10th instant, my brigade moved up the river some 3 miles, Colonel Merrill's following, and was masked in a thick woods adjacent to the pontoon bridge then being thrown across the river. As soon as the bridge was done, General Davidson ordered over a brigade of infantry to take possession of a levee in the opposite woods, to cover and protect my brigade while crossing and forming, as the enemy had opened artillery upon us. At about 9 a. m. my brigade began to cross the river. When two squadrons of the First Iowa Cavalry were over, they were ordered to the woods in front, where I found the infantry. I requested the officer commanding infantry brigade, as per his orders, to move out and cover my front until my troops were over. This he refused to do,+ when I promptly ordered up two squadrons of the First Iowa (to cover and protect his front, deeming he felt in need of it) to move forward, take, and hold the levee, which was done at the word. As soon as my command was fairly over, it moved out to the

---------------

*Colonel Ritter was ordered away from Buck's Ford by me, and directed to cross in rear of the other two brigades at the pontoon bridge.-J. W. DAVIDSON, General of Division.

+This officer had my orders to advance only to the edge of the woods.-J. W. DAVIDSON, General of Division.

---------------

