
The enemy left many of their dead upon the field, some of whom were devoured by hogs before we could inter them.

If the commanding general will pardon the suggestion, I would say he was risking too much in riding in front of and leading our lines during the battle.

It is with deep melancholy that I mention the death of First Lieutenant Herbert Reed, of Company E, Third Missouri Cavalry Volunteers. He was one of the noblest men of our army. He fell on the left of our line by a solid shot from the enemy's battery, while he was dislodging it with small-arms. I regret there is not time and space to mention by name all those that merit the highest commendation. I cannot omit to mention the names of the following regimental and battalion commanders, to wit: Major Caldwell, Major [L.] Chase, and Captain Jenks, of the First Iowa Cavalry; Major [E. P.] Shaw, Captains [S. N.] Hitt and [W. A.] Chapin, of the Tenth Illinois Cavalry; Captain [J. H.] Reed, commanding Third Missouri Cavalry, and his battalion commanders, Captains [J. A.] Lennon and [J. D.] Crabtree, all for coolness, daring, and good judgment. It is due especially to speak of the general good conduct and gallantry of the men and officers of the Second Brigade. On this as on all other occasions they are strangers to defeat.

I now desire to speak in the most especial manner in commendation of Lieutenant-Colonel Stuart, commanding Tenth Illinois Cavalry, as one of the most accomplished, brave, and self-sacrificing officers in the cavalry service. I do not overrate his merits when I say to-day he should wear a star for his long, able, and faithful services to his country. My staff officers, Captains Freeman and Snelling and Lieutenants White and Haines, are worthy the most honorable mention for their devotion, daring, and energy, going wherever my orders directed them, regardless of every danger.

Accompanying, I submit a list of killed and wounded, which is very light, considering the length of time the obstinacy of the contest. It is be attributed only to my injunctions that the men should shelter themselves as much as possible.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

J. M. GLOVER,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Cavalry Division.

Lieutenant A. S. MONTGOMERY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Division.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel James Stuart, Tenth Illinois Cavalry, of engagement at Bayou Fourche.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., September 14, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Tenth Illinois Volunteers, under my command, during the engagement near Little Rock, Ark., September 10, 1863:

I was ordered by you to move my regiment to the front, at the point of woods, and to deploy one squadron as skirmishers in front, with a support. I immediately deployed B squadron as skirmishers, and placed H squadron as a support for it. I then ordered Major [E. P.] Shaw, whom I left in command of the balance of the regiment, to march it in column of platoons close along the bank of the river. My motive for directing the latter movement was to guard against a repulse of B and H squad-

