
regiment, the transportation to remain behind, under the direction of the regimental quartermaster.

On the morning of the 10th, the regiment marched from camp, at Ashley's Mills, at 6 o'clock, and crossed the Arkansas River on a pontoon bridge, 8 miles below Little Rock. We were at once assigned the advance, with orders to attack and drive the enemy, who was well posted on the direct road to Little Rock. Squadrons A, L, and M, under the immediate command of Captain [J. D.] Jenks, were deployed as skirmishers. In this manner we moved forward 2 miles, through corn-fields and timber, successfully driving the enemy from every position, exposed most of the time to a heavy fire of artillery and musketry. At this point, the Tenth Illinois, which followed in supporting distance, became engaged on the right, and lost two small howitzers. The First Iowa was then withdrawn from their position on the left, and moved to the right. The regiment was here dismounted and moved forward. In a corn-field to the left of the road we captured 6 mules and a caisson filled with ammunition. When we had driven the enemy, in vastly superior numbers, beyond the house now occupied by Colonel Glover as his headquarters, having fought on foot 3 miles, facing a tempest of lead and iron hail unflinchingly, almost exhausted, and the enemy routed, we were relieved by the Third Brigade. After resting a short time, we were again ordered forward, and moved into Little Rock. We bivouacked for the night in a grove in the south part of the city.

I cannot speak too well of the officers and men of the regiment. Their conduct was unexceptionable, and characteristic of the First Iowa Cavalry.

The following is a correct list of casualties: Nominal list reports 1 man killed and 1 officer and 3 men wounded. We captured a few prisoners and lost some horses.

Respectfully submitted.

J. W. CALDWELL,

Major, Commanding First Regiment Cavalry Iowa Volunteers

General E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 14. Reports of Colonel John F. Ritter, First Missouri Cavalry, commanding Reserve Brigade, of action at Bayou Meto and engagement at Bayou Fourche.
HDQRS. RESERVE BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,Camp near Brownsville, Ark., August 29, 1863.

ADJUTANT: In compliance with request from division headquarters, dated August 28, 1863, I have the honor to submit the following report of the Reserve Brigade in the action of August 27, 1863, at Bayou Meto, Ark:

On the advance upon the enemy at Bayou Meto, Ark., on the 27th August, 1863, the Reserve Brigade was ordered to support the First Brigade. In the evening, after the First and Second Brigades had gone back toward Brownsville, the Reserve Brigade started back, leaving at 7.45 p. m., and arriving at camp, near Brownsville, at 11.15 p. m., not having been engaged.

By order of Colonel Ritter:

W. S. HAMILTON,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Lieutenant A. S. MONTGOMERY, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

