
a. m., until 3.30 p. m., following the enemy's retreating column for a distance of about 6 miles. It is unnecessary for me to say more than this for the courage and bravery displayed by the men under my command. I could not discriminate if I desired.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OWEN A. BASSETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Second Kansas Volunteers.

Lieutenant B. S. BASSETT,

A. A. A. G., Third Brigadier, First Div., Army of the Frontier.

Numbers 6. Report of Captain Henry Hopkins, Second Kansas Cavalry, commanding battery.
HEADQUARTERS HOPKINS' BATTERY,Boonsborough, Ark., December 1, 1862.

SIR: I respectfully submit the following report of the part the battery under my command took in the engagement at Cane Hill, Ark., November 28, 1862:

In compliance with orders received November 28, 1862, the battery marched at 8 a. m. the following day, forming the rear of the column of the Second Kansas Cavalry. After a march of 20 miles south, in the direction of Cane Hill, Ark., I was ordered to bivouac, and move again at 5 o'clock the next morning.

Marching at the hour specified, in the direction of Cane Hill for 10 miles, the report of artillery was heard in the direction of the enemy. Moving as rapidly as the troops in front of me would permit, I was ordered to take position on an eminence, 1 mile northwest of the town. Finding that the enemy had changed their position farther south, I was ordered to occupy a point one-half mile to the front. From this position I proceeded to shell the woods below and in my front, where a body of the enemy's cavalry was moving. Immediately to the left a rebel battery was discovered posted on a high hill. I directed the fire of my guns upon it, dislodging and forcing it to retire. It appeared shortly afterward in the main road, passing through the town. Again changing the direction of fire, shell were thrown with evident effect, the enemy retreating behind the hills to the left of Boonsborough. I was ordered to move in that direction, and obeyed as rapidly as the nature of the ground would permit; but, owing to the steepness of the hills, could not take a position that would at all prove effectual in harassing the enemy in his retreat. First Lieutenant John F. Aduddell commanded the right, and owing to the absence of Lieutenant B. S. Bassett, who was acting assistant adjutant-general, Third Brigade, Sergeant McLain commanded the left section.

Considering the short period of time the battery has been in my possession, the officers and men show a good degree of proficiency as artillerists, and in this engagement their conduct is entitled to much praise.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. HOPKINS,

Captain Second Kansas Cavalry, Commanding Battery.

Lieutenant S. K. CROSS,

Acting Adjutant, Second Kansas Cavalry.

