
in the arm and head. The boat swung around, but the rebels were driven away before she could go ashore, and the Cricket took her in tow. It was very warm work, the firing being at a distance of about 30 yards. Company D had 6 wounded (1 mortally-George Fox-died that night). The rebels had a great many more hurt, for they were seen to fall in a peculiar manner. Ten miles below the scene of the fight we met them, turned around, and accompanied them down. We had not made more than 5 miles when we were again attacked by a number of them. Our boys again fed them pretty well. No one hurt with us. The Cricket opened with her howitzers; the old Lexington with her 8-inch guns, which must have given them such a scare as they never had before, for they left very suddenly. We received quite a number of shots on the Lexington, but no one was hurt. Anchored for the night at the mouth of the river. Next day (15th) returned to Clarendon, firing occasional shots at rebel pickets seen on shore.

Captain Bache and myself waited on the general (Davidson) to make our reports. He (the general) was tickled wonderfully at the unexpected success of the expedition, as we did not think of getting the boats, which we supposed would be up some bayou, where we could not run. The general now thinks a great deal of the detachment, but gives us, in consequence, plenty to do, for, on the 16th, received orders to report, with the command and baggage train, at the transports After loading with part of the Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry and our detachment, we ran to this place, landed about dark, and threw the troops out, who were fired into by the pickets of the rebels.

At 2 a. m. yesterday, Major [L.] Lippert, with the Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, started out on the Little Rock road, met some of the enemy 2 miles out, had a running fight about 5 miles, and sent in for re-enforcements. I went out, with parts of three companies, about 3 miles, the place designated for me to stay until further orders; remained there until about 3.30 p. m., when they returned, and we came in.

This morning Lieutenant [J.] Devine and [W. L.] Carpenter, John Courtney, a man from Company F, and two contrabands, went out to get some things for the officers' mess. They traveled outside the pickets, and rain into 9 rebel pickets; had to run for it; succeeded in getting to our lines. Courtney has just completed his report of the fun. He came in ahead. The others have not yet arrived. It will probably be a good thing for them. I only consented to their going out where we were yesterday, because Major L. [Lippert] stated that his pickets were at that place.

* * * * *

Yours, most truly,

G. A. EBERHART,

Lieutenant-Colonel Thirty-second Iowa Infantry.

Colonel JOHN SCOTT,

Thirty-second Iowa, Columbus, Ky.
HDQRS, DETACHMENT THIRTY-SECOND IOWA INFANTRY,Camp near Brownsville, Ark., August 29, 1863.

COLONEL: On the 27th instant, when the advance was made to feel the strength of the enemy, my detachment was ordered forward with the battery in the advance brigade.

The enemy was found within about 3 miles of Bayou Meto, when we

