
were ordered to form on the left of the main road. Three squadrons of the Third Missouri Cavalry, under command of Major-, were then dismounted and attached to my command, and formed on my left. After throwing out Company D, Thirty-second Iowa, and a platoon of the Third Missouri Cavalry as skirmishers, we advanced, driving the enemy before us until we were in possession of his rifle-pits, within a half mile of the bayou. My command was then thrown forward to the bayou, where we remained about three hours, getting an occasional shot at the enemy concealed on the other side. At 5 p. m. we were ordered back to support the batteries then in position. The detachment of the Third Missouri Cavalry was then ordered to rejoin the regiment.

My detachment remained until the battery was withdrawn, when we received orders from you to retire from the field. Officers and men in both detachments under my command conducted themselves in a creditable manner during the day. Casualties in the Thirty-second Iowa were as follows: Killed, Private Robert Atkinson, Company D; wounded, John W. Kearby, private, Company D, severely in thigh, and Samuel B. Williams, private, Company D, severely in breast.

The detachment of the Third Missouri Cavalry lost 2 or 3 killed and wounded, whose names will probably appear in the report of that regiment.

I am, colonel, your most obedient servant,

G. A. EBERHART,

Major, Commanding Detachment.

Colonel RITTER,

Commanding Reserve Brigade.

Numbers 16. Report of Colonel Adolph Engelmann, Forty-third Illinois Infantry, commanding Second Division, of engagement at Bayou Fourche.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, ARKANSAS EXPEDITION,Near Little Rock, Ark., September 15, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I beg leave to report that, in compliance with instructions received from the major-general commanding, on the morning of the 10th instant, at 3.30 o'clock, I left the camp at Ink Bayou with the Third Minnesota Infantry and Eleventh Ohio Battery, and proceeded to a point on the Arkansas River 7 miles below Little Rock, where, during the night, General Davidson had been making preparations to construct a pontoon bridge. The battery had its position assigned it by Colonel Caldwell, chief of staff to General Davidson, the Third Minnesota being posted on its right as its support. I then proceeded to make a reconnaissance of the position. The other troops of the division now arriving, were placed in position; the Second Brigade, Colonel O. Wood commanding, to cover the construction of the bridge; the First Brigade, Colonel[W. H.] Graves commanding, to guard the approach from Little Rock.

I beg leave to exhibit herewith a plat* showing the positions of the regiments and batteries of my command. The construction of the bridge was well advanced, when a battery of the enemy, concealed in the woods on the opposite side of the river, opened fire. It was speedily silenced

---------------

*See p. 515.

---------------

33 R R-VOL XXII. PT I

