
There was but little firing of small-arms on either side, and none by the Third Regiment, except the sharpshooters in advance.

The enemy's fire was chiefly directed at the bridge and the Eleventh Ohio Battery, and we being close to the latter, many of his shells and solid shots came in sufficiently close proximity to us. It appeared, however, to be only too welcome sport for our boys to dodge them.

The artillery firing continued with few intermissions for about an hour, during which time the Third was under the enemy's fire, but fortunately suffered no casualties whatever. The behavior of officers and men alike was all that could be desired.

The bridge was completed and the crossing commenced at about 10 o'clock. Two infantry regiments, the Twenty-seventh Wisconsin and Fortieth Iowa, first crossed in excellent order, and were followed by General Davidson's cavalry division on the bridge, a part also fording.

It would be digressing from the object of this report to relate matters as to the crossing, and I will only say that, after the cavalry division had crossed, the infantry regiments returned. This successful feint, devised by Major-General Steele, of crossing all our forces at that point, surprised the enemy, who hastily abandoned his fortification on the opposite bank of the river from Little Rock, and retreated through the city and toward the southwest. His rear guard opposed some resistance to our columns, which pushed forward at noon on each bank of the river, and there were frequent halts and skirmishes during the afternoon march. It was not until about 8 in the evening that the Third Regiment, having been upon the alert nineteen successive hours in the heat and dust, was allowed to halt and bivouac, 1 1/2 miles below the town.

The next morning, at 7, our division commander in person notified me to march into Little Rock, and report to General Davidson. We therefore immediately proceeded into town, crossing on the pontoon bridge erected by the enemy, and which he had unsuccessfully attempted to burn.

Immediately on entering the town, the major-general commanding informed me that he had selected the Third Minnesota Regiment as one of two infantry regiments to come into the city on duty, because of its efficiency and good discipline. We then proceeded in column by company to the capitol, where we are comfortably quartered, thankful that, after a summer of hardship, and, we may hope, honorable toils, fortune does not desert us.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Colonel, Commanding Third Minnesota Volunteers.

General OSCAR MALMROS, Adjutant-General, Minnesota.

Numbers 20. Itinerary of brigade commanded by Colonel James M. True, September 1-10.*

September 1.-Left Clarendon, Ark.

September 2.-Reached Brownsville, Ark.(38 miles), joining the forces under Major-General Steele.

September 8.-Marched toward Little Rock.

September 9.-Remained in camp at Ashley's Mills.

September 10.-Took the advance of the force on the north bank of the river, moving on Little Rock. During the afternoon, Battery A, Third

---------------

*From "Remarks and Record of Events," return of First Brigade, Kimball's division, Army of Arkansas, for September 30, 1863.

---------------

