
piece of Pratt's battery to his assistance. It came up and opened on the enemy, but the fire from the enemy's batteries was so terrific that they were unable to hold their position, after being engaged about two hours, were compelled to retire, leaving one piece of Etter's battery, which I had brought off afterward by the cavalry. Very soon after the artillery was removed the enemy crossed the river-I think at about 10 o'clock in the morning. They crossed first one regiment of cavalry, followed immediately by the infantry, artillery, and cavalry in heavy force. I fell back to Bayou Fourche, a distance of about 5 miles, fighting all the time. When within about 1 mile of the bayou, I ordered Colonel Newton, with a portion of the brigade commanded by him (about 500 men), to go back to the bayou and form on the bank, while I remained and held the enemy in check. This he did. I had, as soon as I found the enemy would cross, ordered all the force from Buck's Ford to join me, and had the entire force with me (not exceeding 1,200 men) at the time the enemy crossed the river.

When I reached Bayou Fourche, about 2 p. m., Colonel Newton had his command formed ready to receive the enemy. There I met Brigadier-General Marmaduke, with orders to assume command of all the cavalry, and I immediately turned over the command to him.

I sent Major-General Price, from time to time, all the information I could obtain in regard to the movements of the enemy, and kept him constantly informed of all their movements.

I lost in the entire action and skirmishing about 65 men in killed, wounded, and missing, including 1 major (Major S. Corley) killed and 1 lieutenant (W. H. Bowers) killed, 1 captain wounded, and 1 captain captured. The loss I give from memory alone, and cannot now say how many privates were killed and how many wounded.

I have the honor to be, yours, with high respect,

ARCH. S. DOBBIN,

Colonel, &amp;c.

Major THOMAS L. SNEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.

CAMP BRAGG, ARK., November 25, 1863.

COLONEL: I cheerfully make the following statement of the circumstances of your arrest on September 10 for disobedience of orders, and of my subsequent preferment of charges against you:

Having been informed toward midnight of September 5, that a duel was pending between Brigadier Gens. L. M. Walker and Marmaduke, I sent to each of them an order to remain closely at his headquarters for twenty-four hours. This order did not reach General Walker, but did reach General Marmaduke. The duel took place, nevertheless, the next morning, and General Walker was mortally wounded. I immediately ordered General Marmaduke and the seconds of both parties in arrest. Feeling, however, the great inconvenience and danger of an entire change of cavalry commanders in the very presence of the enemy, and when a general engagement was imminent, I yielded to the urgent and almost unanimous request of the officers of General Marmaduke's division and his own appeal, and suspended his arrest, and ordered him to resume his command during the pending operations. I did this in spite of the apprehension that such leniency toward General Marmaduke might intensify the bitter feelings which had been already aroused m General Walker's division by the result of the duel.

