
When the enemy had forced the passage of the Arkansas on September 10, and you were falling back before their overwhelming numbers (the command of Walker's division having devolved upon you by his death), I sent General Marmaduke with his division to re-enforce you, ordering him, of course, to assume command as senior officer of all the cavalry. You reported to me a few hours later, in arrest, as you informed me, by order of Brigadier-General Marmaduke, for disobedience of orders. I at once suspended your arrest for reasons similar to those governing in General Marmaduke's case, and ordered you to resume your command during the pending operations. When about a fortnight later I turned over the command of the district to Lieutenant-General Holmes, I communicated the above facts to him. He at once released General Marmaduke, who was present, from arrest, and at the same time ordered me to prefer charges against you. I insisted that if charges were to be preferred against you, General Marmaduke, and not I, should make them, as it was he who had placed you in arrest, and for an alleged disobedience of his orders. General Holmes, nevertheless, required me to prefer the charges. General Holmes informed me the next day that he had released General Marmaduke's second from arrest. In reply to my suggestion that, having released the living principal and his second from arrest, he ought to release the other second from arrest, he replied that he would not release him, but I might do so if I chose. I released him. A few days later General Holmes again ordered me to prefer the charges against you, and told me I must do it that very day. He afterward gave me till the next day, and on the next day I preferred them.

The above is a plain statement of the facts attending your arrest and my preferment of charges against you, so far as they are known to me. Justice requires me to add that during the eighteen months that I have known you in Mississippi and Arkansas, your conduct as an officer and a gentleman, except upon this single occasion, has not only met my approval, but incited my very sincere admiration.

And I am, colonel, very truly, your obedient servant and friend,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General.

Colonel ARCHIBALD S. DOBBIN.

Numbers 24. Report of Brigadier General John S. Marmaduke, C. S. Army, Commanding division, of operations August 17-28.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,December-, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following brief report:

My division for some months consisted of Shelby's Missouri brigade, commanded by Colonel J. O. Shelby, and Marmaduke's Missouri brigade, commanded by Colonel Colton Greene.

On my arrival at Des Are, August 17, to which place I was ordered by General Price, I received orders dated Headquarters District of Arkansas, August 16, 1863, detaching Shelby's brigade, and ordering them to report to Brigadier-General Walker, who was at Brownsville, Ark.

August 23, I received orders from Major-General Price to march my brigade to Brownsville and report to Brigadier-General Walker.

On the morning of August 24, I reported to General Walker, who

