
All the officers and soldiers of my command behaved with marked coolness and bravery. My escort and the command of Captain [D. R.] Stallard behaved most handsomely. My staff, for their gallantry and promptness in executing my orders, deserve my thanks.

Major C. C. Rainwater, volunteer aide-de-camp, received a severe wound in the head from a shell.

My loss is as follows:* Killed,-; wounded,-; missing,-.

See accompanying reports for more detailed accounts.

Very respectfully,

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant-Colonel [J. F.] BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 25. Reports of Colonel G. W. Thompson, Sixth Missouri Cavalry (Confederate), commanding Shelby's brigade, of engagement at West Point, and operations September 10-14.
HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S BRIGADE,In Camp, half mile below West Point, August 14, 1863-9 p. m.

MAJOR: When Major [M. W.] Smith got here with the scout sent out this morning, the boats had just passed up. He took position on the river just above town and awaited the return of the boats. Colonel [C. A.] Gilkey arrived in time to take position just above him, and when the boats came down opposite them they gave them a broadside fire for several minutes, but had to fall back. We then tried to head them again 4 miles below town, but only got there in time to fire into them as they passed.

We had 7 or 8 men wounded, Colonel Gilkey and Major [David] Shanks among the number. I fear Colonel Gilkey's wound is mortal; Major Shanks slightly.

We were not able to get our battery up in either stand. If we had good horses in our battery we would have captured them easily.

Respectfully,

G. W. THOMPSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major [HENRY] EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Searcy, Ark.
HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S BRIGADE,Camp on Ouachita River, September 15, 1863.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of facts gathered from the records of the past:

On the morning of September 10, while encamped at the gap at the junction of the Van Buren and Batesville roads, a heavy cannonading down the river admonished us of the approach of the enemy in force. Hour after hour passed away without any tidings as to the nature of

---------------

*Blank in the original, and no list of casualties found therewith.

---------------

