
they hastily left the field, Bledsoe firing them the last shot as they went over the hill and out of sight. The sun went down smoke-begrimed, red-faced, and furious.

In this day's action we lost Lieutenant [John S.] Percival, of Gordon's regiment (an excellent officer and accomplished gentleman), with the following wounded:*

The sharpshooters from Thompson's regiment brought in 1 prisoner, mortally wounded. The loss of the enemy not known, but, undoubtedly, very heavy.

August 28, moved to a position at the Robertson place, where we remained until the 31st, when Thompson's regiment was ordered down on the Shallow Ford road to the support of Colonel [Robert C.] Newton.

September 2, under orders, moved down on Shallow Ford road and relieved Colonel Newton. Some slight skirmishing with the enemy at the crossing of the bayou.

September 3, countermarched and took up position at the forks of military and Shallow Ford roads.

September 4, moved the command to the gap and at the forks of the Van Buren and Batesville roads, where we still remain.

I take great pleasure in commending the conduct of the troops while under my command for their untiring energy and courage upon the field.

I am, major, with great respect, your very obedient servant,

B. FRANK GORDON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Shelby's Brigade.

Major HENRY EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 27. Reports of Colonel William L. Jeffers, Eighth Missouri Cavalry (Confederate), commanding Marmaduke's brigade, of operations August 25, September 14.

DECEMBER 3, 1863.

MAJOR: In accordance with the order from division headquarters, requiring a statement of marches, camps, actions, &amp;c., of Marmaduke's brigade during the time occupied between the fight at Brownsville and its arrival at Little Rock, I have the honor to forward the following report:

On the morning of August 25, having received information that the enemy had made their appearance on the prairie east of Brownsville, I ordered the brigade, consisting of [J. Q.] Burbridge's and [William L.] Jeffers' regiments, [M. L.] Young's battalion, and Lieutenant [C. O.] Bell's battery, to take a position on the edge of town fronting the enemy, Bell's battery on the right. A few shots from the artillery drove the enemy's advance back, when, by order of General Marmaduke, the brigade fell back some 5 miles west of Brownsville, on the Little Rock road, where the enemy, who had slowly followed, were again repulsed. Slight skirmishing occurred with the enemy from this time until nightfall, when the brigade encamped at the springs, about 1 1/2 miles east of Bayou Meto.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted. See p. 523.

---------------

