
o'clock, and now continued with but short intermissions until 2 o'clock, when, being forced back to Martin's place, I took position there for the purpose of delaying the enemy as long as possible and give the reenforcements, if any should be sent, time to come up, inasmuch as Ashley's Mills and the crossing of the Arkansas River at Terry's Ferry would be left entirely exposed should I be forced back a mile farther. About 3 o'clock the enemy advanced to the attack. I had concealed Companies B and E, the two under command of Captain [P. J.] Rollow, of the latter company, in the edge of Hicks' field, in front of which was an open clearing of 30 or 40 paces, and cautioned my men to let the enemy get well into this clearing before they fired, and then to rake them with their shot-guns. Displaying a few scouts front on the road, the enemy in line pushed rapidly on, and Companies B and E, having obeyed the injunctions given them, delivered a volley into their forces when they were not expecting any resistance whatever. Recovering from his confusion, the enemy, not being willing to run onto the ambuscade a second time, although my men had then been withdrawn from there, commenced sending heavy bodies of dismounted cavalry to my right and left. The nature of the country permitting this double flank movement, and my force being wholly inadequate to prevent it (as I had but 180 fighting men), I retired slowly to Hicks', three-quarters of a mile distant, leaving a rear guard of 40 men to observe the enemy and resist any farther advance should he attempt it. Arriving at Hicks', I put my little force into position to meet him again, but he advanced upon me no farther. About sundown Lieutenant-Colonel Hooper, with [G. W.] Thompson's regiment Missouri cavalry and one section of Collins's battery from General Marmaduke command, with orders to report to me, arrived at Hicks'. I disposed the whole force for battle, and pushed forward my scouts to ascertain what the enemy was doing.

About dark he moved back toward Shallow Ford, crossing Bayou Meto at that place, and leaving a strong picket there. I accordingly encamped for the night at Hicks', and remained there the next day (August 31), skirmishing continuing between my advance and their pickets at Mrs. Ewell's nearly all the morning, and some considerable skirmishing during the night.

This state of things continued also during the following day (September 1). About 11 p. m. of that day received an order from General Walker to move with my regiment to Ashley's Mills at once, and encamp on road leading from the mill to Terry's Ferry.

Moved at 11.20 p. m., and reached the point designated about 2.30 a. m. September 2, and encamped as directed, leaving Lieutenant-Colonel [J. C.] Hooper, with his regiment and the section of [R. A.] Collins' battery, at Hicks'.

Remained in the camp near Ashley's Mills, on road from there to Terry's Ferry, during September 3 and 4.

On morning of September 5, by direction of General Walker (through Colonel Dobbin, commanding brigade), moved onto the road which leads directly from Eagle's Bridge (over Bayou Meto) toward Little Rock, on north side of river, and encamped on that road a half mile from Ashley's Bayou and about a mile from Ashley's Mills.

Remained in that camp on September 6. Scouted to Shallow Ford and Legate's Bridge, driving the enemy's pickets to the bayou at the former place, and finding no Federals at the latter. About dark received an order from General Price's headquarters (through intermediate commanders, &amp;c.), directing Colonel Dobbin to assume command of

