
and get upon the river road near Keatt's, which I did. I received an order to report to Colonel Dobbin, and by his directions moved through Little Rock and upon the southern road to Ayliff's, where the command encamped for the night.

Next day (September 11) moved to Saline River, just beyond Benton, and encamped on south bank of the river.

On the morning of the 12th, by order of General Price, I was detached, temporarily, from Colonel Dobbin's command, and ordered to report, with my regiment, to General Marmaduke. Moved back to Benton and reported to General Marmaduke. He immediately formed a brigade, composed of my regiment, Morgan's Texas squadron, [J. J.] Miller's Arkansas cavalry company, and Blocher's Arkansas battery, and, placing me in command, ordered me to take position at Benton as rear guard. Moved there accordingly. The enemy ascertained to be on the Wire road, 6 miles east of Benton, and scouting on Hot Springs road. Enemy retired about 12 m., and about 5 p. m., by direction of General Marmaduke, I moved down the Wire road and joined balance of division at Saline River, and, retiring still farther, we encamped for the night at the Wills place, 2 miles from the river.

On September 13, moved 7 miles on Rockport road, and encamped for the night at Cash's.

On September 14, moved to Rockport, and encamped 1 1/2 miles south of town.

This embraces a full history of my command during the time embraced in your order.

I forward herewith lists of the killed, wounded, and missing during that time. *

I cannot too strongly commend the bravery and dash of Major John P. Bull, Newton's regiment, and take great pleasure in here making honorable mention of Lieutenant J. C. Barnes, Company A, same regiment, who, in every action in which my command was engaged, rendered valuable service, and was distinguished for his coolness and bravery. To Captain [W. N.] Portis, same regiment, I am indebted for valuable services during the time mentioned.

In the engagement at Fourche the brave Major Samuel Corley, commanding Dobbin's regiment, was killed while fighting in gallant style. To that command it was an irreparable loss, and in his death the country was deprived of the services of one of its bravest and most devoted officers. To an unflinching courage was added a sincere piety, and in him was furnished as noble a specimen of the Christian soldier as any our cause can boast. As that regiment was not immediately under my observation at Fourche, I cannot here speak of the conduct of those who most distinguished themselves, but refer you to the report of killed and wounded for evidence as to how well the regiment did its duty. It was under the immediate command of Colonel Dobbin himself, engaged in the fight at Reed's Bridge, but, of course, its part in that affair is not included in the foregoing report.

I have also to tender my acknowledgments to Major Morgan, commanding Texas squadron, for his promptness and zeal at Fourche, and during the whole time that he was under my command.

Captain Pratt has already been mentioned, and attention called to his services.

While I have here mentioned the names of some who were under my command during that period, I must ask that it be not taken as any dis-

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 523.

---------------

