
paragement of others. Officers and men, without any known exception, did their duty well, and all deserve the thanks of the country.

I am, major, very respectfully,

R. C. NEWTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major HENRY EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Marmaduke's Division, &amp;c.

ADDENDA.

Officers and men of Newton's regiment "particularly distinguished" in the engagement at Bayou Fourche.

Lieuts. J. C. Barnes and John Bradley; Sergts. C. D. England and B. F. Rodgers; Corpl. John Hinkle, and Privates A. Bradley, S. H. Bradley, John Griggs, C. C. Rodgers, and James Woddel.

Numbers 29. Report of Captain M. M. Bateman, Dobbin's regiment, of operations August 25-September 11.

NOVEMBER 21, 1863.

COLONEL: On August 25 last, immediately after the engagement with the enemy at Brownsville, Ark., the command, under orders from General L. M. Walker, commanding, took up the line of march to Bayou Meto, where we arrived the evening of the same day. We encamped there for the night and two succeeding days, or part thereof, when we were attacked by the enemy about 9 p. m. of the same date. At the above engagement the regiment was commanded by Colonel Archibald S. Dobbin, who evinced the energy, skill, and daring of an intrepid leader, always foremost, encouraging the men to firmness, resolution, and precision. It occupied a position near the center of our lines, and received, in connection with the remainder, the repeated charges of the enemy, forcing them to retire discomfited and with heavy loss. At 6 o'clock the enemy withdrew from the engagement. Casualties will be found in the annexed report.*

Some three hours after the above engagement we were ordered to march, which we did, to a position some 5 or 6 miles east of Little Rock, where we encamped till the evening of August 31; from which place, under command of Major S. Corley, we marched to Terry's Ferry, on the north and east side of Arkansas River, where we remained till September 6, when the regiment was ordered to the south and west side of the river, at which point it remained, picketing it, until the morning of the 10th. At this place our pickets exchanged repeated shots with the enemy.

On the 9th, while occupying the latter position, we were repeatedly shelled through the day, though with no effect.

On the following morning (the 10th), they opened their batteries on our troops occupying the point at Terry's Ferry, and also upon those at Badgett's Ferry (or ford). The regiment at this time was divided-one squadron ordered to the support of our troops and battery at the first named, and the other to those of the latter place, and from thence

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 523.

---------------

