
covered the retreat of the battery to Bayou Fourche without any casualties during the engagement.

The command arrived at Bayou Fourche about 10 o'clock on the morning of the same day, and were formed in order of battle on the north side of the bayou (dismounted), where they so remained for a short time, then in front of the enemy's left wing. From this point they were ordered up the bayou to the angle of the road, and there remounted in front of the enemy's center, at which point they confronted the enemy till compelled to retire before an overwhelming force, together with the want of ammunition, having exhausted the few rounds in resisting the enemy's approach. From this position the command retired in good order, and only when surrounded on three sides by the enemy.

In this engagement we lost our gallant commander, Major S. Corley, and Lieutenant W. H. Bowers, of Company A, together with other casualties to be found in the annexed report.*

The above account may be incorrect in many particulars. Two companies in the regiment (and in the engagement at Bayou Meto) are now absent from the command; consequently, no report of the casualties in them, if any. Besides, the regimental books were captured, together with the adjutant (Captain [Edward H.] Cowley), at Terry's Ferry, of whom I omitted making mention in the above report, he having been captured before the engagement commenced.

Respectfully submitted.

M. M. BATEMAN,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

[Colonel] W. O. PEPPER, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 30. Report of Captain J. H. Pratt, Texas Battery, of engagement at Bayou Fourche.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY BATTALION,November 20, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward the following as a report of the part my battery took in the action before Little Rock, September 10:

On the morning of September 9, I was ordered to move my battery to Badgett's Ford, on the Arkansas River, to prevent, if possible, the enemy's advance in that direction, and resist the passage of the river should they attempt a crossing. During the night of the 9th, I constructed a cotton fort by hauling the bales from a farm near by and placing them upon the bank of the river in such a manner that I thought would resist the enemy's shot and protect my men.

On the morning of the 10th, the enemy's cavalry moved up in my front, some 600 or 700 strong. When they had arrived within range, I ordered my battery to fire upon them, which was promptly done, driving the enemy from the bank of the river behind the levee for shelter. The enemy's loss during this time was 6 killed and 8 wounded. They moved up and placed in position behind the levee two six-gun batteries and opened fire upon my fort. I returned the fire after they had fired the second round, which proved very destructive, killing all the cannoneers of two pieces of the enemy's guns, causing them to have their guns carried off by the cavalry. My cannonading was so destructive that it

---------------

*Embodied in statement on p. 523.

---------------

