
caused them to change position up the river some 200 yards. They did not succeed in getting my range until one of my shells, which failed to explode, fell in the vicinity of their battery, when it was examined and their fuses cut in accordance with it. After this their shelling was very accurate. General [J. W.] Davidson reported this to Surgeon [A.] Dunlop, C. S. Army, left at hospital in Little Rock. I could have held the fort any length of time but for the enemy's effecting a crossing some miles above me, which caused me to evacuate the fort and move up the river to Bayou Fourche, where I was ordered to take position on the west side of the stream. The enemy threw forward their sharpshooters, engaging my battery, when I ordered my battery to open upon them with canister, which was done, driving the enemy from us in perfect confusion and causing considerable loss. A four-gun battery was placed in position by the enemy immediately in my front, and while it was going into battery I poured canister into it so rapidly that they could only fire two rounds, and were driven off the field. After this the sharpshooters moved up on our right, opening a hot fire upon Colonel R. C. Newton's command, but they were driven off by the colonel, notwithstanding their repeated efforts to advance. At this time a six-gun battery of the enemy was run forward and placed in battery, and fought for some half hour very gallantly, but I succeeded in silencing it, and driving it from the field. This last battle was supported by infantry. Everything having been withdrawn from my front, I was ordered to retire, marching through Little Rock and on the Arkadelphia road. We moved out some 15 miles south of Little Rock, and encamped for the night.

The next morning the march was resumed, and we encamped that evening on the Saline River, 2 miles south of Benton, on military road.

On the 12th, we marched to Rockport, on Ouachita River, and remained there until September 21, when I was ordered to report to General Price, at Arkadelphia, and was ordered by him to Convalescent Camp, 16 miles south of that place, on Washington road.

My loss was: None killed and none wounded.

Officers and men conducted themselves very gallantly during the whole of the day.

Too much praise cannot be given Corporal [M.] Gorman for his gallant conduct on the field, and for is skill as a gunner and an artillerist.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. PRATT,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Colonel R. C. NEWTON, Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 31. Report of Brigadier General D. M. Frost, C. S. Army, commanding division, of operations August 23.
HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION,August 23, 1863.

MAJOR: I propose to move Clark's brigade to Redoubt Numbers 1, because the position he now occupies is covered by the troops in front at Bayou Meto, while the road by Shoal Ford is entirely unguarded, unless our cavalry now occupy it in sufficient force, of which I have received no notice. While the fords and crossings of the river below are unguarded, I do not feel at liberty to recommend Tappan's brigade to this side of the river. I have ordered the advance brigades to fall back to

