
the rifle-pits (which in their incomplete condition are hardly worthy of the name), and have directed Colonel Clark to move to Redoubt Numbers 1. and if General Tappan should be ordered over, Clark can very readily be advanced to Mount Gallant or Redoubt Numbers 3.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. M. FROST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Major THOMAS L. SNEAD, Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, August 23, 1863.

Respectfully returned to Brigadier-General Frost, who will make such disposition of the troops as he may think best.

By order of Major-General Price:

THOS. L. SNEAD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 2, 1863.-Skirmish at Stumptown, Mo.

Report of Major Alexander W. Mullins, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT 1ST MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAV.,Germantown, Mo., August 6, 1863.

COLONEL: I returned to camp yesterday evening, having been out on a scout four days with 100 men of Companies F, G, and H, under my command at this station. On Sunday evening (the first day out) we had a skirmish with a squad of bushwhackers at Stumptown, on the Double Branches, Bates County, in which Private John S. Luyster, of Company F, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry, was killed. We routed the bushwhackers in short order, but did not succeed in killing a single one. I ascertained afterward that two or three of them were wounded. The next day we drove some twenty or more across the Marais-des-Cygnes, or Big Osage, very precipitately, causing them to swim the stream at a very uninviting place. The next day we followed in pursuit as far as the Marmiton (southwest branch of the Osage); but, in consequence of high water, we did not go farther. Yesterday, in returning to camp, we had several chases after straggling bushwhackers, but did not succeed in accomplishing anything. We captured during the trip 4 horses, which the bushwhackers were forced to leave. One of the horses belonged to a loyal citizen of Bates County, and was stolen about one month ago, which I have restored to his owner. Marchbanks and Handcock, with their bands, have retired south of the Osage and of Bates County, and between the Osage and Grand Rivers. There are now comparatively few of them around, but bands of from 200 to 500 men are passing very frequently, I will safely say every night. Owing to great fatigue, caused by hard riding and excessive hot weather, I am scarcely able to write this morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. W. MULLINS,

Major First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN,

First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

