
AUGUST 6-9, 1863.-Scout from Greenfield to Golden Grove and Carthage Mo.

Report of Captain Jacob Cassairt, Eight Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

GREENFIELD, MO., August 10, 1863.

GENERAL: I herewith transmit to you the report of a scout that left here on the 6th of August, 1863, under the command of Captain [J. J.] Akard, Company A, First Battalion Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Scouting the brush of Horse Creek, and crossing from Horse Creek to Golden Grove, over muddy [roads], about 3 o'clock the same day, surprising a band of guerrillas, 6 in number, killing 5; but 1 escaped. Among the killed are Captain Osburn and 1 recruiting officer by the name of Bebee. No other names known. Captured 6 horses and saddles and arms. Captain Akard, with his command, marched from said Grove to Carthage, and learned from Captain [M.] Burch that Coffee is supposed to be at or in the vicinity of Maysville, Ark. Captain Burch informed Captain Akard that there were but few guerrillas in the surrounding country of Carthage. Captain Akard returned on the 9th of August, 1863.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JACOB CASSAIRT,

Captain Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, Commanding Post.

Brigadier-General McNEIL,

Commanding Southwestern District of Missouri.

AUGUST 6-9, 1863.-Scout from Lexington to vicinity of Hopewell, Mo.

Report of Colonel James McFerran, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

LEXINGTON, MO., August 10, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that, pursuant to your directions by telegraph of the 6th instant, I left this post at 10 p. m. on the night of the 6th instant, with all the available force at this post, being 150 men and three pieces of light artillery, to make the point suggested. We took up the line of march for Wellington. The night was very dark, and the rain descended in torrents. We continued our march, and were delayed in crossing the Big Sni, east of Wellington. We, however, passed through Wellington before daylight, and continued our march to Texas Prairie. About 11 o'clock we reached Eagin's Point, and there saw a small band of bushwhackers, who fled at our approach. While reconnoitering, to ascertain the point described in your telegram, another band of about 30 came in sight, going in the direction of Eagin's Point. As soon as they saw our force, they fled in an easterly direction. I sent out scouting parties, with a view of ascertaining the position of the enemy, and ascertained that there were but few in the immediate vicinity of Eagin's Point, which is about 3 miles northeast of Lick Skillet. I was unable to find the Seacock place, where Kogin lives. I could find no person who knew where the place was. Night coming on, we encamped at Colonel Elliot's place. The next morning we took up the line of march in the direction of Round Prairie. The

