
and on the 11th I reached Houston, after an absence of six days, marching a distance of 250 miles, killing at least 20 rebels; destroying at least all their principal places of rendezvous; capturing a great many prisoners, 11 of whom I brought to Houston, the others I released, not having sufficient evidence against them; also 20 horses, 5 of which, being without shoes and very poor, I was forced to leave on the road, and 5 more I gave back to citizens on my return to Houston, they proving their loyalty and lawful ownership. The remaining 10 I still have, awaiting your disposal. Also one Minie and three bird rifles, they being all I found worth bringing with me. The others I had destroyed, so as to be entirely useless.

Hoping, general, this will meet with your approval, and anxious for authority from you to make another such trip as soon as consistent, I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD MURPHY,

Captain, Commanding.

Brigadier General THOMAS A. DAVIES,

Commanding Rolla District, Rolla, Mo.

AUGUST 8, 1863,-Affair on Clear Creek, near Ball Town, Mo.

Report of Captain Robert Carpenter, Third Wisconsin Cavalry.

BALL TOWN, MO., August 12, 1863.

MAJOR: After my compliments, I have the honor of reporting my proceedings relative to your order. I had designed, and it was agreed upon, that Company D, of the Third Wisconsin Cavalry, commanded by Lieutenant [J.] Crites, of same company, should start from Fort Scott on the 6th of August, at noon, and proceed as far as Moore's Mill, on the Marmiton, scouting the country thoroughly as they proceeded; Lieutenant [H.] Pond to start from Dry Wood, to arrive at Nevada early on the morning of the 7th of August, scouting the country also as he came. Colonel Brag was to proceed from Lamar, coming down Little Dry Wood, to meet Lieutenant Pond at Nevada on the morning of the 7th, whence all were to proceed toward Ball Town, Mo., until they met me, with my force divided in two parts. My ground of operation was from Timbered Hill, at the junction of the Little Osage and the Marmiton, scouting both sides of the Marmiton, all parties closing in until we all met. The parties performed their respective portions of the labor allotted them with promptness and dispatch, with the exception of Colonel Brag, who failed to report as per arrangement. We all worked hard all day, and found out the enemy had left in the direction of Horse Creek, whereupon we determined to pursue him, thinking we might intercept him in some of the recesses of Clear Creek.

We all started on the morning of the 8th from Ball Town, Mo., and proceeded in a little east of south course toward the head of Clear Creek. When we proceeded down the creek a short distance, our scouts reported fresh trail. We had gone but about 100 rods, when, turning an angle in the road, we came upon 5 of the enemy. The scouts being on the advance, immediately fired upon them. Three of them, being mounted, escaped, after a race of about 2 miles (it being nearly dark); the other two we shot, capturing their horses and arms. Thence we proceeded I

