
one of the pieces was so badly broken as to render impossible the moving of it by horses, Notwithstanding the gun thus dismantled was under a galling fore of the enemy's artillery, shells bursting by the minute around it, the cannoneers dismounted, and, under the direction of their officers, bore the piece, crippled but triumphant, to the rear. Just before reaching the second position taken by my brigade, as alluded to in the above report, Captain Shoup, the commander, and Lieutenant Halliburton, of the battery, met me. The captain at once took command of his company. There was now but one serviceable gun of the four-gun battery, which was placed in position frequently during the day with a skill and energy deserving a more substantial battery. After passing some little distance beyond the top of the mountain, this gun was placed in position and opened on the enemy. Notwithstanding the energy with which it was handled, it was dismantled by the enemy's artillery, the carriage being broken to pieces by their heavy shot. This casualty was followed by a cavalry charge made with great energy. The officers, unwilling to leave any trophy in the hands of their country's enemy, took the gun from the shattered carriage and bore this, too, to the rear. I cannot but commenced the pride and bravery of the men here evidenced.

The loss the brigade sustained is as follows: Colonel Monroe's regiment, 3 men slightly wounded, 4 horses killed and 1 wounded; Lieutenant-Colonel Johnston's regiment, 5 men were wounded and 2 men are missing; Captain Shoup's battery, 3 men were wounded and 4 horses killed.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. A. CARROLL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain E. G. WILLIAMS,

Asst. Adjt. General, 4th Div., 1st Corps, Trans-Mississippi Army.

Numbers 9. Report of Colonel Joseph O. Shelby, commanding Fourth Missouri Cavalry Brigade (Confederate).

CAMP DRIPPING SPRINGS, ARK., December 1, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Being called upon for a report of the action of this brigade in the Cane Hill fight, I inclose the same, as follows:

My brigade consisted of the following regiments: First, commanded by [B. F.] Gordon; Second, by [B. G.] Jeans; Third, by [G. W.] Thompson; also Elliott's scouts and Quantrill's famous company, in command of First Lieutenant Gregg. Having had due notice (eighteen hours previous) by the general commanding that the enemy were advancing, we endeavored to be on the alert, but I must confess (though it may reflect somewhat upon myself) that the enemy, by his skillful management, fell upon me sooner than I would have desired, considering that a portion of our division was encamped some distance in my rear and I had but little time to give them the notice required; yet I had sufficient time to place me men in their proper positions and await the coming of the halted foe.

Between the hours of 9 and 10 a. m., Friday, November 28, he rapidly advance and unlimbered his guns, and sent his iron missiles in search of the "rebels." We had expected him (the enemy) to advance either on the Cincinnati or Fayetteville road, our position covering both. Bled-

