
mile down the creek. Rode up to a house. A man running from the house, the boys fired on him, but it being dark he escaped in the brush and weeds, an abundant growth of which every house is surrounded with. We went into camp for the night.

Next morning early we determined to divide our command and institute a thorough search from that point up both sides of the creek, clear to its very head. I took the north and Lieutenant Pond the south side. I proceeded to the head of the creek without discovering any signs of the enemy; but not so with Lieutenant Pond. He had not proceeded more than a mile when he discovered an old camp where they had staid the night previous. He immediately sent me word of what he had found, viz, 5 horses secreted in their camp, accompanied with a request that he might be allowed to remain in their camp that night, with a view of capturing them on their return. I acceded, and moved my force within supporting distance, and remained on our arms the remainder of the night; but they did not return, and it appeared they had gone farther south. Whereupon I despaired of even a possibility of finding more than one man in a place, and thinking I could do no more at present, I returned, scouting the brush and woods thoroughly to the head of Clear Creek; thence down Little Dry Wood, where we found out the fact of their having camped on Dry Wood on the night of the 7th, and directly on the route the militia were to take to come to our place of meeting of said day; thus proving to us plainly that had Colonel Brag performed his part of the contract, the guerrillas, in all probability, would have been, if not quite, very nearly annihilated; and, major, I was greatly chagrined to think of the colonel's failure to do his part. Thence I returned to Ball Town, scouting the country thoroughly for signs, but found none.

I remain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

R. CARPENTER,

Commanding Detachment.

Major BLAIR,

Commanding Post at Fort Scott.

AUGUST 9, 1863.-Skirmish at Garden Hollow, near Pineville, Mo.

Report of Captain Charles B. McAfee, Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

NEWTONIA, MO., August 10, 1863.

GENERAL: Lieutenant [R. B.] Riggs, at Neosho, reports to me* this evening that he on yesterday, with a small party, marched to within 3 miles of Coffee's camp, at Garden Hollow, near Pineville. There he came in contact with a small party of Coffee's men, and succeeded in killing 3 and wounding 2, and took 2 prisoners. He reports Coffee to be at Garden Hollow, near Pineville, with from 300 to 500 men; his intentions unknown.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your, &amp;c.,

C. B. McAFEE,

Captain Third Battalion, Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Brigadier-General McNEIL,

Commanding Southwestern District of Missouri.

