
AUGUST 10, 1863.- Skirmish at Dayton, Mo.

Report of Major Alexander W. Mullins, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Harrisonville, Mo., August 12, 1863.

COLONEL: In compliance with orders from Headquarters District of the Border, I arrived at this place yesterday, and am now stationed here with my command. Company B, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry, and Company I, Sixth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, are also stationed here. One company of the Eleventh Kansas Cavalry Volunteers and two companies of the Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry have just started from here to Napoleon, and one company of the Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry to Trading Post, 40 miles southwest from here.

While on the march from Germantown, day before yesterday evening, Company H, my advance, came in collision with a squad of bushwhackers at Dayton, 15 miles south of Harrisonville, and a brisk skirmish ensued, in which 2 bushwhackers were killed and 1 severely wounded. Our boys came through unscathed, although they charged upon a barn where the rebels took shelter, and drove the rebels from it. The horse of Sergeant [W. L.] Meek, Company H, received three wounds, and one other of our horses was slightly wounded. We captured 3 horses, 4 pistols, 2 miniature rebel flags, &amp;c.

Pleasant Hill was a few days since evacuated by the Federal troops, and has been partially burned by the bushwhackers. I do not suppose that it was contemplated that we should remain at this place longer than the present (assumed) emergency. However, it may be different, and the removal of other troops this station looks as though we might possibly remain here some considerable time. I am inclined to think the force of bushwhackers in this par of the country has been, and now is, by most officers, greatly overestimated. But I may, myself, be mistaken. They are scattered all over the country. The forage guard had a skirmish to-day a few miles from town.

Very respectfully,

ALEX. W. MULLINS,

Major First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN,

Commanding, Lexington, Mo.

AUGUST 13, 1863.- Skirmish at Pineville, Mo.

Report of Colonel Edwin C. Catherwood, Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Springfield, Mo., September 19, 1863.

GENERAL: Pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 154, from your headquarters, I left Springfield, August 9, 1863, with detachments of Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, First Arkansas Cavalry, and section of howitzers, in pursuit of Coffee. After three days and nights' marches, I met the enemy at Pineville, in McDonald County, Missouri. He was

