
same energy and determination that has marked your progress thus far. Southwest Missouri, by a few such examples, with be relieved of the presence of those lawless bandits and marauders that have so long crimsoned her hearts and desolated her fields.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

[JOHN McNEIL,]

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

AUGUST 13-SEPTEMBER 11, 1863.- Expedition against Indians in Dakota.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

Sept. 3, 1863.- Action near White Stone Hill, Dak.

5, 1863.- Skirmish near White Stone Hill, Dak.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General Alfred Sully, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.

Numbers 2.- Colonel David S. Wilson, Sixth Iowa Cavalry.

Numbers 3.- Major Albert E. House, Sixth Iowa Cavalry.

Numbers 4.- Colonel Robert W. Furnas, Second Nebraska Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Alfred Sully, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHWESTERN EXPEDITION,Camp at mouth of Little Cheyenne River, September 11, 1863.

MAJOR: The last report I had the honor to send you was from the mouth of this Little Cheyenne River, bearing date August 16, 1863; since which time my movements have been too rapid, and the danger of sending any communication such that it has been impossible for me to do so. I therefore have the honor to report my movements from last report up to date.

On the morning of the 19th, the steamer I was waiting for, with supplies, finally arrived. She was immediately unloaded, and all the baggage of the officers and men of the command was sent down by her to the depot at Fort Pierre, together with every man who was in the least sick or not well mounted. By this I reduced my force considerably, and was enabled to transport, with the wretched mules that had been furnished me, about twenty-three's rations, and forage enough to keep these transportation animals alive, depending on grass I might find to fed the cavalry and artillery horses. Luckily for me, I found the grazing north in much better condition than I had dared to hope for.

On the 20th, we were visited by one of the most terrific rain and hail storms I have seen. This stampeded some of my animals, and a few were lost - they swam across the Missouri - and it also destroyed a quantity of my rations in the wagons, thereby causing me some delay in the march; but I succeeded in getting off on the afternoon of the 21st, and marched up the Little Cheyenne about 11 miles, the road being very heavy. The next day we marched only 7 miles, camping at a slough on the prairie without wood. The next day we marched in a northwesterly direction to the outlet of Swan Lake.

