
Major House, according to my instructions, endeavored to surround and keep in the Indians until word could be sent me; but this was an impossibility with his 300 men, as the encampment was very large, mustering at least 1,200 warriors. This is what the Indians say they had, but I, as well as everybody in the command, say over 1,500. These Indians were partly Santees, from Minnesota; Cut-heads, from the Coteau; Yanktonais, and some Blackfeet who belong on the other side of the Missouri, and, as I have since learned, Uncapa-pas, the same party who fought General Sibley and destroyed the Mackinaw boat. Of this I have unmistakable proof from letters and papers found in the camp and on the persons of some of the Indians, besides relics of the late Minnesota massacre; also from the fact that they told Mr. La Framboise, the guide, when he was surrounded by about 200 of them, that "they had fought General Sibley, and they could not see why the whites wanted to come to fight them, unless they were tired of living and wanted to die." Mr. La Framboise succeeded in getting away from them after some difficulty, and ran his horse a distance of more than 10 miles to give me information, Major House, with his command, still remaining there. He reached me a little after 4 o'clock. I immediately turned out my command. The horses at the time out grazing. At the sound of the bugle, the men rushed with a cheer, and in a very few minutes saddled up and were in line. I left four companies, and all the men who were poorly mounted, in the camp, with orders to strike the tents and corral all the wagons, and, starting off, with the Second Nebraska on the right, the Sixth Iowa on the left, one company of the Seventh Iowa and the battery in the center, at a full gallop, we made this distance of over 10 miles in much less than an hour.

On reaching near the ground I found that the enemy were leaving and carrying off what plunder they could. Many lodges, however, were still standing. I ordered Colonel [R. W.] Furnas, Second Nebraska, to push his horses to the utmost, so as to reach the camp and assist Major House in keeping the Indians corralled. This order was obeyed with great alacrity, the regiment going over the plains at a full run. I was close upon the rear of the regiment with the Sixth Iowa. The Nebraska took to the right of the camp, and was soon lost in a cloud of dust over the hills. I ordered Colonel [D. S.] Wilson, Sixth Iowa, to take to the left, while I, with the battery, one company of the Seventh Iowa, Captain [A. J.] Millard, and two companies of the Sixth Iowa, Major Ten Broeck commanding, charged through the center of the encampment. I here found an Indian chief by the name of Little Soldier, with some few of his people. This Indian has always had the reputation of being a "good Indian" and friendly. I placed them under guard and moved on. Shortly after I met with the notorious chief Big-head, and some of his men. They were dressed for a fight, but my men cut them off. These Indians, together with some of their warriors, mustering about 30, together with squaws, children, ponies, and dogs, gave themselves up, numbering over 120 human beings. About the same time firing began about a half mile from me, ahead, and was kept up, becoming more and more brisk, until it was quite a respectable engagement. A report was brought to me (which proved to be false) that the Indians were driving back some of my command. I immediately took possession of the hillocks near by, forming line, and placing the battery in the center on a higher knoll. At this time night had about set in, but still the engagement was briskly kept up, and in the melee it was hard to distinguish my line from that of the enemy. The Indians made a very desperate

