
resistance, but finally broke and fled, pursued in every direction by bodies of my troops. I would here state that the troops, though mounted, were armed with rifles, and, according to my orders, most of them dismounted and fought afoot until the enemy broke, when they remounted and went in pursuit. It is to be regretted that I could not have had an hour or two more of daylight, for I feel sure, if I had, I could have annihilated the enemy. As it was, I believe I can safely say I gave them on of the most severe punishments that the Indians have ever received. After night set in, the engagement was of such a promiscuous nature that it was hard to tell what results would happen; I therefore ordered all the buglers to sound the "rally," and, building large fires, remained under arms during the night, collecting together my troops.

The next morning early (the 4th) I established my camp on the battle-field, the wagon train, under charge of Major Pearman, Second Nebraska, having in the night been ordered to join me, and sent out strong scouting in different directions to scour the country to overtake what Indians they could; but in this they were not very successful, though some of them had some little skirmishes. They found the dead and wounded in all directions of them, some miles from the battle-field; also immense quantities of provisions, baggage, &amp;c., where they had apparently cut loose their ponies "travois" and got off on them; also large numbers of ponies and dogs, harnessed to "travois," running all over the prairie. One party that I sent out went near to the James River, and found there 11 dead Indians. The deserted camp of the Indians, together with the country all around, was covered with their plunder. I devoted this day, together with the following (the 5th), to destroying all this property, still scouring the country. I do not think I exaggerate in the least when I say that I burned up over 400,000 to 500,000 pounds of dried buffalo meat as one item, besides 300 lodges, and a very large quantity of property of great value to the Indians. A very large number of ponies were found dead and wounded on the field; besides, a large number was captured. The prisoners (some 130) I take with me below, and shall to you more specially in regard to them.

The surgeon of the Second Nebraska Regiment, Dr. Bowen, who has shown great energy and desire to attend to his duties urging the campaign, started out during the night of the engagement with a party of 15 men, to go back to the old camp to procure ambulances. But as they did not return on the morning of the second day, I knew that he was either lost or captured. (He returned about noon of the second day.) I therefore sent out small scouting parties in every direction to hunt them up. One of these fell into an ambuscade, by which 4 of the party were killed and the rest driven in. I immediately sent out five companies of the Nebraska regiment, Colonel Furnas in command, who, after a long march, found the Indians has fled. They succeeded, however, in overtaking three concealed in some tall grass, whom they killed. The fight has been so scattered, the dead Indians have been found in so many different places, that it is impossible for me to give an accurate report of the number killed of the enemy. I, however, think I am safe in reporting it at 100. (I report those that were left on the field and that my scouting parties found.)

During the engagement, for some time, the Second Nebraska, afoot and armed with rifles (and there are among them probably some of the best shots in the world), were engaged with the enemy at a distance not

