
soe, in command of the artillery, consisting of two iron 6-pounders, had his guns so arranged as to cover each road; that is, one piece bearing on the Cincinnati road and the other covering the Fayetteville road. Having notice of the approach of the enemy on the Fayetteville road, I ordered all the regiment to mount and form, knowing that their advance on that route gave them an advantage over my position which could not be overlooked. If they forced a passage down the main road, we would be cut off from assistance in the rear and be deprived of the Cane Hill and Cover Creek road, thereby preventing our passage over the mountain, the route our train had taken. The gun covering the Fayetteville road occupied an elevated positing, the hill descending to its foot about 300 yards. Here, waiting for enemy to advance, I took my position at the gun, which was so masked as not to be seen by him. Thus waiting, and in no little suspense, he (the enemy) soon showed himself with a four-gun battery, supported by infantry close up. He opened rapidly, but the smoke of his guns had not cleared away before Bledsoe's gun responded and continued to respond, showing to the naked eye that it was sending death in every shot to our heartless invades. I soon discovered that they were not disposed to flank us on our right, and for the protection of our batteries I ordered all the regiments to dismount, placing Gordon on our right, Jeans in the center, and Thompson on our extreme left. By this time I had received satisfactory information from the Cincinnati road, which convinced me that there was no move by the enemy on that route, and I immediately ordered Captain Bledsoe to move the gun that covered the Cincinnati road to a point which secured a cross-fire on the batteries playing upon us. I should mention here that by this time they had at least twelve guns bearing upon our position, and then the artillery fight commenced in earnest, lasting at this point about one hour and a half.
During this time Gordon, Jeans, and Thompson lay close up to the guns, anxiously awaiting the charge of the invader, while [Major B.] Elliott's scouts and Quantrill's company sat quietly on their steeds awaiting his further coming; but as long as the enemy could confine himself to the artillery fight at long range he was content, but in the mean time General Marmaduke, after surveying the position, and I having notified him that a heavy body of infantry was endeavoring to flank me on the left, I received orders to fall back, which I did, by ordering Colonel Jeans to mount his men and directing Bledsoe to withdraw his piece, at the same time ordering Lieutenant [R. A.] Collins, who was in charge of the piece that commanded the Fayetteville road, to keep a steady fore on the enemy until I could mount and form all my regiments, which he did, pouring a murderous fore upon them, driving them at once time back from their guns. I will here mention that no man ever evinced more courage or executed his orders more cheerfully or promptly than Lieutenant Collins on that occasion. Captain Bledsoe, Sergeant Bledsoe, Lieutenant Connor and Anson, and, in fact, all of this battery, have the thanks of the entire brigade for their gallant conduct upon this trying occasion. I then ordered Colonel Thompson to mount his regiment, which was done in the best order, moving the piece under Bledsoe by the right to the rear; Thompson's regiment followed, after which came Jeans, the Collins gun following, covered by Gordon's regiment. I could not, if disposed, speak too highly of the conduct of the officers and men of this brigade in making the above move, it being executed under a terrible fire; but others witnessed it, and say men never gave way on better order. After falling back about half a mile, we found the remainder of this division formed and ready to protect us. By order

