
being supplied by Company H, of the Second Battalion. The detail for the scout was Company C, L. L. Ainsworth, captain; Company I, L. R. Wolfe, captain; Company F, S. Shattuck, captain; and Company H, of Second Battalion, C. J. Marsh, captain. In speaking of the Third Battalion, I always include Company H in this battle. They left the command at an early hour. After its departure the brigade took up its line of march to a point 10 miles east of this place, where we arrived about 2 p. m. In the space of two hours the messenger dispatched by Major House rode swiftly into camp with the information that there was a very large body of Indians near him, and that he was in progress of negotiation with them until we could arrive. It was but the work of a few minutes for the whole command to be upon its way to the battle-field. The 10 miles distance was passed quickly. When we neared the battle-field I received an order from you directing me to take one of my battalions, in addition to the Third. The First was taken by me, and the Second Battalion was left with brigade headquarters. I then proceeded to carry out your orders to surround the Indians and drive them in. On every side of the battle-field were straggling Indians, endeavoring to escape. Immediately joining the flank of the First upon the Second Battalion, and marching both in line, we succeeded in driving a large portion of the Indians toward your headquarters, down into a ravine. By the shifting and dressing of the line as it marched, I became detached from the First and was thrown into the Third Battalion. The Indians, after having been quietly driven quite a distance into a common center, availed themselves of the darkness that was coming by suddenly firing upon us, which fire, though entirely unexpected, was immediately returned by us with terrible effect. We then commenced making preparations to fight on foot, when the darkness became so impenetrable that it was impossible to proceed farther. It was at this fire of the enemy, when riding some little distance in advance of the battalion, that my horse was shot with a slug, fatally wounding him. He lived long enough to carry me about 30 rods. After the darkness set in we went into camp immediately upon the battle-field; corralled our horses and threw out pickets, while command slept upon its arms. The night was excessively dark and cold, but the picket guard killed 2 Indians that were found straggling near our camp. At length the day appeared, when we found that the enemy, availing themselves of the darkness, had suddenly decamped, but leaving the country strewed for miles around with their dried meats, provisions, packs, robes, tepees, goods, and ponies.

We lost in this engagement 1 commissioned officer, 10 privates, and had 11 wounded, 1 od them since dying; some of the rest being wounded badly, and some very slightly.

I take pleasure in bearing testimony to the cheerfulness with which the First Battalion, commanded by that veteran, Acting Major [J.] Galligan, obeyed every order during the time they were under my command.

Company G, of the First Battalion, and Captain [A. B.] Moreland, Lieutenant [W. A.] Heath, and Sergeant [R.] Aubrey, I understand, deserve the highest praise for intrepidity in action. Company K, and Captain [J.] Logan and Lieutenant [S. M.] Parker, behaved very bravely, and deserve most favorable for their bravery.

Company D, Captain [T. W.] Burdick and lieutenants, although temporarily detached by my orders, are entitled to the highest praise.

The Second Battalion did not participate immediately in the fight, as stated; but from the zeal with which they entered on the march to

