
the battle-field, and the cheerfulness with which they obeyed all orders, I have no doubt but the highest desire would have been that of active participants in the battle, under the command of their gallant major.

I wish to call your particular attention to every one of the field and line officers of the regiment, without enumerating them by name. From the highest to the lowest they deserve the most favorable consideration, and the same may be said of almost the entire command engaged. Being their first battle, this was their baptism of fire and steel, and most nobly did they behave. The high valor earned by the noble action of the Iowa troops upon the bloody field of battle has not been tarnished by the gallant Iowa Sixth at White Stone Hill.

I have spoken more minutely of the action of the Third Battalion, because it was my destiny to be thrown with them in this battle. I cannot close my report without again calling your attention to the noble part borne by them on this day under their brave Major House. They treated and talked with that large force of Indians until we arrived to their aid, and then the part they bore in the fight deserves the highest praise that can be paid to brave, heroic men.

I desire to state that Dr. [J. H.] Camburn, by his personal presence in my camp on the battle-field, rendered the wounded most invaluable service through that long night. The same meed of praise can also, I understand, be awarded to Assist Surgeon [S. C.] Haynes, with the First Battalion. Assistant Surgeon [T. S.] Bardwell, being left with the sick at camp, was not present at the fight, but rendered such assistance as he was able the next morning. Chaplain D. U. Mitchell was present on the field of battle, and afterward rendered all the assistance and consolation he could to the wounded, spiritual and bodily.

The commissioned officer mentioned as being lost was Lieutenant T. J. Leavitt, second lieutenant of Company B, and acting as regimental adjutant for some time. He had performed the duties of said office with great fidelity and ability. Possessed of great natural ability, with heroic courage and gallant bearing, the entire regiment mourns his loss unceasingly.

Lieutenant George E. Dayton, of Company C, and Sergt. Major Charles W. Fogg, deserve favorable notice for bravery during the night of the battle, and also in going out in charge of a detail searching for wounded men upon the battle-field.

Permit me, sir, to congratulate you upon the magnitude of your victory and the great results that will follow from it. By skillful management you completely surrounded hundreds of Indians, whom you signally routed, camping on the battle-field, killing and wounding over 100 of them, besides destroying immense supplies of provisions and tepees, and taking several hundred prisoners. They have never before received such a terrible blow, and it will certainly be the means of securing a permanent peace with these heretofore troublesome Indians. When we take into consideration the immense obstacles with which your expedition had to contend at every step, and to see them so signally overcome, must astonish every one.

Whilst I thus congratulate you upon your brilliant victory, I must not neglect to pay a passing tribute to the gallant dead of my regiment. They were numbered among the very best men in the command, and most gallantry did they fight and fall. To their bereaved families and relatives I tender my most heartfelt sympathies.

I inclose herewith a couple of letters* that were found upon an Indian by some of my regiment. Inclosed in one were two gold dollars and

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

