
some gold dust. They seem to corroborate the story that the Indians in July last surrounded a Mackinaw boat descending the missouri River from the gold mine, and, after fighting with the crew all day, succeeded in killing the entire number.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. WILSON,

Colonel Sixth Iowa Cavalry.

Captain JOHN H. PELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Major Albert E. House, Sixth Iowa Cavalry.

IN CAMP ON BATTLE-FIELD OF WHITE STONE HILL,

[September -, 1863.]

SIR: On the 3rd day of September, 1863, in obedience to your orders and under instructions from Brigadier-General Sully, I took the line on march from our camp of the previous night (which was about 30 miles from White Stone Hill) at 5.30 a. m., having under my command Companies C, I, F, and H, of the Sixth Iowa Cavalry, and proceeded in a southerly direction, halting every hour, dismounting the men and allowing the horses to graze ten minutes at a time. At about 3 p. m. Our guide informed me that a camp of Indians was about 3 miles distant. I ordered the men to load their carbines and pistols, and started on a gallop for the Indian camp. When within a mile of the camp, we halted an formed in line of battle, with I in line, H and F as flankers, and C as a reserve. In this order we proceeded and took position behind a ridge about 50 rods from the enemy, where we had then an easy range, and where we were protected from their fire. Captain [C. J.] Marsh, of Company H, and Lieutenant [G. E.] Dayton, of Company C, were then sent forward to reconnoiter. They returned, and reported that there were 400 loges of the enemy. Upon gaining this information, our guide, with two picked men from Company C, were started back to your camp to give you information of our whereabouts, and that re-enforcements might be sent if they were necessary. As the ground was very uneven, and it was difficulty to ascertain what defense the enemy had, it was determined to make a reconnaissance in force. For this purpose Company C was sent to the left, in command of Captain [L. L.] Ainsworth, who, with great personal bravery, pushed forward with vigor and rapidity on the face of the enemy, outnumbering his force ten to one. Captain Marsh, with Company H, also pushed forward in the same direction, with a courage which would have done honor to a veteran of a hundred battles. As soon as these companies had returned and reported, Captain [S.] Shattuck, with Company F, was sent out to the right, to ascertain the position of the enemy in that direction. While these things were being done, the chiefs came in under a flag of truce and attempted a negotiation. They offered to surrender some of their chiefs; but as the commandant did not know who was entitled to speak by authority, he demanded the unconditional surrender of all. This the Indians refused to do, and, having sent away their squaws and papooses, together with their stock of provisions, they placed themselves in battle array. Our command moved forwarded, and the enemy retreated precipitately, abandoning everything except their ponies.

While we were thus following and scattering the enemy, the Second Nebraska Regiment appeared on the hill, under the command of Colonel

