
Furnas, who immediately informed the commander of the forces of the Sixth Iowa that he would take the right of the flying enemy and drive them in. Whereupon we formed our forces in column and took the left, first upon a trot, then a gallop, and finally at a full charge. The enemy, having abandoned everything in their flight, and finding that we were fast gaining upon them, collected together in a ravine and prepared for battle. We again formed in line of battle, and were advancing upon the enemy when we discovered the Second Nebraska upon our left flank; they were dismounting and preparing to fight on foot. At the same time we saw that part of the Sixth Iowa, which had been left behind, formed in line parallel to the Nebraska Second. We at once advanced our lines within 20 rods of the enemy, and were fired upon by them. We returned the fire from our line with terrible effect, covering the ground with dead men and horses. The horses then became so restive as to be unmanageable under the fire even of our own men from their backs. The command was then taken back 25 rods in the rear, and were preparing to fight on foot, when, darkness setting in, the command was formed in a hollow square, the men in front of their horses, and slept on their arms. We placed a picket guard around our camp, under the charge of Sergeant-Major Fogg and Lieutenant Dayton, who promptly performed the duties assigned them; they went to the battle-field after dark, to look after wounded, and for this I recommend them to you favorable consideration. I also recommended Dr. J. H. Camburn, who came promptly to the relief of the wounded, and did all he could in the darkness. Among those who distinguished themselves for personal bravery, I wish to mention Captain L. R. Wolfe, who stood in front of his company and killed an Indian every shot he made. The whole command did well, and I must not mention individual instances for fear of making this report too long. About 100 of the enemy were killed. We took a large number of prisoners, and destroyed all the winter stores of the enemy, among which was 400 tons of dried meat.

I am respectfully, yours,

A. E. HOUSE,

Major, Commanding Detachment Sixth Iowa.

Colonel D. S. WILSON.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel Robert W. Furnas, Second Nebraska Cavalry.
HDQRS. SECOND NEBRASKA CAVALRY, CAMP Numbers 35,Dakota Territory, September 6, 1863.

SIR: On the 22nd of August, 1863, I left the mouth of Little Cheyenne River, Dakota Territory, under command of Brigadier-General Sully, in company with the remainder of the troops of the general's expedition, arriving at the of Long Lake, Dakota Territory, on the 28th of same month, where it was hope we might encounter the hostile Indians. Scouting parties sent out in various directions returned and reported no Indians to be found; but the trail of General Sibley's command, on Apple Creek, was discovered, and an old Indian, captured some days before, reported that General Sibley had been through that country a short time previous, and had two fights, and that many of the Indians had crossed the Missouri River after the fight, but had recrossed to this side of same recently, and were to be found somewhere in the direction of Elm River, Dakota Territory. On the march from this

