
a particle. My special thanks are due to Adjt. Henry M. Atkinson, Regimental Quartermaster J. S. McCormick, and Commissary Lieutenant J. Q. Goss, for valuable services rendered me immediately preceding and during the engagement.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

R. W. FURNAS,

Colonel Second Nebraska Cavalry.

Captain JOHN H. PELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Indian Expedition.

AUGUST 14, 1863.- Skirmish near Wellington, Mo.

Report of Colonel James McFerran, First State Missouri Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAVALRY,Lexington, Mo., August 16, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that Lieutenant [N. T.] Rogers' company (L) of the First Missouri State Militia Cavalry, with 65 men from this post, left here on the morning of the 14th instant on a scout, and passed up Davis Creek to near Hopewell, and thence down the Sni to Wellington. Lieutenant Rogers reports that they saw numerous small bands of bushwhackers on their march, who fled. He is satisfied that one of the bushwhackers was wounded by his men near Hopewell; he made his escape, however. Near Wellington he reports coming upon a band of 4, of whom he killed 1, wounded 2 others, and captured 3 horses. After which he returned to this post, without sustaining any loss on his part.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JAMES McFERRAN,

Colonel First Missouri State Militia Cavalry, Commanding Post.

General EWING.

P. S.- Lieutenant Rogers returned to this post on Friday evening the 14th instant.

AUGUST 14, 1863.- Skirmish near Jack's Fort, Mo.

Report of Captain Richard Murphy, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS POST AT HOUSTON,Houston, Mo., August 22, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report to you of a scout made by a detachment from this command:

On the 12th instant I learned that a Union man named Hackwerth, living at present at Salem, Mo., but who had gone to Casto Valley, and, with the assistance of a man named Johnson, and another whose name I am unable to learn, were engaged in collecting this Hackwith's cattle, when they were taken prisoners by a band of 5 rebels. On learning this, I sent Sergeant McDowell with 26 men in pursuit, who proceeded to Spring Valley, 25 miles southeast from this post, where they struck the trail of the rebels. This they followed for two days, and at last succeeded in overtaking and killing 2 of the rebels and capturing 1 horse.

