
promptness of fail in that object, I ordered Captain [H. C.] Gentry, of the Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry, to move toward with all possible dispatch, with the advance, and surprise and capture the general, and that I would support him as soon as I could get the column up.

So thoroughly and efficiently did Captain Gentry obey this order that General Thompson, sitting quietly in his office, and having a map of Southeastern Missouri, as he though, in absolute security, had no idea of any Federal force within 100 miles of him, until Captain Gentry, having occupied all the passes out of town, rode up to the window of the office and demanded General Thompson.

Captain Gentry deserves the highest credit for this capture, it depending mainly, if not entirely, upon his promptness and efficiency in obeying my order move forward of the column and surprise him. I remained in Pocahontas about six hours, and being a good deal encumbered with prisoners, and fearful of their escape, camping in the brush, I determined to move back to this point with all possible dispatch, and arrived here on the evening of the 26th instant, having sent the battalion from Cape Girardeau back there by Greenville. In the days I have marched about 250 miles, and laid still one day and a half of the time. I had no fight, but fired on several parties of guerrillas, and killed 4 of them and wounded 3 that I know of. I captured and brought in Brigadier General Jeff. Thompson, his adjutant-general (Captain Kay), his medical director (Dr. Frame), a captain of artillery, a lieutenant of cavalry, and a captain of ordnance, and about 50 other prisoners, mostly deserters, discharged soldiers, and stragglers from the Confederate army; also about 30 horses, the most of them taken to Cape Girardeau by the other battalion.

I regret exceedingly to have to report several cases of highway robbery, plunder, and theft by the detachment of the First missouri Volunteers. I am satisfied that some of that detachment stole horses, watches, money, anything they could lay their hands on, from citizens and prisoners.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. G. WOODSON,

Colonel Third M. S. M. Cav., Commanding late Expedition to Pocahontas.

General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of Southeastern Missouri.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain Henry C. Henry, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., August 27, 1863.

COLONEL: In compliance with orders from Colonel J. B. Rogers, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry, I marched from this post with the following commands: Of the First Missouri Cavalry, 100 men, under command of Captain [Valentine] Preuitt; of the Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry, 125 men, under command of Captain Lewis Sells; of the Eighth Missouri Provisional Enrolled Militia, 50 men, commanded by Captain Philip Schriner; and of the Second Arkansas Cavalry, 25 men; in all 300 men. Left on the morning of the 17th instant, marching by the way of Jackson and Dallas to Greenfield, Mo., where we arrived on the morning of the 19th, and reported to Colonel [R. G.] Woodson, of the

