
Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry; from thence the whole command marched south in the direction of Pocahontas, Ark., on the morning of the 20th; continuing our march, without molestation, until the morning of the 22nd, when we were informed of a protracted meeting being in progress some 20 miles north of Pocahontas, when I received orders to send forward 25 men to capture any of the enemy that might be there. I therefore ordered Lieutenant [J. H.] Burnett, of the First Missouri Volunteers, forward with the requisite number of his command, who surprised the meeting. In attempting to escape, 6 were killed and 1 was wounded, many of them having their arms with them, some of which were captured.

Continuing our march, being in the advance, were informed by a contraband, at a mill 4 miles north of Pocahontas, that General Thompson and staff were at that time in the town, and a number of rebel soldiers were strolling about the place with their guns. I immediately informed the colonel of the fact, when I was ordered forward and "to catch him if I could." The advance, consisting of 60 men of the First Missouri Volunteers, and not liking to delay for the others to come up, moved forward rapidly, finding horsemen on the road, who fled in the direction of Pocahontas; but owing to the superiority of our horses, they deemed it prudent "to hunt their holes" in the brush. When within a mile of the town, we halted a short time to blow our horses, with a hope that we might be re-enforced, not knowing the number of the rebels; but as there is anger in delay, and the command anxious to blow our horses, with a hope that we might be re-enforced, not knowing the number of the rebels; but as there is danger in delay, and the command anxious to "go in and win," we pushed rapidly into the town, picketing all the approaches. On entering the suburbs of the town, a lady, seeing our guidons, swung her handkerchief and shouted, "Glory, glory, glory!" when the boys raised a shout that would have done credit to the Chickasaws, and made the straggling rebels shover in their shoes (those that had any), and brought the general himself to the window of a lower room at the Saint Charles, and, being front of the house, inquired for General Thompson, and he informed me that he was the man. I informed him that he was my prisoner; he replied, "Certainly, certainly." When I dismounted and entered the room, he pointed to his saber setting in the corner of the room. He then introduced me to his adjutant-general, and I told him that I was glad to see him; he said he "did not doubt it." An ordnance officer, a captain, not knowing that the Feds. were in possession of the town, entered the general's room, by permission of the guard, and saluted the general, who inquired where he was from; he said from Major Crandall's camp, and, on seeing me, remarked, "You have a Federal prisoner, I see." "Yes," says the general, "you are a prisoner yourself." I then ordered him to hand over his dispatches, when he moved toward the door. The guard brought his "sharp" to bear on him; the general told him to fork over - it was no joke - when he handsomely came down with the papers, and seemed to realize his situation. We also had captured some 15 rebels soldiers. In the mean time Colonel Woodson arrived, when the prisoners were turned over. We remained in the town until midnight, when we resumed our march northward, having accomplished our mission, and arrived here on this afternoon at 5 o'clock, without loss or accident.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

H. C. GENTRY,

Captain, Commanding.

Colonel H. M. HILLER,

Commanding Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

