
the 8th of September, for the purpose of entering Missouri to recover their stolen property. If this were the only result of such expedition, or if their vengeance could be limited to those who are actually guilty, there would be no objection to it; but it is a simple matter of course that the action of such an irresponsible organization of enraged citizens would be indiscriminate retaliation upon innocent and guilty alike. You cannot expect me to permit anything of this sort. My present duty requires me to prevent it at all hazards, and by all the means in my power. But I hope a few days of reflection will show the popular leaders in Kansas the folly and wickedness of such retaliation, and cause them to be abandoned.

I shall confidently rely upon your powerful influence to prevent any such action on the part of the people of Kansas as will force me into the painful position of having to oppose them in any degree, particularly by force.

Be assured, Governor, of my earnest desire to do all in my power to promote the peace and security of Kansas. I shall be glad at all times to know your views and wishes touching your State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.] LEAVENWORTH, KANS., September 3, 1863.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

SIR: The brutal outrages committed upon the unoffending and unarmed citizens of Lawrence by Quantrill and his ban have not only aroused every man in the State, but shocked the whole country. The wish of both is that the doers of these bloody deeds - their aiders and abettors - shall be steadily pursued and surely punished, for there can be no safety in the present or the future while these miscreants are permitted to live.

The 9th day of this month, by order of your district commander, is the day fixed upon to being this summary punishment. That this punishment may be swift and sure, I offer you any forces at my command. You have promptly sent me a sufficient quantity of arms to meet the wants of the State. With these arms in their hands, and organized, our citizens can repel any raid which brutal marauders like Quantrill and his band may attempt, or punish, instantly and severely, those who shall aid or abet them. I have confidence only in organize action, and, satisfied both of your to lead our forces and your resolve to punish the guilty, I shall be happy to place the military of the State at your disposal.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. CARNEY,

Governor.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.] KANSAS CITY, MO., September 3, 1863.

His Excellency THOMAS CARNEY,

Governor of Kansas:

GOVERNOR: I am in receipt of your letter of this morning. I fully sympathize with your feeling of anxiety to give security to the Kansas border, and to avenge on the rebels in missouri the unparalleled atroci-

