
I cannot close this report without speaking in high terms of the coolness and daring of Lieutenant McCoy, of your escort, and Lieutenant Conkling, of Thompson's regiment. They, with the prestige and glory of Shiloh still hanging to their garments, were in the thickest of the fight.

Our men fought them well, and while the enemy evinced great desperation, our command showed a determination and coolness that river officers have reason to be proud of, contending, as they were, with vastly superior numbers, the sight of which did not in the least discourage them.

About sunset the enemy made the last and desperate charge, led by Colonel [L. R.] Jewell, in person. Colonels Thompson's and Jeans' men received him with a fire the effect of which will ever be remembered by Jewell's regiment. In that charge Jewell fell, mortally wounded. Upon the fall of Jewell, Colonel Gordon, with a portion of his regiment and a portion of Colonel Jeans', under Captain Jarrett, charged the Federals hotly and fiercely, sending them back in perfect confusion, and thus ending a hard day fight.

It is not necessary for me to state the casualties of this brigade, as they have already been reported to you; but I will here mention that the officers and men of this brigade executed promptly, cheerfully, nd willingly every order that was given; were easily rallied; held all positions assigned them, and fell back when ordered, only to form and reform and fire again.

Elliott and his scouts were to be seen performing their duty on all occasions.

Lieutenant Gregg, of Quantrill's command, and his company had been held in reserve by me during the greater part of the fight, so that when suitable ground was obtained a grand charge might be made. The position was taken, this stone-company formed, Gregg at its head, the light of the battle on his face, but, fortunately or unfortunately, the enemy checked pursuit just before coming to where they crouched like lions in theirs lairs.

I will also here speak favorably of Captains Brewster (my adjutant), Nichols, Edwards, St. Clair, and page, for the service they performed relative to their various duties.

Many others I could call your attention to for their gallant conduct, among whom are Philip Wilder, of your own escort; Lieutenants Moorman and Buffington, of Gordon's; but as the general commanding was everywhere upon the field, he saw as much, perhaps more than myself.

I close this report with the proud satisfaction of knowing that we did our duty, and are anxious once more to meet the enemy in a fair field and an open fight.

Respectfully,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Colonel, Commanding Missouri Cavalry Brigade.

Captain E. G. WILLIAMS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Division, First Army Corps.

Numbers 10. Report of Colonel Emmett MacDonald, Missouri Cavalry.

CAMP DRIPPING SPRINGS, ARK.,

November 30, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part my command took in the late battle in the Boston Mountains:

On November 28, I received orders about 9 o'clock in the morning to

