
withstanding the present hardship it imposes. Among the Union refugees it is regarded as the best assurance they have ever had of a return to their homes and permanent peace there. To obtain the full military advantageous of this removal of the people, I have ordered the destruction of all grain and hay, in shed or in the field, not near enough to military stations for removal there. I have also ordered from the towns occupied as military stations a large number of persons, either openly or secretly disloyal, to prevent the guerrillas getting information of the townspeople, which they will no longer be able to get of the farmers. The execution of these orders will possibly lead to a still fiercer and more active struggle, requiring the best use of the additional troops the general commanding has sent me, but will soon result, though with much unmerited loss and suffering, in putting an end to this savage border war.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Asst. Adjt. General, of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.

[Inclosure.]

LAWRENCE, August 21, 1863 - 5 p. m.

GENERAL: I have, with regret, to report that Quantrill, alias Charley Hart [?], reached this town at about 4.30 o'clock this morning; burned the town; slaughtered in cold blood about 60 citizens; then left by Blanton Bridge, and by way of the town of Brooklyn. A near as I can estimate, he had about 200 men, armed principally with revolvers. It is said that Lane, with a few men, held him at bay in Brooklyn, and has sent back for help. Quantrill left about 10 o'clock.

Respectfully,

A. R. BANKS.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles S. Clark, Ninth Kansas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS ON THE BORDER,Coldwater Grove, August 30, 1863.

GENERAL: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 51, Headquarters District of the Border, I have the honor to submit the following brief report of the part my command took in the chase after Quantrill's murderers in their raid on Lawrence:

In the evening of the 20th of August, 1863, I received a dispatch from Captain [J. A.] Pike, commanding at Aubrey, that reliable information had been received that Quantrill, with a large command, was encamped on Grand River, 10 miles from the Kansas line. I immediately sent orders to Captain [B. F.] Goss, commanding Trading Post, also to Rockville for the troops to march forthwith to Coldwater Grove; also that Captain Pike should watch the movement of the enemy and report. I also sent scouting parties to see if any troops had crossed the lines.

At 3 a. m. 21st, I received a dispatch from Captain [C. F.] Coleman that Quantrill had crossed into Kansas, and he was in pursuit with 180 men. I learned from other sources that the enemy was moving in direction of Paola. Having with me a part of Captain Flesher's company (30 men), I started in direction of Paola; but finding, after traveling

