
zens of Missouri, those [from] whom we had reason to expect something given the information they possessed, the raid might have been arrested and the marauders routed.

While we mourn over the massacre at Lawrence, we have reason to rejoice that many of the murderers have paid the penalty of their hellish deeds, and many more will repent the day they entered a loyal State to murder and plunder and innocent people.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. S. CLARK,

Lieutenant Colonel Ninth Kansas Vol. Cavalry, Commanding Troops on Border.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Commanding District of the Border, Kansas City, Mo.

Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Bazel F. Lazear, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

LEXINGTON, MO., August 27, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that at 10 o'clock, August 20, I received information, at Warrensburg, that Quantrill, with 250 men, had passed 12 miles north of that place on the 19th, going west. I immediately dispatched messengers to Lexington and Harrisonville, asking for all force that could be sent from those stations to meet me at Chapel Hill at daylight next morning.

I left Warrensburg at 10 o'clock a. m. with 100 men of Companies C, I, and K. We formed a junction near Chapel Hill with major Mullins, with 130 men of Companies B, F, G, and H, all of First Missouri State Militia Cavalry. Delayed here until late in the evening waiting on detachment from Lexington, when Colonel Neill, with 50 men of Fifth Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, camp up; pushed on that night as far as Lone Jack. Started early on the morning of the 22nd on Quantrill's trail as far as Big Creek, 5 miles northwest of Pleasant Hill, where we stopped to feed, and as soon as the advance came out of the brush west of Big Creek they discovered a body of men some half mile in their front. The whole command was immediately ordered up and parties sent out to discover who they were, when they replied that they were Federal troops, but would not say whose command they belonged to. Fearing they were Federal troops, I rode forward and satisfied myself they were bushwhackers, and were forming line of battle behind a fence; and as they were on top of a ridge, and were still coming up, I thought it prudent to dismount a company to take the advance. While engaged in this, they commenced retreating from their right. After going some three-quarters of a mile, they changed their course to their left, and formed just over a ridge, where we camp up with them and exchanged several rounds, when they broke for the brush. Five were killed. Have heard since several were wounded; several horses killed and some captured. Some goods were picked up, but mostly left. The ground they passed over was strewed with goods of every description. As soon as I found they have scattered, the force was divided, and Captain H. F. Peery, in command of one of the detachments, came up with them late in the evening, and fought them in the brush a considerable time, when they again scattered in every direction. Five more were killed in this engagement. Out casualties were none, so far. I attempted to guard the passes that night to keep them from passing east, but the most of them passed over, several parties of them being fired upon, and 1 rebel

