
killed. From two prisoners we learned this part was commanded by Quantrill, and that there were 200 men.

August 23, the brush of Big Creek was scoured, but none found.

[August] 24, marched from Pleasant Hill to lone Jack, and from there to the head of Texas Prairies. Saw some trails, but no rebels. One of the prisoners took us to one of their camps, but found nothing but about a keg of powder and some corn, which was destroyed.

[August] 25, divided the command (except Colonel Neill's force, who left the 24th) into small parties, and scoured the country from the head of Texas Prairie north of Big Sni, and some 10 miles south of the prairie, sending Captain Jackson as far south as Kingsville, where I learned the party passed the day before. I have not heard from him yet, although he was to report to me at Hopewell. We had a number of skirmishes this day, killing 3 (no doubt wounding several) and capturing a number of horses, and some prisoners, who were unarmed, and a female, by the name of Miss Hutchins, of this place, who was standing picket while 2 bushwhackers were eating their dinner, and since their capture by giving them timely notice of the approach of troops. Our casualties to-day were 1 killed and 1 wounded, viz: Killed, Robert C. Key, private Company K, and wounded, Joshua Stevens, Company I.

[August] 26, a picket skirmish this morning near Hopewell, and a long chase after a party of 30, but they scattered in the brush. Learned 1 was wounded in the skirmish this wounding. From here scoured the country to Greenton, and, finding no fresh traces, I concluded best to come to this place and get our horses shod, some supplies, and learn something of the movements of other troops, so that I could co-operate with them.

I cannot close this report without calling your attention to the fact that of we had been armed so that we could have made a charge, we could have captured Quantrill's entire command; but cavalry armed with long guns, and these empty, are not in a very good condition to make a charge on an enemy.

Officer and men behaved well, and I take pleasure in mentioning the names of Captains Peery, W. Meredith, M. Burris, and Lieutenants [B. F.] Johnson, J. D. Mullins, D. Groomer, and P. S. Kenney. The latter is our quartermaster, and in certainly one of the bravest and coolest men I have met with during an engagement, and is well worthy of promotion. I must also call your attention to Corpl, Andrew J. Fuller, of Company I, who seized a bushwhacker, after they had emptied their revolvers, and beat his brains out with his pistol. This is the same man who a short time since attacked 3 bushwhackers, killing 2 and running the third. His bravery is certainly worthy of reward.

In closing this report, I would recommend that every citizen, man, woman, and child, in Texas Prairie, and near it, be sent out of the country, and troops sent there to use up the forage, or that if be destroyed. There are large quantities of it there, and every farmer there, with one or two exceptions, favors and feeds the bushwhackers, and the quickest way to destroy them is to destroy their subsistence and remove their friends.

The whole number killed during the scout was 16; brought in 8 male and 2 female prisoners; ordered a number of females to report to the provost-marshal; 25 horses, several guns and pistols.

I am, general, very respectfully,

B. F. LAZEAR,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Commanding Border District, Dept. of the Missouri, Kansas City, Mo.

