
prepare for action, as the enemy was engaging Colonel Shelby's command about 1 mile in my advance. I at once moved forward at a rapid pace with my command, and took position northwest of Kidd's Mill, near Cane Hill. My position being much exposed, the enemy poured a heavy volley of grape upon my ranks, while another battery threw shell in my rear and front continually, but without killing or wounding a man. In the mean time Colonel Shelby had fallen back with his brigade. At this time I received orders to fall back from south of Boonsborough appeared at this in great force. A large body of infantry moved rapidly upon our left and front. Here a general engagement seemed imminent; but the enemy appeared in such large force I was again ordered to fall back, which I did, fighting the enemy at every point, whether the position suited or not, until, reaching the mountain, a halt was ordered for one desperate resistance. I took position upon the right; Colonel Shelby the center. I immediately advanced upon the enemy, when a sharp engagement ensued. Our firing was son constant and well directed that he seemed completely checked; but long lines of infantry and cavalry again appeared, re-enforcing him, until it seemed that all Yankeedom had turned out. Feeling confident that my men would not flinch, I determined to meet them, while Colonel Shelby was preparing to receive them in the center. Here they charged us again and again, but there were driven back until our rear moved farther up the mountains. In this way we fought them over the mountains and 3 miles down Cover Creek, fighting at one point, falling back, forming, and fighting again. Their number being five or six times greater than ours, and they knowing the fact, they pressed us hard, and finally charges us with drawn sabers, when a hand-to-hand conflict ensued. So very few of them were left that charged, they finally drew off their forces and retreat back toward the mountain.

During the entire engagement Companies A and B fought nobly. No company of officers and men ever fought better. Captain Harrison, commanding Company A, and First Lieutenant Yonts, Company B, and the lieutenants in both companies, deserve much praise.

Privates and officers acted well throughout the entire engagement.

I lost in the engagement the following:

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.

Company A:

Officer 	 ...	 1	 ...

Privates	 4	 6	 ...

Company B:

Officers 	 ...	 2	 ...

Non-commissioned	 ...	 1	 1

officers

Privates	 1	 2	 3

Company C:

Privates 	 ...	 2	 ...

Company D:

Non-commissioned	 ...	 2	 ...

officers

Privates 	 ...	 1	 ...

Total	 5	 17	 4

Respectfully,

EMMETT MACDONALD,

Colonel, Commanding Missouri Cavalry.

F. B. DAVIDSON, Adjutant.

