
command. Here the command separated. Majors Plumb, Ransom, and Thacher, with their companies, started out in a northeast direction; I kept with them. They scouted the country as they moved. Sunday we scouted country in toward Lone Jack. Twice we fell in with some Missouri troops. They were scouting the country in every direction. Sunday night we reached Lone Jack, and sent out detachments to guard all the crossings. We could see by the enemy's trail that they had disbanded, nearly all of them leaving the direct trail. Monday we scouted the Sni Bottom. Tuesday morning I left Majors Plumb and Thacher near Blue Springs, and came into Independence with Major Ransom, with one company of cavalry. I came into Kansas City in the afternoon with 6 or 8 scouts.

Through the whole of the expedition I do not know of any of our command being killed or wounded. In the chase from Brooklyn to Paola we killed 4 of Quantrill's gang. They were left where they were killed. During the chase in Missouri we killed several men, but I do not know just what number.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CYRUS LELAND, JR.,

First Lieutenant Tenth Kansas Volunteers.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Commanding District of the Border.

Numbers 9. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Walter King, Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

WHITE OAK CAMP, August 23, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report my return to this camp at 10 o'clock last night.

Upon approaching Paola at daybreak yesterday I found that out forces, under Colonel Clark, Captain Coleman, and others, had arrived and had not overtaken or intercepted Quantrill. Upon searching for the trail after day, it appears that Quantrill crossed Bull Creek, about 4 miles north of Paola; but, instead of passing out of Kansas by that route, he turned north and passe out of Kansas at nearly the same point at which he entered, going east. Thinking he designed returning to the Blue Hills to scatter out, I marched as rapidly as possible to the position that would enable me to cut him off from either of the Blues and keep him in the open country, and held that position at sunset yesterday. But I learned that Quantrill continued his course due east, as if for the waters of Grand River. Troops are in other directions to intercept, and others were on the trail; I know not with what success.

When departing on the scout, I ordered my baggage and train to a camp 2 miles from Independence for safety. I order the same to return to this camp to-day.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WALTER KING,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Brigadier-General EWING.

38 R R - VOL XXII, PT I

