
AUGUST 23, 1863.- Scout on Bennett's Bayou, Mo., and skirmishes.

Report of Major Charles Sheppard, Assistant Adjutant-General, Enrolled Missouri Militia.
HDQRS. FOURTH MIL. DIST., ENROLLED MISSOURI MILITIA,Springfield, Mo., August 28, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that Colonel Sheppard, with a portion of the Sixth Provisional Regiment, Enrolled Missouri Militia, made a scout from the head of Bennett's Bayou to its mouth, sending a detachment, under Lieutenant Faught, Company H, Sixth Regiment, to meet him at the mouth of the bayou. In going down he captured 8 rebels, killed 5, wounded and took a lot of horses. Lieutenant [I. W.] Faught's scout killed a rebel lieutenant named Biffles about sunset of the 23rd instant. The pickets captured Captain Henderson Green, a member of the Legislature of 1860 - '61 from Christian County. Becoming satisfied that the rebel force which had been on the bayou had moved south, Colonel Sheppard moved toward Big North Fork. On the way came upon Captain Vanzoot's band. The advance attacked them, killing 2, and capturing their outfit. We had 2 men wounded and 2 horses shot.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. SHEPPARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Captain C. G. LAURANT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 23, 1863.- Skirmish at Fayetteville, Ark.

Report of Lieutenant Edgar A. Barker, Second Kansas Cavalry.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., September 14, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit herewith the following report for your examination:

I started from this post to join my command and regiment on the 14th day of August last, accompanied by a detachment of 20 men from the Second Kansas Cavalry, under my command, having just returned to the post, having been an escort to a forage train, and during my absence the regiment marched south.

I arrived at Cassville, Mo., on the 16th day of August; remained there until the 19th; then started for Bentonville, Ark., being joined by detachments from the First Arkansas Infantry and Second Arkansas Cavalry, expecting to find my regiment, or some portion of it, there. Upon arriving there, I did not find any troops. I then started for Fayetteville, supposing that Colonel [W. F.] Cloud was there with his command, having received information to that effect from, as I thought, reliable sources. I arrived at Fayetteville on the 22nd instant, but did not find any troops there. I was told by parties living in Fayetteville and vicinity that Colonel Cloud was at Cane Hill, and was expected to arrive there (Fayetteville) daily, which caused me to have no apprehensions of any attack from the enemy, although I at the same time used all necessary precautions, having pickets properly posted to prevent surprise.

