
On Sunday morning, the 23rd, we were re-enforced by about 150 Mountain Federals, under the command of [Captain J. R.] Vanderpool and others. They had been in town but about five minutes, when we were attacked by about 150 rebels, commanded by Captain Brown. On their approach the Mountain Federals fled in utter confusion. In the mean time, I made efforts to get my men together; ran into the stable to get my horses, and while there was captured by the rebels. They remained in town but a short time, and left at their leisure. Five men - Corpl. Heidel, and Privates [P.] Cleary, [J. N.] Skelton, and [E.] Benson, of Company C, Second Kansas Cavalry, and Private [J.] Slighter, of Company E, Second Kansas Cavalry - were captured during the skirmish, which lasted about fifteen to twenty minutes. Owing to having been captured at the commencement of the fight, I am unable to give any further particulars. Myself and the other prisoners were taken to Fort Smith, where we gave our paroles on the 28th day of August. We were then escorted to Cassville, Mo., under a flag of truce, arriving there on the 8th instant, and reported to Captain Gilstrap, commanding. I received no orders from him, but was told by the post adjutant that an order had been received from district headquarters to the effect that I should take charge of the paroled prisoners and take them to Springfield. I asked to see the order, but it could not be found. I was afterward told that the prisoners would not be sent, and an order shown me, stating that all enlisted men taken by the rebels in the vicinity of Fayetteville on late scout should be returned to their commands, as paroles would not be recognized. I immediately started for Springfield, and reached there on Sunday the 13th instant, and reported to district headquarters on this date.

I have the honor to remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. A. BARKER,

First Lieutenant Company C, Second Kansas Volunteers.

General McNEIL.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF SOUTHWESTERN MISSOURI,Springfield, September 16, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Major General J. M. Schofield, commanding Department of the Missouri.

JOHN McNeil,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

AUGUST 25, 1863.- Skirmish near Waynesville, Mo.

Report of Major Waldemar Fischer, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

WAYNESVILLE, MO., August 25, 1863.

An escort of 14 men, coming back from Lebanon, was attacked 4 miles from here by 25 rebels. They killed 1 of our men and wounded 1; both are here. I have sent 35 men, under Captain [G.] Muller, in the direction of the California House, and 14 men in another direction. Mr. McCain brought in the wounded man and the killed.

W. FISHERS,

Major, Commanding.

Brigadier-General DAVIES.

