
AUGUST 25, 1863.- Skirmish near Independence, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant John G. Lindsay, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry.

INDEPENDENCE, MO., August 26, 1863.

GENERAL: I had a fight yesterday at sunrise; killed 1, wounded 2; had 1 of my men wounded. Am now about to start for Rockville. I know all the roads on the Sni and Sibley bottom. For God's sake let me stay and scout there. I can do good work there. Major [W. C.] Ransom will tell you same.

J. G. LINDSAY,

Lieutenant.

General EWING.

AUGUST 25-28, 1863.- Scout from Sedalia, and skirmish (26th) at Clear Fork, Mo.

Report of Colonel John F. Philips, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. THIRD SUB-DIST., CENTRAL DIST. OF MISSOURI,Sedalia, August 28, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the scout sent to Johnson County on the 25th instant, under command of Captain [R. L.] Ferguson, Company B, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry, returned last night, having traveled 120 miles.

Captain Ferguson reports that, on the evening of the 26th, he came upon a body of 30 rebels at the head of Clear Fork, in Johnson County, and attacked them immediately, killing 3 and wounding several severely. The rebels fled precipitately, and were pursued by Lieutenant G. W. McGuire, of same company, with a small detachment, some 5 or 6 miles. The conduct of this officer deserves the highest commendation. He pressed closely upon the rear of the enemy, and having 22 shots, fired them all, killing 3 of the enemy and wounding 2 or 3, including the leader of the band. He was often far ahead of his soldiers, and, though receiving two shots from pistols and one from a shot-gun in his coat, he pressed on, and fired so rapidly and accurately as to stampede the enemy every time he halted for fight.

We captured 7 or 8 horses, 6 or 7 guns, some blankets, &amp;c., without any loss to our side.

The scout sent to La Fayette has also returned, being unable to discover any trace of the enemy. After the 31st (day of muster) I will again move on the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. F. PHILIPS,

Colonel Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

General E. B. BROWN,

Commanding Central District of Missouri, Jefferson City, Mo.

