
whole place. Quite a large amount of clothing was captured and destroyed at their depot at North Fork Town, on the Canadian.

I shall send a part of my force up the Canadian in pursuit of McIntosh, and with the remainder proceed to Fort Smith in pursuit of Cabell.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis.

Numbers 2. Reports of Colonel William F. Cloud, Second Kansas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Gaines's Creek, Choctaw Nation, August 27, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that we attacked and drove the rear of the enemy at perryville, Choctaw Nation, last night by moonlight, having followed them all day, about 40 miles. We felt the pursuit his morning, 52 miles from Boggy Depot and 82 miles from Red River. During the day we killed 4, and captured 12 to 20. In the night we had 4 wounded, slight.

The enemy go to Texas, and we are nor en route to Fort Smith. Cabell in at that post with an uncertain command. Steele and Cooper go south to Red River. I will report at the next favorable opportunity. [E. C.] Catherwood and [E. B.] Eno are with me and go to Fort Smith,from which place they will probably return to Southwest Missouri.

Respectfully,

W. F. CLOUD,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier-General McNEIL,

Commanding Southeastern District of Missouri.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Smith, September 8, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that, in obedience to instructions from General McNeil, and the request of General Blunt, I joined the force of the Southwestern District of Missouri, under my command, to those of General Blunt, and reported to him, co-operating in the march against Cooper and the taking of Perryville, Choctaw Nation.

After dispersing Cooper's forces, we turned upon Cabell. General Blunt took with him only mu brigade, disposing of his won troops at Fort Gibson and Webber's Falls. Cabell retreated in haste, and the general gave me about 600 cavalry and two sections of Rabb's battery to pursue and operate against the enemy, while he came into this place, from which the enemy had withdrawn in the retreat. I overtook the enemy at Devil's Back Bone, a ridge of the Poteau Mountains, 16 miles southeast of Fort Smith, and attacked him. After three hours of skirmishing and use of artillery, the enemy quickly made his way down the

