
southern slope of the mountains, leaving his dead and wounded, in number 15 to 20, in our hands; also several wagon loads of baggage, arms, &amp;c. I pursued across the mountain; but as the enemy's trains were many miles to the rear, and my horses and men were completely tired down, having marched 450 miles of rapid marches within sixteen days, I was obliged to halt and feed and care for my own dead, 2 in number, and wounded, 12. I lost 2 and took 30 prisoners.

Upon arriving at this post, General Blunt, who was and still is quite sick, ordered me to assume command, and work up the case of the country.

My office has been constantly thronged by Mountain "Feds," deserters from the rebel army, who deliver themselves up, and citizens from the country, to the distance of 80 miles, who come in with joyful countenances and cheering words, to assume the relation of citizens of the United States. Cabell has retreated to Red River, leaving behind a few guerrilla parties, and losing fully one-third of his army by desertion. I believe that several regiments of soldiers can be raised on the south side of the river, especially if they are to be retained as a species of militia, as the Missouri State Militia.

I start in the morning to Dardanelle, to cut off a force there, and to operate with the Union men in organizing for home defense. If arms, &c., could be furnished to these men, they could hold this part of the States themselves.

My duty here, in view of these facts, has proved most pleasant, and permit me respectfully to present the importance of creating a District of Southwestern Arkansas.

There are here my regiment (Second Kansas), the First Arkansas Infantry, a part of the Second Colorado, and two sections of Rabb's battery. These, with the armed mountaineers, are enough to hold to Red River.

I would also inform you that the Choctaws, having been abandoned by Cooper, are much disgusted, and are disposed to lay down their arms. I have had friendly members of the Nation at work, and have strong hopes that they will cease to fight, and return to treaty relations.

I trust that you will pardon this liberty, especially under the circumstances.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. CLOUD,

Colonel Second Kansas Volunteers, Commanding Fort Smith.

Major-General SCHOFIELD.

Numbers 3. HEADQUARTERS INDIAN TERRITORY, Camp on Little Boggy, C. N., August 28, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I arrived at this place yesterday, having been obliged to fall back before superior numbers. We were closely pursued until we left Perryville, since which time we have not been molested. On the 26th, shots were exchanged frequently between their advance and my rear, and in the evening it was necessary to use my whole force to hold them in check until my train could get away. The advance of General Bankhead's command is now within a

