
NOVEMBER 30-DECEMBER 6, 1862.- Expedition from Rolla to the Ozark Mountains, Mo., and skirmishes.

Report of Colonel John M. Glover, Third Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS ROLLA DISTRICT,Rolla, Mo., December 8, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, having heard of several hundred rebels supposed to be encamped on the headquarters of the Current River, on the 30th ultimo, with parts of Companies A and B, Third Missouri Cavalry, and part of Company H, Ninth Missouri Cavalry, Captains [James T.] Howland, [Albert D.] Glover, and [John] Ing in command, consisting of 130 men (being all the force that could be spared from here at the time), I proceeded in request of the enemy.

On the 2nd instant had a collision with a light force of the enemy in the negroes of the Ozark. The impetuosity of my officers and men soon dispersed them in the mountains, killing 4 and capturing 2, and 4 horses. We marched 200 miles in seven days, finding no considerable force, having not a man injured in my command. I returned to these headquarters on the 6th instant.

Your obedient servant,

J. M. GLOVER,

Colonel, Commanding District.

Major H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 4-6, 1862.- Operations about Cane Hill, and skirmish (December 6) at Reed's Mountain, Ark.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General James G. Blunt, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Frontier.

Numbers 2.- Lieutenant Colonel Owen A. Bassett, Second Kansas Cavalry.

Numbers 3.- Amaziah Moore, Second Kansas Cavalry, of skirmish at Reed's Mountain.

Numbers 4.- Captain Joel Hunton, Eleventh Kansas Infantry, of skirmish at Reed's Mountain.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General James G. Blunt, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Frontier.

CANE HILL, ARK., December 6, 1862.

GENERAL: The enemy (25,000 strong) yesterday attempted to force my position, but the advance was driven back into the mountains. This morning they made an attack upon my outposts upon two roads, driving my pickets upon one of them about 3 miles, who, upon being re-enforced, again drove the enemy back. It is my opinion that the demonstrations this morning were to cover their retreat, as they were felling timber during all of that night, possibly to obstruct the road and prevent my artillery and cavalry following them. I have been holding

---------------

* See also battle of Prairie Grove, December 7, 1862, pp. 67-158 (reports of Blunt, Cloud, Hindman, Marmaduke, Shelby, and Monroe).

---------------

