
few miles, in consequence of orders sent direct to the regimental commanders. I retired on this road to meet the troops that I expected, and to enable me to concentrate. The Creeks, who were encamped above North Fork Town, were ordered to join at Perryville, which they had ample time to do, but failed to do so. I have not heard from them. A Choctaw regiment joined, but about half of its numbers were unarmed. Colonel Stand Watie, who was on a scout to Webber's Falls, where the enemy were reported crossing, has not joined. Many of the Cherokees have left to look after their families. Of the two regiments, there are probably not more than 100 in camp. General Cabell's brigade had been ordered to the vicinity of Fort Smith to resist a threatened movement from Cassville, and in the hope that the movement in that direction would arrest the desertions in the Arkansas troops. My communications by way of Fort Smith have been rendered very uncertain by recent movements.

Very respectfully,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.

Major THOMAS L. SNEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock.

AUGUSt 29, 1863.- Skirmish at Texas Prairie, Mo.

Report of Captain Lyman D. Rouell, Second Colorado Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Hickman's Mill, Mo., August 30, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I left this station yesterday morning, with verbal ordered from Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes to go to Texas Prairie on a scout. After marching 15 miles, I met Lieutenant-Colonel [C. S.] Clark, of the Ninth Kansas Cavalry, who ordered me to join Captain [C. F.] Coleman's command and scout the Blue timber. I accordingly turned my command, consisting of 75 men of Company F, Second Regiment Colorado Volunteers, and reported to Captain Coleman. He ordered me to cross the Blue and scout the north side of it to this station. I started to do so, but soon after discovered a trail of a singled horseman on a by-path, and followed it for about 8 miles, when I came upon a gang of 8 bushwhackers at a house on the timber. They immediately broke for the brush, and I went after them. We crowded them so close that they had not time to mount their horses, which were already saddled and bridled about 300 yards from the house. We captured them, and I immediately ordered Lieutenant [W.] Wise, with the first and second platoons, to deploy and follow them through the brush. I also ordered Lieutenant [J.] Parsons, with the third platoon, to proceed up the road to the prairie and cut off their retreat. Lieutenant Wise performed his duty, and Lieutenant Parsons proceeded with his detachment, as ordered, and came upon a picket of 4 of them mounted. He at once attacked them, and killed 2 of them and 1 horse, capturing another horses; the other 2 escaped. The result of our scout is 2 bushwhackers killed, 1 horse killed, and 9 horses captured. No casualties on our side. We took them so completely by surprise that they did not fire a shot. I ascertained that the house where I found them was a regular boarding place for them, and I thought it ought to be destroyed.

