
ful officer, whose loss in sincerely deplored. After detaching Colonel Cloud, I marched with my staff and body guard and the First Arkansas Infantry to this place, and possessed the fort and city without opposition.

Colonel [W. R.] Judson reports that he has returned with his brigade from their march toward the upper waters of the Canadian River. All the members of the two Creek rebel regiments, except about 150 men, have deserted from McIntosh, and are secreted near their homes in the Creek Nation. Numbers are coming into our lines, some to volunteer in the United States service, others pledging their allegiance and asking protection.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel William F. Cloud, Second Kansas Cavalry, including skirmish (September 12) at Dardanelle, Ark.
HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD,Camp opposite Little Rock, September 20, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that, after receiving your orders to co-operate with General Blunt, and his request for assistance, I joined him on the 21st ultimo, and on the 22nd crossed the Arkansas River. We immediately started in pursuit of Generals Steele and Cooper, and, after a march of 100 miles, came up to their rear guard on the night of the 26th, and, after a slight skirmish, drove them from their position. They continued their retreat during the night, and in the morning, abandoning the pursuit, our army turned toward the forces of General Cabell, who was reported at the crossing of the Poteau near Fort Smith, with from 3,000 to 4,000 troops. General Blunt disposed of his troops by sending them to Fort Blunt and Webber's Falls, upon the Arkansas and took only the troops of your district and his personal escort.

On the evening of the 31st, we camped within 3 miles of the enemy, and at dark I took a small party to reconnoiter the enemy's position. We approached to one-fourth of a mile of his artillery, driving in his outpost, which had been strongly re-enforced, and took a prisoner, receiving a volley of artillery, as well as musketry.

In the morning, moving my brigade to the attack, the enemy were found to have retreated, at 12 o'clock in the night, in the direction of Fort Smith; but, upon following in his trail, it was determined that he had turned in the direction of Arkadelphia, entering that road at a town named Jenny Lind.

At my request, General Blunt, consented that I should take the efficient cavalry and the two sections of Rabb's Second Indiana Battery and two mountain howitzers and push the retreating enemy, hoping to capture baggage, &amp;c. At 12 o'clock we came to their rear guard in ambush, whose deadly fire cut down Captain Lines and 10 or 12 of his command.*

---------------

*The casualties were Captain E. C. D. Lines and 1 man killed, and 9 men wounded.

---------------

