
of Missouri Cavalry, Major [F. P.] Yell, of [A. S.] Morgan's regiment, with Captains [W. L.] Sims' and [Iverson L.] Brooks' companies, commanded respectively by those officers, and Captain [J. O.] Sadler and his company deserve especial mention. Colonel Morgan and Lieutenant-Colonel [J. C.] Wright also acted with gallantry.

I cannot close without bringing to notice the gallant conduct of Major Robert J. Duffy, inspector-general, and Lieutenant [B. J.] Field, ordnance officer, Lieutenant [D. A.] Corder, acting aide-de-camp, and Surgeon [J. H.] Carroll, of my staff. I am particularly indebted to them, as well as to Lieutenant [E. H.] McDaniel, of Monroe's regiment, Lieutenant [L. T.] Kretschmar, of Barry's company, and Lieutenant [W. J.] Tyus, acting assistant adjutant-general, all of whom acted with the greatest coolness in endeavoring to rally the men who were running,a nd also in carrying orders.

Major John Crawford, brigade quartermaster, and Captain Smith, acting commissary of subsistence, were zealous and untiring in the discharge of their duties. Under the direction and good management of these two officers, all the public property was saved except a few commissary stores abandoned at Lewis' old store, on the Fort Towson road. These stores were afterward saved by General Bankhead's command.

A lot of beef cattle, I understand, was lost which had been under the direction of Captain A. H. Cline, acting commissary of subsistence, and turned over to Captain A. H. Cline, acting commissary of subsistence. No information was given me by Captain Cline of the whereabouts of this heard of cattle. I knew nothing about them until I reached Waldron, Scott County, late on the 2nd of September, when, informed by Captain Hunter, acting commissary of subsistence, that there was a large herd of cattle in the neighborhood of Hodges' prairie, I immediately sent to look for them, and, when found, they were moving rapidly in the wrong direction. I have not heard whether or not they have all been taken to General Steele's command. Captain Cline's neglect to give me the proper information was the cause of any loss, and if any loss has taken place, he deserves to be censured for his neglect in not taking proper care of these cattle, and giving me such information as would have enabled me to have taken precautionary measures for their safety.

The loss of the brigade in the tow days' fighting was 6 killed and 14 wounded; number missing not known.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. CABELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Captain B. G. DUVAL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Indian Territory.

P. S.-The courier from General Bankhead, informing me that he was on the way to re-enforce me, did not reach me until the morning of the 10th, nine days after the fight at Backbone. I was then at Centre Point, making preparations to leave for Little Rock. The order of the 10th, from General Steele's headquarters, dated at camp on Middle Boggy, was not received by me until the 16th. His letter of September 1 was received on the 9th. I communicated with General Steele by express and by special courier on the 20th, 21st, 22nd, 24th, 26th, 27th, 28th, and 29th of August. I communicated with General Price's headquarters, as directed by General Steele, on the 24th, 26th, and 30th of August, and on the 5th and 6th of September. I communicated also with General Steele on the 7th and 10th September. The

