
dates of General Bankhead's communications were the 2nd and 7th of September. Sickness prevented me from sending this report at the proper time.

[Indorsement.]

DOAKSVILLE, December 28, [1863.]

The written report just received is respectfully forwarded. That the enemy had the main road to Riddle's Station would only require that another should be taken, which is little, if any, farther, viz, the one via Lewis' store. Had that road been taken, Bankhead's brigade would have been met by the 4th of September, and the enemy's forces, scattered from Scullyville to Dardanelle, would have been an easy conquest. The morale of his command presents a better reason. The movements, as reported from Soda Springs to the east side of the Canadian, and again to San Bois, and finally to the vicinity of Fort Smith, was for the purpose of trying to prevent desertions, which were diminishing our strength at a rapid rate. A strict obedience to orders would have resulted better if only one regiment had remained.

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.

SEPTEMBER 4, 1863.-Affair at Quincy, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel John F. Philips, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Thomas A. Wakefield, Eight Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel John F. Philips, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. THIRD SUB-DISTRICT, CENTRAL DISTRICT,Sedalia, Mo., September 7, 1863.

GENERAL: I beg leave to report that, on the 4th instant, a band of guerrillas, under the lead of the notorious Rafter, dashed into Quincy, at once firing into a squad of citizens sitting in front of a store, killing 1, a Mr. Thomas, and wounding a soldier of the Eighth Missouri State Militia, who chanced to be in town. The stage had just come in, having for passengers 3 or 4 soldiers of the Eighteenth Iowa. These, it seems, took refuge up stairs in a house. Rafter went in person after them. As he entered the door, one of these soldiers shot him twice, killing him instantly. The Iowa soldiers were taken prisoners and carried off. It is quite probable that they have been killed, as nothing has been heard of them since. I have stationed a small force there, and wish I had a company of Enrolled Missouri Militia to send there.

My scouts in Saline, La Fayette, and Johnson have started no bushwhackers recently. Everything is as quiet as the grave, except in the vicinity of Knobnoster. There is an independent company, under the leadership of one Mattox, who are terrifying, robbing, and running quiet, peaceable citizens of Johnson County. General Ewing should be advised of it, and order then to disperse.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. F. PHILIPS,

Colonel Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Commanding Central District of Missouri, Jefferson City, Mo.

39 R R-VOL XXII, PT I

