
Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Thomas A. Wakefield, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., September 8, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that, on my return from Sedalia, with arms for Major Eno's battalion, on the 4th instant, I came upon a band of rebels at Quincy, commanded by Captain Rafter. They had robbed the town and shot some Union citizens and taken 4 soldiers, purporting to belong to the Eighteenth Iowa Volunteers. They were in the act of firing the town. I made a dash in town, scattering them, and killing their leader, Captain Rafter. We also captured a great many of the goods that had been taken. One of my men was mortally wounded. I learned the next morning that they had killed the Iowa boys. I sent out about 6 miles, and found 1 dead and 1 mortally wounded.

I am, general, with much respect, your obedient servant

THOS. A. WAKEFIELD,

First Lieutenant Company A, Eighth M. S. M. Cav., Commanding Escort.

General McNEIL.

SEPTEMBER 4-7, 1863.-Scout from Cold Water Grove to Pleasant Hill and Big Creek, Mo., and skirmishes.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles S. Clark, Ninth Kansas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS ON THE BORDER,Cold Water Grove, September 8, 1863.

GENERAL: On the morning of the 4th of September, 1863, I ordered a scout of 40 men from Companies E and G, of the Ninth Kansas, to accompany me to Pleasant Hill, where I had previously instructed Captain [C. F.] Coleman to march and join the scout from this station, with Companies D, of the Ninth Kansas, and M, of the Fifth Kansas, which he did on the 5th instant. The same night we marched 15 miles east, concealed our men in the brush, dismounted, and sent out four parties, of 12 men each, under Captains Coleman and [H.] Flesher. Killed 6 bushwhackers, remounted, marched 4 miles south; divided the command; the scout from this station to scour Big creek, in the direction of Pleasant Hill; Captain Coleman, with his command, was to take in those run off Big Creek, and scour the brush east.

The scout of Big Creek, under Captain Flesher, and myself included, surprised a party at a house; killed 4, captured 8 horses, saddles, and bridles, and some Lawrence goods, and wounded, as I think, 4 other. Our loss, 2 men slightly wounded, viz, Corpl. John Walters, Company E, and Private S. Pentico, Company G, and returned to this station the 7th instant.

Captain Coleman was to remain in the vicinity of Pleasant hill two or three days, to watch Quantrill's movements. I found a trail of about 100 men 5 miles east of Harrisonville, who had passed the night of the 3rd, twelve hours in advance of my scout, the trail taking a northeast direction.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. S. CLARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel Ninth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding

Brigadier-General EWING.

