
SEPTEMBER 5, 1863.-Skirmish with Indians near White Stone hill, Dak.

Report of Lieutenant Charles W. Hall, Second Nebraska Cavalry.
HDQRS. COMPANY F, SECOND NEBRASKA CAVALRY,Camp Numbers 41, Dakota Territory, September-, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from Brigadier-General Sully, commanding Indian expedition, I proceeded, on the morning of September 5, 1863, with 12 men of the Second Nebraska Cavalry and 15 men from the Sixth Iowa Cavalry under my command, on a scout in search of Surgeon Bowen, Sergeant Newcomb, and 8 others missing from the Second Nebraska Cavalry, after the battle of White Stone Hill, on the 3rd instant. I proceeded in a northeasterly direction from the battle-field, and, when 15 miles distant therefrom, I was attacked by a party of some 300 Indians, and, seeing that I could not successfully resist their attack, I retreated slowly, returning the enemy's fire until my command was so closely pressed by the enemy that the men increased the rapidity of their retreat, without orders. I attempted to halt them several times, but unsuccessfully. The enemy all the time pressed closely on my rear,and also endeavored to cut off my retreat to camp, from which I had started in the morning, and at which I had arrived with what remained of my command about 12 m. that day, the enemy pursuing to within 4 miles of the camp. The casualties on this scout were 6 men and 4 horses killed. Sergeant Blair, Company K, Second Nebraska Cavalry, Sergeant Rogers, Sergt. S. N. Smith, and Sergt. Isaac L. Winget, of the Sixth Iowa Cavalry, assisted me in my efforts to control the men and check their hasty retreat.

The following is a list of the killed under my command:*

I discovered no trace of the missing, of whom I was in search, who, however, returned to camp a short time after my return and on the same day.

The men under my command succeeded while retreating in killing 6 Indians and 4 ponies, and wounding many others, the number not known.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

CHARLES W. HALL,

First Lieutenant Co. F, Second Nebraska Cav., Commanding Detachment.

Captain JOHN H. PELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEPTEMBER 5, 1863.-Skirmish near Maysville, Ark.

Report of Captain John Gardner, Second Kansas Cavalry.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., September 14, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, through you, to the commanding general, that I left Springfield, according to orders, on the 31st day of August, 1863, and arrived at Cassville, Mo., at 11 a. m. on the 1st of September, and immediately reported to Captain [J. M.] gilstrap, First Arkansas Cavalry, commanding post, and requested an escort, in order

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, shows 6 killed.

---------------

