
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, September 21, 1863.

General McNeil is respectfully referred to General Orders, Numbers 207, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, July 3, 1863. Captain Gardner has accepted parole for himself and men in violation of the cartel and the above-named order, and General McNeil will have the spirit of said order carried out. The men will be ordered back to duty with their companies.

By order of Major-General Schofield:

LUCIEN J. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEPTEMBER 6, 1863.-Attack on train between Fort Scott, Kans., and Carthage, Mo.

Report of Captain Milton Burch, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

CARTHAGE, MO., September 9, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor of informing [you] for the information of the commanding general [that] on the 2nd day of September I sent 2 men from Company L and 2 men from Company M, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, to form an escort for Joel P. Hood to Fort Scott on official business. They transacted their business and started back to this post, and overtook 4 wagons loaded with dry goods and groceries, bound for this post. They traveled together till within 8 miles of this place. On the 6th day of September they were attacked by a largely superior force of the enemy, who succeeded in capturing 2 wagons and killing 1 man belonging to Company A, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, under the command of Major [Edward B.] ENumbers He had been home on furlough, and was on his return to his command; his name was Ross. They captured 3 prisoners, 1 a soldier from Company M, the other 2 citizens. They tried to take the other two wagons, but could not succeed. News was sent to camp for re-enforcements, which arrived in the quickest of time, and give them chase, coming up with them about one-half hour before sundown. We recaptured the 2 wagons and 2 of the prisoners, and killed 3 of the rebels and wounded some more. Our loss in the retaking of the wagons-. I never saw troops display such courage and determination as the men under my command; both officers and men seemed striving to excel each other in deeds of daring. Mr. Joel P. Hood killed the rebel captain, Turk, and wounded several others. They still retain 1 of my men prisoner, and we have 1 of theirs. We aim to exchange with them for the man they retain of ours. half belonged to Colonel Coffee, and the others are deserters. They are more numerous at this time than nay time I have been here. They made an attempt to capture our wagon train yesterday, but were driven off into their favorite cover-the brush. Their loss is not known. I have no further reliable news from Captain Rusk regarding his surrender. the party that attacked the train last Sunday was under the command of Meadows. I had forgotten to state I had 1 of my men wounded in their onset on the wagons, and he has since died.

So no more, but remain, your obedient servant,

MILTON BURCH,

Captain Commanding Post at Carthage.

C. G. LAURANT, Assistant Adjutant-General.

