
SEPTEMBER 7-30, 1863.-Expedition to Big Lake, Mississippi County, Ark.

Report of Major Frederick R. Poole, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Lowry, October 1, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with your orders of the 7th ultimo, I left Camp Lowry in command of 200 men and one gun, and proceeded as far as Big Lake, Mississippi County, Arkansas, returning through Pemiscot County, as per instructions. At New Madrid I received orders from you to make a junction with re-enforcements sent me from Cape Girardeau and Bloomfield, comprising 50 men from the Second Missouri State Militia, 100 from the Sixth Missouri, and 50 from the Cape, which juncture was effected on the evening of the 17th. I then proceeded again toward the point indicated, scouring the country as I advanced. At Osceola, I met the re-enforcements from Colonel Chester Harding, Twenty-fifth Missouri Infantry, commanding at New Madrid, who had been directed to co-operate with me. I must confess that we were all rather disappointed in not meeting the rebel force said to be in that vicinity, and, in obedience to certain instructions, returned as directed. During the expedition I killed 13 noted guerrillas, nearly all of whom were armed and fought with desperation. I captured some 26 or 30 others, receipts for whom are herein inclosed; captured a number of horses, mules, guns, &amp;c. The people of Arkansas I found to be much more loyal than those residing in Missouri, and it is my firm and decided belief that the people residing in the neighborhood of the river, in that State, only require a show of protection to establish their loyalty and fidelity to our Government. My command, on arriving at this camp on yesterday, exhibited more health than could be expected from a march of 700 miles without tents or blankets. Our only casualties on the entire trip were 4 men wounded, none dangerously. I would especially recommend Captain [A. P.] Wright, commanding Company l, for his untiring attention to duty and zeal in the interest of our cause and Government.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. R. POOLE,

Major, Commanding Expedition.

Colonel [J. B.] ROGERS,

Commanding Cape Girardeau, Mo.

SEPTEMBER 12, 1863.-Affair near Houston, Texas County, Mo.

Report of Captain Richard, Murphy, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF HOUSTON,Houston, Mo., September 14, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report to you, for the information of the general commanding:

At midnight, September 11, information was brought to me that 6

