
guerrillas, with 5 horses, had just passed a house 10 miles south of me. I immediately sent Captain [S. B.] Richardson, with 10 men of Company B and 10 of Company D, in pursuit, who, on arriving at the place where the rebels were seen, found that they had got supper and gone south. Captain Richardson followed them for 57 miles without stopping, and ascertained that one of the rebels (Martin Dodds), had left the party and gone to Thomasville, and another had lost the way the night before, but that the remaining four were in the woods farther on. Captain Richardson finding farther pursuit impossible at this time, as he had traveled 67 miles without feeding, now rested in the woods until morning, when he pushed forward, and found the rebels asleep in the woods, who, on their approach, awoke and ran. Three, in the attempt to escape, were killed on the spot. Their names are William Lingo, of Waynesville; Lieutenant Obe Moss, of Pulaski County, and Jacob Bottom. The remaining man (Oscar D. Blount), of Saint Louis, was shot through both things, and is now in the hospital at this post. With these men were captured 11 horses, 2 of which were stage horses, and 3 taken from a wagon on the road near Rolla; 7 citizens' saddles and 3 bridles, 1 of them belonging to the stage company; 32 pairs of men's shoes, 17 pairs of women's shoes, 2 bolts of domestic, 3 sacks of coffee, 1 United States newspaper bag, and 1 set of stage lines. This is the most important capture made in this country, and too much credit cannot be awarded Captain Richardson and these men for their perseverance in the pursuit of these outlaws.

I inclose a letter found on the body of Lieutenant Moss, and written by Colonel Brodie Hull to his wife in Arkansas. This letter was given Moss for delivery.*

I have gained some valuable information from the wounded man Blount. He gave me the names of those that harbor and feed them. Among these are Andy Hall, living close to Judge Yorks, and Purcell, close to Licking. I also found that William Lingo had 13 horses an a great variety of other stolen property at the house of John King, close to the Arkansas line; and Lee Tilly, son of Tilly near Waynesville, has also a number of horses and other articles secreted in that vicinity. If I could get permission to make a scout down there, I think it would be profitable; but my horses are completely worn out from the amount of duty to perform,and with 25 of Company G taken away for the two howitzers, and 8 more of the same company under arrest at Rolla for mutiny, my available forces is very much reduced; and if the general should approve of this anticipated scout, I would request that he send me about 50 men, with fresh horses; and these, with what I can mount here, would make a force amply sufficient for this enterprise.

The horses and other property taken in this scout I will send to Rolla by next train, and by mail I will send you a complete statement of the wounded man Blount.

Believing this will receive your careful attention, I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD MURPHY,

Captain, Commanding Post.

J. LOVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Rolla.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

