
To-morrow morning I shall start an expedition to endeavor the capture of another camp of the guerrillas.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier-General EWING, Commanding District of the Border.

SEPTEMBER 15-18, 1863.-Scout from Greenfield, Mo.

Report of Major Wick Morgan, Seventh Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia.

GREENFIELD, MO., September 18, 1863.

GENERAL: On the 11th instant I sent Captain [E. J.] Morris out to the head of Cedar, to assist a Union man to move out, when a band of rebels run on to him, and caught Private Samuel Downing and murdered him. He had thirty-two bullets shot into him and was beaten up with his musket.

I started out on the 15th instant, with a detachments of 70 men, and returned yesterday evening; traveled 90 miles; killed 1 rebel; ordered all rebels south of the Federal lines; I burned everything from a pigpen to a mansion on Cedar and Horse Creeks.

The band that killed Downing has gone out south. They started last Monday morning. There were about 100 rebs, negroes, women, and children. They went out between Horse Creek and Lamar.

I understand there are some bushwhackers collecting on Big jack. I have sent a scout to ascertain their whereabouts and their strength. I think as soon as I get shut of the rebel women in these parts we will have peace.

There were 2 men some 7 miles east of town, calling themselves soldiers, stealing horses. They stole a horse from a Mr. Gilmore, as a loyal a man as there is in Missouri. One of the men was William Rowan, the other Ragsdale. They claim to belong to the Second Kansas. They also took a horse from Samuel Harris. Please send the horses down by Captain Morris, and oblige, yours, respectfully,

WICK MORGAN,

Major, Commanding.

Brigadier General JOHN McNEIL,

Commanding District of Southwestern Missouri.

SEPTEMBER 22-25, 1863.-Scout in La Fayette County, Mo., and skirmishes.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Bazel F. Lazear, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAVALRY,Lexington, September 27, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, on the morning of the 22nd instant, I left this place, with 140 men of Companies B, H, L, and M, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry, for a scout in the eastern part of this county. At the same time I ordered 100 men of Companies C, I, and K, from Warrensburg to the headwaters of Blackwater and Davis Creek. I have no official report from them yet, but learn they are doing good work. I returned to this place on the 25th, having had a severe skirmish in the brush on the Tabo on the 22nd, which resulted

