
Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Colonel Bazel F. Lazear, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry, of operations October 7-19.

Numbers 3.-Colonel George H. Hall, Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, of operations October 7-20.

Numbers 4.-Major George W. Kelly, Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, of the action at Marshall, Mo.

Numbers 5.-Major William Gentry, Fifth Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, of operations October 7-17.

Numbers 6.-Colonel John F. Philips, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry, of operations October 6-18.

Numbers 7.-Lieutenant Colonel Thomas T. Crittenden, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 8.-Major Emory S. Foster, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry, of skirmish near Cole Camp.

Numbers 9.-Captain H. A. Yarnell, Ninth Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, of action at Marshall, Mo.

Numbers 10.-Brigadier General John McNeil, U. S. Army, of operations October 9-27.

Numbers 11.-Colonel John Edwards, Eighteenth Iowa Infantry, of operations October 6-12.

Numbers 12.-Major Austin A. King, Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, of skirmishes near and at Humansville, Mo.

Numbers 13.-Captain Charles B. McAfee, Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, of action at Neosho, Mo.

Numbers 14.-Captain Henry V. Stall, Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, of action at Neosho, Mo.

Numbers 15.-Major Edward B. Eno, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, of action at Neosho, Mo.

Numbers 16.-Colonel John D. Allen, Seventh Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia, of action at Neosho, Mo.

Numbers 17.-Major Wick Morgan, Seventh Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia, of skirmishes at Greenfield, Mo.

Numbers 18.-Colonel M. La Rue Harrison, First Arkansas Cavalry (Union), of operations October 15-21.

Numbers 19.-Captain De Witt C. Hopkins, First Arkansas Cavalry (Union), of skirmish on Deer Creek.

Numbers 20.-Brigadier General Thomas Ewing, jr., U. S. Army, commanding District of the Border, of operations October 12-21.

Numbers 21.-Major Richard H. Brown, Twelfth Missouri Cavalry, District of Saint Louis, of operations October 9-19.

Numbers 22.-Lieutenant Colonel Quinn Morton, Twenty-third Missouri Infantry, District of Rolla, of operations October 7-22.

Numbers 23.-Brigadier General Colly B. Holland, Enrolled Missouri Militia.

Numbers 24.-Colonel Joseph O. Shelby, Fifth Missouri Cavalry (Confederate), commanding expedition, of operations September 22-November 3.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Egbert B. Brown, U. S. Army, commanding District of Central Missouri, of operations October 6-26.
HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD,Sedalia, Mo., October 10, 1863.-3 p. m.

GENERAL: I moved with eleven companies of Missouri State Militia and two pieces First Missouri State Militia battery from Osceola to this place yesterday. Lieutenant-Colonel Lazear, with 700 men and three pieces of light artillery, of the Missouri State Militia, is following the

