
The enemy had possession of the ford on my arrival, and checked my advance for a few moments, but, by making a detour to the left, I found another crossing, and gained a position in their rear on the bank of the creek, along which they were formed. They soon gave way, and broke through the dense timber and brush which for a mile and a half fringed the borders of the creek. By throwing a force through their center, their forces were divided, part being driven east toward Arrow Rock, and part, under Shelby, to the northwest, both bodies pursued by our victorious troops.

I was misinformed when I reported to you by telegraph to-day that the enemy's artillery had been captured. We got his best gun, an iron 10-pounder (Parrott pattern), originally in Bledsoe's battery, but he succeeded in getting away with one piece (since captured), a brass 6-pounder, that was captured from me at Springfield on the 8th of January. I am unable to give a correct account of the killed and wounded. Ours, including all our losses from Cole Camp to this place and the fight of to-day, will not exceed 30. Of the enemy, I am officially advised that 53 dead have been found in the brush, and 98 seriously wounded, who have been left a the hospitals here and at the houses on the road in the vicinity. They lost a considerable number in the different attacks we made on the march. at Merrill's we found 16 dead in the morning after the skirmish. At Larnier's Crossing they lost 9 killed. We have taken a number of prisoners, and they are coming in hourly. A portion of their train was captured. I think they are effectually broken up, and I shall not give them time to rally or concentrate. The pursuit and fighting has been done by the Missouri State Militia and Enrolled Missouri Militia. I can only point to the result of their efforts as the best commentary on their gallantry and endurance. For the past three days they have followed and engaged the enemy night and day, in the rain, without subsistence, except that gathered by the wayside, or protection, from the storm.

I hope, general, that the department will recognize the value of the services of the Missouri State Militia by furnishing them with good arms. Nearly one-half of my command was armed only with navy revolvers, purchased by themselves. This came very near causing a most disastrous defeat. It has forced me to move with less rapidity and great caution. The enemy were completely armed, and numbered nearly 2,000 men. My own force was about 1,600. At an early day I will make a more full report.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of Missouri, Saint Louis.

SEDALIA, MO., October 15, 1863-4 p. m.

GENERAL: After the defeat of the enemy at Marshall, which divided their forces, a part of my command, under Colonel Philips, followed the larger body, about 600 men, under Shelby, which moved to the west with a portion of their train. About 300, under Colonel Hunter, with one piece of artillery, which they managed to get off the field, moved southeast and crossed the Pacific Railroad between Syracuse and Otterville last night, pursued by Major Houts, of the Seventh Missouri State

