
lances, 5 wagon loads of fixed ammunition, 500 pounds rifle powder, and a number of mules and horses. Part of the rebel force, about 300 under Hunter, was heard from moving east, and I dispatched major Houts, with two companies of the Seventh Missouri State Militia and tow companies of the Forty-third Enrolled Missouri Militia, commanded by Captain Hart, in pursuit. Major Kelly, with battalion Fourth Missouri State Militia, and Gentry's battalion, Fifth Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia, marched toward Sedalia, arriving there on the night of the 14th. Lieutenant-Colonel Lazear, with the First Missouri State Militia, marched toward Lexington, pushing forward rapidly, and got ahead of Colonel Philips, who gave up the pursuit (his horses being nearly worn out) to Lieutenant-Colonel Lazear.

Colonel Weer, of General Ewing's forces, who had moved north through Clinton, and on the night of the 13th had arrived at a point 10 miles south of Marshall, and on the morning of the 14th marched west, with the expectation of being able to intercept the enemy south of Lexington, shortly after relieved Lazear's troops, the former having fresh horses, and pursued the enemy west of Warrensburg.

I returned to Sedalia on the night of the 14th, leaving two companies of the Seventh Missouri State Militia to scout the country east and west of Marshall as far as the Missouri River, for stragglers from the shattered rebel forces.

On arrival at Sedalia, I dispatched Colonel Hall, Fourth Missouri State Militia, with fresh troops, in pursuit of that part of the enemy which had gone east, and had crossed the Pacific Railroad, near Otterville, relieving Major Houts' command. Colonel Hall followed this part of the forces of the enemy across the Osage, and gave up the pursuit when he found General McNeil's troops had obtained the advance with fresh horses.

As soon as I became satisfied that the enemy were broken up into small bodies, scouting parties were ordered to move through al parts of this district and attack straggling bands, and secure as much abandoned property as possible. This has been successfully done.

The enemy entered this district at Warsaw on the 8th, with 1,600 well-armed men, soon increased to about 1,800 by two bands that joined him front the east. Within twenty-four hours afterward he was attacked, and for four days a running fight was kept up, until he was forced to make a stand at Marshall, with the result as stated.

When the raid began, the troops of the district were stationed over a tract of country 120 miles square, occupying thirty-seven posts. In seven days they were concentrated, and marched 280 miles (some of the commands over 300), without trains, and but a scanty subsistence, three days and nights in rain, and have killed and wounded a large number of the enemy, capturing about 100 prisoners, with a part of his artillery and arms, and all of his trains, ambulances, and ammunition wagons. As the skirmishing and fighting extended over 100 miles of thickly wooded country, no reliable report of the exact loss of the enemy can be made.

The loss on our side was 5 killed, 26 wounded, and 11 missing and captured, making a total of 42. We had 17 horses killed, 34 wounded, and 61 broken down and abandoned on the march. Total loss o horses, 112. The enemy captured from us at Warsaw 2 wagons and camp and garrison equipage for one company (which they destroyed), and 12 mules.

The accompanying reports of Colonel Philips, Colonel Hall, Lieutenant-Colonel Lazear, and Major Kelly will explain the movements of their respective commands.

