
The troops of this district deserve the special consideration of the major-general commanding for their courage, endurance, and the cheerful manner they have done their duty. Without being invidious, I may be permitted to express my obligations to Colonel George H. Hall, Colonel John F. Philips, Lieutenant Colonel B. F. Lazear; Majors Foster, houts, Suess, Kelly, Williams, and Gentry, and Captain Thurber for their active co-operation, and to the members of my staff, Lieutenant Colonel T. A. Switzler, Dr. R. P. Richardson, and Lieutenant R. G. Leaming, for their assistance.

It is with peculiar pleasure that I refer to the orderly conduct of the troops, in the respect paid to the rights of the citizens, notwithstanding their privations and exposure on their fatiguing marches.

To the citizens of Sedalia and the country generally, and to the Enrolled Missouri Militia, who readily obeyed the call "to arms," the State is in part indebted for the unsuccessful issue of the raid.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding.

Major OLIVER D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.

Numbers 2. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Bazel F. Lazear, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry, of operations October 7-19.
HDQRS. FIRST MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAVALRY,Warrensburg, October 19, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that at 11 p. m., 17th instant, Companies B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, K, and L, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry (Companies B, F, G, H, and L having just come in from Lexington and Wellington), left Warrensburg for Clinton, where we arrived at 11 a. m. 8th instant; marched that evening and night to Calhoun; 9th, marched from Calhoun to Cole Camp, where we struck the trail of Shelby, who was some four hours ahead of us. Shelby's men murdered two citizens at this place and robbed the town of everything in it.

Early on the morning of the 10th, started on Shelby's trail, pressing forward as rapidly as possible, passing on through Florence to Tipton, on Pacific Railroad.

The enemy plundered the country as they passed along of everything they could make use of. Learned that Shelby's force consisted of five regiments, of 300 men each, one battalion of 100 men, and two pieces of artillery, one brass 6-pounder and one iron Parrott 9 pounder gun, and that their force was picked from twenty-three regiments for the raid.

As we came near Tipton, I learned we would have to cross a prairie some 4 miles, and, having only 600 men of the First Missouri State Militia Cavalry and 70 men of the Seventh Missouri State Militia, under Captain Darst and Lieutenant Becker, who fell in with us at Calhoun, I deemed it best not to expose our whole force to view on the prairie. We halted at the edge of the brush, selected a very favorable position, and formed line of battle, and sent forward two companies to reconnoiter. When we arrived at Tipton, we found a few stragglers left

