
flank, and at the same time moved the First Battalion forward to the foot of the mountain, and the Second Battalion to the ground previously occupied by the First, and in this position remained until about 2 p. m., at which time you came up, and, under your direction, Companies A and C were dismounted and sent as skirmishers up this of the mountain, under command of Captain Crawford. They proceeded as far as the ledge of rocks, exchanging but a few shots with the enemy, who retired at their approach.

Colonel [Thomas Ewing, [jr.,] Eleventh Kansas Infantry, came up with four companies of his regiment, and he sent Company H, under Captain [J.] Huntoon, up the mountain to the ledge of rocks where they were concealed, and a few skirmishers were thrown forward to draw the advance of the enemy into ambush. Failing in this, Companies A and C were withdrawn and mounted.

Colonel Ewing and yourself returned with three companies of the infantry to the main line. I then ordered Captain Gunther to take command of Companies E and I, as a picket for the night, and he posted 6 men at the ledge of rocks, posting his reserve at the foot of the mountain. Captain Huntoon then withdrew his company and stationed it in the rear of the reserve picket, and soon afterward the outpost discovered the enemy approaching in force, and, coming under a severe fire, they retired slowly. Captain Gunther went immediately forward with his reserve to their support, and reoccupied the ledge of rocks. Soon afterward I sent Captain huntoon forward with his company to re-enforce Captain [A.] Gunther, and sent Companies A and D forward, dismounted, under command of Captain Crawford, instructing him to hold the ground, if possible. Brisk firing was opened on both sides.

The enemy, with a regiment of cavalry, charged upon our lines, but, our men reserving their fire until they advanced within 20 yards from their protected position, then poured in a well-directed volley, throwing the enemy's line in confusion, driving them back. The enemy approached again, but with more caution, and the fight became general along the entire line, lasting for more than three-quarters of an hour. The enemy was driven back, our men firing the last shot. The superior force of the enemy, and the demonstrations made by them upon our flanks, compelled Captain Crawford to retire to the foot of the hill. By this time it being dusk, and the enemy not advancing, Captain Gunther posted his pickets at the foot of the hill, and soon afterward Major [P. B.] Plumb re-enforced me with five companies of the Eleventh Kansas Infantry, occupying the ground where I had my First Battalion stationed in the forenoon. About 9 p. m. I ordered Captain Moore, with Companies F and H, to re-enforce Captain Gunther's picket.

I stationed Companies K and D near Major Plumb's position, and Companies C and G at the junction of the mountain road with the Cane Hill and Cover Creek road, and sent Company A to reconnoiter down the mountain road, where they remained until morning. At sunrise the next morning, Companies C, D, and G came forward through the advance, and firing again commenced between the pickets, I sent Captain Gunther, with 20 men, upon a high point to my right, to overlook and discover the movement of the enemy. At 9 o'clock he reported that the enemy had withdrawn his force toward Cover Creek, which he estimated at once regiment of cavalry and two regiments of infantry. I immediately sent forward skirmishers, who soon reported that the enemy's column had retired. I then sent Lieutenant-Colonel [S. H.] Wattles, who had re-enforced me with 200 Indians, up to the valley to my left, and ordered major Plumb, with his infantry, and Lieutenant Stover, with

