
in town; killed 2 while in the act of knocking down and robbing citizens, and took 1 prisoner. After the main column moved up, we learned that the enemy were drawn up in line of battle some 3 miles up the railroad, where we had heard some cannon shots, but supposed it was some of our own troops, as we expected every hour that some party would certainly head them. We determined to go up and give them battle, leaving two squadrons to protect our train, but found they had left, and returned just in time to find our pickets, skirmishing with a body of men advancing from the east. I felt certain they were Federal troops, and sent an order to Major Mullins, who was in the advance with Companies E and H (and going at a dash, as he had seen the advancing party fire on two of our guidons that had been sent out), to halt. At the same time a line of battle was formed, and another attempt made to ascertain who the party was, when they proved to be a party of the Enrolled Missouri Militia from California. The officer in charge of their advance acted very badly in swearing he did not care a damn for our flags nor who we were, and fired on two men who went forward with the guidons to learn who the advancing party was. Our loss in this skirmish was one horse wounded. It being now dark and raining, the troops were bivouacked in line of battle for the night. Lieutenant Dailey, Company D, was ordered, with 50 men, to follow the trail of the enemy to his pickets, and annoy them all night, to prevent their getting any rest; but, unfortunately, being entirely incompetent, he only went out 4 miles and returned, and did not report until 6 o'clock next morning. During the night we were joined by Major Kelly and 200 men of the Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, and Major Gentry and 200 men of the Fifth Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia. Jus as the command was moving on the morning of the 11th, we received what was deemed reliable information that the enemy was at Otterville and fighting. We left their trail, and pushed on up the railroad as far as Syracuse, where we learned the report was false, and the enemy were on the road to Boonville. Here I ordered all our train, except two ammunition wagons, to remain, under charge of Captain Folmsbee, with his company (B). We pushed on rapidly to Boonville, coming on to strong picket of the enemy just at dark, 4 miles out from Boonville. Their pickets were driven from their positions, when we again bivouacked in line of battle, without fires and nothing to eat. Night very dark and rainy. Were joined this evening at camp by Captain Ware [Wear?] and 120 men of the Ninth Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia.

Started on the morning of the 12th, at 5 o'clock. Pushed on rapidly through Boonville (as we expected the enemy would be stopped by a force supposed to be in their front) when the advance, composed of Captain Darst's company and a detachment under Lieutenant Becker, of the Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry, and Companies D and E, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry; under Major Mullins, came in sight f the rear guard of the enemy as they left their camp. Skirmishing was soon commenced, and kept up almost continuously, lasting, in one place, half an hour, until we reached Dug Ford, on La Mine. Here the enemy left a force of some 200 or 300 men to defend the ford. They were charged on by Captain Little and his brave Company E, who dashed across the river, receiving a most terrible fire from the enemy, only a few yards distant, which resembled a loud crash of thunder more than a report of fire-arms; but they were routed, and fled, 5 or 6 of their men being mortally and badly wounded, one of whom was a lieutenant-colonel of Hunter's regiment (wounded in the arm), and 1 prisoner. Company E's loss in this charge was 2 killed on

