
the spot, 1 mortally, 2 severely, and 2 slightly wounded. One of the latter, Lieutenant Hardesty, had three balls through his clothes, one of which was in the center of the body, but was turned off by a breast-plate. His and Captain Little's horses were wounded, and Lieutenant Madden's killed. Besides our loss here, we had previously lost 2 killed and 2 slightly wounded of the Seventh Missouri State Militia. Up to this time the enemy's loss was 8 killed, 4 prisoners, and, no doubt, a large number wounded.

Major Mullins deserves great praise for the manner in which he conducted the advance up to this time. Shortly after crossing the La Mine, the command fell in your rear, when our work for the day ceased, except moving up to your command, where you had the skirmish near Jonesborough. The detachment of the Seventh Missouri State Militia joined their regiment this evening, leaving under my command 500 of the First Missouri State Militia Cavalry; 200 of the Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, Major Kelly; 200 of the Fifth Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, Major Gentry, and 120 men of the Ninth Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, under Captain Ware [Wear?], making an aggregate of 1,020 men. At 11 p. m. we bivouacked in line of battle. At 5 a. m. on the 13th, moved for Marshall, reaching that place at 7 o'clock, placing pickets on the different roads, and fed. In a short time the pickets on the road east of town reported the enemy in sight, advancing on the town. "To horse!" was sounded, and Major McGhee, in command of Second Battalion, and Captain Ware [Wear?], Enrolled Missouri Militia, were ordered to take position on a hill southeast of town, and hold the hill at all hazards. Major Mullins, with the First Battalion, except Company F, was ordered to dismount and take the center; Company L on the left of the battalion, in the town, and Major Gentry and his command on the left, and Major Kelly and his command and Company F held as reserve in rear of our tow small pieces of artillery.

The enemy opened with his artillery on Major McGhee's column before he got his position, killing 1 horse in Company C the second round. By the time Major McGhee's battalion were dismounted and got in position, a large body of the enemy were advancing to take the hill he (McGhee) was ordered to hold. They were repulsed by Major McGhee's riflemen in gallant style, and he continued to hold the hill until the enemy gave way. The second point of attack by the enemy was on the center, Major Mullins, where the gallant boys of the First Battalion resisted and drove back three separate charges of the enemy, with heavy loss to them. At the same time our two small pieces opened on the enemy, but could not reach them, as we had no ammunition but canister. Took a new position with our artillery within 250 yards of the enemy's guns, when a most desperate charge was attempted on our pieces. The support on the left of the pieces (Major Gentry's command) fell back in confusion without firing a gun. Four gunners at one gun wounded, and all support gone, the pieces were ordered to fall back to the edge of the town, where the whole force was rallied and place in good position, and gallantly held their position against several charges until the enemy began to fall back, when our whole lines were advanced after the enemy. As soon as the left of the line was made secure, Major Kelly's battalion was ordered north and to our left, to watch and prevent any attempt the enemy might make to outflank us on our left. We were in this position when you arrived upon the ground. The battle had been going on some two or three hours. Up to this time, and for the first hour and a half, it was very severe. It was after your arrival, and

