
Leaving all the detachments under my command, except the First Missouri State Militia Cavalry, at Marshall, I have no report of their casualties at Marshall.

I am, general, very respectfully,

B. F. LAZEAR,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Missouri State Militia Cavalry, Commanding Detachment in the Field.

Brigadier-General BROWN,

Commanding District of Central Missouri.
HDQRS. FIRST MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAVALRY,Warrensburg, October 31, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In my official report to the commanding general of Central District of Missouri of the expedition against Shelby, I omitted to mention the very valuable services rendered me by the tow detachments of the Seventh Missouri State Militia, and particularly the detachment commanded by Lieutenant Becker. He and his men, being acquainted with the country, were in the advance the most of the time, and, with the exception of the engagement at Dug Ford, participated in all the skirmishes of October 13, and, as I am informed by Major Mullins, who was in command of the advance, acted their part bravely, losing 2 men killed and 2 slightly wounded. I make this amendment to my report, as I wish to do full justice to all officers and men, particularly so to detachments of other regiments who were under my command.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

B. F. LAZEAR,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Missouri State Militia Cavalry, Commanding Detachment in the Field.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Central Missouri.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel George H. Hall, Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, of operations October 7-20.
HDQRS. FOURTH MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAVALRY,Marshall, Mo., October 23, 1863.

MAJOR: In obedience to circular order from Headquarters Central District of Missouri, Jefferson City, October 19, 1863, I have to report that, on the morning of the 7th instant, I received orders to march with the troops under my command to Sedalia, Mo., and there await further orders. With three squadrons of the Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry and a section of Thurber's Missouri State Militia battery, under command of Lieutenant Newgent, I arrived at Sedalia, Mo., on the evening of the 7th instant; distance, 35 miles. Company A, Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, being on a scout near Waverly, reached Sedalia on the evening of the 8th instant.

About 12 m. of the 18th instant, I received information that Shelby, with his rebel force, estimated at 2,000 men, had captured Warsaw and dispersed the Federal troops stationed at that post (which was 40 miles

