
Officers and soldiers of my command behaved well. Casualties in four squadrons of Fourth Missouri Militia Cavalry, under my command, are as follows: Company A, Privates William Frund and Ellis Edwards, shot in the neck; Company B, Second Lieutenant William McClelland, shot in the thigh, Private George Fitzwaters, shot in the knee; Company E, Privates A. J. Bradley, shot in the thigh, George H. Baughn, in the hand. I had 6 horses killed and 14 wounded in the command. I followed up the retreat of the enemy from Marshall to Vansuet's, 12 miles northwest, same day, killing 1 and wounding several; encamped for the night.

October 14, received orders to march my command back to Marshall. Arrived at Marshall at 10 o'clock; received orders to march; left at 11 a. m.; marched to Sedalia; distance traveled, total, 180 miles.

G. W. KELLY,

Major Fourth Missouri State Militia Commanding Detachment.

Colonel GEORGE H. HALL,

Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 5. Report of Major William Gentry, Fifth Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, of operations October 7-17.
HDQRS. FIRST BATTALION FIFTH PROV. Regiment E. M. M.,Georgetown, Mo., October 31, 1863.

In accordance with an order issued by Colonel John F. Philips, commanding Third Sub-District, Central District of Missouri, of which the following is a copy, to wit:
SPECIAL ORDERS,HDQRS. THIRD SUB-DIST., CENTRAL DIST., OF MISSOURI, No.-. Sedalia, October 6, 1863.

I. Major William Gentry, Fifth Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, will assume command of the post of Sedalia until further orders.

* * *

III. Major Gentry will so dispose of his forces as to cover Sedalia, Dresden, and the bridge on the Pacific Railroad in Pettis County.

JOHN F. PHILIPS,Colonel Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry, Commanding Sub-District.

I took command of the post at Sedalia on the 7th instant, and ordered Captain Brown, of Company E, to that place with 30 men,and proceeded to organize about 100 citizens, and fortified the place as best we could with railroad ties and bales of hay, leaving the balance of Captain Brown's company at Dresden, under Lieutenant Funk; Lieutenant Satterwhite, of Company D, at the railroad bridge across Big Muddy, with 30 men, as a guard, and Sergt. J. E. Rigg, with 15 men, at Georgetown, to guard the records of the country, &amp;c., with an order on the officers at the different posts to be on the alert, and, if we should be attacked, to proceed at once to Sedalia with their several commands. In this position we remained until the morning of the 10th, when I ordered all the different squads of my command to be at Sedalia by 7 o'clock of that morning, which order was promptly obeyed, and at about 7.30 o'clock we started in the direction of Tipton, in search of the enemy. Our command consisted of four companies of the Fourth Missouri State Militia, under Major Kelly, and parts of Companies D and E, of my battalion,

