
his howitzers, to report to you. I sent Captain Cameron, with his company, to reconnoiter the mountains to my left, and prepared to pursue the enemy with my cavalry, when I received orders from you to march toward Fayetteville, on the road by way of Ross' Mill, as rear guard to the column which was then in that direction.

My loss in the action of the night of the 6th Privates Albert Payne, of Company A, and Sylvanus Heberling, of Company I, both severely wounded. Captain Huntoon had [several men] wounded; names unknown.

I have since ascertained, from officers and soldiers of the rebel army, that the force sent up there to attack me that night consisted of one regiment of cavalry, under Colonel Shelby, two regiments of infantry, one under command of Colonel Hunter and the other under command of --- ---, and Tilden's battery, the whole under command of Brigadier-General Frost; but meeting, as they did, with such unexpected and well-timed resistance, did not attempt to follow us.

The rebel loss was 10 killed and 27 wounded.

During the night of the 6th the wheels of the enemy battery were muffled, and it was taken back to Cover Creek.

I have been thus explicit the events of nearly three days from the fact that it has been definitely ascertained, since the occurrence of the same, that it was a part of the enemy's plan to divided his force at Price's old headquarters, sending one part up, through Cane Hill, to attack this division of the army and drive it back, and to send the rest up the Covre Creek toad to the rear, to Intercept and cut off retreat, and, also, because it required extreme vigilance and watchfulness on the part of the officers and men, testing their courage and bravery, their willingness to endure fatigue, and their skill in checking the advance of a foe.

Captain Hunton, with his company (H, Eleventh Kansas Infantry), behaved in an admirable manner, standing form and unflinching, though for the first time under fire. To Captain [A.] Moore, who was left in command of the advance during the night, should be awarded more than ordinary praise for his vigilance in the discharge of his duty. To D. B. Smith, esq., of Leavenworth, I tender my acknowledgments for valuable services and gallant conduct as volunteer aide during the 6th and 7th instant. To the officers and soldiers who were with me during the various skirmishes and maneuvers here recounted, my thanks are tendered.

As an appropriate designation for the affair on the evening of the 6th, I most respectfully suggest "The action of Reed's Mountain."

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OWEN A. BASSETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel WILLIAM F. CLOUD,

Commanding Third Brigade, First Division.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain Amaziah Moore, Second Kansas Cavalry, of skirmish at Reed's Mountain.

CAMP NEAR CANE HILL, ARK., December 11, 1862.

COLONEL: The picket guard, commanded by Captain [A.] Gunther, composed of detachments from Companies I and C, having been attacked

