
fearfully demoralized, and sought safety alone in flight. It was now growing dark. The horses and men were exhausted. Having left camp that morning before breakfast, we had not eaten that day. Our transportation was left at Marshall. We were then without rations, and found rest on a soldier's bed. In obedience to your orders, the commands of Majors Kelly and Gentry and the battery were sent back to Marshall.

At 4 a. m. on the 14th instant, I renewed the pursuit, being joined by 200 men of the Ninth Provisional Regiment Enrolled Militia, under Lieutenant-Colonel Brutsche. The enemy's trail bore evidence of panic. It was strew with hats, clothes, plunder, &amp;c. He made no halt for the night, and, having to pass through a dense forest, his transportation greatly retarded his progress. Information received from citizens, with whom Shelby and others conversed, showed that he had 600 men with him; that his force was cut in twain at Marshall; he supposed they were captured; that he believed I was pursuing him through the night, and 5 miles east of Marshall he became so greatly alarmed at the report of our approach that he abandoned his transportation, viz, 2 ambulances, 5 army wagons, and 40 head of team mules. The wagons were precipitated over a steep bank into the Missouri River. Three of them were laden with ammunition-pistol, rifle, and artillery ammunition, fixed. The ambulances I brought along. The ammunition, &c., I hurled into the river. The wagons could not be drawn out, and were left. The mules were running at large on the commons. A scout sent in there might secure this property. I lost as little time as possible, and pressed forward at a trot. The enemy passed through Waverly at 3 a. m. Two miles beyond there he turned south from the Lexington road. I followed up 12 miles out. Colonel Weer, of the Ninth Kansas Cavalry, passed in front of me and took up the trail, and a few miles farther Colonel Lazear, who had gone direct from Marshall, en route for Lexington, passed in front of Colonel Weer, and took up the pursuit. The enemy had traveled with such unremitting energy, and so much celerity, as to outstrip all efforts to head him off. I continued the chase to where he crossed the Georgetown and Lexington road, 14 miles from Lexington. Night was now approaching; a larger force than that of the enemy was in advance of me several miles; my horses were worn down, and men suffering with hunger. I therefore abandoned the chase; dropped down the road to the east 6 miles, intending to look after that portion of the enemy cut off at Marshall, entertaining the idea that he might attempt to escape up Blackwater and through the timbers of Davis. This day I had marched 45 miles without stopping to feed. At 9 p. m. we fed the horses, but the men were unfed, except with bacon.

The next day I moved down Blackwater 25 miles, and remained that night on the creek, at an intermediate point between Sedalia and Marshall. Supplies sent me from Sedalia did not reach us until the morning of the 16th, when I was moving out of camp. The men had fared so sumptuously and so long on bacon and fries beef, that we would not then halt to eat crackers, coffee, &c., but returned, in obedience to your orders, direct to Sedalia, having first sent tow companies to scout Saline County for rebel stragglers. When I reached Sedalia, I had been on the march nine days, two nights and parts of seven, having marched in all a distance of 310 miles.

The number of the enemy killed and wounded by my command is difficult to state; 29 or 30 are known to have been killed outright in the several skirmishes; how many in the main engagement at Marshall is not known. We took no prisoners.

41 R R-VOL XXII, PT I

