
My casualties, so far as I can ascertain, are as follows: In Company A, 2 men slightly wounded; horses broken down and abandoned on march, 5. Company B, 1 horse broken down and abandoned on march. Company C, 2 men wounded slightly; 5 horses broken down and abandoned on march. Company D, 2 men wounded; 5 horses shot and 6 abandoned on march. Company E, 2 men killed, 1 wounded slightly, and 3 taken prisoners and paroled at Warsaw; 3 horses killed, 4 wounded, and 4 abandoned on march; 2 army wagons and 12 mules, 1,500 rounds of ammunition, camp and garrison equipage, &amp;c., captured at Warsaw, and a number of guns. Company F, 2 slightly wounded; 10 horses broken down and abandoned on march. Company G, 6 horses abandoned on march. Company H, 3 horses abandoned on march. Company I, 5 men taken prisoners and paroled at Warsaw; 1 man missing; 10 horses captured; 2 horses abandoned on march. Company K, 2 men captured and paroled at Warsaw; 2 horses abandoned on march. Company L, 1 man wounded slightly; 7 horses broken down and abandoned, on march. Company M, 2 men wounded slightly.

We captured quite a number of horses and mules and small-arms from the enemy.

It is a matter of sincere gratulation that, in view of the many fierce engagement and dashes of this campaign, so few of my men were hurt. They behaved well in action and on the march; in their valor and discipline the nation will ever find a sure palladium to guard its property against the inroads of such plunderers as Shelby and his traitor confederates. It likewise commend to your good opinion the gallantry and conduct of my line officers. They acted well their part. The service conduct of my line officers. They acted well their part. The service has not in it a nobler trio than my three majors.

Congratulating you, general, upon your brilliant success, and hoping that you may be as useful to the country in the future as you have been in the past, I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

JNO. F. PHILIPS,

Colonel Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Brigadier-General BROWN,

Commanding District of Central Missouri.

Numbers 7. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas T. Crittenden, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

BOONVILLE, October 12, 1863-12 m.

MAJOR: Instant arrived. Found about 1,000 rebels, with two pieces of artillery, in possession of the town. Could not cross. Major Leonard, of the Ninth Missouri State Militia, with 200 soldiers, was attempting to cross the river just as the enemy came in town; was driven back, so we remained on the opposite side of the river. I concealed the boat behind an island. Have 300 men with me. Will move out immediately to join our pursuing forces. I know nothing of General Guitar. Rebels took all the clothing, boots, shoes, arms, and horses that could be found in town; robbed the country treasury of $6,000 or $8,000; robbed the sheriff; killed no citizens; moved out on Georgetown road. Shelby said he was going to Waverly and Lexington.

T. T. CRITTENDEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Major LUCIEN J. BARNES, Assistant Adjutant-General.

