
JEFFERSON CITY, October 14, 1863.

(Received at Boonville, 4.35 p. m.)

Lieutenant-Colonel CRITTENDEN:

General Schofield directs that you scour the country, especially along the river, and pick up the scattered rebels who may come that way. News of General Brown's victory yesterday received. Watch the La Mine country.

LUCIEN J. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND SUB-MILITARY DISTRICT,Tipton, October 26, 1863.

GENERAL: Learning that a large number of guerrillas, under Jackman, were crossing from the north to the south side of the Missouri River, near the La Mine, in Cooper County, on or about the 5th of the present month, I moved to Boonville in person, in order that I could more effectually use the troops stationed at that place to check the movements of the enemy. I am prompted to believe that it was done to a certain extent, and would have been entirely so had I possessed at the time a few more troops to have placed between Boonville and the Rocheport Landing, upon the south side of the river. During the absence from this place, an order came to myself, or the commanding officer at Tipton, to move, with celerity, with Company M, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry, under Captain Queen, stationed at Tipton; Company L, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry, under Captain Henslee, stationed at Versailles, and Company H, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry, under Captain Box, stationed at Syracuse, to Clinton, Henry County, Missouri, and there report to Colonel John F. Philips, commanding Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry. Captains Box and Henslee were notified by Captain Queen, commanding at Tipton during my absence. And here permit me to say, general, that those companies moved with creditable promptitude; were in line, with transportation moving, in one hour from the time that the bugle sounded the assembly. I have made this digression that the companies of the Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry within my sub-district should be properly commended to your notice for their alacrity and eagerness for the fray. As soon as I was notified, I moved from Boonville to Tipton, for the purpose of proceeding to Sedalia; thence to the field, in order to join my command. The enemy, under Colonel Shelby, was approaching the Pacific Railroad so rapidly that it was deemed imprudent to proceed farther than Syracuse with the cars on the evening of the 8th instant. Finding myself, in company with several other officers of the Fourth and Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry, cut off from our commands, I determined to return to Tipton, organize the disbanded militia, and render as much obstruction as possible to the movements of the enemy, who, I learned from scouts and other sources, were moving upon or toward the railroad. I commenced immediately communication with General Totten, who had temporarily assumed command in your stead at Jefferson City. Kept him advised of the movements, courses, and actions of the enemy. I will here say that, to his foresight in forwarding a large train of freight cars, the merchants and tradesmen of this town and country can congratulate themselves, and feel obligated to him upon saving $75,000 worth of valuable property from the eager grasp of unscrupulous men.

On Saturday morning, October 10, between daylight and sunrise, in

