
Numbers 8. Report of Major Emory S. Foster, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry, of skirmish near Cole Camp.

ON THE MARCH,

Twenty miles from Sedalia, on the Warsaw Road,

October 9, 1863-1.30 p. m.

GENERAL: I left Warsaw this morning at 7.45. Moved out on the Sedalia road to the Cole Camp road, to within 4 miles of that place, encountering and driving in heavy pickets on these roads. Afterward, in a skirmish with a scouting party, we wounded 2, one supposed to be Shelby's adjutant, and captured 3 prisoners. I did not shoot them, because the enemy have possession of several of our men. These prisoners say there are over 1,500 Confederate troops, armed and equipped as themselves, which is excellent, with two small guns. For the last pickets made going in, and for the last hour a heavy dust has been lengthening out north of Cole Camp. The prisoners say it is the command marching on Sedalia or Boonville. I go on immediately to Sedalia.

I am, respectfully,

EMORY S. FOSTER,

Major Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

General E. B. BROWN.

Numbers 9. Report of Captain H. A. Yarnell, Ninth Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, of action at Marshall, Mo.
HDQRS. COMPANY C, NINTH PROVISIONAL REGIMENT,California, Mo., October 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report to your the operations of this company from the 9th of October, 1863, to the 22nd, inclusive.

Friday morning, October 9, received orders to march to Sedalia. A portion of the company being on a scout, rendered it impossible to obey the order forthwith, and delaying us until 6 p. m., when we started, intending to go by the way of Otterville; reached a point 3 miles distant from Otterville at 4 o'clock in the morning, when we learned that the rebels had burned the La Mine Bridge, and were still there, 300 of them. Colonel Weer then ordered us back 6 miles, to the Georgetown road. Taking this, we arrived at Sedalia at 2 p. m. We then received orders to march to Otterville; distance, 15 miles; camped there that night.

Sunday morning, October 11, by order of Colonel Weer, moved east, to try and effect a junction with Colonel Lazear, reported to be at Tipton; came up with his command, 4 miles south of Boonville, at sunset, having traveled something near 60 miles to-day. Fed our horses and camped on the ground, having no fires.

Next morning, October 12, we were placed in the rear, with the ambulances and ammunition. Marched into Boonville at sunrise, and out, without halting, on the Georgetown road. We remained in the rear all day; camped at 9 p. m.

October 13, moved at daybreak; halted at Marshall, Saline County,

