
9.30 a. m. The battle commenced at 10 o'clock, by the enemy driving our pickets into town. We were then ordered out on the prairie, the enemy being in the brush north of us. When opposite their batteries, they commenced shelling us, the third one striking in McGhee's battalion, which occupied our right. Then, dismounting, we advanced down the hill and into the brush about 50 paces. Held this position some thirty minutes; then were ordered back to the edge of the prairie. While in the brush we received a heavy fire of musketry, to which we replied all along our line of skirmishers. held our last position until the enemy began to fall back, when we were ordered to charge, when we advanced some 3 miles, they contesting the ground about 2 miles. They were pushed so close as to be compelled to leave one piece of artillery, having dismounted it. Fortunately we lost no men. Returned to Marshall and quartered for the night.

October 14, was ordered over the battle-field in the morning; then in the evening ordered to Sedalia as a prison guard.

October 15, reported at Sedalia at 6 o'clock this morning; remained in camp.

October 16, marched to Syracuse as a prisoner's guard.

October 17, a portion of the command were detailed to guard the prisoners to Jefferson City, on the Pacific Railroad morning train; the remainder were ordered to report to Colonel Crittenden, at Tipton.

October 18, at Tipton; nothing of interest on hand.

October 19, at Tipton; Colonel Crittenden not having arrived.

October 20 and 21, still in camp at Tipton.

October 22, ordered to California.

H. A. YARNELL,

Captain, Commanding Company C, Ninth Provisional Regiment E. M. M.

Numbers 10. Reports of Brigadier General John McNeil, U. S. Army, of operations October 9-27.

BUFFALO, MO., October 14, 1863.

GENERAL: From intelligence received from General Brown, I shall move west to-morrow morning, as soon as I can concentrate my forces. My object for this movements is, that if the enemy is defeated by General Brown, they will scatter in small bands, and retreat through Jackson County and make for Taberville Ford.

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Saint Louis, Mo.

BUFFALO, MO., October 14, 1863.

GENERAL: Colonel Bishop received this morning a telegram from Major Hunt, commanding at Fayetteville, to the effect that at 11 o'clock, October 12, flag of truce was sent in signed by Colonel Brooks commanding Confederate forces, demanding surrender of the post in thirty

