
by the enemy with a force of cavalry, I ordered Captain [J.] Huntoon to re-enforce the guard with Company H, of the Eleventh Regiment. The guard was posted upon a rocky eminence on the Cove Creek road, about 3 miles from this encampment.

I formed my line across the road, below the bluff, concealing my men as much as the nature of the ground would permit from the view of the enemy. A desultory fire had for some time been kept up by Captain [A.] Gunther, who had been obliged to abandon his ground. Although gallantry contested.

A forward movement soon regained the ground we had lost, and drove the enemy back, but he immediately returned and attacked us with great fully. He was received with a vigorous fire, the men loading and firing rapidly and with great steadiness. The enemy, failing to drive me from my position, charged gallantry up to my line, but was repulsed with considerable loss. Falling back beyond the reach of our pieces, he rallied a second time and came down upon the line in splendid style, discharging his pieces at full speed. During this impetuous charge a part of my force fell back, but were soon rallied, and held the ground against the enemy.

In the mean time, having sent for re-enforcements, Captains and Acting Major [S. J.] Crawford came forward with Companies A and D, under command of Lieutenants [J.] Johnston and [H. L.] Moore, and formed upon the right. It now became evident that the enemy had been re-enforced, and was preparing for another desperate charge. Infantry were seen moving down upon the right flank, and shots were fired from the ravine upon the left. Nevertheless, the line remained firm, and repulsed the enemy's charge most gallantly. The enemy having effected a flank movement, a change of position became necessary, which was accomplished in good order and without loss.

The enemy's loss has since been ascertained to be 21 killed and wounded, and 12 horses dead upon the field. My loss is 4 wounded, 1 severely.

I take this occasion to speak in the highest terms of the bravery and good conduct of Captain Huntoon, of the Eleventh Regiment, and of Captain Gunther, of the Second Regiment. The men, with scarcely an exception, fought gallantly, and many instances of great personal daring were observed.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. MOORE,

Captain, and Field officer of the Day.

Colonel WILLIAM F. CLOUD,

Commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 4. Report of Captain Joel Huntoon, Eleventh Kansas Infantry, of skirmish at Reed's Mountain.

On the morning of the 6th of December, 1862, Company H, of the Eleventh Kansas Infantry, marched with a detachment of that regiment from line of battle, near Cane Hill, Ark., to the foot of the Boston Mountains, at which place Company H was ordered to relieve the advance, stationed near the top of the mountain, which was composed of a detachment of the Second Kansas Cavalry. The company remained

5 R - VOL XXII, PT I

