
Although I have been disappointed in my earnest hope to attack and destroy the force under Shelby, I feel confident of having done all that men could do under the circumstances. We have driven the enemy so that he had to stick to the road, and thus prevented a widely extended pillage both in Arkansas and Missouri.

We have taken 44 prisoners, besides discharging as many more who were conscripts. We have killed and wounded many of his men, and driven numbers to the mountains, where he will not easily get them again. The captures in horses were also large.

My officers and men bore the fatigue and exposure of this campaign without tents and on small rations in a manner to excite my admiration. Colonels Edwards and Catherwood were earnest in their co-operation in duty, and Majors King, Eno, and Hunt were always ready for any duty assigned them. Major King deserves especial mention for his gallant attack on the enemy at Humansville on the 15th, in which he captured the last cannon the enemy brought into Missouri with him, a 6-pounder brass gun. Major Hunt, with his battalion of Arkansians, were, on account of their knowledge of the country, pushed forward in the advance from Huntsville to Clarksville. This duty was promptly and cheerfully performed by the major and his gallant command, who drove the enemy from every position, killing and wounding many and taking prisoners at every charge.

To Captain Rabb, chief of artillery, and Lieutenants Whicher, Rabb's battery, and Johnston, section of howitzers, I am under obligations for services which mark them as true soldiers.

Lieutenant [A. T.] Baubie, quartermaster of the Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, acted a chief quartermaster of the expedition, and gave unqualified satisfaction. Lieutenant [F. W.] Selle, commissary of the same regiment, acted as chief commissary, acquitting himself with great credit.

Captain [D. C.] Hopkins, First Arkansas Cavalry, joined me at Clarksville with 34 men. I had sent him from Buffalo on the 13th toward Duroc, to observe the enemy and report his motions. While on this duty he ran on to the enemy in force, killing 6 and losing but 2 of his own men. The day after he rejoined me, he attacked a party belonging to Brooks, of 150 strong, and drove them back upon a detachment of the Third Wisconsin Cavalry, that had been sent from Van Buren in pursuit of this same party, taking several horses, and killing and wounding 6 of the enemy. The captain is a most active and efficient scout, and a brave soldier.

The health of the command has been uniformly good. We had but 3 sick men on all the trip.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Major-General SCHOFIELD.

Numbers 11. Reports of Colonel John Edwards, Eighteenth Iowa Infantry, of operations October 6-12.

SAC RIVER,

Fifteen [miles] East of Greenfield October 7, 1863-6 a.m .

GENERAL: I arrived here last night with 150 men and three pieces of artillery. Shelby and Coffee left Greenfield yesterday at 12 m. for

