
BUFFALO, MO., October 10, 1863-6 p. m.

Captain [G. W.] Murphy, of the Sixth Missouri State Militia, in command of my advance guard, has just arrived. He left Warsaw this morning at 1 a. m., had skirmish last evening near Warsaw with the enemy's rear guard. Lieutenant [R. B.] Riggs, of this command, was wounded. He killed 2 rebels and took 1 prisoner. Captain Murphy reports a suspicious train of 40 wagons and a large amount of stock, which has been following Shelby's command, and there are several families with the train claiming to be loyal. The supposition is that the large number of wagons and stock plundered by the rebels have been turned over to this train. It was making its way to Sedalia. Captain Murphy detained it several hours, but, being under orders, had to leave it.

JNO. EDWARDS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major-General SCHOFIELD.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Buffalo, October 12, 1863-10 p. m.

GENERAL: A dispatch just received from Captain Laurant, informing me of your expected arrival in Springfield, to resume command of the district, I avail myself of the earliest opportunity to report to you the present distribution of the troops in the field and of my operations since I have been in command.

On assuming command, it was reported to me that t he enemy, under Shelby and Coffee, were in force at Huntsville, Ark. I was ordered by the department commander to concentrate the troops as rapidly as possible. I ordered Major ENumbers Eighth Missouri State Militia, with his command, to Cassville, and Major King, Sixth Missouri State Militia, to concentrate all the troops on the western border, at Newtonia. The messenger carrying the dispatch to Major King was captured, and consequently the concentration was delayed. The enemy passed through Bentonville, en route for Neosho. I ordered Major Eno to endeavor to intercept him. The enemy were too far in the advance for him to be able to accomplish this, and passed rapidly through to Greenfield, Stockton, Quincy, and Warsaw. I ordered the two 12-pounder howitzers and 6-pounder to be equipped and fitted for active operations with them, and about 150 men started to intercept the enemy at Greenfield. I arrived there twenty-four hours after the enemy had passed, with a force variously estimated from 2,000 to 4,000. From prisoners I learned that he had 2,600, and subsequent events lead me to believe that this was correct. At Greenfield I was re-enforced by Majors Eno and King with about 500 men, and by General Holland with 600 Enrolled Missouri Militia. We pursued the enemy as far as Quincy, where I received a dispatch from General Schofield ordering me to keep south of the enemy, and he would undoubtedly be driven back; and also to keep my men and horses in good condition. I directed General Holland to Osceola, to watch the enemy in that direction. I remained at Quincy from the morning of the 9th until the morning of the 10th, as it was uncertain whether the enemy would turn to the east or west of Sedalia. My scouts having brought me information, late on the night of the 9th, that the enemy had turned eastward, I moved my command east to within 7 miles of this place. On the morning of the 11th, I received a dispatch from Colonel [J. J.] Gravely that the enemy were crossing a large amount of stock at Linn Creek. I ordered Major Eno, with 500

