
cavalry and one 12-pounder, to intercept at that point. I had strong scouts out all the roads leading from fords of the Osage.

On arriving here, I found Lieutenant Colonel Quinn Morton, with a force of 400 infantry and about 300 cavalry, encamped on the Little Niangua. He reported to me, and then, without my knowledge and in disregard of my request, moved his whole force to Linn Creek, as I had ordered him to move his infantry to Lebanon, to garrison the post and relieve the cavalry there, which could moved more rapidly and effectively than infantry.

I received a dispatch from department headquarters to the effect that the enemy had crossed the Pacific Railroad, going north. I have ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Morton to move his command immediately to Lebanon, and Major Eno to return to this place with all his command, when the troops can be so distributed as to intercept them should the enemy break up into small squads, and yet be concentrated at short notice should they attempt to return in force.

All the force on my base line of operations, from Lebanon to Osceola, will amount to, in round numbers, 2,500 men and three pieces of artillery, not including Colonel Harrison's command, which I have ordered to Fayetteville. I did not, in my hurried movements, forget the importance of a proper defense of Springfield. After drawing away so many of the troops at that point, I have everywhere endeavored to arouse the loyal citizens to organize and assist in expelling or capturing the enemy.

General, I have done all in my power commensurate with the means at my disposal to meet the enemy.

Hoping what I have done may meet your generous approval, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. EDWARDS,

Colonel, Commanding.

General JOHN McNEIL,

Commanding District of Southwestern Missouri.

Numbers 12. Reports of Major Austin A. King, jr., Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, of skirmishers near and at Humansville, Mo.

HUMANSVILLE, MO.,

October 17, 1863-5 a. m.

General: I chased the rebels all day yesterday; overtook their rear 15 miles from Quincy a half hour before sunset; had a running fight to this place, where we captured their artillery (6 or 9 pounder brass) and 40 rounds of ammunition. I then pursued to near Stockton, by which time it was too dark to do anything; besides, my cavalry having given completely out. I left Warsaw at 10 o'clock. I send artillery and company back to Warsaw, as per order; also one company to Lebanon. I will report to you wherever I can find you with the remaining command immediately.

My horses are much worn.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUSTIN A. KING, JR.,

Major, Commanding.

Brigadier General JOHN McNEIL,

Commanding District in the Field.

