
STOCKTON, MO., October 17, 1863.

GENERAL: I have just arrived. Learn from scouts that Shelby's command crossed the Osage at Menifee's Mill yesterday at 3 o'clock, and camped in the northwest corner of this county last night. General Ewing is three hours behind him. Shelby is reported 1,500 strong; no artillery. I sent you dispatch this morning, supposing you near Richey's Mills. I will join you as soon as possible. My cavalry has almost given out. I pursued the rebels yesterday; attacked their rear near Humansville; captured their artillery and 40 rounds of ammunition. Killed 3; lost no men. I followed with my cavalry 12 miles, when it became too dark to follow the road with success. I broke their rear guard line three times without any loss.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUSTIN. A. KING, JR.,

Major, Commanding.

Brigadier General JOHN McNEIL,

Commanding District in the Field.

Numbers 13. Report of Captain Charles B. McAfee, Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, of action at Neosho, Mo.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., October 10, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 197, from Headquarters Southwestern District of Missouri, dated October 2, 1863, I moved from Newtonia at 8 a. m., October 4; arrived at Neosho at 11 o'clock, on my way to join Major [A. A.] King in the field (supposed to be in the neighborhood of Pineville). Not learning anything of the whereabouts of Major King, I immediately started in a southwest direction, on the Buffalo road, in search of him, and when I had marched about 2 miles from Neosho, I met Coffee's band of guerrillas, about 300 strong. They formed line, but immediately fell back, and started through the woods in direction of Neosho. I sent messengers back by the road to apprise the guard (left with stores and baggage at that place) of their approach, and moved my column by small circuit back to Neosho, and entered the town on one side at the same time that the rebels entered it on the other. We opened a brisk fire upon them, driving them back. They recovered in a few moments, and again moved upon the town, and at the same time I discovered three or four different bodies of rebel cavalry approaching from different directions. I saw that it was impossible to cut our way through their lines. We therefore immediately occupied the brick court-house, and again drove them out of the town. We remained in the court-house about one and a half hours, and fought them, and until they had shot four cannon balls through it. At this time a white flag appeared, the object of which was to demand an immediate and unconditional surrender, which I refused, but offered to surrender provided we were treated as prisoners of war, the men to retain their clothing, money, &amp;c., the Enrolled Missouri Militia to receive the same treatment, and the Union citizens to be unmolested, to which General Shelby at first objected, refusing to treat Enrolled Missouri Militia as prisoners of war. I replied that we would all share the same fate, and would not surrender unless all would be treated as prisoners of war. General Shelby replied that he would accept my conditions, provided I would agree to have my

