
whole command paroled on the ground. I positively refused to agree to the paroling of my command in this way. General Shelby refused to parley any further, and said he would shell he town in four minutes if we did not agree to the above conditions. I therefore surrendered my command, consisting of 1234 men and 5 officers of Third Battalion Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, and 34 men and 1 officer of Captain Stall's detachment of Sixth Missouri state Militia Cavalry, a few Enrolled Missouri Militia and citizens, making in all about 180 men; were paroled by companies, the officers in writing. The men's names were taken by Shelby, and the were sworn not to take up arms against the Confederate States of America until duly exchanged. No written parole was given them.

We lost our entire train and baggage, which had been moved to Neosho on that morning. The loss on our side was 2 killed and 2 wounded, and 2 Enrolled Missouri Militia (one a lieutenant) killed by Coffee's men after they had been paroled. I believe their loss was greater. Our men fought bravely, and we could not have been taken if the enemy had had no artillery.

General Shelby was in command of the rebel forces, which I estimated at 1,500; they claimed to be 2,200 strong. They had three pieces of artillery, one of them a good gun, the other two indifferent. I understood that one of the indifferent ones got bursted or otherwise damaged at Neosho.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. B. McAFEE,

Captain Third Battalion, Sixth Mo. State Mil. Cav.

Colonel J. EDWARDS,

Commanding Southwestern District of Missouri, Springfield.

Numbers 14. Reports of Captain Henry V. Stall, Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, of action at Neosho, Mo.

NEWTONIA, MO., October 4, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, in pursuance of your orders, I moved my command from Neosho to this place (court having adjourned at that place). About 1 mile from Neosho, the train of Captain McAfee was attacked and mostly captured. My train had just passed that of Captain McAfee, but I succeeded in bringing it out, with the loss of 2 men wounded. I had left 30 of my men at Neosho, to receive Captain McAfee's baggage, &amp;c., when it should arrive there. This force of the rebels if evidently strong. They have some artillery, which I heard some distance off, engaging, as I supposed, Captain McAfee's command.

From the best information I can obtain, I am confident that the forces of Coffee or Shelby are in this vicinity. I shall send my train to Mount Vernon to-night, and take what force I can raise here and go and reconnoiter in the direction of Neosho.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY V. STALL,

Captain, Commanding Detachment.

Brigadier-General McNEIL,

Commanding Southwestern District of Missouri.

42 R R-VOL XXII, PT I

