
NEWTONIA, MO., October 4, 1863-10.30 p. m.

GENERAL: I have just received reliable information that Captain McAfee, commanding detachment of three companies (I, K, and M) of the Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, was captured at Neosho this afternoon by a rebel force, under command of Coffee, and about 1,200 or 1,500 strong, with three pieces of artillery. The rebels are reported to have burned Neosho, and then moved in the direction of Pineville.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY V. STALL,

Captain, Commanding.

Brigadier General JOHN McNEIL,

Commanding Southwestern District of Missouri.

Numbers 15. Report of Major Edward B. Eno, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, of action at Neosho, Mo.

NEWTONIA, October 5, 1863-11 a. m.

COLONEL: Reached here with force from Cassville at 4 a. m. Shelby attacked Captain McAfee at Neosho yesterday, capturing him and his whole force, 165 men, with a train of 6 wagons loaded with subsistence. Captain McAfee fought them as long as he could, but they knocked the court-house down with their artillery (three pieces.) Their force is 1,200 or 1,500 strong. They left Neosho for Carthage about 4 o'clock last evening. About 200 prisoners paroled have arrived. I suggest that your order the artillery, with the balance of the cavalry, to join us here, when we could push on and be further re-enforced at Greenfield. Shelby will march night and day to reach Jackson County. If we start after him, subsistence must be sent after us. We have five days' rations. Will arrive to-day.

E. B. ENO,

Major [Eighth] Missouri State Militia [Cavalry].

Colonel J. EDWARDS, Springfield.

Numbers 16. Reports of Colonel John D. Allen, Seventh Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia, of action at Neosho, Mo.

NEWTONIA, October 5, 1863.

COLONEL: General Shelby, with a force estimated at from 1,000 to 1,500, stated by them at 2,200 attacked Captain McAfee at Neosho yesterday at 1.30 p. m. Enemy have three pieces of artillery. Captain [C. B.] McAfee, after a short fight, surrendered, having 7 or 8 killed and wounded. His force was 185 men. Prisoners were paroled yesterday evening, and have arrived. The enemy left Neosho yesterday evening about 4 o'clock, in direction of Carthage. We reached here about 4 a. m. Major [A. A.] King has just arrived. Our total force is 550. Coffee is with the enemy, and probably will visit Greenfield.

