
at this station until about 12 o'clock, when we were ordered to withdraw to the foot of the mountain.

Soon after, the advance of the enemy appeared in sigh, on the below of the mountain, and the company was again ordered forward. Having deployed in line of skirmishers, we advanced and drove the enemy beyond the old advance position, when, the enemy appearing in force, we retired to the point we had occupied in the morning, and formed, being protected by a ledge of rocks, where we repulsed the advancing enemy, who retreated out of range of our guns and formed with a large force.

Captain [S. J.] Crawford, of the Second Kansas Cavalry, at this time came up with a detachment if his regiment, and assumed command. A second charge was now made by the enemy, but was repulsed with loss.

The enemy being again re-enforce, a third charge was made, with the determination to carry the position, but they were driven back with heavy loss.

The superior force of the enemy enabled them to outflank our small advance, which they were doing, when Captain Crawford ordered the advance to retire to the foot of the mountain. Company H was ordered to guard a road coming down the mountain, where it remained during the night of the 6th. On the morning of the 7th, it was ordered to join the regiment en route for the battle-field of Prairie Grove.

This was the first time that Company H was under heavy fire, and I feel it my duty, as well as a pleasure, to say that every man stood up to the work faithfully, and did duty as became an American citizen fighting the enemies of his country.

JOEL HUNTOON,

Captain Company H, Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Infantry.

DECEMBER 4-12, 1862.- Operations in the Cherokee Country, Indian Territory.

Report of Colonel Stand Watie, First Cherokee Regiment.

SCULLYVILLE, C. N., December 19, 1862.

GENERAL: On Wednesday morning, December 3, I received an order from you inclosing instructions from Major-General Hindman to proceed to the neighborhood of Evansville, and, if possible, open a communication with the pickets of the Confederate army on the Line road. I therefore notified you, by express, that I would be at Peyton's Spring,4 or 5 miles from Evansville, on Friday evening (5th), to meet with the detachment from Fort Coffee.

Thursday evening (4th), I took a line of march with about 400 men for the place designated; halted at Dwight Mission until daylight.

In the morning sent out scouts on each side of the road; met with Pin Indians in small parties at various places on that day, killing several. Arrived at Peyton's Spring that evening after dark. The detachment from Fort Coffee, under Lieutenant-Colonel [S. N.] Folsom, had not yet arrived.

Early next morning (Saturday, the 6th) sent a scout to Evansville, in order to communicate with the pickets of our army; found none, but on entering the town discovered a Federal scout going out; learned from

