
ceeded in drawing off his men (one company) before they had completed investing it, and did not lose any of his men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. SHEPPARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Colonel J. EDWARDS,

Commanding District of Southwestern Missouri.

OCTOBER 6, 1863-2 p. m.

This dispatch has just been brought in from Greenfield.

A. W. BISHOP,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c., Commanding Post.

[Indorsement.]

Captain LAURANT:

Order Colonel Campbell, at Cassville, to send back immediately Lieutenant Espey, with his battery, and Lieutenants [C.] Finley and Phelps, to Springfield. Telegraph him for Colonel Campbell not to send the ammunition over to Colonel Harrison, at Newtonia; for Colonel Campbell to hold Cassville with his infantry and Lieutenant George's command. Order them to hurry up. Telegraph General Schofield the enemy were in Greenfield this morning, 2,000 strong, going northeast. I am after them.

JNO. EDWARDS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Numbers 18. Reports of Colonel M. La Rue Harrison, First Arkansas Cavalry (Union), of operations October 15-21.
HEADQUARTERS,Cross Timbers, via Cassville, October 15, 1863.

GENERAL: Brooks and Brown attacked our train this morning at sunrise with a large force, claimed by rebels to be 1,000 men, but estimated by citizens to be 600. They were gallantly repulsed by Major [E.] Fitch, commanding escort. He was supported by Captain [J.] Ray, with his company of Eighteenth Iowa Infantry, and Lieutenant [William] Mayes, with one section of Stark's battery, all of whom behaved nobly. I had already started for Fayetteville, with two battalions of the First Arkansas Cavalry, Captain [D. D.] Stark, and one section of his battery, and the First Arkansas Howitzers. After having marched 7 miles, on hearing the firing, I returned rapidly, but arrived about fifteen minutes after the enemy had retreated. Our loss, 1 sergeant and 1 private killed, 1 private mortally wounded, and 1 taken prisoner. Enemy's loss not known. I shall retain my whole command as escort to the train, and move as rapidly as possible to Fayetteville.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Arkansas Volunteers.

Brigadier-General McNEIL, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fayetteville, Ark., October 21, 1863-6 p. m.

GENERAL: After the attack by Brooks and Brown, on the 15th instant, at Cross Timbers (in which the enemy lost 15 killed and quite a

