
number wounded), I remained with the whole command, escorting the train to this place, where it arrived on the 18th instant. Learning on that day that Brooks and Brown had passed Elm Springs early in the morning, with about 1,000 men, and that they would probably camp at Brown's Mill, 5 miles northwest of Elm Spring, I immediately ordered out 300 dismounted men, 280 mounted men, and four pieces of artillery, and started in pursuit at 1 a. m. of the 19th, expecting to strike the enemy at daybreak. I reached Brown's Mill (17 miles) at sunrise, and found that the enemy had moved toward Maysville by a neighborhood road at noon of the day previous. So many men being dismounted, and both men and horses being completely exhausted by the eleven days' Missouri expedition, I was forced to abandon the pursuit until I should be able to renew it with mounted men on fresh horses. I learn since that the enemy left the Maysville road on our return and went toward Huntsville, by way of Black's Mill. They are well mounted. I have tried in vain to force them to an engagement. They will not fight, and never intend to.

My horses must have a little rest before doing much duty. I have nearly 100 men unfit for duty from the effects of the 34-miles march of Sunday last.

I hardly know which way you wish my men to move to-morrow. You will pleased send a messenger to them at Black's Mill to-morrow noon with orders. You will probably find Brooks (if he does not run) in camp, 4 miles east of Huntsville.

I remain, general, your obedient servant,

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Arkansas Volunteers.

Brigadier-General McNEIL.

Numbers 19. Report of Captain DeWitt C. Hopkins, First Arkansas Cavalry (Union), of skirmish on Dear Creek.

NORTH PRAIRIE, October 16, 1863.

SIR: On my arriving within one-half mile of Duroc, I met the enemy, about 150 or 200. It was on Deer Creek. I formed my men and sent out skirmishers. They moved around and had me in a half circle. They charged us with a yell; we repulsed them the first time, then they charged again. I lost 5 of my men, and it was impossible to hold out longer. I took the woods, and brought my men off in good order, disputing every inch of the ground. I killed a number of them. I came to this place, 12 miles from that place, and will watch the road and find out as much as possible. I have men out on the scout to try and learn their number. There are a number of land fires on the other side of the river; think they are the enemy's.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

D. C. HOPKINS,

Commanding Scout.

General McNEIL.

