
Pineville, which has reported that Shelby's force, which we pursued, passed west of Pineville Sunday night, going south.

I this morning received a letter from the commanding officer at Cassville, saying General McNeil will be at Elkhorn to-night, and wants me to march there. I go at once; infantry afoot, horses going back to Fort Scott, and escorting trains for rations and clothing. My force, 350 infantry, 500 to 600 cavalry, two small rifled steel guns, and two mountain howitzers.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General SCHOFIELD.

Numbers 21. Reports of Major Richard H. Brown, Twelfth Missouri Cavalry, District of Saint Louis, of operations October 9-19.

LA MINE BRIDGE, October 15, 1863-7 p. m.

Brigadier-General TOTTEN:

Major [T. W.] Houts, commanding detachment of Seventh Regiment Missouri State Militia, has just returned from pursuing the rebels, and reports that 500 of them camped 16 miles south of this place and near Florence; also that they are making for the Osage, between Cole Camp and Versailles. They have one piece of artillery. General Brown was at Sedalia this morning. I started 10 wagon loads of rations to him. The force of rebels that crossed west of this place will probably form a junction near the Osage. Lieutenant-Colonel ole will probably give you the particulars of the fight at Marshall. I received your dispatch at 4 p. m. to-day. Several scouts that I sent to Generals Brown and Ewing were captured yesterday. I have got some horses from the rebels, and shall mount scouts for my use.

R. H. BROWN,

Major, Commanding.

N. B.-This dispatch is dated 13th. Operator at Tipton says it is so dated in his copy, but that it should have been 15th. Don't know how he knows.

HANFORD,

Telegraph Operator.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,October 25, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 93, dated Headquarters Saint Louis District, October 9, 1863, I gathered together on that date all the effective men at Benton Barracks, Soldier's Home, and Schofield Barracks, Numbers 1, amounting, in all, to 250 men. For 200 of these I drew arms and equipments from Major [F. D.] Callender, commanding Saint Louis Arsenal, and divided the detachments into four companies, placing them, respectively, under the charge of the following-names commissioned officers, properly belonging to the First Regiment Nebraska Volunteer Infantry: Company A, Captain [S. M.] Curran; Company B, Lieutenant Morgan A. Hance; Company C, Lieutenant Theodore Lubbes, and Company D, Lieutenant Lewis Lowry. To each of

