
in the suppression of these irregularities, I felt it my duty to issue an order calling the attention of the entire command to the fact that a strict compliance with revised Army Regulations and existing orders would be required of both commissioned officers and enlisted men, and that no enlisted man should be allowed to take his gun outside of the camp line unless on duty. By this means, and the assistance of some of the commissioned officers, I stopped to a great extent the propensity to rob the people of their property, and had my camp in good order during my stay at La Mine Bridge.

On the 19th instant, I was ordered by Brigadier-General Brown to prepare to move to Saint Louis with my entire command, and at 11 o'clock the next day, on the arrival of two companies of the Ninth Regiment Minnesota Volunteers, I left La Mine Bridge with my command, taking 13 captured horses, to turn over to the post quartermaster at Jefferson City.

On the 20th, I had a camp and picket guard detailed as usual, and instructed Morgan A. Hance, first lieutenant of Company G, First Regiment Nebraska Volunteer Infantry, who was detailed as officer of the day, to have 10 good men picket from the number detailed for guard, and whenever the railroad train stopped betwixt La Mine Bridge and Saint Louis to have these guards placed so as to stop the men from straggling from the cars and getting whisky or stealing people's property. The latter part of this order, I am sorry to say, he did not obey, and when the train stopped near Pacific City, between 100 and 200 men entered the orchard of a citizen and stole a large quantity of fruit, and when I ordered Lieutenant Hance to have his guard keep the men on the cars, he simply went out of the passenger car and returned in a minute stating that he could not find the guard; this whilst the officer of the guard was standing by his side. Indeed, the conduct of this officer has been such during the entire trip that I would not recommend him to take charge of a corporal's squad, and I felt it to be my duty to place him under arrest for neglect of duty, reporting his case to you, and awaiting further instructions as to whether I should prefer charges against him or not.

I would also respectfully state that, on my arrival at Saint Louis, my entire command was disposed of in accordance with your instructions. I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. BROWN,

Major Twelfth Regiment Missouri Volunteer Cavalry.

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Regiment Nebraska Volunteer Infantry, Commanding District of Saint Louis, Saint Louis, Mo.

Numbers 22. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Quinn Morton, Twenty-third Missouri Infantry, District of Rolla, of operations October 7-22.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Rolla, Mo., October 23, 1863.

GENERAL: In obedience to your order of October 7, 1863, I assumed command of three companies of Twenty-third Missouri Volunteers, and marched from this place at 5 p. m. for Lebanon. I was joined by three companies of Second Wisconsin Cavalry Volunteers before reaching

