
Waynesville. We reached Lebanon on the 8th, at 4 p. m.; reported to Colonel Gravely. Left Lebanon at 2 p. m. on the 9th, in command of 600 men, consisting of four companies of Eighth Missouri State Militia, two companies Fifth Missouri State Militia, under Major [W.] Fisher;' three companies of Second Wisconsin Cavalry Volunteers, and three companies of Twenty-third Missouri Volunteer Infantry. Marched slowly, in obedience to Major-General Schofield's order, for two days, awaiting three companies of Eleventh Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, under command of Captain Kauffman. Arrived on the Little Niangua on the 10th; communicated with Colonel Edwards, commanding Southwest District; found that the enemy had left Warsaw. Colonel Edwards was falling back south, although the enemy were going north, scouts informed, and General Schofield telegraphed me that the enemy would probably cross the river at Linn Creek. I marched for that place on the 11th, arriving in the evening; received order, dated 12th, from Colonel Edwards, t o fall back to Lebanon, which order I declined to obey. On the 12th, was joined by Captain Kauffman and three companies of Eleventh Missouri Volunteers. I sent four companies of cavalry to Tuscumbia, to hold the fords from Brockman's to 15 miles below Tuscumbia. One company of Fifth Missouri State Militia held the fords from Brockman's to Linn Creek. One company of Fifth Missouri State Militia held Cabell's Ford, 10 miles above Linn Creek. On the 15th, I received information from General Totten that Colonel Edwards was holding the fords from Warsaw down the river with 1,500 men. On the 16th, received order from General Totten to hold fords as far west as Warsaw. Sent Major Fisher at daylight on the 17th with five companies of cavalry, in obedience to order. He reached Rainy Creek Ford that evening, but the enemy had crossed on the night of the 15th, about 200 strong, Colonel Edwards having drawn his forces off. On the evening of the 18th, a message from Colonel Gravely informed me that the enemy were threatening Lebanon. I ordered all the available force to march immediately. They left at 12 p. m.; reached Lebanon at 9 o'clock on the 19th. On the evening of the 19th, I arrived at that place with four companies of cavalry and one of infantry. On arriving, I received orders from Major-General Schofield to march my infantry to this place; reached there on 22nd, noon.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

QUIN MORTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

Brigadier General THOMAS A. DAVIES,

Commanding District of Rolla.

Numbers 23. Report of Brigadier General Colly B. Holland, Enrolled Missouri Militia.
HEADQUARTERS,Mount Vernon, October 18, 1863.

COLONEL: I arrived this morning at 3 o'clock, traveling all night and night before. Men and horses pretty well worn out. Got in enemy's advance before they got to Greenfield. They passed around Greenfield, traveling through the woods part of the time. By my orders, Captains Holden and Maiss followed, with instructions to give me information from time to time of their whereabouts, and also Major Hart

