
to advance on them, it being impossible to follow them in main force, on account of our artillery and wagons. Major Hart engaged them 8 miles east of here, and sent for re-enforcements. I sent immediately Colonel Jones with his available men to Marionville, to intercept them, having previously sent Captain Roberts with fresh horses and men and part of Colonel Boyd's men, in charge of Lieutenant Robertson, to move forward, leaving all their wagons, &amp;c. I hope to announce capture and rout of the enemy. Colonels McMahon and King, I suppose, are following another party west; have not heard from them since their success at Humansville, taking one piece of artillery. The party going out this way is from 1,200 to 1,500 men, many bareheaded. We have pursued them closely; they have had no time to plunder since we got near them at Quincy. General McNeil has moved toward Sarcoxie, ready for emergencies; is in pursuit of Shelby and Coffee, they having about 600 men.

Your obedient servant,

C. B. HOLLAND,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel A. W. BISHOP,

Commanding at Springfield, Mo.

Numbers 24. Reports of Colonel Joseph O. Shelby, Fifth Missouri Cavalry (Confederate), commanding expedition, of operations September 22-November 3.

CAMP PRICE,

Two miles west of Washington, Hempstead Co., Ark., November 4, 1863.

GENERAL: I have arrived safely with my entire command, increased about 600. I have fought five battles; had daily skirmishes; traveled 1,500 miles; captured and paroled 500 prisoners; destroyed 6 railroad bridges; torn up 30 miles of track; entered Boonville; marched to Marshall; met Generals Brown and Ewing there with 8,000 men; fought them six hours; lost 125 men; expended all my ammunition, and retreated in splendid order. The trail of the rifled gun broke short off, and I was forced to leave it. The wagons I carried off 20 miles and sunk in the river at Waverly. The brass gun I brought to Humansville, where General [John] McNeil pressed my rear so closely that I was forced to leave it after the horses were completely exhausted. My men and horses are worn out, and must rest here for a week or two. I would be pleased if you would send me all my wagons and the rest of my men now with you, so I can organize and get them in condition again. I will communicate more fully in the course of five or six days.

Very respectfully,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Colonel, Commanding Expedition.

General J. S. MARMADUKE,

Commanding Cavalry Forces.
HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S BRIGADE,Camp Price, November 16, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make to you the following detailed report of my operations in Arkansas and Missouri:

On September 21, I received General Price's final orders, and on the

