
the Little Osage, in Arkansas, by Hunter, Hooper, and Shanks, with their entire commands in fine spirit. This party, after having been separated from me, also started southward, but pursued only a mile by the enemy. They had with them the brass 6-pounder, with some 50 rounds of cartridges in the limber. They traveled rapidly; crossed the railroad 4 miles from Tipton, which entire road was now guarded by Federal infantry; charged a herd of 400 mules and captured them within 8 miles of Syracuse; took about 50 prisoners on the trip; destroyed 20 wagons; tore up the newly laid track; again damage the repaired road considerably; fought and defeated the Federals at Florence, Humansville, and Greenfield; crossed the Osage at Duroc; charged and destroyed a detachment of the First Arkansas Cavalry 2 miles south of the river; fought McNeil's advance of 2,000 men at Humansville, and held him in check until the rear of the column passed safely through. It was here the brass 6-pounder was abandoned. Owing to the almost unparalleled rapidity of the retreat, rendered necessary by the vast number of Federals after us and before us, and all around us, it was impossible to keep the gun up, and more than impossible to follow with it the devious and zigzag march of the cavalry; therefore, when the eight large horses attached to it fell in their traces at Humansville, and General McNeil was coming at us fast and furious, the gun was left, after being spiked, the harness destroyed, and the wheels and axles chopped into kindling wood. After uniting my command and seeing the forlorn and jaded condition of the horses, I determined to march by easy stages to the Arkansas River. For three days I was left unmolested by the beaten and baffled enemy; but Colonel [William F.] Cloud, then at Fayetteville, hearing of my successful escape from Missouri, came hard after me with 3,000 men. A scout I sent from my camp to Huntsville, distant 14 miles, brought me the first intelligence of their advance. I retired slowly before them, and they as slowly followed, never urgent in their pressure until we arrived at the foot of the buffalo Mountains, where they made a weak charge, easily repulsed. They followed us to Clarksville, where I crossed the Arkansas River.

On the 26th, and from thence to Washington, which I ordered on November 3, I took plenty of time in marching, encountering a very severe rain and snow storm.

In speaking of the conduct and services of the various officers under my command, it would seem invidious to make any distinction; but the course of some, marked by every attribute of daring and desperate courage; noble, chivalrous gallantry; patience under privations; cheerfulness and resignation amid reversed and dangers, leaves no alterative but to mention them by name. Major Shanks deserves special mention for the heroic hardihood with which he held his position at Marshall against fearful odds and his continual services upon the long retreat. Colonels Hunter, Coffee, Hooper, and Captain [George P.] Gordon, commanding his brother's regiment, handled their commands with great skill, and were ever where the fire was hottest and heaviest-a host in themselves. Captain [W: W.] Thorps, of the battalion; Captain [W. R.] Edwards, of Gordon's regiment; Captains [M. M.] Langhorne and [J. W.] Franklin, of Shanks' regiment; Adjutant [D. A.] Williams, Captain [T. H.] Lea, Lieutenant [J. M.] Wills, of Hooper's regiment, and Lieutenants [W. H.] Ferrell and [W. M.] Moorman, of Gordon's regiment, deserve the thanks of the entire command for their conspicuous bravery. Captain [Joseph] Kelly and Lieutenant Harris, of the battery, were always ready and willing, and handled their pieces with remarkable effect. To the men-

