
SEPTEMBER 27-28, 1863.-Scout in Bates County, Mo.

Report of Colonel Edward Lynde, Ninth Kansas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS ON THE BORDER,Trading Post, Kans., September 28, 1863-11 p. m.

SIR: A dispatch is just in from Captain [G. F.] Earl, in command of scouts that left yesterday to scour Bates County, Missouri. The captain says he met a small party at the crossing of Marais des Cygnes, south of Butler; killed 4 of them, and had 2 men wounded; the colonel escaped. He afterward found the trail of about 40, and followed it on to the Miami, and there learned, by some women living on that stream, that Marchbanks, with 40 men, passed up on the Grand River yesterday. The captain also writes that quite a number of families still inhabit the houses in the timber, and that the town of Butler is entirely burned. I shall take measures to have all the families removed at once. I think by the last of the week I can give you a definite account of all this part of your district.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. LYNDE,

Colonel Ninth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, DISTRICT OF THE BORDER.

SEPTEMBER 29-OCTOBER 26, 1863.-Expeditions from Pilot Knob, Mo., to Oregon County, Mo., and Pocahontas, Ark.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk, U. S. Army, commanding District of Southeastern Missouri.

Numbers 2.-Major James Wilson, Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry, commanding expedition to Oregon County.

Numbers 3.-Captain William T. Leeper, Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry, commanding expedition to Pocahontas.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk, U. S. Army, commanding District of Southeastern Missouri.

PILOT KNOB, MO., October 13, 1863.

GENERAL: I have dispatches from Captain Leeper, commanding one of the border expeditions, stating that he had been as far south as Smithville, Ark. He had met and fought the enemy, under Reves and Crandall, near Pitman's Ferry. Thirteen of the rebels were killed and a large number of prisoners captured. Among the latter are 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 major, and 2 captains. The prisoners are now at Pilot Knob. Casualties on our part were light; none were killed, a few men were wounded, and a few are missing. Dr. Pollok, of the Third Colorado Infantry, is reported wounded and a prisoner. Additional force, with supplies, will move southward to-morrow.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis.

