
In obedience to orders, the respective detachments were moved promptly at the designated hour. The results of the expeditions are fully set forth in the following reports of the commanding officers of the detachments, to which attention is respectfully directed.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

Major OLIVER D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri.

Numbers 2. Report of Major James Wilson, Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry, commanding expedition to Oregon County.
HDQRS. THIRD MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAVALRY,Pilot Knob, Mo., October 28, 1863.

COLONEL: In compliance with your instructions of the 28th of September, I placed my command in order, and moved out on the following morning with 200 men of the Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry; encamped at night near Centreville, Mo.

On the 30th ultimo, I detached Captain [G. L.] Herring, with 70 men, directing him to move via Eminence, and to rejoin me at Alton as soon as practicable. Commanding the main force myself, we followed the Van Buren road, encamping at night near what is known as Henpeck Creek.

October 1, I ordered another detachment of 60 men, under command of Captain [H. B.] Milks, to take a lower route, cross Eleven Point River at Boyce's Mill, and to proceed to Alton. The main force on this date crossed Current River; encamped at the head of Pike Creek, and on the morning following in the direction of Alton. Upon arriving at Falling Springs, I detached Captain [J. W.] McFaden, with 30 men, with orders to go by way of Boyce's Ford and meet us at Alton, and with the remainder of the force I crossed the river, about 8 miles east, at a place known as Simpkins' Mill, and also arrived at Alton that p. m.

Captain McFaden's command encountered a party of guerrillas, under one Lieutenant Duckworth, whom they routed, as well as capturing several horses, saddles, &amp;c. My immediate command captured 4 guerrillas, with their horses, arms, and equipments.

From Alton, on the 3rd of October, I sent out three scouts, respectively, to Boyce's Mill, Simpkins' Mill, and Boyce's Ford, with instructions to scour the country for guerrillas. Captain [C. W.] Rush, commanding one of these detachments, fell in with the command of Duckworth, whom he succeeded in routing again, besides capturing several horses, camp equipage, &c.

All of the several detachments having reported to me at Alton, on the 5th of October I started for Arkansas with 140 men (leaving Captain McFaden with 60 men), proceeding in a southeasterly direction to Jaynes' Creek, Arkansas; thence west to Spring River; thence southeast to Strawberry River and to Evening Shade, on Piney Creek. At Evening Shade we captured 35 prisoners, including 1 captain and 3 lieutenants, as well as all their horses, arms, and equipments.

On the morning of October 7, we moved east, on the Smithville road, 15 miles; thence north, crossing Strawberry River, near its mouth, to

