
Mill Creek; thence northeast to Jaynes' Creek, returning to Alton on the 9th instant. Captain McFaden, with an escort, was then sent with what prisoners we had taken, to report to you at Pilot Knob. I remained at Alton, sending scouts into the surrounding country frequently, and wherever I could hear of any guerrillas, until the 18th instant, when, my provisions being nearly exhausted, we started to return to Pilot Knob, but met Captain McFaden on the 20th, with re-enforcements, provisions, &amp;c., for us.

In pursuance of your further orders, we returned to Alton, and remained there until the 21st instant, when, with 120 men (sending the remainder of my force, under command of Captain [G. L.] Herring, to Pilot Knob, in charge of prisoners, and to escort a train of refugees from Oregon County), I moved west to Thomasville, scouring the country thoroughly en route.

Learning that Alton had been burned since our departure, we hoped to intercept the rascals by traversing the northeastern portion of Oregon County, but in this we were unsuccessful. We then returned, via Delaware Creek and Jacks' Fork, arriving at Pilot Knob October 26, after an absence of twenty-eighth days.

As the result of our expedition, we have killed 1 captain, 4 men, and wounded 2 others. Captured 1 captain, 3 lieutenants, and 76 men, as well as about 70 horses, a lot of arms of various kinds, horse equipments, &c. This lost does not include men who had been previously in the rebel army, and who voluntarily surrendered to me. I ordered all such to report to the nearest provost-marshal, and to comply with the law concerning their cases. We lost 1 man captured and paroled (Joseph Shram, Company G, Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry), and had another wounded in the left arm (Martin D. Gray, Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry).

I have to speak in the highest terms of all the officers and men under my command, and to report that I have conformed to the requirements of Circular Numbers 1, District of Southeastern Missouri.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES WILSON,

Major, Commanding Expedition.

Colonel R. G. WOODSON,

Commanding Post of Pilot Knob, Mo.

Numbers 3. Reports of Captain William T. Leeper, Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry, commanding expedition to Pocahontas.

BRUSH CREEK,

Twenty-five Miles South of Patterson, October 11, 1863.

GENERAL: I am on my way to Patterson. I will be there on the night of the 12th. I have gone where I pleased. I could not let you know where I was. There has been a band a guerrillas on my rear. They were organized after I went down, abut 100 or 125 strong. I have them scattered, but I am so bothered with my train and other incumbrances that I must get clear of some of it.

I do not wish to go back to Pilot Knob. Let me move the balance of

