
our companies to Patterson. I want to go back in a few days. I have made a very bold dash into Arkansas, and I think I have done some good. I was bushwhacked on yesterday, and had 2 of my men wounded; none killed. We killed 2 of the rebels, and scattered them so in the thickets that we could not follow them.

My men are all in the good condition, and in good fighting order. Dr. Pollock and Sergeant Gillespie are missing. I think they are safe. I am sure they are not killed, and I do not think they are captured. I hope they are all right. I think the doctor is at Patterson before now. I will give you all the particulars when I get there.

W. T. LEEPER,

Captain, Commanding Expedition.

General FISK.

PATTERSON, MO., October 12, 1863.

COLONEL: In obedience to your orders, I left Pilot Knob September 28, 1863, with Companies D, M, and L, Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry, numbering 150 men, with instructions to go to Pocahontas, Ark., or any other point in that vicinity that seemed to demand attention. We reached Doniphan on the 30th ultimo. Company L having been sent by another road (somewhat to the right), killed 2 men en route. Also, on the 1st of October, Captain [R.] McElroy, with 30 men, was ordered forward, via "Buck Scull," where he found 6 men, who ran, and were fired upon by the party. Four of the men were killed and another wounded. Captain [W. T.] Hunter, with a detachment, went via Current River, where he captured 2 soldiers and some Government property.

The several detachments arrived at Pocahontas on the 2nd of October, and remained until the 6th instant (a squad captured 2 notorious jayhawkers in the mean time), when we moved to Smithville, Ark., and on the 7th instant opposite to Powhatan, on the east side of Black River. On the next day we followed Black River until opposite to Pocahontas, where we captured and killed one Francis Taylor a guerrilla and thief of the worst sort. We then crossed Black River, above the mouth of Current River, and followed up between the two steamers until, on the morning of the 10th instant, we discovered indications of a rebel force, which we encountered at about 9 a. m. They were about 100 strong, remaining in ambush, so that our first indication of their presence was a volley forward to receive the enemy, and, after waiting some time to ascertain his intentions, followed him into the swamp and brush, but were unsuccessful in finding any of them. We had 1 soldier wounded; also a citizen who was with us. Dr. Pollok, surgeon Third Colorado Infantry (medical officer of the expedition), is missing; also a sergeant, [J.] Gillespie, of Company L, but I think both were captured and not killed. At the time of the attack we killed 2 men. We proceeded to Doniphan; thence to Patterson, Mo. (an outpost), where we arrived on the 12th instant. Our captures consisted of 15 prisoners (Confederate soldiers and guerrillas) 36, guns in fair condition, about 100 other guns nearly worthless, and 20 horses and mules. On the west side of Black River the inhabitants were friendly; but upon the east side they are decidedly hostile. All civil men were treated with consideration and respect; the guerrillas fared but middling. I learned beyond a doubt that that portion of Arkansas on the north side of Arkansas River is formed into a sub-district for the purpose of carrying on a border warfare, which will be of a guerrilla character.

