
Among the killed on the rebel side were Lieutenant-Colonel Willhite and a captain, whose name I did not learn. They belonged to Jackman's band of outlaws and guerrillas, and numbered 61.

On the following morning (Tuesday) I ordered the citizens to bury the dead, which was promptly done.

I still have with me the black boy formerly belonging to Lieutenant-Colonel Wilwhite. He appears to be a smart lad.

My men fought bravely, and great credit is due them for the gallantry and courage displayed on that occasion. I feel proud of my command, and commenced them, colonel, to your order graces.

With much respect, I remain, your obedient servant,

R. M. BOX,

Captain Company H, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Lieutenant Colonel T. T. CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Second Sub-District, Tipton, Mo.

OCTOBER 6, 1863.-Action at Baxter Springs, Kans.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General James G. Blunt, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Charles W. Blair, Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry.

Numbers 3.-Major Benjamin S. Henning, Third Wisconsin Cavalry.

Numbers 4.-Lieutenant James B. Pond, Third Wisconsin Cavalry.

Numbers 5.-Colonel W. C. Quantrill, Confederate service.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General James G. Blunt, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Scott, Kans., October 19, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding, the following facts:

On the 4th instant, upon the receipt of dispatches from Fort Smith, informing me that the command there was threatened with a superior force of the enemy, I immediately left for that post, accompanied by a part of my staff, and taking with me the records, papers, and property belonging to the headquarters of the district. My escort consisted of Company I, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, and Company A, Fourteenth Kansas, about 100 men (all the available mounted men that could be spared from this post). I arrived near Baxter Springs about 12 m. of the 6th, and being in advance of the escort and wagons, I halted near the camp at the Springs, commanded by Lieutenant [James B.] Pond, of the Third Wisconsin Cavalry. This camp, being in low ground under the hill, was not visible from the point where I halted, although not more than 400 yards distant. After the escort had closed up, and while waiting a few moments for the wagons, my attention was called to a body of men in line (about 100) advancing from the timber of Spring River, which was some 500 yards on our left. When within 300 yards, they halted; and they being all dressed in Federal uniform, I supposed them at first to be Lieutenant Pond's cavalry (of which he had two companies) on drill; and my first suspicion of their being an enemy

