
position at Cane Hill till Saturday night, when the enemy, 25,000 strong, under General Hindman, attempted a flank movement on his left to prevent the arrival of General Herron's forces, which have been approaching for four days by forced marched. Sunday, about 10 a. m., the enemy attacked General Herron near Fayetteville, who, by gallant and desperate fighting, held him in check for three hours, until General Blunt's division came up and attacked him in the rear. The fight continued desperate until dark. Our troops bivouacked on the battle-field, while the enemy retreated across the Boston Mountains. The loss on both sides is heavy, but much the greater on the side of the enemy, our artillery creating terrible slaughter in their greater numbers. The enemy had great advantage in position. Among the enemy's killed were Colonel Steen, formerly brigadier-general, Missouri State Guard. Both Generals Herron and Blunt deserve special commendation for their gallantry in the battle of Fayetteville, Ark.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

DECEMBER 10, 1862.

Further details are received from Generals Blunt and Herron from the battle-ground of Prairie Grove, near Fayetteville, Ark. Our loss in killed and wounded is now estimated at 1,000;* that of the enemy at over 2,000. The rebels left many of their dead and most of their wounded for us to care for. Extensive hospitals will be improvised in Fayetteville. Prisoners returned report the enemy 28,000 strong. Their artillery was much crippled. We took four caissons, filled with ammunition, and a large number of small-arms. General Blunt moves forward to-day to Cane Hill, General Herron remaining at Prairie Grove, burying the dead and providing for the wounded. The enemy muffled their wheels and moved off in the night, continuing their retreat to Van Buren, probably crossing Arkansas River. Colonel [S.] McFarland, Nineteenth Iowa, is killed. Colonel [J. C.] Black, Thirty-seventh Illinois; Major [W. G.] Thompson, Twentieth Iowa, and a large number of subaltern officer, wounded. It was a hard-fought battle and complete victory.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 2. Reports of Brigadier General James G. Blunt, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Frontier, with congratulations from General Curtis.

ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,

In the Field, near Fayetteville, Ark., December 8, 1862.

GENERAL: This place, on yesterday, was the scene of a hard-fought and bloody field, resulting in a complete victory to the Army of the Frontier. The rebel forces, under Generals Hindman, Marmaduke, Parsons, and Frost, numbered 25,000. My whole force in the field did

---------------

* See pp. 84-86.

---------------

