
shame and humiliation, the whole of it in disgraceful flight over the prairie. There was nothing left for him then but to follow, and attempt to rally them. He accordingly turned with his staff officers, all except Major Henning, to endeavor to overtake the fugitives. By this time the enemy were upon and all around them, and their escape with life seemed almost a miracle. At this time, too, it seems to have struck Major Henning that the enemy approached from an angle which might miss Lieutenant Pond's camp, and that, consequently, he might be safe. With these thoughts, he determined to strike of the camp, and endeavor to bring Pond's force to the assistance of the general. Accordingly he charged straight forward at full speed, passing through a shower of bullets, and through the enemy's line. Deflecting a little to the right, he was over the brow of the hill before the enemy could recover from his astonishment at the daring feat. About half-way from the brow of the hill to the camp, he saw a party of five guerrillas, who had taken 3 of Lieutenant Pond's men prisoners, and were hurrying them off. As they were directly in his way, and a much larger force behind him, he was cool enough to reflect that temerity was here discretion, and instantaneously charged them. He shot 2 of them, killing 1 and frightening the others so badly that they abandoned the prisoners and took to flight. He then approached the camp at full speed, swinging his cap around his head to announce that he was a friend, and, after narrowly escaping being host by our own men, at length arrived there in safety. He here learned of the attack on the camp, and that not a cavalryman was left, all being absent with a forage train. The distant sounds of the battle showed already that infantry was useless, and he again turned his horse's head in the direction of the field, and, solitary and alone, forced his way through the scattered bands of the enemy back to the side of his chief and his little band of supporters. History should not fail to record such deeds of gallantry and devotion. General Blunt, in his endeavor to rally his men as fast as he could catch up with any of the, was frequently thrown behind, and several times almost surrounded, although mounted in a superior manner. He finally rallied some 15 men, and, charging his foremost pursuers, compelled them in turn to retire. He then started Lieutenant Tappan with 4 men to me, and determined with the balance to watch the enemy. They killed our men as fast as they caught them, sparing none. The members of the band were shot as they sat in the band-wagons, and it was then set on fire. They rifled all the trunks, boxes, &amp;c., in the different wagons, and then set them on fire, with the bodies of the teamsters in them, and all others who happened to be in them when taken. The non-combatants were slaughtered as ruthlessly as the soldiers. Lieutenant Farr was killed early in the struggle. Major Curtis came very near escaping, although his full uniform and showy horse made him a conspicuous mark. He was some distance in advance of this pursuers, when, just as his horse was gathering himself to spring over a deep ravine, he was struck on the hip with a ball, which so stung or frightened him that he missed his leap, and, falling short, threw the major over his head. The horse gathered himself almost instantly, and galloped wildly over the prairie. The major was first taken prisoner and then brutally murdered. Thus died as gallant a soldier and as true a gentleman as ever drew a sword in defense of his country. It may well be said of him, as of Chevalier Bayard of old, "He was without fear and without reproach." The enemy seeing that General Blunt persistently kept them in view, keeping away if pursued, and returning as soon as the pursuit slackened, were no doubt forced to believe that a large force was approaching, of which

