
as to who we were. I now formed 250 men of all the companies and ordered a charge. Up to this time not a shot had been fired, nor until we were within 60 yards of them, when they gave us a volley too high to hurt any one, and then fled in the wildest confusion on the prairie. We soon closed up on them, making fearful havoc on every side. We continued the chase about 4 miles, when I called the men off, only leaving about 40 of them alive. On returning, we found they had left us 9 six-mule wagons, well loaded; 1 buggy (General Blunt's); 1 fine ambulance; 1 fine brass band and wagon, fully rigged.

Among the killed were General Curtis, Sinclair, and [B. S.] Henning, Captain Tufft [Tough], and 3 lieutenants of the staff, and about 80 privates of the escort. My loss here was 1 man killed (William Bledsoe) and 1 severely wounded (John Coger). In the charge on the fort, my loss was 1 men killed (Robert Ward and William Lotspeach); wounded, Lieutenant Toothman and Private Thomas Hill. Federal loss at the fort, 1 lieutenant and 15 privates killed; number wounded, not known.

We have as trophies two stand of colors, General Blunt's sword, his commission (brigadier-general and major-general), all his official papers, &amp;c.,belonging to headquarters. After taking what we wanted from the train; we destroyed it, fearing we could not carry it away in the face of so large a force. We then sent a flag of truce to the fort to see if we had any wounded there. There was none.

I did not think it prudent to attack the fort again, and, as we had wounded men already to carry, and it was so far to bring them, [I concluded] that I would leave the fort. So at 5 p. m. I took up the line of march due south on the old Texas road. We marched 15 miles, and encamped for the night. From this place to the Canadian River we caught about 150 Federal Indians and negroes in the Nation gathering ponies. We brought none of them through.

We arrived at General [D. H.] Cooper's camp on the 12th in good health and condition.

At some future day I will send you a complete report of my summer's campaign on the Missouri River.

Your obedient servant,

W. C. QUANTRILL,

Colonel, Commanding, &c.

Major-General PRICE.

P. S.-In this report I neglected to say that Colonels Holt and Roberson and Captain Tucker, who have been in Missouri on business for the army, were with me, and took an active pat in leading the men on the enemy.

OCTOBER 11-14 1863.-Demonstration against Fayetteville, Ark.

Reports of Major Thomas J. Hunt, First Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

HEADQUARTERS POST, Fayetteville, Ark., October 13, 1863.

GENERAL: Colonel Brooks with a force of from 1,000 to 1,200 men,m is now camped on White River, without 10 miles of this post. He made a formal demand for the surrender of the post on Sunday, the 11th, at 11 a. m. I have been ready to fight them ever since, and expecting they

