
would attack. I have sent scouts to their camp each day since driving in their pickets, and at one time going close to their headquarters, into which they fired with revolvers.

According to the best information I can get, Brooks is being re-enforced daily, and will attack us when his force is, in his opinion, equal to the emergency. He has now about 1,000 men, and probably knows our force and position. I cannot oppose him with half so many men, and am becoming quite concerned in regard to the safety of some of the stores to a considerable extent. I have no one to look to for re-enforcements excepting you. I send to Cincinnati, Ark., where Major Foreman was said to be with a battalion of Indians; but, from the length of time the messengers have been gone, have given up hope.

I desire re-enforcements immediately, and also ammunition, rifle and pistol, especially rifle, caliber 54. It is said a supply for our regiment has been at Cassville; we have none here. The commissary will be unable been at Cassville; we have none here. The commissary will be unable to issue full rations for the five days succeeding the 15th, from the supply on hand here. I am now making the best arrangements of the force here, in view of defending the place to the last.

T. J. HUNT,

Major First Arkansas Cavalry Volunteers, Commanding Post.

Brigadier-General McNEIL.
HEADQUARTERS POST, Fayetteville, Ark., October 16, 1863.

SIR: After receiving your dispatch from near Carthage, Mo., advising me to keep a lookout for Brooks, I made use of all the opportunities that offered to find out his whereabouts. I did not hear anything more definite than a report, brought by Major Stephenson from Fort Smith, that Brooks with his force had crossed the Arkansas River, until Saturday night, October 10, the provost-marshal reported movements among sympathizers, from which he inferred that an enemy was near. I kept patrols on all roads from which danger was expected, with instructions to be vigilant.

On Sunday, October 11, about 11.30 a. m., as flag of truce was brought to the picket on the Old Missouri road, by Captain [S.] Smithson, of Brooks' regiment, Confederate Army, and the following demand sent in, viz:
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHWESTERN ARKANSAS, Near Fayetteville, October 11, 1863.

To the Commander of the Federal Troops at Fayetteville:

SIR: Having the town of Fayetteville surrounded by a superior force, and to prevent the effusion of blood, I demand the immediate surrender of the place and the troops within the same. Thirty minutes will be given for a reply.

Very respectfully,W. H. BROOKS,

Colonel, Commanding.

A reply was sent to the effect that no surrender would be made without a fight. The pickets were re-enforced, and patrols sent out to fell the enemy on the several roads leading in his direction without delay.

Lieutenant [J. G.] Robertson and 12 men came onto a company of 30 or 40 rebels, under Tuck Smith. He immediately charged the party, who

