
were in Walker's house, on the Huntsville road, on the West Fork of White River. They retreated a half mile through a lane, and then formed in line of battle in the brush, when our party withdrew, having captured 1 horse and equipments, and, it is supposed, seriously wounding 1 man, if not more.

The most reliable reports placed the rebel force at 600 armed and 200 unarmed men.

My main force during this time was drawn up in line of battle on the public square, where they remained until after dark, when they moved to camp, and spent the night on their arms. The quartermaster's train and all wagons available were drawn around the square for breastworks, and orders given to fall back to them if an attack commenced. About 8 p. m., Vougham and 20 men of his independent company came in from near Huntsville, confirming the reports in regard to Brooks, his force, and his intention of attacking the place. All the patrols reported promptly and favorably, excepting Lieutenant [J.] Vougham, of Company I, who was sent on a very important road--the Old Missouri--and came in drunk, not reporting.

The main command was formed in line of battle on the public square at the first intimation of danger. They remained in this position until after dark, when they were moved to quarters, and ordered to lie on their arms during the night. All were wakened at 3 a. m. of the 12th, and preparations made to meet the enemy if an attack was made at daylight.

In the morning the sergeant who paroled the upper Huntsville road reported that Brooks' command had crossed the Middle Fork of White River at dusk of the evening before, and had gone on the Green McGuire's to camp. As soon as this was known, Captain [R. B.] Mack and Lieutenant [M. J.] Patton and 40 men were sent to find the camp, and ascertain if possible the number of men. They reported on return at 1 p. m. to have found the camp at McGuire's, and that there were 500 or 600 men there. Lieutenant Patton and 5 men drove the pickets in on a run, and charged a small church, where Brooks had headquarters, shooting into it with their revolvers. They were immediately followed by Brook's whole command, and were once surrounded on the road, but took a by-path and came in safe. Shortly after, a lady came in who was a prisoner, and being examined by Brooks at the time of the charge, corroborating their statements in regard to numbers and the confusion of the charge, &amp;c.

At night all the wagons that could be found, including quartermaster's train and sutler's and citizens' wagons, were down around the public square, and the men slept in line of battle on the square. The usual patrols were sent out, and men sent to find if Brooks had moved camp. They reported he had gone to Widow Hannah's, 4 miles farther up on White River. Meantime rumors came in of scouts of men passing round and through the country; one of 100 men on the Wire road to Cassville, one of 60 on the Elm Springs road, &c.; also of re-enforcements coming to Brooks. Rumors reached camp that Major Foreman and 400 loyal Indians were in camp near Cincinnati, and a dispatch was sent to find him. Dispatches were sent to Cassville explaining our condition on the 12th.

At 2 p. m. of Tuesday, the 13th, a council of officers was held to consult on the feasibility of defending the place and stores protecting all. I was decided unanimously to move all property to the public square, and erect breastworks and await re-enforcements. This order was being

