
ber of miles, but left it, as signs indicated that it was old and of no importance to us. Upon leaving this canon, about 5 miles form its mouth, the trail of two men (or man and boy) was found. From signs it was evident that these persons had either led or driven two cattle along that spot not to exceed two days before. Following this trail through an almost impassable fall of dead timber a distance of about 5 miles, a number of crows were seen flying over a sport on the side of, and near the top of, a lofty mountain, indicating a camp or carrion near; two magpies were also seen flying about near this spot. Being convinced that a camp was near, I sent a few men with the horses which were being led (several men being dismounted and in advance) to the rear and behind a hill, that they might not be seen, or their heavy tramp over dead timber might not be heard, in case the object of our search should be near at hand. Thomas Tobin (guide) and 4 soldiers were in advance. The horses were scarcely out of sight, behind the hill, when a shot was fired from Tobin's rifle, he having approached the camp and discovered a man (Mexican) sitting on a log at the spot indicated by crows, &amp;c., and fired, wounding the man. A boy was at this time seen to run from a spot near where the man was sitting. He was instantly shot. The man, Espanoza, had dodged behind a log or logs, which had been thrown up as a sort of defense. While lying in this position behind the logs he was fired at several times by advancing party (soldiers). From this sort of defense Espanoza fired two shots at soldiers, but without effect. He then raised his body enough to be visible, when he was pierced by many balls, killing him instantly. The heads of the two dead persons were severed from the bodies and taken to our first night's camp, on Sangre de Cristo Creek, about 18 miles from Fort Garland.

Started before daylight from this camp on morning of the 16th of October, 1863, for Fort Garland, arriving at the latter place at 9 a. m. same date. We delivered to you the heads of the two persons as soon as we arrived.

While furnishing you this imperfect and hurried report, I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

H. W. BALDWIN,

Lieutenant, Commanding Expedition.

Lieutenant Colonel SAMUEL F. TAPPAN.

OCTOBER 14, 1863.-Skirmish near Man's Creek, Shannon County, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Michael S. Eddleman, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS CO. M, FIFTH M. S. M. CAVALRY, Camp Glover, Mo., October 18, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from you, received on the morning of the 14th instant, I took command of the squad of men, numbering 40, detailed to escort the enrolling officer of Shannon County, Missouri. I proceeded to the southeast part of the county, on Jack's Fork of Current River; from there I went to Man's Creek, some 8 miles. The road from Jack's Fork to Man's Creek had the appearance of being traveled daily by considerable quantities of troops; in some places the roads

45 R R-VOL XXII, PT I

