
were beaten down quite smooth by horses. After crossing the creek, and gaining the tops of the hills, the roads were strewn with particles of forage, and here seemed to be regular picket posts. I had gone but a short distance when I came upon a party of between 20 and 30 men. Quite a skirmish occurred between them and about 15 of my men, being the advance of the party under my immediate command. The fighting lasted about ten minutes. We emptied four saddles, killing 2 and badly wounding 2 others. The enemy then fled in all directions. I captured four horses and saddles. None of my men were hurt, but several were shot through their clothes. The fight occurred at about 5 p. m. I halted on the ground, and fed my horses on the rebel forage that lay on the ground. I remained here until supposed to be their pickets.

Respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

M. S. EDDLEMAN,

First Lieutenant Co. M., Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Captain LEVI E. WHYBARK,

Commanding Detachment Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

OCTOBER 19, 1863.-Affair on Honey Creek, Mo.

Report of Colonel Henry Neill, Fifth Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia.
HEADQUARTERS SUB-MILITARY DISTRICT, Clinton, Mo., October 20, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to you that Lieutenant Devinney, of Company K, Fifth Provisional Regiment, was sent out Sunday night, with 9 men and three days' rations, to watch the roads in what is called the Honey Creek neighborhood, and to kill some bushwhackers and house robbers who have been for months a terror to the people in that part of the country. Yesterday, while passing quietly up the creek, he came suddenly upon 4 men, who had just finished a nice dinner, which had been furnished them. The lieutenant charged them and killed them all. They were by name Thomas Burks, Joseph Gibson, Riddle, and Hogle. They had only 3 horses, one of them having lost his horse in the raid with Shelby. They were each supplies with small amount of Southern money, and intended to leave for the South as soon as Burks could steal a good horse, so their friends said.

Major A. J. Push, stationed at Osceola, killed a captain, T. Alexander, formerly of Warsaw, and captured 3 others, a few days ago.

I am using every exertion to keep my district clear. I will protect peaceable, law-abiding citizens, but will show no quarter to armed marauders.

I have the honor sir, to be, your friend and servant,HENRY NEILL,

Colonel, Commanding Fifth Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia.

General E. B. BROWN.

