
conclusions. It will not be necessary to go to Bloomfield. Those officers lay the case before me, and express the earnest determination to obey all orders. They will come here if ordered, or do anything else.

I await orders. Answer immediately.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

General FISK.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS POST, Bloomfield, Mo., October 22, 1863.

Colonel J. B. ROGERS,Commanding Post at Cape Girardeau:

SIR: The extraordinary and flagitious conduct of the major commanding this post, as well as his management of the troops here, has of late created such a vast distrust and loss of confidence in the command, that it was and still is feared that his designs were to betray this whole command into the hands and control of rebel emissaries.

Among the majority of commissioned officers stationed there it was deemed necessary that a meeting for consultation should be held, which was accordingly done on the evening of the 21st instant, at which meeting, after mature deliberation, the following conclusions were arrived at, viz:

1st. That, under the command of Major Samuel Montgomery, the holding and continued possession of the place for any time longer was a matter fraught with serious doubts.

2nd. That, judging from the recent conduct of the major commanding, he has wholly lent himself and completely gone over to those who are well known by himself to be and have been the leading traitors in and around this place ever since the commencement of the rebellion. His son, Captain R. H. Montgomery, and Dr. T. W. Johnson are all in this connection acting with him.

3rd. To save and hold in possession this place to the Government which we all represent, it was further agreed upon that the most imperative necessity clearly indicates that the major commanding must immediately be put under arrest, and the further exercise of his power be stayed until this fearful and disgracing condition of things can be reported to the proper authorities.

4th. That to save ourselves, as officers true and faithful in our allegiance to the Government, from the apparently impending disgrace and disaster, we proceed early by to-morrow's dawn to arrest Major Samuel Montgomery, commanding this post, and so hold him until our action can be reported, and further directions had thereon. The real causes leading and conducing to the proceedings had, as stated, are embodied in the accompanying charges and specifications against the said Major Samuel Montgomery, Sixth Missouri Cavalry Volunteers.

Very respectfully,

WILLIAM H. CROCKETT,

Captain Company D, Commanding Second Battalion Sixth Missouri Cav.

JOHN H. PAYNTER,

Captain Company A, Second Battalion Sixth Missouri Cavalry.

V. B. S. REBER,

Lieutenant, Commanding Section Company K, Second Missouri Artillery.

LUTHER D. POTTER,

Second Lieutenant, Commanding Company L. Sixth Missouri Cavalry.

E. J. BURROSS,

Second Lieutenant, Commanding Company E, Sixth Missouri Cavalry.

