
CAPE GIRARDEAU, October 23, 1863.

GENERAL: I have sent Lieutenant-Colonel Hiller to take command at Bloomfield. I have ordered Major Montgomery here. I have ordered Hiller to arrest the leaders of the revolt. Would I better have them sent here or let them stay there? If you think best, they can come up with the guard that accompanies Hiller.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel.

General FISK.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, October 26, 1863.

General FISK:

The following just received form Bloomfield:

Colonel J. B. ROGERS:

Having arrested the company officers, I placed the orderly sergeants in command of the companies. The men are quiet and orderly, and I can see no appearance of mutiny among them. Every thing goes on well. I cannot hear of a single rebel squad in this country,and believe there is none. I can learn of nothing having been done that would justify the officers in the course they took. They acted very sillily.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

J. B. ROGERS.

Numbers 2. Report of Major Samuel Montgomery, Sixth Missouri Cavalry, commanding at Bloomfield.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, October 22, 1863.

GENERAL: The following just received, dated--

BLOOMFIELD, 22nd--9 a. m.

Colonel J. B. ROGERS:

I am sorry to inform you that the troops at this post are in open mutiny, headed by the officers who have had the invitations to resign, as well as others. The battery in command of Lieutenant Reber is planted in front of my headquarters, and the men of my battalion drawn up in line, supporting it; myself placed under arrest, and a guard placed over the telegraph operator and instruments. Captain Crockett is commanding the mutineers, although Lieutenant Reber is, to all appearances, the principal insurgent. I, of course, refused to recognize their arrest.

SAML. MONTGOMERY,

Major.

Send me orders.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel,

General FISK.

Bloomfield operator says the first intelligence he had of the affair was to whole battalion and battery drawn up in front of headquarters. The major went out and asked them why it was, and Captain Crockett said they had come to arrest him. The major said he would not recognize their arrest, and called them muntineers, and ordered them back to quarters. They then all came in my office to let Colonel Rogers know about it, and Crockett put a guard in my office, and drew carbines on

