
time I left the major talking with Captain Crockett, who shortly afterward ordered the officers to march their men to their quarters. The guard over the telegraph was also released, and so the matter stands.

The main instigator, Lieutenant Reber, has been drunk ever since the occurrence. The men were not aware, as a general thing, what they were ordered out for, and a great many deserted the ranks upon finding out. The whole thing has thus far resulted in a grand fizzle.

H. J. HUISKAMP,

Adjutant.

Colonel J. B. ROGERS,

Commanding at Cape Girardeau.

Numbers 4. Findings and sentences of General Court-Martial, &amp;c.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 15. Saint Louis, Mo., January 25, 1864.

I. At the general court-martial which convened at Saint Louis, Mo., pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 145, series 1863, from Headquarters Saint Louis District, and of which Colonel John F. Tyler, of the First Regiment Missouri State Militia Infantry, is president, were arraigned and tried, first:

Captain John H. Paynter, Company A, Sixth Regiment Cavalry, Missouri Volunteers, on the following charges and specifications:

CHARGE 1ST.--Mutiny.

Specification.-In this, that he, Captain John H. Paynter, Company A, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, did begin, excite, cause, and join in a mutiny in the troops in the service of the United States at the post of Bloomfield, Mo., with divers other commissioned officers of said forces, said mutiny having for this object, and resulting in, the unlawful, unwarrantable, and wanton arrest and forcible dispossession from command and authority of there commanding officer of said post, Major Montgomery, of said Sixth Regiment; in said mutiny the accused was a chief actor and a leader. This at Bloomfield, Mo., on or about the 22nd day October, 1863.

CHARGE 2ND.-Being present at a mutiny, and not using his utmost endeavors to suppress the same.

Specification.-In this; that he, Captain John H. Paynter, Company A, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, was present at a mutiny in the forces in the service of the United States at the post of Bloomfield, Mo.; did not use his utmost endeavors to suppress the same; said mutiny having for its object and its result the wanton and unlawful arrest of the commanding officer of said post, Major Montgomery, who was by the mutineers, in the presence and with the co-operation of the accused, so arrested and deposed from his command. This at Bloomfield, Mo., on or about the 22nd of October, 1863.

CHARGE 3RD.-Coming to the knowledge of an intended mutiny, and not giving information thereof, without delay, to his commanding officer.

Specification.-In this, that he, Captain John H. Paynter, Company A, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, did seasonably come to the knowledge of an intended mutiny in the forces of the United States

