
service at Bloomfield, Mo., and did not, without delay, or at all, give, or attempt to give, information there of to his commanding officer, Major Montgomery, of the same regimen, then commanding said post of Bloomfield, Mo., and against whom said mutiny was direction. This on or about the 22nd day of October, 1863, at Bloomfield, Mo.

CHARGE 4TH.-Offering violence against his superior officer in the execution of his office.

Specification.-In this, that he, Captain John H. Paynter, Company A, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, did offer violence against his superior officer, Major Montgomery, of said regiment, then being in the execution of his office as commander of the post of Bloomfield, Mo., by marching his (the accused's) company menacingly under arms against the headquarters of said Montgomery, in which he then was, and, with other officers, forcibly, wantonly, and unlawfully seizing, arresting, and placing under the said Montgomery, and confining him in his headquarters. This at Bloomfield, Mo., on or about October 22, 1863.

CHARGE 5TH.-Conduct to the prejudice of good order and military discipline.

Specification.-Conduct to the prejudice of good order and military discipline.

Specification.-In this, that he, Captain John H. Paynter, Company A, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, did, wantonly and forcibly, arrest Major Montgomery, commanding the post of Bloomfield, Mo., with the aid and co-operation of other officers, and then, in order to conceal and screen themselves, and prevent the transmission of intelligence of their conduct to higher military telegraph, and place a guard over it, with instructions to shoot the operator if he attempted to send any message. This at Bloomfield, Mo., on or about October 22, 1863.

CHARGE 6TH.-Disobedience of orders.

Specification.-In this he, Captain John H. Paynter, Company A, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteer, when lawfully ordered by his superior and commanding officer, Major Samuel Montgomery, of said regiment, then commanding the post of Bloomfield, Mo., to disperse and remove from headquarters of said post his company, then and there menacingly drawn up under arms without lawful orders, did disobey said order, and refused and neglected so to disperse and remove his said company. This at Bloomfield, Mo., on or about the 22nd day of October, 1863.

To all of which charges and specifications the accused pleaded "Not guilty."

FINDING OF THE COURT.

The court having maturely considered the evidence adduced, finds the accused as follows:

Of the specification, 1ST CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of the 1ST CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of the specification, 2nd CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of the 2nd CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of the specification, 3rd CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of the 3rd CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of the specification, 4TH CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of the 4TH CHARGE, "Guilty."

