
Of the specification, 5TH CHARGE, "Guilty, except the words 'with instructions to shoot the operator if he attempted to send any messages.'"

Of the 5TH CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of the specification, 6TH CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of the 6TH CHARGE, "Guilty."

SENTENCE.

And the court does, therefore, sentence him, the said John H. Paynter, captain Company A, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, "to be dismissed the service of the United States."

II. Finding and sentence confirmed. Captain John H. Paynter, of Company A, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, ceased to be an officer in the service of the United States from this date.

III. 2nd. Captain William H. Crockett, Company D, Sixth Regiment of Cavalry, Missouri Volunteers, on the following charges and specifications:

CHARGE 1ST.-Mutiny.

Specification.-In this, that he, Captain William H. Crockett, of Company D, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, did begin, excite, cause, and join in a mutiny in the troops in the service of the United States at the post of Bloomfield, Mo., said mutiny having for its object, and resulting in, the unlawful and wanton arrest and forcible dispossession from his command of Major Samuel Montgomery, then the commanding, officer of said post and troops. This on or about the 21st day of October, 1863.

CHARGE 2ND.-Being present at a mutiny, and not using his utmost endeavors to suppress the same.

Specification.-In this, that he, Captain William H. Crockett, Company D, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, was present at a mutiny in the troops in the service of the United States at the post of Bloomfield, Mo., and did not use utmost endeavors, or any efforts, to suppress the same, but, instead, aided and abetted the mutineers, officers in said troops, who were unlawfully and wantonly arresting and placing under guard Major Montgomery, their commanding officer. This on or about the 21st of October, 1863, at Bloomfield, Mo.

CHARGE 3RD.-Coming to the knowledge of an intended mutiny, and not giving information Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, did come and possess knowledge of an intended mutiny in the troops in the service of the United States at the post of Bloomfield, Mo., and did not, without delay, or at any time, give information thereof to his commanding officer, Major Samuel Montgomery, the command of said post, and against whom said mutiny was especially intended and director. This on or about the 21st day of October, 1863, at Bloomfield, Mo.

CHARGE 4TH.-Offering violence against his superior officer in the execution of his office.

Specification.-In this, that he, Captain William H. Crockett, Company D, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, did offer violence against his superior officer, Major Samuel Montgomery, Second Battalion

