
Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, then in the execution of his office of commander of the post of Bloomfield, Mo., by detailing, and causing to be detailed, a guard of 16 men (soldiers) unlawfully and wantonly to arrest and forcibly detain the said Major Montgomery, who was so arrested and detained by the soldiers of said guard, under the directions, instructions, and commands of said Crockett and others acting with him. This on or about the 21st day of October, 1863, at Bloomfield, Mo.

CHARGE 5TH.-Disobedience of orders.

Specification.-In this, that he, Captain William H. Crockett, Company D, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, when the officers and men of the troops in the service of the United States at the post of Bloomfield, Mo., were in a state of mutiny, and when lawfully ordered by his superior and commanding officer, Major Samuel Montgomery, the commander said post, to disperse his men and return them and himself to duty, did flatly refuse and disobey the order, and declared that he had assumed command of that post, with other language of like import. This on or about the 21st day of October, 1863, at Bloomfield, Mo.

CHARGE 6TH.-Conduct to the prejudice of good order and military discipline.

Specification.-In this, that he, Captain William H. Crockett, Company D, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, at the post of Bloomfield, Mo.,with divers other officers and soldiers, did unlawfully, wantonly, and maliciously seize, arrest, and depose Major Samuel Montgomery, the commanding officer of said post, and then, in order to prevent the transmission of intelligence of their said conduct to higher military authorities, and in order to screen himself and his coadjutors, he and they ordered and placed a guard over the United States military telegraph at said post, with instructions to shoot the operator in case he undertook to send any message by said telegraph. This at Bloomfield, Mo., on or about 21st day of October, 1863.

To all of which charges and specifications the accused pleaded "Not guilty."

FINDING OF THE COURT.

The court having maturely considered the evidence adduced, finds the accused as follows:

Of the specification, 1ST CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of the 1ST CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of the specification, 2nd CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of the 2nd CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of the specification, 3rd CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of the 3rd CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of the specification, 4th CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of the 4TH CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of the specification, 5TH CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of the 5TH CHARGE, "Guilty.

Of the specification, 6TH CHARGE, "Guilty, except words 'with instructions to shoot the operator in case he undertook to send any message by said telegraph."

Of the 6TH CHARGE, "Guilty."

