
SENTENCE.

And the court does, therefore, sentence him the said William H. Crockett, captain Company D, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, "to be dismissed the service of the United States."

IV. Finding and sentence confirmed. Captain William H. Crockett, Company D, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, ceases to be an officer in the United States service from this date.

V. 3rd. Second Lieutenant E. J. Burross, of Company E, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, on the following charges and specifications:

CHARGE 1ST.-Mutiny.

Specification.-In this, that he, Second Lieutenant E. J. Burross, of Company E, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, did, without just cause or excuse, begin, excite, cause, and join in a mutiny, in the troops and companies in the service of the United States at the post of Bloomfield, Mo., said mutiny having from his command of Major Samuel Montgomery, then in command of that post. This at Bloomfield, Mo., on or about the 21st day of October, 1863.

CHARGE 2ND.-Being present at a mutiny, and not using his utmost endeavors to suppress the same.

Specification.-In this, that he, Second Lieutenant E. J. Burross, of Company E, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, was present at a mutiny of the officers of the troops and forces stationed at Bloomfield, Mo., and did not use his utmost endeavors to suppress the same, but, instead, aided and abetted the mutineers, who unlawfully arrested and deprived from command and put under guard Major Samuel Montgomery, or about the 21st day of October, 1863.

CHARGE 3RD.-Coming to the knowledge of an intended mutiny, and not giving information thereof, without delay, to his commanding officer.

Specification.-In this, that he, Second Lieutenant E. J. Burross, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, did come to the knowledge of an intended mutiny in the troops stationed at Bloomfield, Mo., and did not, without delay, give information thereof to his commanding officer, but aided and abetted the same. This at Bloomfield, Mo., on or about the 21st day of October, 1863.

CHARGE 4TH.-Offering violence to his superior officer in the execution of his office.

Specification.-In this, that he, Second Lieutenant E. J. Burross, of Company E, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, did march his company menacingly in front of the headquarters of the post of Bloomfield, Mo., and did detail 4 men of his company to unlawfully arrest, and aid in arresting, by force and violence, Major Montgomery, of the Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, then commanding said post, and then being by said men arrested by violence while in the execution of his office.

