
CHARGE 5TH.-Conduct to the prejudice of good order and military discipline.

Specification.-In this, that he, Second Lieutenant E. J. Burross, of Company E, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, did unlawfully and forcibly arrest, and aid to arrest, Major Montgomery, then in command of the post of Bloomfield, Mo., and in order to prevent transmission of intelligence of his conduct to the higher military authorities, and in order to conceal and screen himself and his coadjutors, the accused did take command of the guard in charge of the telegraphic instruments, and order said guard to shoot the operator if he attempted to send any message. This at Bloomfield, Mo., on or about the 21st day of October, 1863.

CHARGE 6TH.-Disobedience of orders.

Specification.-In this, that he, Second Lieutenant E. J. Burross, of Company E, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, having been lawfully commanded by his superior officer, Major Montgomery, to disperse his company, then menacingly drawn up before the headquarters of said major, who was in command of the post at that time, did disobey said order, and refuse utterly so to disperse his men. This at Bloomfield, Mo., on or about the 21st day of October, 1863.

To all of which charges and specifications the accused pleaded "Not guilty."

FINDING OF THE COURT.

The court having maturely considered the evidence adduced, finds the accused as follows:

Of the specification, 1st CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of the 1ST CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of the specification, 2nd CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of the 2nd CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of the specification, 3rd CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of the 3rd CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of the specification, 4TH CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of the 4TH CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of the specification, 5TH CHARGE, "Guilty, except words, 'and order said guard to shoot the operator if he attempted to send any messages.'"

Of the 5TH CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of the specification, 6TH CHARGE, "Not guilty."

Of the 6TH CHARGE, "Not guilty."

SENTENCE.

And the court does, therefore, sentence him, the said Second Lieutenant E. J. Burross, Company E, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, ceased to be an officer in the service of the United States from his date.

VII. 4th. Second Lieutenant luther D. Potter, of Company L, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, on the following charges and specifications:

CHARGE 1ST.-Mutiny.

Specification.-In this, that he, Second Lieutenant Luther D. Potter, of Company L, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, did begin,

