
excite, cause, and join in a mutiny in the troops of the United States stationed at the post of Bloomfield, Mo., in this wise: That he agreed with other officers there stationed that they should march their respective commanders against the headquarters of Major Montgomery, of the Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, commanding said post, and forcibly seize and arrest their said commander, and deprive him of his command, and, in pursuance thereof, he did march his company, then being in command thereof, before the headquarters of said Montgomery, and did forcibly seize and arrest him, and deprive him of his command, and place a guard of soldiers over him, without just cause or excuse. This at Bloomfield, Mo., on or about the 21st day of October, 1863.

CHARGE 2ND.-Being present at a mutiny, and not using his utmost endeavors to suppress the same.

Specification.-In this, that he, Second Lieutenant Luther D. Potter, of Company L, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, was present at a mutiny of the officers and soldiers of the troops of the United States at the post of Bloomfield, Mo., in which the commanding officer of said post, Major Samuel Montgomery, was forcibly seized, unlawfully arrested, placed in confinement, and deprived of his command; and he, the said Potter, did not use his utmost endeavor to suppress the same, but rather encouraged and incited it. This at Bloomfield, Mo., on or about the 21st day of October, 1863.

CHARGE 3RD.-Coming to knowledge of an intended mutiny, and not giving information thereof, without delay, to his commanding officer.

Specification.-In this, that he, Second Lieutenant Luther D. Potter, of Company L, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, coming to the knowledge of an intended mutiny by the officers of the command and troops at the post of Bloomfield, Mo., did not, without delay, give information thereof to his commanding officer, but concealed from said officer such knowledge. This at Bloomfield, Mo., on or about the 21st day of October, 1863.

CHARGE 4th.-Conduct unbecoming an officer and a gentleman.

Specification.-In this, that he, Second Lieutenant Luther D. Potter, of Company L, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, did, without orders, cause, provocation, or excuse, aid in forcibly arresting and detaining Major Samuel Montgomery, of the Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, and did, without order or authority, place, and assist to place, a guard over the said major, and keep and detain him in durance for a considerable time, to the scandal of the service. This at Bloomfield, Mo., on or about the 21st day of October, 1863.

CHARGE 5TH.-Offering violence to his superior officer, being in the execution of his office.

Specification.-In this, that he, Second Lieutenant Luther D. Potter, of Company L, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, did offer violence to his superior officer, Major Samuel Montgomery, Sixth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, then commanding the post of Bloomfield, Mo., and being in the execution of his office, where said Potter was stationed, by marching his company, under arms, before the headquarters of said post, and ordering and causing 4 men of said company to arrest, forcibly and violently, and to aid in forcibly and violently arresting, said Major Montgomery, without just cause, provocation, or excuse. This at Bloomfield, Mo., on or about the 21st day of October, 1863.

