
be, as they are true patriots, who have from the outbreak of the rebellion devoted themselves to the cause of their country; that when, in the spring of 1861, efforts were made by the rebels to force the State out of the Union, and the Home Guard sprang to arms, these officers were their leaders, and "that many a sanguinary field has since attested their patriotism and valor;" among them Lebanon, Wilson's Creek, Sugar Creek, Pea Ridge, and Prairie Grove.

The petitioners further declare that the term of service of the regiment to which these officers were attacked expires on the 4th of July next, and that the men will not re-enlist as veterans unless with their influence.

The Honorable Messrs. Boyd, McClurg, and Scott concur in the prayer of the petitioners. Mr. Boyd, in presenting the petition, takes occasion to state that he knows these officers personally; that "they served under Lyon at Wilson's Creek, and are as good men as ever breathed."

It is recommended that the disability under which these officers labor, in consequence of their several sentences, be removed.

J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, May 17, 1864.

The GOVERNOR OF MISSOURI:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that, by direction of the President of the United States, the disability resting upon J. H. Paynter, E. J. Burross, and Luther D. Potter,* formerly captain and second lieutenants, respectively, in the Sixth Missouri Cavalry, by reason of their dismissal from service under sentence of general court-martial, is hereby removed, and they may be recommissioned if Your Excellency so desires.

I am, sir, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 25, 1863.-Action at Pine Bluff, Ark.

REPORT.+

Numbers 1.-Major General Frederick Steele, U. S. Army, commanding Army of Arkansas, with congratulatory order.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Powell Clayton, Fifth Kansas Cavalry, commanding at Pine Bluff, Ark.

Numbers 3.-Lieutenant Colonel Thomas N. Pace, First Indiana Cavalry.

Numbers 4.-Major Thomas W. Scudder, Fifth Kansas Cavalry.

Numbers 5.-Lieutenant Milton F. Clark, Fifth Kansas Cavalry.

Numbers 6.-Lieutenant Colonel Henry C. Caldwell, Third Iowa Cavalry, of the pursuit of Marmaduke.

Numbers 7.-Brigadier General John S. Marmaduke, C. S. Army, commanding expedition.

Numbers 8.-Colonel Colton Greene, Third Missouri Cavalry (Confederate), commanding Marmaduke's brigade.

---------------

*The President's indorsement removed the disability in case of Captain William H. Crockett also. It does not appear that any of these officers re-enforced the service.

+See General Schofield's report, p. 12.

---------------

46 R R-VOL XXII, PT I

