
Numbers 9.-Colonel Robert R. Lawther, Tenth Missouri Cavalry (Confederate), commanding brigade.

Numbers 10.-Colonel G. W. Thompson, Sixth Missouri Cavalry (Confederate), commanding Shelby's brigade.

Numbers 11.-Colonel J. C. Monroe, First Arkansas Cavalry, commanding Cabell's brigade.

Numbers 12.-Colonel Robert C. Newton, Fifth Arkansas Cavalry, commanding division.

Numbers 13.-Major John P. Bull, Fifth Arkansas Cavalry, commanding Newton's brigade.

Numbers 14.-Captain W. B. Denson, commanding squadron.

Numbers 15.-Major B. D. Chenoweth, Twenty-first Texas Cavalry, commanding Texas Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 16.-Major R. C. Wood, Missouri Cavalry Battalion (Confederate).

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Frederick Steele, U. S. Army, commanding Army of Arkansas, with congratulatory orders.*

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., November 3, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose Colonel Clayton's report of his gallant defense of Pine Bluff. Also Lieutenant-Colonel Caldwell's report of his pursuit of Marmaduke. Caldwell captured more property than fell into the possession of Marmaduke during his raid.

Very respectfully, major, your obedient servant,

FRED'K STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major OLIVER D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF ARKANSAS,

Numbers 41. Little Rock, Ark., November 7, 1863.

It is fit that the conduct of troops on the battle-field, especially gallant and heroic, should be publicly approbated by the commanding officer, and officially published, for the emulation of the whole army. Therefore, the major-general commanding the Army of the Arkansas publishes to his command these facts: On the 25th day of October last the cavalry brigade consisting of the Fifth Kansas and First Indiana Cavalry, commanded by Colonel Powell Clayton, and numbering less than 600 men, was attacked at Pine Bluff, Ark., by an army of rebels, 2,500 in number, with twelve pieces of artillery. Unawed by the overwhelming force, they fought them for five hours, and drove them, discomfited and with heavy loss, from the field. Retreat or surrender were words unknown to these brave men, and their determined heroism has inflicted a blow upon the rebel army not soon to be forgotten. The major-general commanding hereby tenders to Colonel Powell Clayton and his brave command his sincere and earnest thanks for their gallant conduct in the defense of Pine Bluff, and they can rest well assured that their gallantry deserves, and will receive, the applause of their Government and the loyal people, the highest ambition of the true soldier.

By order of Major General Frederick Steele:

[F. H. MANTER,]

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*See also State to Schofield, October 28, 1863, in "Correspondence, etc., "Part II, p. 682.

---------------

