
ings that were burned by the enemy were occupied by the Fifth Kansas Cavalry as quarters; consequently their camp and garrison equipage and their books and papers were all burned. The train was also corralled in sheds in rear of the buildings that were burned. When the five was raging, the mules were cut loose to keep them from burning, and 62 of them are missing. The enemy also burned on warehouse, containing over 200 bales of cotton. In setting fire to these buildings, General Marmaduke committed the gross and barbarous deed of burning some of his own wounded. Several of his own men, who were wounded, were burned to death, and almost entirely consumed by the flames that he kindled. The court-house, General James', General Yell's, and John Bloom's houses were all nearly destroyed by the enemy's artillery. There is scarcely a house in town that does not show the effects of the battle. The enemy plundered every house he could get to, and stole every horse and mule from the citizens that he could lay his hands on. The prisoners that I captured reported General Marmaduke's force from 2,000 to 3,000 men, and twelve pieces artillery. I think he had some 2,500 men and twelve pieces of artillery.

My force consisted of the Fifth Kansas Cavalry, commanded by Major Thomas W. Scudder, and the First Indiana Cavalry, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Thomas N. Pace, and one company of State militia, commanded by Captain [R.] Murphy, amounting in all to some 550 men. Captain Murphy's company behaved like veterans. The officers and men both of the Fifth Kansas Cavalry and of the First Indiana Cavalry behaved most admirably. The fact that so small a force kept four times their number at bay for five hours, and finally drove them from the field, bespeaks for the whole command greater efficiency and gallantry than words can do. Every officer and soldier in the whole command seemed determined to fight them as long as there was a round of ammunition left. The negroes also did me excellent service (see Captain Talbot's report, which I fully indorse), and deserve much therefor.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major-General STEELE,

Commanding Army of Arkansas.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS FREEDMEN, Pine Bluff, Ark., October 27, 1863.

Colonel CLAYTON,Commanding Post of Pine Bluff:

SIR: The following report of the part taken by the negroes under my charge in the action of the 25th instant at this post is respectfully submitted:

When the skirmishing first commenced, I received orders from you to furnish as many men as possible to roll out cotton-bales and form breastworks. I had 300 immediately brought from camp, on double-quick, and from the short space of time in which every street and opening was blockaded you may judge of their efficiency in that respect, especially when you consider that much of the work was accomplished under a heavy fire from the enemy's skirmishers.

By the time the breastworks were completed the fight had become general, and calls for water were urgent to supply the soldiers and quench the fire that had caught to the cotton-bales from our artillery.

