
house lot. The regiment was then assembled in front of regimental headquarters. Shortly afterward, in compliance with orders received. I send out Companies A and H, mounted, under Major [M.] McCauley, to fell the enemy and notice his movement, and two companies (D and F) in and on top of the court-house, as skirmishers, and two companies (B and G), as skirmishers from the front, with orders, if pressed, to fall back and occupy the houses in front, and to hold them at all hazards. The detachment sent out under Major McCauley were subject to the same orders, but to occupy and hold the houses on the right. In the mean time, through the timely assistance of about 100 contrabands, excellent barricades of cotton were made across the streets leading from court square. I ordered the light battery of English steel rifle cannon into position behind these works. During this time the enemy slowly advanced. Our skirmishers were driven from place to place, until they sides. Their batteries opened fire on the court house, compelling our men to vacate on the double-quick. After which, Companies D and F were held in reserve, to be brought forward should the enemy charge the works. The companies were soon needed. The enemy's repeated assaults were of no avail. We drove them back on all sides. The enemy next set fire to the buildings on the right, determined to do with fire what they could not accomplish by force; but our men arrested the flames before any material damage was done; and the enemy, finding that they was planted in a very strong position in rear and to the right of the Methodist church, immediately in our front. I moved the battery forward to the left of General Yell's residence, and opened on them, and, after a hot contest of more than an hour in duration, succeeded in silencing them.

The regiment was engaged fully six hours, sustaining a loss of 3 killed and 9 wounded . We captured 12 prisoners during the day.

It would be to the disparagement of others who did their whole duty to mention any officer or enlisted man for meritorious conduct. I am gratified to say that one and all went into the work with a will, and nobly did their duty. Lieutenant [S.] Leflar deserves mention for his indefatigable efforts in the performance of the arduous duties imposed on him in the command of the battery of light artillery. So also Majors [J. D.] Owen and McCauley for their assistance in the many duties of the day.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS N. PACE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding First Indiana Cavalry.

Lieutenant M. W. BENJAMIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4. Report of Major Thomas W. Scudder, Fifth Kansas Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS FIFTH KANSAS CAVALRY, Pine Bluff, Ark., October 26, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following as an outline of the part taken by the Fifth Kansas Cavalry in the engagement at this place on the 25th instant:

As soon as informed of the rebel approach, the men formed (dis-

