
mounted) in front of their quarters, by instructions received form you, colonel. I then ordered one-half of each squadron detailed to saddle their squadron horses and secure them within the court-house square. Company I, being on picket, was first engaged with the enemy. Companies B and D were moved out near our picket line, on the outskirts of town, and commenced skirmishing. They all fell back slowly until they reached our line of defense, on the square, then dismounted, and were assigned positions behind hastily constructed barricades of cotton-bales, as follows: Companies A and I at the northwest angle of the square, supporting section of Fifth Kansas Battery; Company K, southwest angle, supporting First Indiana Battery; Companies B, D, and E on their left, by General Yell's house; Company H at the southeast angle, with two pieces of the Fifth Kansas Battery, and Company G, with one gun (same battery), at the northeast angle. All kept skirmishers as far in advance as practicable. Of the conduct of both officers and men during the day I can truly and proudly say they did their duty well. Stimulated by brave words form you, colonel, as you passed among us from time to time, they rent the air with cheers that inspired the whole line with courage and the resolve the conquer. Commencing at 8 a. m., the battle raged (with occasional intervals, when firing would almost cease) about seven hours, when the rebels commenced retreating. By your order, Companies A, F, E, and part of G mounted and started in pursuit, overtaking their rear in the outskirts of town. After some skirmishing, the enemy moved rapidly off, and our forces returned.

Thus ended the part taken by the Fifth Kansas Cavalry in the battle of Pine Bluff. During the height of the engagement the enemy fired the quarters and stable of my regiment, and nearly every article of public and private property, together with most of the company officers' records and papers, were destroyed. Accompanying this report is a statement* of regimental quartermaster of amount of public property belonging to his department lost and destroyed by the burning of the stables. The fire made such rapid progress the mules were turned loose to save them, and many of them were captured by the enemy or lost.

I am, colonel, yours most obediently,

T. W. SCUDDER,

Major, Commanding Fifth Kansas Cavalry.

Colonel POWELL CLAYTON,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 5. Report of Lieutenant Milton F. Clark, Fifth Kansas Cavalry.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., October 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor herewith of transmitting to you a list of the killed and wounded on the 25th instant.

The loss of the enemy is a follows: Two companies killed (one of whom, Captain Procter, was buried); 2 lieutenants wounded (prisoners); 19 enlisted men killed (buried by us); 3 rank not known, killed (buried by themselves), and 15 enlisted men wounded.

I have also to state that, from all the information I can gather (from strictly reliable sources), I am led to believe the enemy carried off a great portion of their killed and wounded; in fact, I have found 3 men

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

