
the extreme left), Young's battalion, and [D. B.] Griswold's light battery; the right consisting of [S. T.] Ruffner's battery (three guns), [W. L.] Jeffers' and [J. Q.] Burbridge's regiments (commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel [W. J.] Preston), in the order named. Burbridge' regiment was advanced, wading through a lagoon, until it rested on Newton's left. After reconnoitering the enemy's works, I placed Ruffner's battery in position near the Methodist church, which played upon the court-house and adjoining buildings with effect, while Griswold's battery opened farther to the left and drove the enemy's sharpshooters from their shelter. The enemy's works were defended in the direction in which my right lay by four howitzers and two heavier pieces on the left, all well protected by cotton-bales. The action was maintained, chiefly by sharpshooters and artillery on both sides, for five fours. No serious effect was produced upon the enemy's works, and it became evident that they could only be carried by a coup de main. He was well covered, and could only be approached over many obstacles. At 3 o'clock I was ordered to retire my troops to the position occupied in the morning. The enemy observed the movement, and soon attacked my rear, consisting of Greene's regiment and Young's battalion, but were repulsed with loss. As the rear again withdrew, another demonstration was made, but upon the delivery of one fire from Colonel Kitchen (formed on the right and rear), the enemy hastily retreated. I again went into position one-half mile back, on the Princeton road, and formed once more 2 miles farther on, but the enemy did not pursue. I now took up the line of march, and reached Princeton at 7 p. m. on the 26th instant.

I would particularly commend the conduct of the troops under my command during the action. The batteries were well handled, and their officers and men bore themselves with coolness and spirit.

I regret deeply to record the death of Lieutenant [W. D.] Biser, adjutant of my own regiment, who fell at the close of the action. he was an efficient and useful officer and a gallant gentleman.

My loss during the engagement was 7 killed and 21 wounded, for the particulars of which I refer you to the accompanying document.*

I am, major, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

COLTON GREENE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major HENRY EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 9. Report of Colonel Robert R. Lawther, Tenth Missouri Cavalry (Confederate), commanding brigade.

HEADQUARTERS POST OF CAMDEN, October 29, 1863.

MAJOR: On the morning of October 25, while advancing on Pine Bluff, I was ordered, with my command, by Brigadier-General Marmaduke, to the front of the center column, commanded by Colonel [Colton] Greene. My command consisted of Colonel Greene's regiment, commanded by Major [L. A.] Campbell, and Colonel [M. L.] Young's battalion. By 8 o'clock in the morning we had arrived within 1 1\2 miles of

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

