
the city. I here ordered forward Major [G. W. C.] Bennett, with the companies of Captains [H. S.] Randall and [William T.] Barry, to reconnoiter the enemy's position. After advancing a short distance, Major Bennett met the enemy's skirmishers, and immediately charged and drove them in, killing 2 and wounding 4. About a mile form the court-house I dismounted my men and formed them to the left of the road in an open field, Colonel Young on the right and Major Campbell on the left. After some skirmishing with the enemy, we drove them into their fortifications in and near the court-house. My command was then formed in about 150 yards of the court-house, where it remained during the engagement, a portion of the command being deployed as skirmishers and doing good execution whenever the enemy dared to show themselves above their works. When it was determined to withdraw from the place, I was ordered, with my command, to cover the retreat of our army. After marching less than half a mile, we were attacked by some 500 of the enemy, who came out form their fortifications. After a severe engagement of about fifteen minutes, the enemy were repulsed with heavy loss, and did not molest us further.

I cannot speak too highly of both the officers and men under my command. Where all acted so well it is difficult and almost invidious to make a distinction between them.

Colonel Young, Major Bennett, and Captain Randall conducted themselves with conspicuous gallantry during the day.

Major Campbell had his horse killed udder him, and acted with the greatest coolness and bravery during the day.

Our loss was 4 killed and 13 wounded. Among the formed I regret to mention Lieutenant [W. D.] Biser, adjutant of Greene's regiment, who fell in the last charge of the enemy. He was a brave and efficient officer, and died while nobly discharging his duty as an officer and soldier.

I cannot close without acknowledging my indebtedness to Lieutenant H. Ferrill, who was with me during the day, and acted with much coolness and bravery.

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LAWTHER,

Colonel, &amp;c.

Major HENRY EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 10. Report of Colonel G. W. Thompson, Sixth Missouri Cavalry (Confederate), commanding Shelby's brigade.

HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S BRIGADE, Camp on Ouachita River, October 30, 1863.

MAJOR: After a few weeks of comparative rest, I have the honor to report another wearisome march and another battle, with its results and consequences.

During the night of the 23rd instant I received orders to have three days' rations cooked and 25 rounds of ammunition to each man, and the command ready to march at 9 a. m. the following day, which order was promptly obeyed. At the appointed hour I moved the command into Princeton, where it remained halted until about 12 m., when

