
Numbers 11. Report of Colonel J. C. Monroe, First Arkansas Cavalry, commanding Cabell's brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CABELL'S BRIGADE, October 27, 1863.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders from division headquarters, I make the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the battle of Pine Bluff, on the 25th instant:

I arrived at the Little Rock road near town about 8 o'clock, dismounted my men, and formed on foot. Colonel [G. W.] Thompson's brigade remained mounted and extended from my left to the river. Colonel Thompson also sent some mounted men to my right to act as flankers. I then deployed one company of dismounted men as skirmishers. These dispositions being made, I awaited the signal for the attack. When the signal was given, I moved cautiously forward without any opposition until I arrived in the suburbs of town, when my skirmishers of the enemy and drove them steadily back until within a short distance of their fortifications, when a destructive fire was poured into my ranks from the buildings and fortifications. Not being able to effect anything with small-arms, I immediately fell back and ordered up my artillery, and attempted to shell them out. My dismounted men were not engaged again during the day.

Each regiment and battalion under my command fought well and obeyed strictly the orders concerning pillaging. Nothing was taken until the retreat commenced.

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,J. C. MOORE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 12. Reports of Colonel Robert C. Newton, Fifth Arkansas Cavalry, commanding division.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE, Near Washington, Ark., December 4, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor, in obedience to instructions, to submit the following report of the part taken by the troops under my command in the engagement at Pine Bluff, Ark., on October 25:

My brigade moved from Princeton on the morning of October 24, as the advance of the division. At Sparks' place that night the brigadier general commanding announced the plan of attack to the brigade commanders. The column which was placed under my command was commanding), the Texas Brigade, Major [B. D.] Chenoweth commanding, and Major Robert C. Wood's battalion, Missouri Cavalry.

We moved from Sparks', on Mahony's Ferry road, toward Pine Bluff about 10.30 o'clock that night. We reached Cantrell's Springs a little after daylight on October 25. There, in accordance with instructions from General Marmaduke, my column left the main road, moving upon a right-hand country road a distance of about 2 miles to the Talladega

