
and, indeed, every one with whom he came in contact, by the cool, brave, and gentlemanly manner in which he executed all of my orders.

Very respectfully submitted.

JOHN P. BULL,

Major, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant H. CARLTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Newton's Division.

Numbers 14. Report of Captain W. B. Denson, commanding squadron.

OCTOBER, 27, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In the late attack upon Pine Bluff (of the 25th instant), my squadron, forming a part of the brigade commanded by Major [John P.] Bull, after being dismounted, moved up to the east side of Pine Bluff, and for a short while acted as a support for [J. H.] Pratt's battery. The brigade was then ordered to advance, and we moved at a double-quick up into town and across Main street to the bank of the river (Arkansas). Main street was crossed under a shower of grape and shell, but fortunately only 1 man was wounded (Private W. W. Goolsby, Company B, Captain [D. A.] Nunn's). The wound was through the foot (not serious), and he was promptly taken from the field by the surgeons in charge. This was the only casualty of my command during the action. After halting some ten minutes on the bank of the river, about 300 yards form where the enemy was posted, I retired down the bank of the Arkansas River, and took the position designated, where I remained until ordered to withdraw from the field.

Permit me to represent the conduct of the men under my charge as being admirable. Every man seemed eager for the fray, and though none but my sharpshooters had an opportunity of firing a gun, they begged to be led to the face of the enemy. Indeed, all the troops who came under my observation during the day behaved well.

Respectfully submitted.

W. B. DENSON,

Captain, Commanding Squadron.

Lieutenant [H.] CARLTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 15. Report of Major B. D. Chenoweth, Twenty-first Texas Cavalry, commanding Texas Cavalry Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS TEXAS CAVALRY BRIGADE, October 27, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Texas brigade in the action of the 25th instant:

The Texas brigade, composed of the Twenty-first Regiment Texas Cavalry, [J. H.] Pratt's battery, [B. D.] McKie's and [C. L.] Morgan's

