
squadrons (dismounted), and under orders of Colonel [Robert C.] Newton, commanding division, approached the eastern part of the town and encountered an advance of the enemy in the suburbs, which was quickly repulsed by an effective fire of shell from Pratt's battery. This battery was then opened upon the location of the enemy's guns, but receiving no reply, I received orders from

Colonel Newton to advance my line toward the court-house square. This order was as promptly executed as the many obstacles in the way would admit of, the men driving before them, from house to house, the enemy's sharpshooters, until orders were received to halt the line. Captain Pratt, with one rifled gun, followed the advance of the line until a position was obtained, when at short range he opened on the court-house square a destructive fire, which continued until the artillery was ordered into works on the opposite side of the town.

Of the conduct of officers and men I have nothing to say except that all, without exception, did their duty with zeal and promptness.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. D. CHENOWETH,

Major, Commanding Texas Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 16. Report of Major R. C. Wood, Missouri Cavalry Battalion (Confederate).

CAMP MARMADUKE, ARK., October 27, 1863.

MAJOR: In obedience to the requirements of your circular of this morning, I have the honor to state that on the morning of the 25th instant, at about 9 o'clock, my command was halted in front of the column of the right wing of the division, commanded by Colonel [Robert C.] Newton, 1 mile southeast of Pine Bluff. The pickets of the enemy having been driven in, my command was ordered to be dismounted and line of battle formed, and marched to [in] the direction of the court-house. This was promptly done, with my skirmishers deployed in front, who drove the enemy's rapidly before them. When within 100 yards of the court-house, a brisk fire was opened upon the battalion. They were then ordered one of the streets with bales of cotton taken from a shed near by. I then ordered my sharpshooters to take possession of the houses near the court-house. This was speedily effected, making the enemy take shelter there. My sharpshooters remained at their posts until their ammunition was expended, then came to the command for a supply, and returned to their posts.

The only casualties were among them, as per accompanying list, which I respectfully submit.

My battalion remained udder cover of the cotton-bales until the colonel commanding ordered me to withdraw, upon which I sent into the houses and collected my sharpshooters, who, with the battalion, left the field in good order.

Officers and men, without exception, obeyed all orders with alacrity.

I am, major, your most obedient servant,

R. C. WOOD,

Major, Commanding Battalion.

Major HENRY EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

