
OCTOBER 26, 1863.-Skirmish at King's House, near Waynesville, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Charles C. Twyford, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

WAYNESVILLE, Mo., November 12, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor of submitting the following statement, agreeably to orders:

On the 25th day of October, 1863, I was ordered on a scout south from Waynesville, with 15 men, to gain all the information concerning Benjamin Moore, whether taken prisoner or killed, but supposed to be killed. After riding all day, gained no information. Staid all night 15 miles south of Waynesville. In the night, abut 3 a. m., the guard woke me up; said there was some on around. Three of us ran out; the guard halted them, and they fired. Three of us ran out; the guard halted them, and they fired. Immediately upon firing several shots, they left in a hurry. The guard received a slight wound in the breast. In the morning he was sent into Waynesville with 7 men; the others proceeded farther south, to Hiram Kings' (distance, 10 miles). Saw no signs, trails, or fresh tracks, and heard nothing concerning any bushwhackers or rebels in the country. At Hiram King's we learned that Benjamin Moore was taken prisoner; afterward escaped, or was paroled, he did not know which, It was very near noon; concluded we had better have some dinner and horses fed, and make Waynesville that night. Could hear of no rebels (bushwhackers) in the country. While waiting for dinner, I was 20 or 25 men come on a charge out of the brush toward the house. I ordered the men to fall in. The bushwhackers halted. It was too far off to give them a volley from revolvers. We went in the smaller log-house joining the main building, with 4 or 5 feet space between them, and prepared to give them a nice reception. Hiram King and family were in the hose that we occupied; raised the floor; put all of them under; they appealed to us in every way possible to leave the house, but we made them remain under the floor. Thirty-six of the bush whackers came charging on the house, mounted, firing several shots from revolvers well loaded. They found other quarters would be more comfortable, they meeting with considerable loss. None on our side. They tried all the ways possible to dislodge us, and found it a dangerous business. They sent word to Colonel Love, in command of 150 men from his and Major Freeman's command, to attack Waynesville. They made a charge on foot. Finding that two revolvers in the hands of men in the house were used to a good advantage, concluded to try other means not quite so dangerous. After trying every way possible, they set fire to the main building; then awaited the result. Knowing the house was on fire, we began to prepare ourselves for the worst. We burned all the papers that would give any of our names or identify us in any way; changed our names, company, and regiment, for the reason that the bushwhackers had often sworn and circulated the report in the country if Frank Mason, Michael Williams, and Lieutenant Twyford should fall into their hands, they would burn or shoot them full of holes; though it best to assume fictitious names. The fire was coming through the roof; something was soon to be done. I thought of making a blacksmith 200 or 300 feet in the rear of the house, but concluded to ask terms of surrender. Saw from the number it was useless to contend against them. A white flag was run out. Commander, called Bristoe, acting adjutant for Colonel Love, came up, and I asked him on what terms we could surrender. He (cap-

