
tain) asked if the family were all right. I answered, "Yes." I wanted to know what were the conditions of surrender. Captain said we should be treated as prisoners of war; give you my word and honor he did. It was 3 p. m. when we gave up our arms. Some of the bushwhackers wanted to shoot us. They stripped us of clothing, but gave us some old clothes in return. Colonel Love would not allow any unbecoming language used to us. The command marched until ark, and encamped within 12 miles of Waynesville. Some questioned us very closely. At 1 a. m. broke up camp. The bushwhackers (75) left Colonel Love's command. Love marched until 3 p. m.; stopped for something to eat and horses fed. The colonel then told me he was going to parole us. We were paroled. The colonel then told me he was going to parole us. We were paroled. Send an escort with us outside of the lines, but sent for us to come back. The reason-three of Ben. Wood's men had followed the command all day, supposed to see if we were to be paroled. They (the bushwhackers) swore we should never see Waynesville. Colonel Love put them under guard, and sent escort with us out of the line. It was after sundown. We started across hills and hollows; no road to follow, walking all night. We started across hills and hollows; no road to follow, walking all night. In passing near two houses we heard men talking and riding; afterward learned they inquired for us. We succeeded in reaching Lebanon after dark on Wednesday, the 28th, completely worn out in feet, losing sleep, and nothing to eat. Colonel Love said we killed 5 men and wounded 4, killed and wounding 7 of their horses. Killed 1 and wounded 1 of our horses.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. TWYFORD,

2nd Lieutenant Co. H, 5th Missouri State Militia Cav., Commanding Scout.

Major WALDEMAR FISHER.

OCTOBER 26-NOVEMBER 12, 1863.-Scout form Cape Girardeau to Doniphan, Mo., and Pocahontas, Ark.

Report of Major Josephus Robbins, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

CAMP LOWRY, November 14, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report, in conformity to orders, I marched on the morning of the 26th October with 250 men of the Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry in the direction of Doniphan, Mo. When near Greenville, Mo., I dispatched Captain [L.] Sells with 75 men to Popular Bluff, to guard the polls and scout the country, which he successfully did. The remainder of my command marched to Doniphan, where Captain [W. T.] Leeper, of the Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry, joined me, with 70 men. I remained there some three days, until after the election, scouting the country in all directions. The next day after he election I dispatched Captain [J. W.] Edwards, with 40 men of the Second Regiment and 10 men of the Third Regiment, to Cape Girardeau, with prisoners and contraband horses. I then, with the remainder of my command (195 men), marched straight upon Pocahontas, hoping to come upon Captain Reves' rebel command, which was somewhere between Pocahontas and Powhatan, on the opposite side of Black River. Arriving at Pocahontas, I found the boats had been taken by Reves, and could not cross. I then marched in the direction of Davidsonville, hoping to find a boat there or at Powhatan, which would have enabled me to cross the river, fall upon Reves, and capture him or drive him into Cherokee Bay upon Captain Sells, who was stationed there, by my

