
order, after having done his work at Poplar Bluff. Arriving near Davidsonville, I learned that the boats there, as well as at Powhatan, had been destroyed or taken off by Geves. I then marched to Seven Points, where we captured Captain Martin, of the Confederate Army, and learned from a prisoners that the boat at Pocahontas had ben taken down Black River 2 or 3 miles and hauled out into the woods. I then dispatched Captain [R. M.] Hulse, with 30 men, at 4 o'clock next morning, to go and look after the boat and bring it up to Pocahontas, which he successfully accomplished. At 6 o'clock same morning, I marched the command to Pocahontas, and commenced crossing the river. By 2 o'clock the entire command had all passed over, and were on the track of Reves, down the river. The advance came up with him near night, and gave chase, pressing him so closely that he dropped his blankets, coats, and hats, and drove him to the swamps, his native resort. Next day I marched as far down the river as Powhatan, and learned that Reves and his men had scattered out into the swamps, each fellow on his own hook. I did not think it worth while to look further after him. Finding no regularly organized foe in the country, I turned the column toward the Cape, marched up, and crossed Black River at the Indian Ford, in the lower end of Cherokee Bay, where I found Captain Sells quartered, and where I camped for the night. Next day the entire command marched for their respective headquarters, scouting the country as they passed along. When near Popular Bluff, Captain Leeper, of the Third Regiment Missouri State Militia Cavalry, left me to join his command, stationed at Patterson, Mo. To him and his command I tender my heartfelt thanks for the valuable information and efficient services rendered me during the expedition. To the officers and soldiers of my own regiment many thanks are due, all having done their duty with alacrity and precision. I arrived at the Cape on the evening of the 12th instant, having been out eighteen days, want of rations driving me in sooner than I would otherwise have come.

During the expedition we killed 1 rebel captain, captured 16 prisoners, 5 out of the 16 being commissioned officers, 3 of them captains and 2 of them lieutenants. Many other prisoners were taken and discharged, there being no evidence against them sufficient to warrant a further detention of them as prisoners of war. We also captured 47 head of horses and mules, a lot of shot guns and squirrel rifles, many of which were broken to pieces by the soldiers and left behind as worthless. No casualties to my command during the expedition. All returned in good health.

With great respect, I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

JOSEPHUS ROBBINS,

Major Second Battalion, Second M. S. M. Cav., Commanding Expedition.

Colonel J. B. ROGERS,

Commanding Cape Girardeau, Mo.

OCTOBER 27-NOVEMBER 15, 1863.-Expedition from Cape Girardeau to Clarkton, Mo.

Report of Captain Henry C. Gentry, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., November 15, 1863.

COLONEL: In compliance with orders, I left his post on the 27th of October, 1863, and arrived the same evening 4 miles west of White

