
Water. On the next evening we arrived at Bloomfield. On the 29th, we encamped on West Prairie. On the 30th, we moved to Four Mile, in Dunklin County. I arrest Captain Whitaker and Lieutenant Walker, of the rebel service, and paroled them, to report to the commander of Post Bloomfield, Mo. On the 31st, I moved to Clarkton and encamped. I there sent out scouting parties, who returned and reported no guerrillas in the neighborhood. On the 1st of November, I moved to Kennett, and encamped in the vicinity of that place during the next day, and scouted the neighboring country. On the 3rd, I moved to Clarkton, with the intention of protecting the polls and giving the people an opportunity of voting, which they declined to do. I remained at Clarkton until Thursday, the 5th, when I moved up the road, sending Lieutenant [L. E.] Irwin, with 15 men, into the swamp, some 10 miles northwest of Clarkton, where he found the two guerrillas, Smith and Lacy, whom he pursued, mortally wounding Lucy, Smith escaping, seemingly wounded. He also captured 2 guerrillas. He captured them, killing 1 horse. On the 7th, I moved a short distance. I sent the 2 prisoners to Bloomfield, where they were safely delivered to Captain [V.] Preuitt. On the next day I sent another scout, by Four Mile, to Brown's Ferry, back through Clarkton, seeing no enemy. On the 9th, I encamped near Bloomfield. On the 10th, I came to Bloomfield and passed through, and in the evening encamped near Sikeston. Hearing of guerrillas in the vicinity of Charleston, I moved to that place, where I arrived on the evening of the 11th. I remained there during the 12th and 13th, and, sending parties out in all directions, I scouted the country thoroughly. I moved to Benton on the 14th, and on the 15th of November I arrived safely at Cape Girardeau, Mo., in accordance with orders.

This I must respectfully offer as my report.

H. C. GENTRY,

Captain, Commanding Expedition.

Colonel J. B. ROGERS,

Commanding 2nd Mo. State Mil. Cav., and Post Cape Girardeau, Mo.

OCTOBER 29, 1863.-Affair near Warsaw, Mo.

Report of Colonel John F. Philips, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

SEDALIA, MO., October 31, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report than, on the 29th instant, Captain Squire Ballew, Company I, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry, commanding at Warsaw, received information of 15 or 18 rebels, stragglers from Shelby's force, 15 miles south of Warsaw. He sent out 25 men after them. About sundown they came up with the rebels, attacked them vigorously, killed 2 or 3, and captured 10 or 12 horses and a lot of stolen goods. Our casualties, none.

JNO. P. PHILIPS,

Colonel Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN.

