
OCTOBER 29-NOVEMBER 5, 1863.-Scout from Pilot Knob to Alton and Doniphan, Mo.

Report of Captain Robert McElroy, Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

CAMP OF THE THIRD Regiment MO. STATE MILITIA, Pilot Knob, Mo., November 9, 1863.

DEAR SIR: According to order, I left this post with the command

assigned me on the 29th day of October, at 9 a. m., and camped that night on Little Black River, on Burford's farm.

On the morning of the 30th, we moved at daylight, although the day was very disagreeable, the command having to face the snow and rain. Was camped that night on Henpeck Creek; from thence we moved on to Eleven Point River, and camped near the farm of the notorious Lieutenant Huttleson; thence to Simpson's, 4 miles from the town of Alton, in Oregon Country; and on the morning of the 3rd we moved into town, and remained until the election was over. The election passed off quietly, although Lieutenant Bricker was much mortified at the result thereof; but the thing was done and could not be helped. In the evening we moved in a southeast direction, and camped on the farm of Mr. Saunders.

November 4, we moved at daybreak through the hills in toward Doniphan, in Ripley County, and camped on the farm of Oliver (one of Reves' men). On the 5th, we came through Doniphan, and camped on the Little Black River; thence to Otter Creek; thence to Bailey Station; thence to Pilot Knob.

During our trip we killed 8 and captured 5 of the most notorious guerrillas and jayhawkers that have infested that part of the State. Among them was a man by the name of Farmer, who had taken the oath of allegiance at Saint Louis, and had a copy of the same in his pocket, dated the 14th of April, 1863; also was found in his pocket a certificate from Major Crandall, certifying that the said William W. Farmer had furnished a subsistence in the person of Jesse Hollice, of Oregon County; Missouri; age fifteen years; 5 feet 7 inches in height; dark complexion; dark hair; hazel eyes, and by profession a farmer. The certificate was dated the 7th day of September, 1863, and signed Lee Crandall, major commanding. We also captured 10 horses and 1 mule, a number of which were branded C. S. There are no regularly organized bands in that part of the country; but any man that can creep on his belly into a camp of Federals and steal a horse is entitled to the name and rank of captain.

That portion of the State once cleaned of these marauders, jayhawkers, and thieves, and we will have peace throughout South Missouri.

I am of the opinion that he women in that region are even more daring and treacherous, and, if fact, worse than the men, as found in their possession a number of newly made rebel uniforms, &amp;c.

I have the honor, sir, to subscribe myself, your obedient servant,

ROBERT McELROY,

Captain, Commanding Expedition.

Major JAMES WILSON,

Commanding Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

