
NOVEMBER 4, 1863.-Skirmish near Lexington, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General Egbert B. Brown, U. S. Army, commanding District of Central Missouri.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT CENTRAL MISSOURI, Jefferson City, November 12, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding, that Lieutenant David Groomer, commanding a detachment of Company G, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry, on the morning of the 4th instant, came up with a party of 8 bushwhackers (who had been passing themselves as Shelby's men) near the Sedalia road, 12 miles east of Lexington, killing 2, capturing 4 horses and equipments, 2 guns, and a lot of clothing. The balance scattered, and made their escape. Casualties on our side, 1 horse wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Department of the Missouri.

NOVEMBER 4-6, 1863.-Skirmishes at and near Neosho, Mo.

Report of Captain James J. Akard, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT EIGHTH MISSOURI STATE MILITIA, Neosho, Mo., November 10, 1863.

I have the honor to inform you that I arrived here on the evening of the 4th. My advance had a skirmish with some bushwhackers in this place; my loss was 1 man killed. We wounded 1 of the rebels; he had since died. We routed them, and captured most of the plunder they had taken from town.

On the morning of the 6th, I made a scout down on Butler's Creek. I had with me 30 of my men and 40 of Captain Richey's company of the Rangers. We ran upon a squad of about 30 bushwhackers. We killed 8 of them upon the ground; the number wounded is not known. I then returned to camp, not leaving a very strong guard there. From the reports, I think there are about 200 in squads scattered over the country. My force is not strong enough to be effective; if I remain here, I would be glad to have more force. There is a portion of my men on foot, and a portion sick, which leaves but few for duty. There is forage sufficient for a battalion of cavalry here. I am too weak to do any scouting and leave a guard that would be safe. I would be glad to know if I have to stay here. My rations will be out the 15th of this month; if I stay, I will have to send soon to get them here in time. I don't think it safe so small a force as I have to remain too long at this place.

I am, general, with much respect, your obedient servant,JAMES J. AKARD,

Captain, Commanding Detachment Eighth Missouri State Militia Cav.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwestern Missouri.

