HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Rolla, Mo., November 25, 1863.

I have the honor to state that, in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 1863, and made a thorough investigation of the "conduct of Lieutenant Boyd on a late scout of Jack's Fork." It appears by Lieutenant Boyd's first report that William Hulsey, James Hulsey, William McCuan, John Nicholson, Robert B. Richards, alias Bruce Russell, and Jesse Story were killed after having been captured. Lieutenant Boyd Failed in making his report clear. The facts I believe to the stated in Lieutenant Boyd's amended report. The facts I believe to be stated in Lieutenant Boyd's amended report (herewith inclosed), and are that they were captured by surrounding the houses; but, on their attempting to secure them, them all broke for the brush and in that manner were killed.

As regards burning the houses, the houses that were burned were well know to be the resort of bushwhackers, where they were fed and lodged, and where a portion of their stolen property was found secreted. In some three or four of the houses several barrels of salt were found, besides other goods belonging to sutlers who have been robbed. The presence of men whom we know to be bushwhackers in some of the houses confirms this. I am of the opinion that Lieutenant Boyd acted correctly, and for the good of the service.

On my investigation being completed, I returned to Rolla on the 24th day of November, 1863.

Very respectfully,J. LOVELL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Brigadier General THOMAS A. DAVIS,

Commanding District of Rolla, Mo.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Rolla, Mo., November 26, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded, for the information of the major-general commanding Department of the Missouri. The amended report of Lieutenant Boyd states the manner of killing the men referred to in his previous report, supposed to have been killed while prisoners. The burning of the houses is also explained. The explanation is satisfactory to me, and hope it will meet the approval of department commander.

THOS. A. DAVIS,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS, Houston, Mo., November 23, 1863.

SIR: In regard to inquiries contained in Special Orders, Numbers 186, dated Rolla, November 20, 1863, in reference to killing William Hulsey, James Bruce Russell, and Jesse Story, while on a scout in Shannon and Oregon Counties, under Special Orders, Numbers 43, from Captain Murphy, commanding Post Houston, I respectfully beg love to report further, or to explain the report I made at Houston, on my return, that William Hulsey, James Hulsey, William McCuan, and Samuel Jones were at the house of James Harris, eating breakfast, when we approached the house on a

