
charge; but, owing top the location of the house, being inside of a lot or yard adjoining a corn-field on one side and thick brush on the other, we could not well surround it until the men named had discovered us and attempted to escape through the back yard, and, running some distance udder fire, were finally shot, except the boy Jones, who, instead of attempting to get udder cover of the brush as the others, took the main road, was pursued by 2 or 3 men, mounted, brought back to the house, and finally delivered up to the commander of the post here, as set forth in my former report.

In regard to John Nicholson, Bruce Russell, and Jesse Story, the circumstances were similar to the others. I knew the men were of notorious character as horse-thieves and house-robbers; I knew they were in the neighborhood, and I was looking carefully for them, when we came upon them at the house of Nicholson, which was a double log-house with three outside doors, through which they attempted to escape, and were shot, running. Nicholson had gone more than half a mile before we got him.

In regard to the burning of the houses, I beg leave to state that many of the buildings were vacant huts or cabins, used as campaign places and quarters for the bushwhackers; many of them located in secret places in the hills and ravines of that broken country. The others, from the dying confessions of Roush, and positive evidence derived form other sources, were the houses and rendezvous of the men actually engaged in burning Houston and West Plains.

In conclusion, I take the liberty to say that these things were done by my sanction and order, and that I have acted throughout as I felt it my duty to do under the circumstances, being an officer of the United States, and knowing, as I do, that these men (with others) have murdered loyal citizens at their own homes, viz, Wilson Smith, of Spring Valley; that they have stolen and burned Government property, and also that whilst I was endeavoring to live a peaceable citizen of the county, they have hunted me like a wild beast and tried to kill me for my principles, and that were I again placed in similar circumstances I would do so I have done.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN W. BOYD,

First Lieutenant Co. I, Sixth Prov. Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia.

Captain LOVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 7-13, 1863.-Expedition from Fayetteville to Frog Bayou Ark., and skirmishes (9th) near Huntsville and (10th) near Kingston.

Report of Colonel M. La Rue Harrison, First Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

FAYETTEVILLE, ARK., November 13, 1863.

GENERAL: The following report of my late expedition in pursuit of the rebel Colonel Brooks is respectfully submitted:

On the morning of the 7th instant, I received an order from Brigadier-General McNeil, commanding District of the Frontier, a copy of which is herewith transmitted.

From the tenor of this letter 1 felt assured that General McNeil was

