
The Twenty-sixth Indiana and Thirty-seventh Illinois subsequently charged the same result.

Observing that the enemy had now thrown a large force upon my center and right, I directed the infantry of the First Division to enter the wood and engage them, which order was executed with promptness, Colonel [William] Weer leading the Tenth and Thirteenth Kansas Regiments of his brigade upon the right; a portion of the South Kansas (dismounted), under command of Captain S. J. Crewford; the right wing of the Eleventh Kansas, under Colonel [Thomas] Ewing, jr., and the First Indian, under Colonel [S. H.] Wattles, upon the left; the Twentieth Iowa Regiment advancing upon the left if the Indians, the left wing of the Eleventh Kansas, under Lieutenant-Colonel [T.] Moonlight, supporting Rabb's and [H.] Hopkins' batteries. The First Iowa, Tenth Illinois, Eighth Missouri, and the First Battalion of the Second Wisconsin Cavalry, under Colonel Wickersham, and the Third Wisconsin Cavalry, under Major Calkins, were directed to proceed to my extreme right to watch any flank movement of the enemy that might be attempted in that direction, and also to guard the road leading to Rhea's Mills, and prevent communication being cut off the First Brigade (General Solomon's).

The contest by this time (about 3 p. m.) had become vigorous and determined. The entire infantry of the three divisions, and also a portion of the Second Kansas (dismounted), were engaged in the wood with the rebel infantry, three times their number. The ratting of musketry, uninterrupted for fully three hours, was terrific. The contending armies swayed to and from, each alternately advancing and retiring. Some rebel sharpshooters, firing from the windows of a house situated in the edge of the wood and a little to my left, were evidently directing their compliments specially to myself and staff. I directed Captain Rabb to open upon it with shell, and in a few moments the to open upon it with shell, and in a few moments the house was in flames.

While the infantry was vigorously consenting every inch of ground, I directed Lieutenant [E. S.] Stover, with two 12-pounder mountain howitzers, to advance into the wood, which he promptly did, taking position on a little knoll on the right of the Eleventh Kansas, and directing his guns across a small field, where a heavy force of rebels were massed. He poured into them his canister and shell until his ammunition was exhausted and his horses shot down, being compelled to bring away his guns by hand. I then directed Lieutenant [M. D.] Tenney to advance his battery to the edge of the wood, on the left of the Eleventh Kansas, taking position about 200 yards in front of the rebel ranks. From his six 10-pounder Parrott guns he opened on them with terrible effect, driving them back with great slaughter.

Learning that a heavy force was massing on my right with a view of turning my flank, I immediately withdrew Tenney's battery, and proceeded with it to an open field on the right, at the same time directing the infantry to withdraw from the wood, in order to draw the enemy from under cover and within range of my artillery. On reaching the open field and their right, just alluded to, I discovered the entire division of General Frost advanced to the edge of the timber, and about 200 yards distant. They opened upon us a fierce fire from Enfield rifles, and were in the act of throwing down the fence to make an assault on the battery, which had no support except my own staff and body guard; but Lieutenant Tenney, with commendable promptness, wheeled his guns into position, when their destructive fire of canister and shell soon sent the rebel hordes back under cover of

