
not thoroughly informed as to whereabouts of Brooks or his strength. I had ascertained from reliable sources that on the 4th instant Brooks was encamped near Yellville, Marion County, Arkansas, on Crooked Creek, with 1,200 men, about 700 of whom were either poorly armed or wholly unarmed, and were conscripts from Northwestern Arkansas, in whom no dependence could he placed. The remaining 500, constituting the commands of Colonel Stirman and Captain Brown (commanding a battalion), were well armed, well drilled, well clothed, and efficient troops. (This account is perfectly corroborated by prisoners since captured.)

In pursuance of this information, I moved the mounted men of my command, an aggregate of 412 men, with two 12-pounder mountain howitzers, on the afternoon of the 7th instant, in the direction of Crooked Creek. On the evening of the 8th, I encamped near Huntsville, where I detached Company A, First Arkansas Cavalry, to move north on War Eagle River, in search of some bushwhackers, reported to be in that direction. On the morning of the 9th, while crossing a mountain 9 miles east of Huntsville, while waiting for my rear guard to come up with the train, I learned from citizens that Brooks left Yellville on the 7th, with his whole command; that he was moving in the direction of Huntsville; that he encamped at Osage, 12 miles east of me on the previous evening, and that he was to cross the mountain at 12 m. It being at 11.30 a. m., I immediately deployed my advance guard as skirmishers, were attacked by the enemy, and repulsed, though with a loss to the enemy of 1 killed, several wounded, and 1 lieutenant (William Mayes) captured (by Ensign Wilkes, Company L, First Arkansas Cavalry). Five rounds of spherical case from the howitzers and three rounds of Minie balls from our main line caused the enemy to retreat in great disorder across King's River, toward Carrollton. As soon as led horses and train could be brought up, I pursued. At dark he appeared to have divided his forces, and I was obliged to make camp. Before daybreak on the next morning, learning that his whole force had again concentrated in the direction of Kingston, I pursued, over a mountain road. At an hour after sunrise I found a and attacked him in camp, I mile below Kingston, routing and driving him from his breakfast in twenty-five minutes. Here I used five shells from the howitzers. Six miles south of this, on the Clarksville road, he was so hard pressed that he made a stand at the ascent of the mountain, and disputed our passage. My advance engaged him until the howitzers came up, when he again retreated southward. I again came up with him, 14 miles farther south, after sunset, where he made a stand at the descent of the mountain. It being quite dark before my main column could arrive and be deployed, and the enemy having again divided, a portion going toward Clarksville and a portion in an easterly direction, I made camp, and sent out parties to obtain information. After midnight I learned that he had again concentrated, and moved toward Scullyville. At noon of the 11th, I halted to feed horses and issue rations, neither men nor horses having eaten a mouthful for thirty hours. Arriving at the Morgan Buck place, 22 miles south of Fayetteville, I found that the enemy had moved all night; had fed horses there (the only time in 67 miles' travel), and had turned to the left, crossing Frog Bayou Mountain, and at 1 p. m. were moving at a rapid pace down Frog Bayou River, toward Therikyl's Ferry, on the Arkansas.

