
On the morning of the 12th, I detached Captain J. I. Worthington, with one howitzer and 136 men, composed of 53 of the Second Kansas Cavalry, and the remainder of the First Arkansas Cavalry, to pursue over the mountain to the river. All of my officers and men deserve praise for their gallant conduct and eagerness to engage the enemy. Captain Joseph S. Robb, First Arkansas Cavalry, who led the advance; Lieutenant [P.] Cosgrove, Second Kansas Cavalry, who, with his brave boys, charged the enemy at the bluff south of Kingston; Chaplain [R.] North, who encouraged the men by his presence and cheering words; Majors Fitch and [T. J.] Hunt, who were always where danger was thickest; Sergeant [W. R.] Wilks, Company L, First Arkansas Cavalry, who advanced from his own line to within 20 paces of the enemy, and captured Lieutenant Mayes in the thickest of the fight, and Private Hugh Cook, Company L, First Arkansas Cavalry, who stood his ground at Kingston deserve especial mention. I met with no loss during the scout, either in killed, wounded, or prisoners. I captured from the enemy 2 lieutenants and 15 enlisted men. His loss in killed and wounded is not known, and is variously reported by citizens. The hurry of the pursuit prevented the ascertaining of the facts. Five out of 7 Federal prisoners in the hands of Brooks escaped during his retreat.

November 16, 1863.- Major Ezra Fitch, First Arkansas Cavalry, returned this morning from pursuing Brooks to the mouth of Frog Bayou River, where he crossed his men in great hurry and confusion on the morning of November 12, before daybreak. Lieutenant Inks, commanding a detachment of Brown's command, which has been stationed in the neighborhood of Cane Hill for some time, crossed on the morning of the 14th near the mouth of Frog Bayou. Prisoners returned report the rebels much frightened and demoralized, and short of provisions, not having had any flour or bread for seven days previous to crossing the river; no meat for two and a half days, and no salt for more than a month; that they made no camp, and halted only twice to feed from the time they were first attacked, on the morning of the 9th, to the morning of the 12th, when they crossed the river. No organized band of rebels is known to be now in Northwestern Arkansas.

I remain, general, your most obedient servant,

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel First Arkansas Cavalry Volunteers, Commanding.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

[P. S.]- Brooks' command represented four regiments, and the following officers were known to have crossed with him: Colonel W. H. Brooks, commanding; Colonel Peel, Colonel Stirman, Lieutenant- Colonel Reynolds, Captain Brown, commanding battalion, and the notorious J. M. Ingraham.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., November 5, 1863.

Colonel M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Commanding at Fayetteville, Ark.:

COLONEL: You will, on receipt of this, move squadrons of your regiment to make an aggregate of from 200 to 250 men and your howitzer

