
retook 8 Union men whom the rebels held as prisoners, and some of whom they were about to hang.

From Mount Ida I marched on the direct road to this place, halting one night at Cedar Glades and one night at Cunningham's, the point where the Hot Springs, Danville, and Perryville roads intersect the Mount Ida and Little Rock road. Ten miles east of Cedar Glades my advance guard came upon a rebel company, charged them, killed 2, wounded others, and captured 30 horses and horse equipments and 20 guns.

In a mountain pass, 1 mile east of Cunningham's, bushwhackers, concealed behind rocks in the mountains, fired on the head of my column, and then fled rapidly over the mountains and escaped.

My casualties on the expedition were 3 men of the Fifth Missouri Volunteer Cavalry seriously wounded.

My line of march took me through the counties of Hot Springs, Clark, Pike, Polk, and Montgomery. My scouts, under the command and direction of Colonel Arnold, went into Hempstead and Sevier Counties.

The great majority of the inhabitants of the district of country through which I marched are soundly loyal. They occupy the mountainous districts in the counties named, and from the commencement of the rebellion they have never faltered in their devotion to the old flag.

Every conceivable means has been used to force these loyal men into the rebel service; they have been hung by scores; they have been hunted down with bloodhounds by the slaveholding rebels of Red River Valley; they have been robbed of their property, chained and imprisoned, yet amidst all this persecution and suffering these people stood out, and everywhere I went through their country they greeted my column with shouts of joy. There are several hundred more loyal men in the same region of country, but farther south, who are anxiously waiting for an opportunity to get out of the rebel lines and enlist in our service.

I cheerfully acknowledge my indebtedness to Colonel Arnold. His perfect knowledge of the country, intimate acquaintance with the people, energy and courage, enabled him, with the assistance of his men, to keep my constantly advised of the movements and position of the enemy.

My acting assistant adjutant-general, Lieutenant [W. T.] Hamilton, served me most ably and faithfully day and night, and officers and men, without a single exception, behaved admirably on the whole trip.

I subsisted my men, as far as practicable, on the country, and supplied myself liberally with forage, horses, and mules whenever wanted, but I was always careful to see that secessionists supplied me with these wants, and that they were taken in an orderly manner.

It is due to my command to say that not a single private house was entered by a soldier on the whole trip except for a legitimate purpose, under direction of a commissioned officer or upon invitation of the occupant, and not a cent's worth of property was taken which it was not legitimate or proper to take.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. CALDWELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

Lieutenant A. S. MONTGOMERY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Div., Little Rock.

