
NOVEMBER 10-18, 1863.- Expedition from Springfield, Mo., to Huntsville, Carrollton, and Berryville, Ark., and skirmishes.

Report of Major Austin A. King, Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST BATTALION SIXTH M. S. M. CAVALRY,Springfield, Mo., November 18, 1863.

GENERAL: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 231, Headquarters Southwestern District of Missouri, dated November 10, 1863, I left Springfield, in command of 200 men, Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry and Eleventh Missouri Volunteer Cavalry. Marched to Linden; thence southeast to Forsyth, where I left my train; thence south, across White River, to Carrollton, Ark., killing 1 guerrilla on the way and capturing 2 prisoners; thence I moved southwest to the vicinity of Huntsville, capturing 2 prisoners; thence north, in direction of Berryville, at which place I captured 2 prisoners; thence north to King's River. En route came upon a small band of guerrillas, killing 2, and wounding 1 citizen, who ran, and refused to stop when halted. Continued one squadron, under Lieutenant [C.] Finley, Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, that vicinity; he has not yet reported. With main command I moved up Flat Creek to its head; thence to this post.

From information obtained, I learned that Brooks had been on Rolling Prairie with about 600 men, but had crossed the mountains, and had likely gone south of the Arkansas River. The country is comparatively quiet; forage and subsistence very scarce. The disposition of all armed rebels appears to be to get south as fast as possible.

I had 1 man wounded (accidentally); sent him to Cassville. The prisoners I turned over to provost-marshal at this post, with descriptive rolls of same; horses I turned over to Lieutenant A. T. Baubie, regimental quartermaster Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, and obtained receipts for same. Marched eight days; distance, 200 miles.

Awaiting further orders, I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUSTIN A. KING, JR.,

Major Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, Commanding.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

NOVEMBER -, 1863.- Expedition into Arkansas, and skirmish.

Report of Brigadier General Colly B. Holland, Enrolled Missouri Militia.
HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD,North Fork, November 16, 1863.

GENERAL: I have just arrived here from a scout into Arkansas, having received information that there was a camp of rebels below Salem, and determined to break them up. I started with 400 men, and arriving near them, I learned they had moved up this way, and Colonel Love was concentrating for a move into Missouri. We met with small parties, killed 14 and have 6 prisoners, routing the remainder, who, I think, fell back to Calico Rock.

