
NOVEMBER 19, 1863.- Skirmish at Dr. Green's farm, near Lawrenceville, Ark.

Report of Colonel Jonathan Richmond, One hundred and twenty-sixth Illinois Infantry.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK., November 20, 1863.

SIR: Major [W. J.] Teed, in command of Eighth Missouri Cavalry detachment, has just returned from a scout to Lawrenceville. He reports that he attacked Major Cocke's forces, 8 miles west of Lawrenceville, on the farm of Dr. Green, on yesterday morning, about 7 o'clock, killing 4 men, who were left on the field, and took 1 prisoner. Citizens report Major Cocke killed; also Lieutenant McBride, but the major cannot vouch for its being correct. He also brought in Lieutenant Sutton, of Captain Edmonson's company. One horse killed was the only loss we sustained. Captured and destroyed cooking utensils, provender, &amp;c.

J. RICHMOND,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant GEORGE O. SOKALSKI,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 21, 1863.- Affair at Jacksonport, Ark.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Lieutenant Colonel Thomas G. Black, Third Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 2.- Major John A. Lennon, Third Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas G. Black, Third Missouri Cavalry.

JACKSONPORT, ARK., November 26, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the arrival of my command at this point, on the 21st instant:

Upon my arrival at Austin, I found that Captain [C. E.] Berry, commanding a squad of Arkansians, had left with his command. I encamped 4 miles north of Austin. The next morning I sent forward an order to Captain Berry to halt until I came up; but he had started early, and was not overtaken until he had encountered the enemy some 6 miles in my advance. He was fired upon from an ambush, wounding 6 of his men and 1 citizen. Captain Berry retreated until he met my advance, which immediately charged the rebels, killing 3 and wounding several.

I moved on to Bayou Arc, where I found them posted in brush and high weeds, on the north side of the brigade (the only crossing). Up to this time I was unable to get any correct information of their numbers. I therefore threw a few shell into the brush, which started them from their ambush. I immediately crossed my men over and pursued them; they scattered through the brush in all directions, General McRae, with a squad, going through the woods in an easterly direction. I pursued them until dark, and went into camp near Searcy.

