
November 19, learning that McRae had crossed White River below the mouth of Red River, I resumed the march.

[November] 21, I sent a battalion forward, under Major Lennon, to secure the boat at this place. There were 100 rebels, under Shaver, encamped near here; some of them in town.

Upon the arrival of our men on the opposite bank, the rebels fired at them and made a rush for the ferry-boat, which was upon the Jacksonport side, but the fire of our men being too hot for them, they fell back under cover of the houses. Sergeant [J. J.] Hiles and Corporal [J. H.] Yeldell, of Company C, Third Missouri Volunteer Cavalry, volunteered to cross in a yawl and row the ferry-boat over, which they did, under the enemy's fire. The boat was immediately loaded with men and crossed, and the enemy driven out of town, wounding 3 of them, as I have since learned. One battalion was crossed that evening. Repairs being necessary to the ferry, I did not cross the remainder of the command until next day (22nd).

Much credit is due Major [J. A.] Lennon for the energetic manner in which he conducted the crossing under the enemy's fire. Sergeant Hiles and Corporal Yeldell are entitled to the highest praise for their noble daring in crossing the river in the face of whizzing bullets.

There are a great many squads of rebels in the country, who have committed many depredations, to the annoyance of the citizens. I have not bee able to learn anything of the whereabouts of McRae, except that he crossed to the east side of White River. In the skirmish with McRae we captured 6 of his men and 12 horses. I have also captured three caissons for 12-pounder guns (new), and am informed that the guns are secreted near here. A small stock of goods was also captured, mostly boots and shoes.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, yours,

T. G. BLACK,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Missouri Cavalry, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant GEORGE O. SOKALSKI,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Major John A. Lennon, Third Missouri Cavalry.
HDQRS. THIRD MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS CAVALRY,Jacksonport, Ark., November 26, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders received from you, 11 miles southwest of this place, on the 21st instant, I started for this place to prevent the destruction of the ferry by the rebels, with Squadrons C and E, Captain [J.] Kirkpatrick commanding, Company C being in the advance. When within three-quarters of a mile from the ferry, the advance took the trot, the rear keeping at its proper distance. When within about a quarter of a mile, we took the gallop. Captain Kirkpatrick, being in the advance, discovered a man under the opposite bank of the river in a canoe, which he promptly ordered to this side. I dismounted the men, and placed them in skirmishing order, when commenced a random firing with the enemy on the opposite bank. I then called for volunteers to man the canoe, to go to the opposite bank of the river and bring over the ferry. Sergeant Hiles, of Company C, stepped forward

