
promptly and said he would go. When he started, I found that his companion in the canoe was Corporal Yeldell, of the same company. They performed their duty with coolness and a great deal of skill, for which I desire to tender them my thanks. As soon as the ferry touched our side of the river, Captain Kirkpatrick, with Company C and a small portion of Company E, jumped aboard and made for the opposite shore. Feeling that my rear was safe, the next load I sent Lieutenant [C. M] Coan with the remainder of Company E, except a few to take care of the horses. The command was crossed just in the nick of time to prevent our passage across the river. As soon as they saw the array of blue-coasts presented to their view, they skedaddled for very life. The officers and men all performed their duty nobly. For one, I believe that the Government has no better fighting material than the Third Missouri Volunteer Cavalry.

Hoping that the next time we find the enemy he will fight before he runs, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. LENNON,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant Colonel T. G. BLACK,

Third Missouri Cavalry, Commanding Post.

P. S.- If our men would just quit jayhawking, I believe that I could clean out the rebels of Arkansas with them.

NOVEMBER 23-29, 1863.- Scouts from Houston, Mo.

Report of Captain Richard Murphy, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIFTH MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAVALRY,Houston, Mo., November 30, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following as my report, required by General Orders, Numbers 28, from Headquarters District of Rolla, for the week ending November 29, 1863:

On the 23rd instant, I sent out a scout of 7 men, under command of Sergeant Basket, Company I, Sixth Enrolled Missouri Militia, to pursue some rebels who had the previous day captured 2 of my men (a report of which has been sent in). The scout pursued them some 30 mils in a southwest direction, but, finding they were far behind, they abandoned the chase and returned to camp, having been out two days.

On the 24th, while two of my men were riding about 4 miles from camp, they were met by what they supposed to be three Federal soldiers, as they were dressed in Federal uniform, and one of them wore an officer's uniform. When they were just in the act of passing, however, the three men drew their revolvers and ordered them to surrender, which, owing to the surprise and the disadvantage under which they labored, they were compelled to do. They were taken to the brush, deprived of their horses and equipments, arms, and clothing, with the exception of their under-clothing, after which they were sworn, and allowed to return to camp. Immediately upon learning of the circumstances, I sent out two scouts of 10 men each, under the respective commands of Lieutenant [William C.] Bangs, of Company D, and Sergeant [T. J.] McDowell, Company B, with instructions to scout the country in every direction for 20 miles around this post, and ascertain, if possible, the hiding-places of the bushwhackers.

