
The scout under Lieutenant Bangs returned yesterday, having traversed the country for 20 miles in a south-southeast and southwest direction, without having ascertained anything of their whereabouts or secret hiding-places.

The scout under Sergeant McDowell discovered, about 12 miles northeast from this place, a trail of six horses, and it appearing fresh they immediately commenced pursuit. After following it some 8 miles in the direction of Big Piney, they suddenly came upon three bushwhackers, at the house of one Blankenship. Upon discovering the approach of my men, two of the rebels succeeded in mounting their horses and making good their escape. The third (Blankenship) not having time to mount, took to the brush on foot, hotly pursued by two of the sergeant's party. Before reaching the brush he came within range of the pursuers, and two shots were fired at him, both of which took effect in the body. He succeeded, however, in reaching the wood, and, taking advantage of the trees, managed to protect himself for some time. While in this position he raised his rifle, which he had carried throughout, and, taking deliberate aim, fired, mortally wounding Henry J. Rennison, private of Company B. The next instant a volley was fired at him from the remainder of the sergeant's party, who had arrived, and Blankenship fell, pierced by at least twelve balls, either of which would have proved fatal. The wounded soldier was conveyed to the residence of Mr. Bradford, near Licking, and died the next day while being conveyed in the ambulance to this post, where he could receive medical treatment.

The scout is still out, and since then has not been heard from.

Lieutenant S. A. Franklin returned yesterday from Rolla, whither he had gone on escort with 20 men of Company D, having been out seven days. Nothing of importance transpired during the trip.

I also sent out a scout of 8 men under command of Sergeant [H.] Heinze, Company G, on the 26th instant. They found, about 12 miles west from Houston, a trail of some seven horses, and, upon inquiry at a house, they were informed that the trail was made by three persons with four led horses and that they were about an hour behind them. They commenced pursuit, but their progress was very slow, owing to the mode of travel of the rebels. They followed to Mountain Store, where they lost the trail entirely, and, giving up the chase, returned to camp yesterday.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD MURPHY,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain J. LOVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER -, 1863.- Scout from Neosho to Shoal and Turkey Creeks, Mo.

Report of Captain Milton Burch, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Neosho, November 29, 1863.

SIR: For the information of the commanding general, I report the success of a scout taken by me with 20 men to Jasper County. Having learned, a few days previous to my starting out, of 10 or 15 bushwhackers harboring on Turkey Creek, in Jasper County, about 20 miles from this

