
having been brought into action. The enemy's force, according to their own admission, was 28,000, and all well armed, mostly with the Enfield rifle.

Many instances of individual gallantry and daring occurred during the day, for an account of which I refer you to the reports of regimental, brigade, and division commanders. As the immediate commander of the First Division, I deem it but justice to say of Colonel William Weer, commanding the Second Brigade, that he behaved throughout with great gallantry, leading his men into the thickets of the fight. The same is true of Colonel [T. M.] Bowen and Major H. H. Williams, commanding regiments in the same brigade. Captain S. J. Crawford, of the Second Kansas Cavalry, who commanded a battalion of that regiment that fought on foot, displayed great gallantry, as did also the lamented Captain A. P. Russell, who fell, mortally wounded. Colonel Thomas Ewing, Lieutenant-Colonel Moonlight, and Major Plumb, of the Eleventh Kansas, gave evidence of their high qualities as gallant officers. To Captains Rabb and Hopkins and Lieutenants Tenney and Stover, who served their artillery with such terrible and destructive effect upon the enemy's ranks, too much praise cannot be awarded. All did their duty well and nobly. Men of Kansas, Missouri, Iowa, Wisconsin, Illinois, and Indiana mingled their blood upon the same field, and for the same worthy cause. For their deeds of valor upon the field of Prairie Grove, their native States may well be proud of them.

I cannot close this report without availing myself of the occasion to express my thanks to Brigadier General F. J. Herron for the promptness with which he responded to my order to re-enforce me, as also for the gallantry displayed by him upon the field. His conduct is worthy of emulation and deserving of the highest praise.

To the members of my staff, Major V. P. Van Antwerp, inspector-general; Captain Oliver Barber, chief commissary; Captain Lyman Scott, jr., acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieuts. J. Fin. Hill, H. G. Loring, G. M. Waught, D. Whittaker, and C. H. Haynes, aides-de-camp, who were in the saddle, and with me constantly from before daylight in the morning until the close of the action after dark, I am indebted for efficient and valuable services on the field. Made a special target by the rebel troops, in obedience to the notorious address of their commander (General Hindman), issued on the eye of battle, and a printed copy of which, over his signature, each of them carried upon his person, "to shoot down my mounted officers," they were saluted wherever they rode by a perfect storm of balls from the enemy's guns.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HDQRS. First CORPS, TRANS-MISS. ARMY, December 9, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES G. BLUNT,

Commanding U. S. Forces in the Field:

GENERAL: I send, in charge of Colonel O'Kane, C. S. Army, who bears this flag, the medicines and hospital stores and one of the ambulances, captured by my troops in the engagement of the 7th instant. The other ambulance was broken down and left on the roadside.

