
Left Mount Ida at 8 a. m. on the 4th instant, with 200 men (having sent Lieutenant Mitchell with 30 men back to Waldron), and proceed to Caddo Gap, 20 miles, where I halted, and sent out Captain [A.] Gunther with 30 men 11 miles southeast, to the crossing of Caddo, on the Arkadelphia road; Lieutenant [W. P.] Phillips with 20 men 10 miles south by east on the Murfreesborough road, and Lieutenant [E. S.] Stover with 17 men 10 miles south on the Washington road, all of whom returned that night. Captain Gunther brought in 3 prisoners (Confederate soldiers). Lieutenant Phillips reported nothing worthy of note. Lieutenant Stover met with a party of 19 men, under Lieutenant John Ranson; charged the party, killed 2, and took 4 prisoners (Confederate soldiers). While at Caddo Gap I took 2 prisoners, 1 Confederate soldier and 1 citizen. Left Caddo Gap at 5 a. m., 5th instant, and proceeded up the south side of Caddo to its head, crossed over the dividing ridge to the head of Big Fork, and followed down that creek to Ouachita, and bivouacked, having traveled 36 miles. Started next morning and proceeded, in northwesterly direction, to the Waldron and Dallas road (known as the Red River road), 10 miles from Dallas, from which point I sent Captain Gunther and Lieutenant Stover into Dallas, with 63 men. Fourche la Fave, bivouacked, having traveled 30 miles. Captain Gunther reported from his scout at 8 p. m., having been into and around the town of Dallas, at which place he captured 2 prisoners (Confederate soldiers). On the morning of the 7th started at 7 o'clock, and arrived at this place at 1 p. m., a distance of 20 miles. Whole distance traveled since leaving Waldron, 156 miles.

From prisoners taken, and from citizens, I learned that Marmaduke was encamped between Arkadelphia and Murfreesborough, his main camp being 12 miles from the former place. It was rumored that he was about to move up to within 6 miles of Arkadelphia. He had three pieces of artillery in Murfreesborough, and expected that place would be attacked by our forces. He had no large scout out very far northward. His forces were estimated generally at 6,000. The latest information I had direct from him was up to Wednesday morning, 2nd instant. Major Wood was encamped with about 300 men near a cotton factory, 2 miles northwest from Murfreesborough, guarding the factory, and preparing to take out the machinery. The latest information I had from him was up to Wednesday evening, 2nd instant.

Cabell's brigade was encamped south of Arkadelphia, under command of Colonel Monroe. Cabell had gone to Texas.

Price was in command between Washington and Camden. Parsons' brigade was 20 miles from Camden. It was rumored in his camp that Price was going to move across the river to Princeton, in Dallas County, toward Pine Bluff. The infantry, however, were building cabins, as if for winter quarters; whether by order from headquarters or not was unknown. The latest direct information from Price was up to the 30th instant. Shelby was south of Washington; I have no very definite information concerning him. Brooks was 7 miles south of Centre Point, expecting to go still further south. The latest direct information from him was up to Wednesday, the 2nd instant. Cooper was at Boggy Depot with a small force. His command, considerably scattered, intends moving across Red River, if pushed. Bankhead's command is at Shawneetown, 30 miles below Doaksville, and now commanded by Colonel GaNumbers Bankhead has gone to Texas (to the coast). Steele is at Doaksville, or in that vicinity. He has under his command thirteen pieces of artillery, three of which are mountain howitzers. My information from

