
DECEMBER 16, 1863.- Demonstration on Fort Gibson, Ind. T.

Abstract from "Record of Events," District of the Frontier.*

December 16, the rebels, under Colonels Stand Watie, Adair, and Quantrill, moved to attack Fort Gibson, but fell back as troops moved out of the post. Federal loss, 2 men killed and wounded. Rebel loss, killed and wounded, 5.

DECEMBER 16-31, 1863.- Scout from Fayetteville, Ark., including skirmishes (23rd) at Stroud's Store and (25th) on Buffalo River.+

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General John B. Sanborn, U. S. Army, commanding District of Southwestern Missouri.

Numbers 2.- Captain John I. Worthington, First Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General John B. Sanborn, U. S. Army, commanding District of Southwestern Missouri.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., January 3, 1863.

MAJOR: The force of the First Arkansas that left Fayetteville on the 15th ultimo has returned, after marching through Carroll, Marion, Searcy, and Madison Counties. Captain Worthington, in command, reports that he had skirmishing nearly every day and hard fighting on the 23rd, 24th, and 25th. On the two first days the enemy numbered about 200, and were routed in confusion. On the 25th they were re-enforced by 800 men, and fought in Searcy County, on

Richland Creek, with great determination, charging his howitzers and losing 30 men killed, and the usual proportion of wounded. After these affairs the force came back to Fayetteville, bringing all material except 2 wagons, left on account of the roads. Our loss is 7 killed and 8 wounded; 1 officer wounded. I think this rebel force is Colonel Love's. I will endeavor to dispose of this force in a few days, if the weather is such that I can move troops. Our force at Neosho has had quite a success in destroying bands of rebels. Full report will be sent forward in due time.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General.

Major OLIVER D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE SOUTHWESTERN MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., January 16, 1864.

MAJOR: A detachment of the Second Arkansas Cavalry, of 40 men, was in Searcy County on the 25th ultimo, and within 10 miles of Captain Worthington's command during its engagement on that day, but could not join him. On the following day this scout had an affair with the

---------------

*From return for month of December, 1863.

+See also Appendix, p. 913.

---------------

