
rebels at the county seat (Barronsville), at which 6 rebels were killed, among them Captain Wright, and 4 wounded, and 16 taken prisoners, First Lieutenant Hensley being one of them.

Our loss in this affair none.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major OLIVER D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain John I. Worthington, First Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

FAYETTEVILLE, ARK., January 8, 1864.

MAJOR: Acting under orders from Colonel Harrison, commanding troops in the field, I marched, on the 16th day of December, 1863, with 112 men of the First Arkansas Cavalry and one gun of the howitzer battery attached to the regiment. My orders required me to scout the counties of Carroll, Marion, and Searcy. I reached Carrollton (county seat of Carroll County) on the 19th, after skirmishing slightly with a few bushwhackers. On the 22nd we marched to Stroud's Store, having dispersed and broken up all the small bands of the enemy that infested Carroll County, killing 11 men and losing 2, who were wounded; neither dangerously. On the 23rd, at daybreak, we resumed our march in the direction of Yellville, and had not proceeded more than a quarter of a mile when our advance was fired upon, and we soon after encountered a rebel force of 200 or 300 men, under command of Captain marshall. Dismounting 75 men, I attacked, routed, and pursued him through the brush about 5 miles, driving him from every position, and scattering his men in every direction. On the 24th, the enemy were constantly in sight, but kept out of range. On the 25th, while encamped on Buffalo River, in Searcy County, advanced again upon us, driving in two parties that from Izard County, advanced again upon us, driving in two parties that I had out foraging and to gain information of the movements of the enemy. In this affair we lost 4 men killed and 4 wounded, making our total loss to this date 10 men killed and wounded. At 3 p. m. I received a flag of truce from the enemy, asking a suspension of hostilities until daylight next morning, for the purpose of burying the dead and taking care of the wounded and exchanging prisoners. My wounded men having fallen into the enemy's hands, this I refused; but granted a truce of one and a half hours, and then sent and brought the wounded into camp, and buried the dead. I learned from the enemy that they had lost during the day 9 killed and 5 wounded. Finding that Major Gunning, with his own force and Marshall's men, was encamped with a mile below my camp, while Colonel Freeman's command was about 2 1/2 miles above, and intending to attack me at daybreak the next morning, I immediately determined to assume the offensive, and attacked Major Gunning about 8 o'clock at night, and, after fighting ten or fifteen minutes, routed him, with a loss of 14 milled and between 30 and 40 wounded. The whole rebel force, as I have since learned, fell back during that night and the next day to Clapper's Mill, in Carroll County. We then returned without any further interruption, by way of Newton County, Arkansas, to this place, which we reached on the 31st of day of December,

