
killed and 25 wounded, besides a large number of horses killed and disabled.

The conduct of our officers and men during the engagement was in the highest degree commendable. In particular I must be allowed to acknowledge the valuable services of Lieutenant Parsons, Company E, Third Indian Regiment, whose fearless demeanor and spirited conduct animated and encouraged our men, and tended greatly to secure our success. Lieutenant [William] Roberts, First Indian, upon whom the command of the First Indian devolved after Captain Willets was wounded; Captains [B.] Gritts and Ahleechar, Second Indian, and lieutenant [I.] Turner, Third Indian, all did their duty bravely and well.

The gun detail, belonging to Company L, Third Indian, under command of Sergeant Hendricks, are also entitled to credit for the coolness and skill they displayed.

As my instructions were to proceed with all possible dispatch to re-enforce Major Foreman, at Rhea's Mill, I resumed the march as soon as satisfied that the enemy had no intention of returning.

Surg. [A. J.] Ritchie, Second Indian Regiment, who was in attendance upon the wounded, deemed it advisable to leave them at Roach's house, 4 miles from the scene of the engagement, which was accordingly done. I went into camp at Duncan's place about sundown, having accomplished a march of about 18 miles. The next morning we were again in motion at daylight, and, without further hinderance or incident worthy of note, joined Major Foreman, at Rhea's Mills, that evening.

In confusion, I must be allowed to compliment the soldiers of my command upon their constancy and endurance in accomplishing, without murmur or complaint, this difficult march, in weather at times bitterly cold, and all the while scantily supplied with food.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. SPILMAN,

Captain Company B, Third Indian Regiment, Commanding Detachment.

Colonel WILLIAM A. PHILLIPS,

Commanding First Brigade, Army of the Frontier.

DECEMBER 23-25, 1863.- Attack on Centreville, Mo., and pursuit of the Confederates, including skirmish (25th) at Pulliam's.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Major Oliver D. Greene, Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.- Major James Wilson, Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major Oliver D. Greene, Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, December 28, 1863.

GENERAL: An entire company of the Third Missouri State Militia was captured at Centreville, Reynolds County, be guerrillas, under Reves, on the 23rd instant. Major Wilson, of the Third Missouri State Militia, followed the party, and, at 3 p. m. Christmas duty, he overtook

