
DECEMBER 26-28, 1863.- Scout from Salem, Mo.

Report of Captain Levi E. Whybark, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

SALEM, MO., January 3, 1863 [1864].

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders received from Headquarters District of Rolla, I have the honor to transmit to you the following report of scouts and escorts:

On the 26th instant [ultimo], I sent Lieutenant C. Ringer and 10 men of Company C, and 1 corporal and 10 men of Company M, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, on a scout on Current River. They proceeded down Gladden Valley, but gained no information of any bushwhackers. When they struck Current River they came across a small band of bushwhackers, 8 or 10 in number, firing on them, killing 3, and the remainder escaped. The men killed were Eli Louis, Sam. Louis, and Bill Boyce. Captured all their plunder and some 6 or 7 horses. These were the men who had robbed and shot old man Wasson a few days previous.

They then proceeded up the river to Big Creek, and scouted the country thoroughly; then returned to camp, on the 28th instant [ultimo].

* * * * *

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. E. WHYBARK,

Captain, Commanding Detachment, Salem, Mo.

Captain J. LOVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 26, 1863.- JANUARY 2, 1864.- Scout from Forsyth, Mo., to Batesville, Ark.

Report of Captain James J. Akard, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., January 11, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submitting to you the following report of my trip from Forsyth, Mo., to Batesville, Ark., and back to Springfield, Mo.:

I left Forsyth, Mo., the 26th of December, 1863, for Batesville, Ark., with dispatch, with 93 men. I traveled north of White River. The first day and a half travel I found no forage, which was about 45 miles from Forsyth. After that I found plenty on down to Batesville. I captured 9 prisoners and 19 head of horses, which I turned over to the provost-marshal at Batesville; killed 2 going down. Arrived at Batesville on the 29th of December, 1863, and left on the 30th en route to Springfield, Mo., with Lieutenant-Colonel [William] Baumer, First Nebraska Cavalry, and 200 men. Remained and scouted with them until the morning of the 2nd of January, 1864, when we separated. I marched for Springfield. On my way I captured 8 prisoners and killed 2. Turned over at Springfield, Mo., 8 prisoners and 4 horses. As I went down I traveled through Mountain Home, Ark., and passed near Calico Rock, Ark., where Colonel Freeman's headquarters were said to be at that time; from there down through Wild Haws. Came back through Salem,

