
boats were all otherwise engaged. The attack on the Old post should have transpired before this time.

The Army of the Frontier has been divided, and General Schofield is here recruiting his impaired health. General Blunt is near Fayetteville, his outposts being in the Indian Territory and at Elkhorn Tavern. General Brown, with most of the Missouri troops, is in command of the District of Southwestern Missouri. General Herron command the main force near Ozark, Mo., occupying and scouting the country south of that region. The rebels have recommenced the manufacture of saltpeter near Yellville, and I have directed a cavalry company to go and effectually destroy it and the surrounding buildings.

I halted the main force near Ozark because the enemy some days since moved toward General Blunt in formidable force; but he fell back, and I only wait to know how far back, in order to make further use of the force under General Herron.

General Davidson has command of forces in front of Pilot Knob, and is arranging bridges so as to make it convenient to unite with the forces of Herron, and, if occasion offers, strike down on to the waters of Black and White Rivers, so as to co-operate with movements from Helena.

Except some bands in Jackson and adjacent counties, the rebels seem to have gone south, surrendered, or returned to their homes, apparently tired of bushwhacking.

The election in this State went off without a particle of strife between soldiers and citizens, except, if you please, in Saint Joseph, where the enrolled militia assailed enrolled sympathizers or rebels. My orders were that soldiers should only interpose in case of actual riot. The result of the election is also an important demonstration, showing the loyalty of the people and their hatred of rebellion. The most radical candidates, taking the boldest stand in favor of the Government, have been generally elected over men who only sought to run on conservative Union grounds. The folly of trying to make Missouri a rebel State is thus clearly exposed, and this result will also speak for other border States similarly situated, such as Arkansas, when we fairly get possession of the mouths of her great rivers, and hold them.

Other parts of my department are quite, and I am only seeking to regulate their careful and economical administration. With further assurance of my increasing efforts to carry out the wishes and aims of my commanding general, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIV., SOUTHWESTERN DIST. OF MISSOURI,Springfield, November 24, 1862.

Major H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

A spy from south of Carrollton, Ark., reached here this morning, and reports that Price has superseded Holmes in command of the enemy's forces in Arkansas, and is massing his troops on Big Mulberry for a movement into Missouri. It is country rumor, but may be in part true. Numbers of small bodies of the guerrillas crossed Osage River above Taberville on Thursday, and have appeared in some force in Newton County. Colonel Philips, Seventh Regiment Missouri State Militia, commanding at Newtonia, reports that they become so strong that additional force is necessary to hold them in check.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

