
SPRINGFIELD, November 24, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Saint Louis:

The time of service of the Enrolled Missouri Militia expired on the 20th. The county is overrun with guerrillas, and to disarm the people at present would leave them and their families at the mercy of these hordes of robbers. No order has yet been made from State headquarters to continue the service. I respectfully urge immediate action. Philips* has asked for re-enforcements. General Herron has sent him 500 men. The commanding officer at Bowers' Mills reports large bands in his vicinity, and fears he will be forced to abandon the position. From that and all portions of the western portion of the district the robbers have become very bold, shooting our soldiers and Union men, and driving their families from their homes.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Camp Babcock, Ark., November 24, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Frontier:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that Lieutenant-Colonel Jewell, with a detachment of 600 men, sent on reconnaissance in direction of Van Buren and Fort Smith, returned last night. He met the enemy's pickets 15 miles this side of Van Buren, who retreated at his approach. Learning that a large force was at Van Buren, he deemed it prudent to proceed no farther, and returned. Information obtained from various sources, which I deem quite reliable, is that Hindman's, Marmaduke's, Cooper's, and Stand Watie's forces are at Van Buren and Fort Smith. Their entire force is estimated as high as 30,000, but I am quite sure it does not exceed 15,000 effective men, and probably not over 12,000. If a small re-enforcement could be sent me, to enable me to leave a small force in the vicinity of Evansville, to protect my rear and line of communication from any flank movement that might be made by any small rebel force sent by some other route than the one upon which my column would move, I would not hesitate to attack them on the other side of the mountains, and do not doubt of my ability to occupy and hold Van Buren and Fort Smith, provided General Steele occupies the attention of General Holmes, so that re-enforcements cannot be sent from Little Rock.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MINN.,

November 24, 1862-12.20 p. m.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Official information has reached me from the officer in charge of the condemned Indians that organizations of inhabitants are being rapidly made with the purpose of massacring these Indians. He has been

---------------

*At Newtonia, Mo.

---------------

