
obliged in consequence to concentrate a considerable force for the their protection, and during the cold weather it is impracticable to protect so large a body of troops and Indians from the weather. I trust that your decision and orders in the case will be transmitted as soon as practicable, as humanity to both the troops and Indians requires an immediate disposition of the case. I apprehend serious trouble with the people of this State, who are much exasperated against the criminal Indians.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., November 25, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

General Warren, commanding at Hartville, telegraphs that a train of 47 wagons was attacked by rebels and destroyed between Houston and Hartville, and 5 men killed. Have ordered cavalry pursuit. Expedition against Arkansas postponed. Low water in White River the cause of too much delay.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General, Commanding.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Hartville, Mo., November 26, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Burbridge, Mitchell, and Greene are on the North Fork of White River, with 3,000 men, cavalry, infantry, and artillery (two pieces). They are 35 miles from here. I can take care of myself at Hartville and Houston, but cannot follow them; they are all after trains. Saved 22 wagons, losing only 25. Colonel Pile's arrival at Houston barely saved it from capture.

FITZ HENRY WARREN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF ELKHORN TAVERN,November 26, 1862.

Brigadier General F. J. HERRON,

Commanding Second and Third Divisions, Army of the Frontier:

A scout just in, who left Cane Hill, yesterday afternoon about 4 o'clock, reports at that point between 4,000 and 5,000 cavalry. He left Van Buren the night before, and while there had an interview with General Parsons. Parsons told him that it was the intention of the army to go into Missouri immediately. He heard Parsons say that the infantry and artillery would cross to this side of the Arkansas River the next day, and when at Cane Hill he heard they were crossing. My informant, when at Van Buren, crossed the river and went into the artillery and infantry camps. The infantry were armed promiscuously without shotguns, rifles, and knives. He saw a large number of

