
men parching corn and barreling it up, likewise baking bread, and understood that thirty days' rations were being prepared.

The river was navigable, and he saw steamboats arriving at Van Buren from below.

There is a telegraph in operation from Fort Smith to Little Rock.

A. W. BISHOP,

Lieutenant Colonel First Arkansas Cav., Commanding At Elkhorn Tavern.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Camp Babcock, Ark., November 26, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Frontier:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that General Marmaduke, with his entire command, followed about twenty-four hours in the rear of Lieutenant-Colonel Jewell on his return from reconnaissance in direction of Van Buren. He is now encamped at Cane Hill, 7,000 or 8,000 strong. A detachment sent from my command attacked a large reconnoitering party of the enemy yesterday and scattered them. Spies from their camp this morning informed me that General Hindman, with a large force of infantry, is expected to join them, when they will make an attempt to get north into Missouri. My supply train arrived this evening all right. I shall move on Marmaduke to-morrow morning, leaving my transportation at this point, with a small guard. Shall strike him next morning at daylight, unless he runs. Hope to destroy him before he can be re-enforced by Hindman. Distance to Cane Hill, 30 miles. Can you not send a cavalry force to Pineville or Neosho to protect my supply trains, as detachments of the enemy, in considerable force, are handing in my rear, for the purpose of capturing or annoying them?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., ARMY OF FRONTIER, Numbers 17. Camp Babcock, Ark., November 26, 1862.

In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 11, dated Headquarters Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo., November 2, 1862, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the District of Kansas, headquarters at Fort Leavenworth, Kans.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,McCullough's Spring, Mo., November 27, 1862.

Captain WILLIAM HYDE CLARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd and 3rd Divs., Moody Spring, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, for the brigadier-general commanding Second and Third Division, that the troops sent under Captain Brawner, Seventh Missouri Cavalry, to re-enforce Colonel Philips' command at Newtonia, have returned to this division.

