
This was at the house of Jeans. Colonel Penick's command, which was in advance, marched up in range of their guns, and the commands of Colonels McFerran, Neill, and Lieutenant-Colonel Black formed in the rear. An officer was then sent forward with a written demand of the person in command to know by what authority he was there, and requiring to see the orders under which he acted. The orders under which he claimed to be in Missouri, and under which he claimed the right to confiscate the property of rebels (citizens of Missouri), are herewith sent, marked A; after seeing which, I addressed to Colonel Adams the note marked B; to which his note, marked C, is the reply, to which I answered that my demand to have the negroes turned out of his camp must be complied with. This note is marked D, and received for answer his note marked E, desiring a personal interview, which was at once granted, at my headquarters, in the house of Mr. Jeans. In that conversation I explained to Colonel Adams the great irregularity and impropriety of his course in thus invading our State, not only, as I conceived, without authority, but in direct violation of his orders from General Blunt. I also endeavored the explain to him the peculiar situation of most of the counties of Missouri, in which large assessments had been made on the property of disloyal citizens, for the murder of loyal men, and for the support of the families of such militiamen as were in circumstances of destitution, and that these assessments could never be collected if whole regiments from Kansas were permitted to come in and plunder our country at pleasure. Before leaving my quarters, I arrested Colonel Adams, and required him to report at Saint Louis to General Curtis on the 15th of December. Night coming on, our several commands had been dispersed through the neighborhood for the purpose of procuring quarters, and I retired, supposing that, in accordance with the promise of Colonel Adams, the property would be promptly turned over in the morning; but, instead of doing so, at an early hour the command was on the march, taking with them all the property, except about 20 horses, which they had turned over.

So soon as it was apparent that they intended acting in bad faith, I commanded Colonel Penick to form his men (who had moved up the road to the west the night before) directly across the road, and plant his gun so as to prevent their passing him, and at the same time orders were given to Colones McFerran, Neill, and Black to put their several commands in motion and pursue them. I at the same time sent forward an officer to communicate this determination to Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes, then in command, with orders at once to turn the negroes out of his lines, and to deliver over to Captain Little, of Colonel McFerran's regiment, all the horses and mules, oxen, wagons, &amp;c., which he had taken from the citizens of Missouri. Seeing that our purpose was to enforce this order, he reluctantly complied with it. About 40 negroes, mostly children, were turned out; about 100 horses, 6 or 8 ox-teams and wagons, some 2-horse teams and wagons, all of which were loaded heavily with every imaginable variety of plunder - farther beds, bedding, clothing of every description, household and kitchen furniture, cooking-stoves, pots, pans, saddles, and harness, and, in short, everything which could be picked up in a community of wealthy farmers. After the stock was turned in, I arrested Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes also; and as their major was already arrested, by command of the lieutenant-colonel, the command of the Twelfth Kansas devolved on the senior captain. I instructed Colonel Penick with his command to escort them beyond the limits of the State, and to report that fact and the manner in which it was done at these headquarters.

