
After marching the command with the captured property some 6 or 8 miles in the direction of Lexington, I appointed a committee of four responsible and respectable gentlemen of the neighborhood to take charge of the property, and, on satisfactory proof of ownership, to restore it to the various persons from whom it had been taken, and report to me in Lexington after it had been distributed. The march was then resumed, and the command reached this post at 8 p. m. on the 27th.

I cannot close this report without earnestly calling the attention of the Governor to the fact that if these raids from Kansas on the people of Missouri are to continue we shall work in vain for a return of peace and prosperity to our State. The bitterness and strife which are engendered thereby cannot fail to blaze out on every occasion which shall present itself, and to keep up a continual state of war - a war, too, of the most unrelenting and pitiless character.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

RICH'D C. VAUGHAN,

Brigadier-General, Sixth Military District of Missouri.

[Inclosure A.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KANSAS,In the Field, October 9, 1862.

Colonel C. W. ADAMS,

Commanding Twelfth Regiment Kansas Volunteers:

SIR: Immediately on receipt of this you are directed to dispose the force under your command so as to cover the eastern border of the State, from the Kansas to the Osage River. It is confidently believed that you can, by a system of patrols and signals, prevent the ingress of bands of Missouri guerrillas, who have heretofore been devastating that portion of the State, and by activity and courage drive them from their hiding places in the border counties of Missouri. You will carefully instruct your men that the persons, property, and rights of the people of Kansas and the loyal people of Missouri should be held sacred, and any infractions should be promptly and severely punished. Parties sent into Missouri should be placed under the command of active and prudent officers, with instructions to pursue bushwhackers to the death. After you have matured your plans and disposed your forces, you should issue a proclamation to the citizens of Johnson and other border counties of Kansas and Missouri who have fled their homes to return thereto, promising them safety and protection. To you and the troops under your command is intrusted the delicate and important duty of restoring peace to the border between the points named. You should communicate frequently with the military authorities at Fort Leavenworth and Fort Scott. Keep your troops well in hand, that they be not cut off in detail, and that they may be concentrated at any given point without delay of confusion.

Major Henning, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, provost-marshal for the District of Kansas north of Kansas River, will from time to time issue such orders to you as he may deem necessary in relation to the disposition of your forces, &amp;c. You will immediately on the receipt of this order report by letter to Major Henning, stating your forces, station, &c.

By order of Brigadier-General Blunt:

THOS. MOONLIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

