HEADQUARTERS FORT SCOTT,October 24, 1862.

To commanding Officer Twelfth Regiment Kansas Volunteers:

I have the honor to send you a copy of orders received from department headquarters this day.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

B. S. HENNING,

Major Wisconsin Cavalry, Commanding Post.

[Sub-inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, October 19, 1862.

Commanding Officer Fort Leavenworth:

The troops at or north of Fort Scott will remain on the line of communication, unless special orders arrive from General Blunt. I approve of general distribution suggested by General Lane. It will not be proper for officers to issue proclamations, and the troops must not be so divided as to invite attack. A strong force must be detained at the depot of public stores. Send this forward for the benefit of officers commanding posts or pickets along the line. Orders from Brigadier-General Blunt will be forwarded.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

[Inclosure B.]

NOVEMBER 27, 1862.

Colonel ADAMS:

SIR: As I can see nothing in the order of General Blunt authorizing the camp you have taken, and as my orders from the commander of this division are positive, I am bound to demand the surrender of all property taken from citizens of this State, and that the negroes taken from citizens of Jackson and La Fayette Counties be forthwith turned out of your lines; and, as there is no organized enemy either in Jackson or La Fayette County, that you at once march your force beyond the limits of this State. If this proposal is acceded to, I will send an officer to arrange the conditions. I retain the orders only to take a copy, after which they will be immediately returned.

I am, sir, &c.,

RICH'D C. VAUGHAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure C.]
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH KANSAS VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, November 27, 1862.

Brigadier General R. C. VAUGHAN:

SIR: I am ready to comply with all your demands at the earliest possible time, except that pertaining to negroes. They are at liberty to do as they choose, as they came within my lines voluntarily.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. ADAMS,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment Kansas Volunteers.

P. S.- I cannot agree with you in relation to the orders from Generals Curtis and Blunt.

