
the enrolled militia whilst engaged in active service, and the remaining $7,500 is appropriated to the relief of the destitute families of the soldiers engaged in actual service, and to relieve temporarily destitute refugees who have been driven from their homes by rebels or guerrillas, and of citizens who have become destitute in consequence of the lawless acts of disloyalists.

II. Lieutenant Colonel P. A. Thompson, of Fifth Regiment Missouri State Militia Cavalry, commanding at Harrisonville, Mo., will provide by order for the assessment, levy, collection, and distribution of said sums of money so assessed upon the disloyal inhabitants by the appointment of commissioners, and directing the means of enforcing this order in detail.

BEN. LOAN,

Brigadier-General Missouri State Militia, Commanding District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CENTRAL DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, Numbers 60. Jefferson City, December 2, 1862.

I. The sum of $10,000 is hereby levied upon the disloyal inhabitants of Johnson County, whereof the sum of $2,500 will be applied to subsist the enrolled militia whilst engaged in active service, and the remaining $7,500 is appropriated to the relief of the destitute families of the soldiers engaged in actual service, and to relieve temporarily destitute refugees who have been driven from their homes by rebels or guerrillas, and of citizens who have become destitute in consequence of the lawless acts of disloyalists.

II. Colonel E. C. Catherwood, of the Sixth Regiment Missouri State Militia Cavalry, commanding at Warrensburg, Mo., will, by order, provide for the assessment, levy, collection, and distribution of said sum of money so assessed upon the disloyal inhabitants of Johnson County, by the appointment of commissioners, and directing the means of enforcing this order in detail.

BEN. LOAN,Brigadier-General Missouri State Militia, Commanding District.

SAINT LOUIS, December 3, 1862.

General BLUNT, Cane Hill:

You are too far in advance of support and supplies. Had better fall back to meet Herron's re-enforcements that go at your request toward Fayetteville.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, December 3, 1862.

General HERRON, in Field:

Dispatch received. Have advised Blunt to fall back so as to join your advance. Push forward.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

