
SAINT LOUIS, December 3, 1862.

General BROWN, Springfield:

Do not abandon Newtonia. It would be better to strengthen it if necessary. Do what you can to help Blunt without danger to other places.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND AND THIRD DIVISIONS,Wilson Creek, December 3, 1862-8 a. m.

Brigadier-General BLUNT:

Your telegram just received. * Will move both divisions entire at noon to-day, and will make good time to your position. The Second Division is camped at Crane Creek, the Third at Wilson Creek. Will keep you well posted of my movements. The distance from here is so great that it may be necessary for you to fall back a short distance, but I will do my best to make that unnecessary.

F. J. HERRON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, December 3, 1862.

GENERAL: Provost-marshal-general, Colonel Dick, advises the general commanding that you complain to him (the provost-marshal) that permits for trade in conflict with your circular of September 14, 1862, have been issued from these headquarters. The general directs me to advise you that only in a few cases has he granted permits to trade in the interior of the State, and then only to persons of known or established loyalty, and connected with loyal dealers in this city. A copy of a letter from Major Mullins, provost-marshal at Sedalia, under date of November 28, has been submitted to the general's consideration. The major complains that Messrs. Newland and Courtney, residents near Sedalia, had been granted a permit to purchase hogs and cattle from farmers generally, and to ship the same to Saint Louis. He (the major) says he is informed that Messrs. Newland and Courtney were disloyal some time heretofore. Such might have been the case, but their loyalty at the present time was very satisfactorily established by reliable Union men, and if persons were formerly disloyal, and now give evidence of an honest espousal of loyalty, let such be encouraged by all means.

We are led to believe that there is a change of sentiment taking place throughout the State. Men are in a measure giving up their madness, and are inclined to return to reason and right. The conviction that they were wrong in their rebellion against the Government, or the conclusion that the rebellion so far as Missouri is concerned cannot in any event be of avail, is leading many individuals to do works meet for repentance. All such persons should be encouraged to continue in well-doing until their reformation shall become complete. Let blows and

---------------

* Of 2nd instant, addressed to Totten. See p. 805.

---------------

