
restrictions fall thick and heavy upon the traitor; extend the hand of encouragement to the repentant.

Major Mulling writes that he infers that the policy of General Curtis is "to permit traders to purchase of all farmers, both rebel and loyal, without any restriction or distinction." Such is nearly the general's policy. He would permit loyal dealers to buy indiscriminately from the farmers or producers; he would not permit a disloyal dealer to buy from any one. The rebel or sympathizer who owns a few hogs may owe their value to a loyal merchant in the interior, and that merchant in turn may be indebted to a loyal merchant here or eastward. The refusal to allow the farmer to sell his hogs works a far greater injury than any possible good to our cause and friends. Let no disloyal trader be allowed to reap benefits from trade or commerce until he submits to the authority of the land, and gives good evidence, of his sincerity. If you subordinates find that any party bearing permit from these headquarters is an actual rebel, such subordinates are hereby instructed to take up and cancel said permit, but they should be careful to closely scrutinize charges of disloyalty coming only from competitors in the same trade.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. FIFTH MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAVALRY,Independence, Mo., December 3, 1862.

Brigadier General BEN. LOAN, Jefferson City:

GENERAL: Your telegram of the 26th, ordering me to disperse the Kansas troops, was received. After returning from the expedition, I took 110 men, by order of Brigadier-General Vaughan, and pursued the Twelfth Kansas for twenty-six hours. We were with the, or in sight of them, one-half of the time, but kept our business to ourselves until General Vaughan, Colonel McFerran, Colonel Neil, and other officials, with 370 men, arrived in sight. Knowing the size of my force, and supposing that my business was to take from them their stolen property, they formed a line of battle and placed their artillery in the road to receive me. I halted my men within 60 yards of their line, and formed a line of battle, by order of General Vaughan, and waited for his column to arrive. The correspondence between the general and Colonel Adams will be reported by the general.

The whole command scattered and camped in the neighborhood. On the morning of the 28th, the Kansas troops loaded their baggage train and marched one-half a mile with all their stolen property before the matter was discovered by the general. I was then ordered to arrest them, which I did, without my men and without difficulty. After Colonel McFerran took from them their stolen property, I was ordered to escort them out of the State.

Inclosed find Captain Vansant's report.*

I suppose General Vaughan will make you a full report.

Yours, respectfully,

W. R. PENICK,

Colonel Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

