
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 24. Saint Louis, Mo., December 3, 1862.

I. Brigadier-General Davidson, having been assigned to a command in the field, is relieved from the command of the Saint Louis District, to whom Brigadier-General Carr is assigned, dating from the 12th ultimo.

II. Brigadier-General Gorman is assigned to the command of the District of Eastern Arkansas.

III. Kansas, Western Arkansas, and the Indian Territory, known as the Eight, Ninth, and Tenth District, will, until further orders, be commanded by Brigadier General J. G. Blunt.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPRINGFIELD, December 4, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS, Saint Louis:

In assuming the command I find the force in the Southwest District posted as follows: Springfield, 641; Ozark, 263; Newton, McDonald, and Jasper Counties, 635; Wright and Webster and for escort of trains between Lebanon and Springfield, 507; making a total of 2.046 enlisted men for duty.

Two guns at Fort Numbers 1, without men to work them, comprises the artillery.

The guerrillas are very active and numerous in all parts of the district, and demands for protection cannot be met. The large number of sick in hospital and other departments requires every man at Springfield to be detailed for guard and fatigue duty. Nearly every officer on detached service at this post has been ordered to join his regiment, and educated officers to fill their places are not in the command. The army moving west leaves the country from North Fork of the White River to Cassville open to the inroads of Burbridge and Greene, who are known to be near the mouth of North Fork with some force. Under these circumstances, I respectfully urge the necessity of an increase of the force of the district.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, December 5, 1862.

General F. J. HERRON:

Glad to see you are nearing Blunt. The danger is he will be attacked by greatly superior forces before you reach him. Be cautious. Hindman is shrewd and active. He will try hard to deceive you by drawing you into ambush.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

ELKHORN, ARK., December 5, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES G. BLUNT:

GENERAL: I arrived here this evening, and have the Third Division at Sugar Creek, with the Second 6 miles back. To-morrow the Third will

