
of the United States, and not under the orders of the Governor of Missouri. It was a matter with which the Governor had, officially, nothing to do, although he expressed unhesitatingly his approval of the measure, and proceeded at once to raise funds to meet the present necessities of the military service, pledging, as he was authorized by me to do, the money to be raised by assessment to meet the liabilities thus incurred. Your first question may therefore be briefly answered thus: The order was issued not under the authority but with the approval of the Governor of Missouri.

Your second question is answered in the negative.

In order that your third question may be fully answered, it is proper for me to state that no intimation of either approval or disapproval of the measure has ever reached me from the War Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, Mo., December 6, 1862-11.30 a. m.

Colonel J. C. KELTON:

General Blunt, at Cane Hill, Ark., telegraphed on the 3rd that Hindman and Marmaduke had concentrated about 20,000 to return upon him, and asked for re-enforcements. I ordered General Herron forward and advised Blunt to fall back. General Herron expects to reach Fayetteville to-day, and Blunt reports himself still at Cane Hill, the enemy within 15 miles. A conflict is probable.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. 2nd AND 3rd DIVISIONS, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Elkhorn, December 6, 1862-3 a. m.

Brigadier General JAMES G. BLUNT:

Your dispatch is just received. My former note will explain to you the exact position of the divisions, &amp;c. They are both moving at present, and the Third Division will reach Fayetteville at 10 or 11 to-night. The Second will reach the same place by daylight in the morning (7th). I send forward at once 2,000 cavalry, the best armed and mounted men of both divisions. My cavalry forces was reduced by the withdrawal of all Missouri State troops for State purposes. I will make the best possible marching to you. In my opinion, if the enemy presses you in force, it would be advisable to fall back and meet the Second and Third Division, so we can make a good fight of it. Keep me advised of any change of location you make; also send me a guide from Fayetteville to Cane Hill.

Respectfully, &c.,

F. J. HERRON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Cane Hill, Ark., December 6, 1862.

Brigadier-General HERRON

Commanding Second and Third Divisions:

SIR: The enemy's advance, represented 10,000 strong, are now within 8 miles of my headquarters. They drove in my outposts 3 miles this

