
morning. Nothing more than picket fighting has occurred during the day, but they are steadily advancing, and will, no doubt, attack in force daybreak to-morrow morning. You will endeavor to get your command here by that time.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Cane Hill, Ark., December 6, 1862-7 p. m.

Major T. J. WEED,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Leavenworth:

The enemy, 25,000 strong, have attempted for three days to force my position here, which I have determined to hold at all hazards until re-enforcements can arrive. They attacked yesterday, and again this morning, but were driven back to the mountains. General Herron, with the Second and Third Divisions, is making a forced march to re-enforce me. His advance will arrive to-night. You will soon hear of one of the damnedest fights or foot races that has taken place lately.

Lieutenant Johnson is doing well.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ELKHORN, ARK.,

December 6, 1862-4 a. m.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Messenger just in from Blunt. The enemy is within 15 miles of him, marching on to Cane Hill. I have advised him fully of my location each day, and have advised him to fall back and meet me, should the enemy press him in force. He will make a mistake if he undertakes to fight before we get up. I will have both division in Fayetteville during the night. The entire column has marched 30 miles per day since we started. I am doing my best to reach him. To-morrow will tell the story. May the God of battles be with us.

F. J. HERRON,

Brigadier-General.

FORT RILEY, KANS., December 6, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES G. BLUNT, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

SIR: I thought it my duty to inform you of the condition of the people on the frontier northwest of this post, which I am able to do from the report of Captain Read, Company I, Ninth Regiment Kansas Volunteers, who has just visited that section, at the earnest solicitation of many of the sufferers. Captain Read left this post December 10, 1862, with 60 men, with ten day's provisions. He met with nothing remarkable until he arrived about 55 miles up the Republican. Here he found a number of families who had been driven in by the Indians. They were in a most destitute condition; scarcely a family escaped being plundered or outraged. The Indians came upon them in large numbers, in some instances compelling them to cook rations for them, which being devoured, they would load themselves with anything they wanted, taking principally breadstuff. When they found nothing that suited their

