
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Rhea's Mills, Ark., December 14, 1862.

[General HINDMAN:]

Your request, contained within, is a very modest one, and will be granted, provided you allow me to send an artist to your present camp to sketch it and the approaches leading thereto. Such little countries must be reciprocated.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 7.]

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE FRONTIER, Numbers 2. Rhea's Mills, Ark., December 12, 1862.

The general commanding takes this occasion to express hi heartfelt thanks to the officers and soldiers of his command for their gallantry at the battle of Prairie Grove, in Sunday, the 7th instant, which crowned the Army of the Frontier with complete success and a brilliant victory.

When it is considered that the enemy we engaged outnumbered us as three to one; that they were inspired by the confidence of success, and stimulated by the most urgent appeals to their passions and prejudices; that they possessed the advantage of being in their own country, and familiar with every road, hill, and mountain pass; that they possessed every advantage in positions, which were of their own choosing, you have every reason to be proud of having participated upon that bloody field. No battle during the present was has been more determined and bloody, and never was there a field upon which, considering the number of troops engaged and the time occupied, the slaughter was as great.

The results of your victory cannot be overestimated. The stake was an importance one. With your defeat, Western Arkansas, Missouri, Kansas, and the Indian country would have been the prey of the rebel army. Your victory has virtually ended the war north of the Arkansas River. Fort these results you are entitled to the plaudits of a grateful country.

To the Second and Third Divisions, for the promptness with which they responded to my request to re-enforce me, and the unparalleled marching done by them to reach me before support would be too late, as well as for the gallantry displayed by them upon the field upon that memorable day, the highest praise is justly due.

Although we have cause to rejoice over our victory, yet we cannot but feel saddened at the loss of our brave comrades whom have fallen by our side, and to condole with those to whose homes grief has been brought, but the loss in battle of those friends that were dear; but while we drop the tear of sympathy over their graves, we cannot forget that their death was a noble sacrifice to sustain their country's flag, and that they died such a death as every true soldier and patriot would choose to die.

Your noble conduct upon the field of Prairie Grove, as also upon other occasions, gives evidence of your invincibility, and assures me that, whatever emergency may arise, you will be equal to the task.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

