
his command will be sent back to Cassville, as you request. Please inform the Springfield "secesh" that we have Hindman &amp; Co. a damned sound thrashing, and that they have indefinitely postponed their Missouri trip.

F. J. HERRON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. 6TH MIL. DIST., MO., Lexington, December 9, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS, Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I herewith inclose to you the charges and specifications against Colonel Charles W. Adams and Lieutenant-Colonel [J. E.] Hayes, of the Twelfth Regiment of Kansas:*

AGAINST COLONEL ADAMS.

CHARGE 1st.-Violation of the thirty-third article of war.

Specification 1st.-In this, that Colonel Charles W. Adams, commanding Twelfth Regiment of Kansas Volunteers, with a portion of said regiment, between the 20th and 27th of November, 1862, in the counties of Jackson and La Fayette, in the State of Missouri, did rob, plunder, and despoil the inhabitants of said counties of their horses, mules, oxen, wagons, beds, bedding, and household furniture.

Specification 2nd.-In this, that Colonel Charles W. Adams, commanding Twelfth Regiment of Kansas Volunteers, did, in the month of November, 1862, with a portion of said regiment, under the pretext of following guerrillas and bushwhackers, enter the above-named counties of Jackson and La Fayette, in the State of Missouri, and took from the loyal and disloyal inhabitants of said counties a vast amount of horses, over 100 in number, a large number of oxen, several wagons and carriages, and every species of household furniture, consisting of beds, bedding, bedsteads, chairs, cooking stoves and utensils, and that they also broke to pieces about 30 bee-hives at one farm-house.

CHARGE 2ND.-Violation of orders.

Specification 1st-In this, that Colonel Charles W. Adams, commanding Twelfth Regiment Kansas Volunteers, in violation of the orders of General Blunt, which authorized him to enter the State of Missouri only in pursuit of guerrillas and bushwhackers, did enter the said State of Missouri not in pursuit of guerrillas and bushwhackers, but for the purpose of plundering, robbing, and despoiling the inhabitants of said State of their property.

Specification 2nd.-In this, that said Colonel Charles W. Adams, commanding Twelfth Regiment of Kansas Volunteers, did, in open violation of the orders of General Blunt, which expressly forbade him to interrupt the peaceful and quiet citizens in their rights and property, rob and plunder said citizens of every species of property.

RICH'D C. VAUGHAN,Brigadier-General, Sixth Military District of Missouri.

AGAINST LIEUTENANT-COLONEL HAYES.

CHARGE 1ST. -Violation of orders.

Specification 1st.-In this, that Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes, Twelfth Regiment of Kansas Volunteers, after receiving from me orders for the delivery of the property illegally taken from citizens of the State of

---------------

* See Chipman to Blunt, January 15, 1863, Part II, p. 46.

---------------

