
Missouri, did wilfully disobey said orders by attempting to make his escape said property into Kansas.

CHARGE 2ND.-Disrespect to superior officers.

Specification 1st.-In this, that Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes, in command of a part of Twelfth Regiment Kansas Volunteers, being ordered by me to deliver over said property, did thereafter fail to do so, and endeavored, feloniously and contemptuously, to convey said property away.

CHARGE 3RD. -Conduct unbecoming an officer and a gentleman.

Specification 1st.-In this, that Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes, of Twelfth Kansas Volunteers, after pledging his word as an officer and a gentleman to Major Thomas B. Biggers, Fifth Regiment Missouri State Militia, that of said property should be delivered in accordance with my orders, did wholly fail to comply with the promise so given, and that he had the brand of the United States put upon said horses, thereby manifesting a design, fraudulently and feloniously, to deceive, and afterward attempted, in violation of his promise, to escape with said property.

RICH'D C. VAUGHAN,

Brigadier-General.

I submit the names of the following gentlemen, who, if necessary, can be had as witnesses: Colonel James McFerran, Missouri State Militia; Colonel Penick, commanding at Independence, Missouri State Militia; Major Thomas B. Biggers, Missouri State Militia; Colonel H. Neill, Enrolled Missouri Militia, La Fayette; Lieutenant-Colonel Black, Enrolled Missouri Militia, Ray County; Judge Jeans, Jackson County; Archibald Renick, Jackson County, and General Gray, Jackson County.

RICH'D C. VAUGHAN,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

NOVEMBER 27, 1862.

Colonel ADAMS:

As I can see nothing in the orders of General Blunt authorizing the course you have taken, and as my orders from the commander of this division are positive, I am bound to demand the surrender of all property taken from citizens of this State, and that the negroes taken from citizens of Jackson and La Fayette be forthwith turned out of your lines; and as there is no organized enemy either in Jackson of La Fayette Counties, that you at once march your force beyond the limits of this State.

If this proposal is acceded to, I will send an officer to arrange the conditions. I retain the orders only to take a copy, after which they will be immediately returned.

I am, sire, yours, &amp;c.,

RICH'D C. VAUGHAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HDQRS. TWELFTH REGIMENT KANSAS VOLUNTEER,In the Field, November 27, 1862.

Brigadier General TWELFTH REGIMENT KANSAS VOLUNTEERS,

In the Field, November 27, 1862.

Brigadier General R. C. VAUGHAN;

SIR: I ma ready to comply with you demands at the earliest possible time, except that pertaining to negroes. They are at liberty to do as they choose, as they came within our lines voluntarily.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. ADAMS,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.-I cannot agree with you in relation to the orders from General Curtis and Blunt.

