
[Inclosure Numbers 7.]
SPECIAL ORDERS.] IN THE FIELD,Jackson County, November 27, 1862.

Commanding Officer of the Twelfth Kansas:

SIR: You are hereby required to mount all the men that were mounted when you left Kansas (not exceeding 20), and immediately march your command with such transportation and baggage as you brought with you into the State.

RICH'D C. VAUGHAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 8.]
SPECIAL ORDERS.] IN THE FIELD,Jackson County, November 28, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel HAYES,

Commanding Twelfth Kansas Volunteers:

You are hereby arrested and required to report at Saint Louis, Mo., to Major General Curtis, on the 15th of December, 1862.

By order of Brigadier General R. C. Vaughan:

THOMAS B. BIGGERS,

Major and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure Numbers 9.]

INDEPENDENCE, December 2, 1862.

Colonel W. R. PENICK;

DEAR SIR: In compliance with your orders of November 28, I left the line of march near Judge Jayne's, in Jackson County, Missouri, with 10 men of my company, to escort the Twelfth Regiment Kansas U. S. Volunteers, under command of Major Kennedy. On their line of march to the Kansas State line, after marching a short distance, Major Kennedy requested me to send a messenger to overtake your command and get permission to withdraw the escort, as a portion of his command objected very much to being marched out of the State. I declined complying with his request, as I knew the order came from General Vaughan, and you would not countermand it, of which fact I informed him.

We encamped the first night at Blue Springs. The night after the second day's march, encamped at Rock Ford. On the morning of the third days' march, when near Hickman Mills, their command separated, a portion, under command of a captain, marching by the way of Santa Fe to Olathe. The major with his command went by the way of Aubrey to Paola, the headquarters of the regiment. I remained with them until they crossed the Kansas State line, within about 2 miles of Aubrey, on the afternoon of November 30,

I have no reason to think they committed any depredations on the march, with the exception of taking one bee gum, which came to my knowledge after the act was committed.

I did hear they had stolen 2 horses, the owners' names not known, neither the persons who committed the act. When they crossed the line they had not as many negroes as report says they brought with them. I heard from several citizens that a portion of the same regiment took another route and returned with about 1,000 head of stock- horses, oxen, sheep, and hogs.

Yours, respectfully,

J. R. VANSANT,

Captain Company F, Fifth Regiment Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

