
[Inclosure Numbers 10.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KANSAS,In the Field, October 9, 1862.

Colonel C. W. ADAMS,

Commanding Twelfth Regiment Kansas Volunteers:

SIR: Immediately on receipt of this, you are directed to dispose the forces under your command so as to cover the eastern border of the State from the Kansas to the Osage River. It is confidently believed that you can, by a system of patrols and signals, prevent the ingress of bands of Missouri guerrillas, who have heretofore been devastating that portion of the State, and by actively and courage drive from their hiding places in the border counties of Missouri. You will carefully instruct your men that the persons, property, and rights of the people of Kansas and the loyal portion of Missouri should be held sacred, and any infraction should be promptly and severely punished. Parties sent into Missouri should be placed under the command of active and prudent officers, with instructions to pursue bushwhackers to the death. After you have matured your plans and disposed your forces, you should issued a proclamation to the citizens of Johnson County and the other border counties of Kansas and Missouri who have fled their homes to return thereto, promising them safety and protection. To you and the troops under the command is intrusted the delicate and important duty of restoring to the order between the points named. You should communicate with the military authorities at Fort Leavenworth and Fort Scott.

Keep your troops well in hand, that they be not cut off in detail, and that they may be concentrated at any given point without delay or confusion. Major Henning, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, provost-marshal for the District of Kansas, south of Kansas River, will, from time to time, issued such orders to you as he may deem necessary in relation to the disposition of your forces.

You will immediately on receipt of this order report by letter to Major Henning, stating your forces, station, &amp;c.

By order of Brigadier-General Blunt:

THOS. MOONLIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 11.]
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Scott, October 24, 1862.

Commanding Officer Twelfth Regiment Kansas Volunteers;

I have the honor to send you a copy of orders received from department headquarters this day.

Very respectfully,

B. S. HENNING,

Major Third Wisconsin Cavalry, Commanding Post.

[Sub-inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, October 19, 1862.

Commanding Officer:

The troops at or north of Fort Scott will remain on the line of communication, unless special orders arrive from General Blunt. I approve of general distribution suggested by General Lane. It will not be proper for officers to issue proclamations, and the troops must not be

