
reports the rebel loss at 2,500 killed and wounded, including a very large number of officers. Brigadier-General Steen, of Missouri, was killed, and some 6 or 7 field officers are in the hospitals within our lines. Two batteries were so much damaged by the firing Foust's and Murphy's guns as to be entirely worthless, and several guns were hauled off in wagons. All of their artillery horses were left dead on the field, and the caissons taken away by mules in the night. Hindman's entire force was here, and from personal observation I can say they were well clothed and well armed.

My division took over 60 prisoners, including 2 commissioned officers, during the fight, and all refuse to be exchanged except 12. Over 150 have come in since the battle, and report is that hundreds are coming back on the roads to give themselves up.

The large proportion of their dead have been left by them unburied, and were buried to-day by my order.

The advance has arrived at Van Buren, and the rumor was they were all going to Little Rock.

The loss in my divisions is heavy, and will almost reach 1,000 killed and wounded. For four hours the fighting was the most desperate I ever witnessed, and within a space of two acres 250 of our own and the enemy's dead were found. The victory is more complete and decisive than I had imagined. The Iowa regiments fought nobly, the Nineteenth particularly distinguishing itself. We mourn the loss of Lieutenant-Colonel [S.] McFarland and several other officers of that regiment, killed. The Twentieth Wisconsin, Twenty-sixth Indiana, and Thirty-seventh Illinois fought nobly. The battle-field is on the road from Fayetteville to Cove Creek, and just half way between the former place and Cane Hill.

General Blunt has moved to Rhea's Mills, while I occupy the battle-field. I am strengthening my line of communication with Springfield, and will it safe to-morrow. Have established a hospital at Fayetteville, and removed all our sick and wounded to it. If Steele could take Little Rock, now is the best opportunity to open the Arkansas River.

I hope you will let us do it.

F. J. HERRON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second and Third Divisions.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, December 10, 1862.

Gov. HAMILTON R. GAMBLE, Saint Louis, Mo.:

[SIR: ] Your note of the 1st instant, on the subject of assessment, saying that you inform gentlemen who come to you "that the assessment stands upon United States authority, and not upon State authority," duly received and carefully considered. I have supposed it a State proceeding, and expressed my determination to support your officer in their efforts to execute your will, if found necessary. Since you and General Schofield regard it as an act of the United States, grave questions arise in my mind as to the harmony of my exercise of such powers in the face of the Constitution, the revenue laws, and the confiscation act. I have, therefore, referred the whole matter to headquarters, for the consideration of General Halleck, pending which the President has directed me to stay all further proceedings.

I have the honor to be, Governor, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General, Commanding Department of the Missouri.

