
We have plenty of good forage at our present camp. There are large mills here and plenty of wheat. Quartermaster Allen must send more wagons to this route. Our line is very long, and without he furnishes more transportation at once there will be trouble. I must have on my line 100 wagons more. Will you please order them to Rolla?

F. J. HERRON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second and Third Divisions.

[DECEMBER 13, 1862.-For Steele to Grant, in reference to Vicksburg expedition, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. XVII, Part II, p. 410.]

[DECEMBER 13 AND 19, 1862.-For Sherman to Curtis and Curtis' reply, in reference to Vicksburg expedition, see Series I, Vol. XVII, Part II, pp. 407, 433.]
HDQRS. 2nd AND 3rd DIVISIONS, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Camp Prairie Grove, December 13, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Your telegram in regard to the Little Rock force is received. Where is Steele, and does he propose to move on Little Rock? Without he does and prevents Holmes from forming a junction with Hindman, we may have to fall back and lose all the results that might be reached from this hard-fought battle. With a few more regiments of infantry, however, we can whip anything Hindman can get together. How is it about the Twenty-second Iowa at Rolla? Could they be ordered forward to me/

F. J. HERRON,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON CITY, December 13, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR GENERAL: I had no thought of my humble memorial ever leaving Governor Gamble's office, or it should have been written with more care. It contains, I think, an exact statement of facts, as far as it goes; but I do not mean to call in question General Schofield's action in ordering the assessment, which was probably the only available means of giving the needful credit to the Governor in obtaining money from the banks. It was, as I believe, suggested, advised, and approved by the Governor, and without it the enrollment of the military could not have been effected, for want of funds. But that enrollment and other efficient action have changed the whole state of things, and now the banks offer credit and do not want their money. The Governor will not take the money if collected. Besides this, the assessment upon "sympathizers" has been very arbitrary, and has been more or less by the accident of evidence offered, everything being under strict secrecy. If held in abeyance for awhile, it may be a good in terrorem, but, if enforced, should be thoroughly revised.

Pardon the liberty I now take. You know how deeply interested I am in the great cause.

I remain, truly, yours,

W. G. ELIOT.

