
EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, December 16, 1862.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,

Saint Paul, Minn.:

As you suggest, let the execution fixed for Friday, the 19th instant, be postponed to, and be done on, Friday, the 26th instant.

A. LINCOLN.

OPERATOR.-Please send this very carefully and accurately.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Scott, December 16, 1862.

Brigadier-General BLUNT,

Commanding District of Kansas, in the Field:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to you that since my last report everything at this post and vicinity has passed off quietly. The guerrillas of the South Osage have been effectually scattered, some of them having been killed by my scouts, 8 of them taken prisoners, and the balance gone off. Of those, one by the name of Hartman, an old offender, was shot while trying to escape, and one equally as bad, by the name of Cinnamon, died in prison. The whole of guerrillas on the Little Osage, and Marais-des-Cygnes have been driven off, and gone south, on Horse Creek and Spring River. For the last week I have had forage trains out, and have brought in about 2,000 bushels of corn, and am busy at it still. Most of the Osage, Indians are off on their hunt, and those remaining behind are quiet, although I have had to send for their chiefs and threaten strongly to keep them so. I shall send a competent officer and a few men over to Humboldt and the Mission, as per your order of December 2, with instructions similar to those given Captain Stanhope while on that duty. Quite a number of officers have appeared here upon orders of the regimental surgeon and medical director, ordering them to report to general hospital at Leavenworth or at this post. The authority is insufficient without your approval, and hereafter I shall send all back to their commands. Of those that came up, most left before I could get to stop them, and I suppose are in Leavenworth now. We expected that you would return so that you might be with us at Christmas and New Year, and hope still that it will be so but suppose that it will be regulated by events there.

I have to report that the last train up, in charge of Major Purington, lost two wagons and teams by being taken by the enemy near Neosho, and that, as near I can learn, it was by carelessness. I shall gather the testimony in regard to the matter, and forward to you for your action. As these are the first and only teams lost on the road, I feel mortified at it, as I was in hopes to get through without losing a single wagon. I have also to report that I have stationed Company C, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, at Morris' Mill, on Dry Wood, for the protection of the loyal citizens in that neighborhood; also to prevent guerrillas from destroying the hay put up in that neighborhood for the use of the Government. It has given great satisfaction and restored confidence in the people. The troops under my immediate command are strictly ordered not to interfere with forage on the property of Union people, but the detachments escorting trains belonging to other commands are not so particular, and considerable complaint has been made of such. The state of the whole country south of the Kansas is quiet, and no

