HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, Kans., December 18, 1862.

Major H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri:

MAJOR: I have the honor to transmit herewith an official report from Major Kennedy, Twelfth Regiment Kansas Volunteers (paper marked A); also a report from Lieutenant-Colonel Abernathy, Eight Kansas Volunteers,* with copy of order on which it was made attached (paper B), as well as the statements of several officers, in relation to the expedition of a portion of the Twelfth Regiment Kansas Volunteers into the State of Missouri, marked, respectively, as indicated in report B.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. WEED,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

A.
HDQRS. TWELFTH REGIMENT KANSAS VOLUNTEERS,Camp Blunt, Paola, Kans., December 4, 1862.

Major T. J. WEED, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Having received orders from Colonel Adams upon the evening of the 19th of November to march the next morning, we left these headquarters accordingly, with a force consisting of Company K and portions of Companies B, D, and E, amounting to 230 men. Marching to Olathe, Johnson City, Kansas, we left a portion of Company K, and were joined by Company I and a portion of Company H, augmenting our force to 260 men, rank and file. We then marched to Kansas City, Mo. The design to secure transportation down the river as far as Lexington, Mo., but, failing in this, we proceeded on the road to Lexington. Arriving at Big Blue, we pitched camp and sent out our foraging parties, with orders not to molest Union or those having enrollment papers, but to confiscate all that was of immediate use to the Government belonging to rebels. A number of horses were brought in and I bushwhacker killed by these parties. On the morning of the 26th, we struck tents and proceeded on our march. Hearing of a camp of rebels in a secluded position, a detachment of 100 men was made to take them by surprise, if possible. This detachment, leaving the main command at 1 a. m., advanced upon the position indicated, where at about daylight were found 19 horses and a wagon load of household goods. Soon after, in another direction, were found 5 horses and a deserted camp. Near the last-named position 3 prisoners were taken, who were brought before a drum-head court-martial, and released upon the presentation of certificates of enrollment from Colonel Penick, Missouri State Militia. In the mean time men, women, and children of the colored population had come into our camp to the number of 60 or 70. Proceeding to the Sni Hills, we again pitched our camp. Soon after, our scouts brought intelligence of an advancing force, consisting of cavalry, and artillery. We were ordered to form in line of battle. Two lines were formed; one of reserve, under command of Major Kennedy. Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes and Adjutant Lovejoy then proceeded to ascertain the nature of the advancing force. Finding they bore the Stars and Stripes, and concluding they were Missouri State Militia (as a force upon request had passed through our camp the night previous), such intelligence was taken to

---------------

* See Chipman to Blunt, January 15, 1863, Part II, p. 46.

---------------

