
our commanding officer, Colonel Adams. An officer representing himself as belonging to the staff of Brigadier-General Vaughan then advanced and called for the commanding officer of our force. Colonel Adams advanced, and, after a short conversation, the above-named staff officer returned to his command. Soon after, the following order was received by Colonel Adams:

To the person in command of the forces in front of this position:

SIR: As the commander of this military district, I desire to know by what authority you have marched into it.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

RICH'D C. VAUGHAN,

Brigadier-General, Sixth Military District of Missouri.

In reply thereto, Colonel Adams forwarded to General Vaughan orders received from General Blunt, dated October 9, 1861; also orders from General Curtis, dated October 19, 1862. General Vaughan then forwarded the following communication:

NOVEMBER 27, 1862.

Colonel ADAMS:

SIR: As I can see nothing in the orders of General Blunt authorizing the course you have taken, and as my orders are positive, I am bound to demand the surrender of all property taken from citizens of this State, and that the negroes taken from citizens of Jackson and La Fayette Counties be forthwith turned out of your lines, as there is no organized enemy either in Jackson or La Fayette. I further require that you at once march your force beyond the limits of this State. If this proposal is acceded to I will send an officer to arrange the conditions. I retain the orders sent only to take a copy, after which they will be immediately returned.

I am, sir, obediently,

RICH'D C. VAUGHAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel Adams immediately forwarded to General Vaughan the following reply:
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH REGIMENT KANSAS VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, November 27, 1862.

Brigadier-General VAUGHAN:

SIR: Your note is received. All the demands therein made will be complied with at the earliest opportunity, except that portion relating to negroes. As they came within my lines voluntarily, I do not see fit to order them out; they are, however, at liberty to do as they choose.

CHAS. W. ADAMS,

Colonel, Commanding Twelfth Regiment Kansas Volunteers.

In reply to this, Colonel Adams received the following from General Vaughan:

SIR: Your note is received. The demand relative to the negroes must be complied with. The matter of disagreement relating to your orders from General Blunt and General Curtis is a matter which can be more readily settled elsewhere than here.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

RICH'D C. VAUGHAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-As it is already late, I must require that you permit no portion of the property and negroes, above alluded to, to leave your lines.

Colonel Adams replied by the following note:
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH REGIMENT KANSAS VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, November 27, 1862.

Brigadier General R. C. VAUGHAN:

SIR: My guards are out, and I shall follow your orders relating to keeping whatever is within my lines here. I am subject to arrest from you, and choose a trial by

