
court-martial rather than turn the negroes out of my camp. I do not this, believe me, General Vaughan, out of disrespect to you, but because. I believe it to be contrary to a general order from the War Department to do so.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. ADAMS,

Colonel Twelfth Regiment Kansas Volunteers.

By request (through an orderly), Colonel Adams called upon General Vaughan at his headquarters, where he (Colonel Adams) was arrested and ordered to report to Saint Louis, Mo., on the 15th of December, 1862. Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes then assume command. The demands previously made upon Colonel Adams were now made upon Lieutenant Colonel Hayes.

On the morning of the 28th, Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes proceeded to comply with the above-named demands from Colonel Vaughan, except that portion relative to the negroes. This being done, the order to march was given. Proceeding but a short distance, the column halted, and an altercation, to the following effect, took place between Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes and General Vaughan:

General VAUGHAN. If you will turn these slaves out of your lines, you will save time and trouble, for we are strong enough to take them.

Lieutenant-Colonel HAYES. No consideration of personal safety will ever induce me to turn a slave back to his rebel master.

General VAUGHAN. Do you dare to disobey your superior officer?

Colonel HAYES. I dare to do that very thing; if you take these negroes, you must take then by force.

General Vaughan's artillery was then brought in range of our column, his cavalry being stationed in our front and rear and on our right flank. A detachment advancing possessed themselves of the colored women and children, with their effects, the men making a flank movement "for the brush." This being done, Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes received notice of his arrest, with an order to report at Saint Louis on the 15th of December, 1862. I, being next in rank, then assumed command of the detachment, and with it marched en route for these headquarters, accompanied by 1 captain and 12 men of Colonel Penick's command, Missouri State Militia, acting as a rear guard. Notwithstanding former arrests, my scouts were ever vigilant and on the alert. Bushwhackers were, in accordance with orders from General Blunt, pursued to the death, 3 being killed near the head of the Blue River. Also near the same position was found a deserted camp, showing signs of a hasty retreat; several horses were secured-in all, 22. Several negroes, who had previously "taken to the brush," rejoined our command are we reached the Kansas line.

THOMAS H. KENNEDY,

Major, Commanding Twelfth Regiment Kansas Volunteers.

B.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, December 17, 1862.

Brigadier-General BLUNT:

GENERAL: In pursuance to Special Orders, No 160, from your headquarters, directing me to proceed to Westport and other places in Missouri and Kansas, for the purpose of investigating the late expedition of Colonel Adams, of the Twelfth Kansas Volunteers, I have the honor to report:

