
I first visited Independence, Mo., and took the statement of Colonel Penick, Fifth Missouri [State] Militia Cavalry (paper marked C). I next visited Paola, Kans., and there took the statement of Major Kennedy, Twelfth Regiment Kansas Volunteers (paper marked D); also statement of Lieutenant Town, Twelfth Regiment Kansas Volunteers (paper marked E); also statement of Captain Ashby (paper marked F). I next visited the town of Olathe, Kans., where I took the statement of Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes, Twelfth Regiment Kansas Volunteers (paper marked C). I found Colonel Adams at Fort Leavenworth upon my return, and submit his statement with the others (papers marked H and I).

I regret to report that I was unable to see Brigadier-General Vaughan, Enrolled Missouri Militia, he having left Independence before I reached there.

All the statements herewith submitted are as I received them from the respective parties.

I have the honor to remain, general, your obedient servant,

J. L. ABERNATHY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eight Kansas Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KANSAS, Numbers 160. Fort Leavenworth, Kans., December 8, 1862.

* * * * *

III. Lieutenant-Colonel Abernathy, Eight Kansas Volunteers, will, on receipt hereof, proceed to Westport, Independence, Paola, and such other places as may be necessary, and make a thorough investigation of the late expedition into the State of Missouri of a portion of the Twelfth Kansas Volunteers, under command of Colonel Charles W. Adams.

The statements of all the officers concerned, as well as those familiar with the facts, will be taken, and a full report of all the circumstances attending the expedition and the results of the same, accompanied by the evidence on which it is based, will be made to these headquarters as soon as practicable.

By order of Brigadier-General Blunt:

T. J. WEED,Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

C.

Statement of Colonel [W. R.] Penick.

On the 22nd November I received intelligence that there were some men coming into Missouri by way of Kansas City, and wishing to ascertain its character, I issued an order to Lieutenant Crandall to go to the camp of this force and ascertain under whose orders they were acting, and, if not acting under the orders of Generals Curtis or Loan, to order them to leave the State. Lieutenant Crandall reported to me, after visiting the camp was commanded by Colonel Adams, Twelfth Kansas Volunteers, and that the force amounted to about 400 men, comprised of whites, negroes, and Indians. He told me that Colonel Adams said he was acting under the orders of General Blunt directly, and indirectly under the orders of General Curtis; stated

