
further that he intended passing through Independence, and would call and see me. I felt satisfied that the Kansas troops were here on business, and that the colonel would call and see me, as he had promised. In this, however, I was mistaken. The colonel passed through without seeing me. In a few hours reports began to come in from Union and secesh men that the Kansas troops were taking property indiscriminately. I then sent for Captain Meader, Enrolled Missouri Militia, who is well acquainted all through the country, to ascertain if the persons bringing in these reports were reliable. He stated to me that they might be depended upon. I then telegraphed the facts to Governor Gamble, and asked him what I should do. He gave me no answer. Reports of depredations committed by the troops continued to come in the balance of the day. The next morning it was ascertained that they were taking the property of the Enrolled Missouri Militia. I permitted Captain Meader to send a number of his men home to try to protect their property. Being fully satisfied that the Government would not indorse acts of this kind, I telegraphed General Loan the facts, and asked him what I should do. In a short time I received a dispatch from General Vaughan, of Enrolled Missouri Militia, stating that he had been authorized by General Loan to disperse the Kansas troops, and asked my co-operation.

About 4 o'clock that evening I moved with all my available force, about 110 men, and overtook the Kansas troops near Hambright's, on the Lexington road. I kept in sight or near them until the next morning, when General Vaughan arrived with his force, about 370 men. Just before General Vaughan arrived, I came upon the Kansas troops, drawn up in line of battle across the road, their artillery toward me. As General Vaughan arrived, I dismounted my men and formed in line, facing them. General Vaughan came up and formed in line on my left, with two pieces of artillery. The Kansas troops then stacked their arms and went to their tents. The soldiers and negroes reported along the route that they intended to fight me when I came up with them. I had no disposition to hight the troops under Colonel Adams, because they were United States troops. I told my men this, and cautioned them to make no threats nor do anything imprudent. I did not road the correspondence between General Vaughan and Colonel Adams, but understood that Colonel Adams had agreed to give up all the property taken in the State except negroes. Next morning, however, Colonel Adams marched off with all the property. General Vaughan ordered me to take my men and stop them. As my men were about 2 miles away, I went alone, and prevailed upon the officer in command to halt his men. This was about 1 mile from the place they had encamped. General Vaughan then arrested Colonel Adams, and Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes assumed command. In a short time Colonel McFerran came up and stated that he was sent by General Vaughan to take all the property from the command that they had taken in the State. He also assured the officers of the Kansas troops that he understood the orders from the War Department on the subject of negroes, and that he was the last man that would return one to his master. They informed me that they would not resist. The property was then taken from the Kansas troops. I saw about 100 horses taken and several wagons. I have no doubt the horses had been taken from rebels; they belonged to citizens of La Fayette and Jackson Counties, and had been concealed in the brush for fear they would be confiscated. Many of them were branded U. S. when they were returned. I was then ordered by General Vaughan to escort the Kansas troops out of the State, and

