
went with them 3 miles, when it was agreed that Captain Vansant and 10 men should go with them to the lines. The troops were under command of Major Kennedy, Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes having been placed in arrest by General Vaughan at the time the property and negroes were taken from the command. I then returned to Independence with the balance of my command. After reaching camp, I found an order there from General Sloan [Loan], ordering me to disperse the Kansas troops. The order came in my absence. I herewith submit the report of Captain Vansant,* who accompanied the troops to the State line.

D.

Statement of Major T. H. Kennedy.

I think that Colonel Adams received information on the 19th of November which led him to suppose that there were parties of guerrillas between Lexington and Independence. He also had some information of some artillery being concealed near Lexington. We marched from camp on the 20th and arrived at Kansas City on the 22nd; failed to get transportation down the river, and started by way of Independence. On the night of the 23rd, a man came into camp from Colonel Penick, then in command at Independence, Mo., and stated that he had heard that there was a band of 30 jayhawkers encamped on the Blue, and that it was the request of Colonel Penick that they leave the State at once. He showed no orders, and we had no official notice of his being an officer; he did not wear any uniform.

Next day we passed through Independence, and camped near Blue Mills. We learned that there were quite a number of rebels concealed a few miles from camp. Colonel Adams went out try and capture them. He found their camp, and captured quite a number of horses and a quantity of camp equipage. Some horses were brought in that were afterward claimed by the Enrolled Missouri Militia. These were always returned upon presentation of their enrollment papers. We next moved to Pink Hill, where we encamped. Soon after, word was brought into camp that the Enrolled Missouri Militia were after us. Soon General Vaughan, Enrolled Missouri Militia, came up. General Vaughan demanded by what authority we were in Missouri.

The following is the correspondence that passed between General Vaughan and Colonel Adams:

To the person in command of the forces of his position:

SIR: As the commander of this military district, I desire to know by what authority you marched into it.

RICH'D C. VAUGHAN,

Brigadier-General, Sixth Military District of Missouri.

Colonel Adams replied by forwarding to General Vaughan the orders he had received from General Blunt and General Curtis. (Papers marked I.) The following is a copy of reply received:

NOVEMBER 27, 1862.

Colonel ADAMS:

SIR: As I can see nothing in the orders of General Blunt authorizing the course you have pursued, and as my orders from the commander of this district are positive, I am bound to demand the surrender of all property taken from citizens of this State, and that the negroes taken from the citizens of Jackson and La Fayette Counties be forthwith turned out of your lines. As there is no organized enemy in Jackson of La Fay-

