
G.

Statement of Lieutenant Colonel Josiah E. Hayes.

I know nothing of the information upon which the late expedition of the Twelfth Kansas Volunteers was based.

After we had started, Colonel Adams informed me that we were going to Lexington, to capture parties of guerrillas and punish parties harboring them. We left camp on about the 20th of November, passed through Kansas City, and encamped on the Blue. In the night a man, representing himself as coming from Colonel Penick, came into camp and inquired what command we were, and where we were going. Said he had been sent by Colonel Penick to order us our of the State, but he would modify the order, and request us to leave. Colonel Adams told him he would pass through Independence, and would call and see Colonel Penick. I do not think Colonel Adams called on Colonel Penick. As we passed through Independence, we did not stop in town. We encamped that nigh at Blue Mills. We lay all next day at Blue Mills. The next day we moved on toward Lexington. While at Blue Mills, a number of horses, said to belong to rebels, were brought into camp. Some of the horses were returned upon presentation of enrollment papers by the parties from whom they were taken. The men were not allowed to take anything from houses. A negro came into camp that night, and reported that there were 12 men concealed about 5 miles from our camp. Colonel Adams and myself started in the night with a party to try and capture them. We succeeded in finding their camp, but did not find the men. We got 10 horse, with bridles and saddles complete. The next night we camped near Pink Hill. About 3 o'clock in the afternoon a negro came into camp and reported that the Enrolled Missouri Militia was after us, and was going to clear us out. The men of the command were drawn up in line, and I went out to ascertain what force was in our front. When I ascertained that it was General Vaughan's command, I returned and informed Colonel Adams of the fact, and he rode forward to meet the officers of General Vaughan's command. I know nothing about what passed between Colonel Adams and General Vaughan. Colonel Adams was soon after placed in arrest, and I assumed [command] of the regiment. Next morning a demand was made upon me to deliver over all the property we had taken from citizens of Missouri. I replied that the order should be complied with. Major Briggs [Biggers] was to receive the property. I ordered Lieutenant Shively to turn over all the property to Major Briggs [Biggers]. While it was being turned over I received notice that the order before received was intended to include negroes. I replied that I did not consider negroes as property, and should not give them up; that if they took the negroes it must be by force. General Vaughan then ordered me placed in arrest. Major Kennedy then took command of the Twelfth Regiment. I do not know how General Vaughan got possession of the negroes. They took them from our lines. Nothing of interest transpired on our way back to Kansas. We arrived at Olathe on the 29th of November.

H.

Statement of Colonel Charles W. Adams.

On the 19th of November I received information that a party of guerrillas was between Lexington and Independence, Mo.

In pursuance to special orders (herewith inclosed, marked I) from

54 R R-VOL XXII, PT I

