
General Blunt, I marched on the 20th of November from Paola, Kans., with 250 men of my command. I passed through Kansas City and camped on the Blue. The same evening a man came into camp, representing that he had been sent by Colonel Penick to ascertain the character of the force then marching into Missouri, its destination, and object. He showed me no orders, nor did he wear any uniform. I stated my orders to him, and told him I would call on Colonel Penick as I passed through Independence. I expected to meet a cordial reception from Colonel Penick, but when I saw no evidence of anything of the kind, I passed through without stopping. I did not like to halt my men in the town. I encamped that night at or near Blue Mills. I was here informed that a small party of bushwhackers were concealed a short distance from my camp, and determined to try and capture them. I had their camp surrounded, and found 10 horses and quite a lot of camp equipage, but no men. One of the men was afterward shot by Colonel Penick's command. I next command at Pink Hill. General Vaughan, Enrolled Missouri Militia, came up with 400 men soon after I got into camp, and demanded that I should turn over to him all the property I had taken from citizens, and turn the negroes our of camp, and leave the State forthwith. I told General Vaughan that I would comply with the demand, except that part which referred to negroes; told him as they came into my lines of their own free will, I should not drive them out. He then stated that all his demands must be complied with. I told him I was subject to arrest from him, and would prefer trial by court-martial rather than disobey an order from the War Department. I was then placed in arrest, and Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes assumed command of the regiment.

I.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KANSAS,In the Field, October 9, 1862.

Colonel C. W. ADAMS,

Commanding Twelfth Regiment Kansas Volunteers:

SIR: Immediately on receipt of this, you are directed to dispose the forces under your command so as to cover the eastern border of the State, from the Kansas to the Osage Rivers. It is confidently believed that you can, by a system of patrols and signals, prevent the ingress of bands of Missouri guerrillas who have heretofore been devastating that portion of the State, and by activity and courage drive them from their hiding places in the border counties of Missouri. You will carefully instruct your men that the persons, property, and rights of the people of Kansas, and the loyal of Missouri, should be held sacred, and any infraction should be promptly and severely punished. Parties sent into Missouri should be placed under prudent and active officers, with instructions to pursue bushwhackers to the death. After you have matured your plans and disposed your forces, you should issue a proclamation to the citizens of Johnson and other border counties of Kansas and Missouri who have fled their homes to return thereto, promising them safety and protection. To you and the troops under your command is intrusted the delicate and important duty of restoring peace to the border between the points named. You should communicate frequently with the military authorities at Fort Leavenworth and Fort Scott.

