
am compelled to leave two companies of it as a garrison to Patterson, and the regiment is not a hardy one, nor in good health. Shall I order up the Twenty-third Iowa before it moves? Gray authorized me to say he declines the adjutant-generalship of the State, if he can go with me. I will push everything here but the land-slide.

DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, December 19, 1862.

Brigadier-General HERRON,

Prairie Grove, Ark.:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of your interesting letter of the 112th, which I would like to have published as your report, but I see some remarks concerning General Blunt's being overreached by Hindman and something about Colonel Wright which would not do to publish; besides, I suppose your report will be carefully made out and come through General Blunt, who, in the absence of General Schofield, is the commander of the Army of the Frontier. I hope to get both reports soon, so they may be entered on my battle-book and forwarded to Washington, with such recommendation as I think right in the premises.

Due credit is given to you and Blunt both, although you had the long, hard day's work. It was a signal victory, but I regret exceedingly the trick of Hindman prevented you sending the cavalry to harass the retreating foe. It was a great outrage of the laws of war to cover a retreat by such use of a flag of truce.

General Schofield, having recovered, goes back to take command. He is, of course, deeply mortified at not being in the fight.

You have probably done all you can do until I can move up the Arkansas and White Rivers to co-operate with you. This, I think, cannot be long, but everything has to await the great move down the Mississippi. I congratulate you again, general, on your success, in which your numerous friends seem delighted.

I remain, general, very truly, yours,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, December 20, 1862.

His Excellency President LINCOLN:

In regard to your telegraphic inquiry as to the propriety of relying entirely on the Enrolled Militia in Northern Missouri, I proceed to enlarge on my telegraphic reply.

We have just driven the rebels out of Missouri, and hold them south by a force almost continuous along the southern border of the State. Their anxiety exists to return to Missouri, where the wealthy secessionists in many neighborhoods are ready to receive and replenish them. In such neighborhoods the pro-slavery influence seeks to exclude the Union troops, hoping to hold their negroes better under the Enrolled Militia, many of whom are commanded by pro-slavery officers. I try to study the surrounding elements, and move troops away just as fast as I think the safety of community will permit, and will probably soon withdraw all or nearly all the volunteers from Northern Missouri. Another

