
such a butchered? Was Washington, when he signed the order for the execution of Major Andre, to be considered the original Haynau?

Mr. Editor, if you could have been a witness to many scenes that attended General McNeil's point visit to the various posts of his district, made but two weeks since, when he traversed the whole country on horseback, attended by but two orderlies, when old men would come out of their farm houses, shake hands with the general, call down blessings upon him, ask him to delay so that their wives could come out and thank him for executing justice, which had enabled them to come back once more to their homes, instead of indulging in editorials so harshly condemnatory of that which you did not understand, I think you would have fancied you had just perceived the principle which must prevail to crush this rebellion, and bring back to us our fast wasting propriety. We here, in the West, have been forced to realize the horrors of revolution. They have been forced on the loyal men of Missouri against their desires and in spite of the efforts of the Federal Government. In addition, we think we are fighting a battle for the world, for humanity, for civilization, for religion, for the honor of our forefathers, for republics, a battle in which the welfare of the myriads of sons of men who are to come after us in every age and country is at stake.

General McNeil has even in the early part of this terrible war been censured from headquarters for being too lenient toward the rebels. Time and experience proved to him that in order to save bloodshed it was necessary to show some examples of severe punishment, and the result, in giving security to persons and property of loyal men in our section, has amply justified the steps taken by him. Do you suppose that a rebellion that in this late day has ventured to employ the scalping knife of the savage in its service, that commenced in fraud, that has sustained itself from the commencement by robbery, that has practiced extermination and banishment and confiscation toward citizens that ventured to remain true to their original allegiance, can be put down without somebody being hurt? Let me ask of you to do justice to a kind and brave officer, who was simply dared to do his duty, and in doing so has obtained the thanks and deepest feelings of gratitude from every loyal man in Northern Missouri. Suppose foreign journals dub in the American Haynau. Let the Government, out of regard for the feelings of a grateful people, emulate the example of Austria, who created Haynau a marshal of the Empire, and give to General McNeil a division, with permission to go down into Dixie and bid Jefferson Davis come and take him. Take my word for it, thousands upon thousands of the hardy sons of the West will flock to his standard, and treason upon the sunny plains of the South will find at last that scourge of God which it so well merits.

This rebellion and its settlement belong exclusively to the American people. Governments that are based upon political principles opposed to our own cannot have the right of interference that disinterestedness would give. The roarings of the British lion, his criticisms and his opinions, are, therefore, alike immaterial. Nations in their political decisions and effort are rarely governed by anything but their self-interest, no matter how loud they mouth about their virtues. And such articles as those in the London Times, Star, and other English papers come with a bad grace from a Government that justified the lashing of Sepoys to the cannon's mouth and blowing their mangled bodies in fragments through the air - the outrages committed by those Sepoys not being one iota

