
Also see General Orders, Nos. 13 and 32, issued by General Halleck, and General Orders, Numbers 18, issued by General Schofield, of which the following is an extract:

The Government is wiling and can afford to be magnanimous in its treatment of those who are tired of the rebellion, and desire to become loyal citizens and to aid in who still persist in their wicked efforts to prevent the restoration of peace, where they have failed to maintain legitimate war. The time is passed when insurrection and rebellion in Missouri can cloak itself under the guise of honorable warfare. The utmost vigilance and energy are enjoined upon all the troops of the State in hunting down and destroyed these robbers and assassins. When caught in arms, engaged in this unlawful warfare, they will be shot down upon the spot.

In conclusion, Mr. Editor, of you are correct in your denunciations of what you term a "butchery," do not waste your anathemas upon General McNeil alone because he saw proper to teach traitors that the life of an unarmed non-combatant Union man, a loyal citizen of the United States, was a scared thing - that murderers should not take it with impunity - but bestow some of it upon equally gallant and meritorious officers like General Merrill, who executed ten of those perjured scoundrels at Macon City, and General Schofield, who issued Orders Numbers 18, or General Halleck, whose orders touching bridge-burners and guerrillas I had supposed until now even the editor of the Times approved of.

WM. R. STRACHAN,

Provost-Marshal, Palmyra.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, December 24, 1862.

Rear-Admiral D. D. PORTER;

ADMIRAL: I have just received orders from General Curtis, based on dispatches from the General-in-Chief, to move on Little Rock. I am directed to attract the attention of General Holmes, that he may not send forces to help General Hindman, or to Vicksburg. General Curtis has ordered movements from the east toward Little Rock, which makes it highly important that I should move on Post Arkansas with my land force, and by gunboats and transports by water up the Arkansas River at once.

At Post Arkansas there are 5,000 infantry, and some sort of earthworks, with eight guns, two large and six small, the large ones said to be 100-pounders. I hope it may be consistent with your inclination and ability, under the circumstances, to send to Napoleon such a number of gunboats as you may judge necessary to take the Post with my land force, and then move on Little Rock, if the water will justify it. I will be in Napoleon in ten days, or less, from this date. You will perceive that this combination of movements is such as to suggest the importance of your co-operation to the extent deemed by you advisable.

I trust, admiral, I may receive reply by the hands of the bearer od dispatches, and by the return boat, that I may shape my course accordingly. The bearer can give you any further information on the subject that I may have omitted.

I am, admiral, your obedient servant,

W. A. GORMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

