
SPRINGFIELD, December 24, 1862.

Brigadier-General BLUNT, Cane Hill:

General Curtis informs me that McCulloch, with about 8,000 men, started from Little Rock about the 10th instant, to re-enforce Hindman. He must have joined him by this time. Keep your divisions in close supporting distance, and fall back if necessary. Do not risk a battle where you are unless very such of success. Two or three days' march in this direction will give you great advantage over the enemy. Should you find it necessary to retire, parole all the rebel wounded, and send as many of ours as can be moved to Springfield. I will join you as soon as possible. Please give me at once what information you have from the enemy, and keep me advised of everything. I expect to be at Elkhorn on the 28th.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

SPRINGFIELD, December 24, 1862.

Brigadier-General HERRON,

Prairie Grove, Ark.:

I am on my way to the army; will join you about the 30th. General Curtis informs me that McCulloch left Little Rock about the 10th instant, with 8,000 men, to join Hindman. If this is true, he must be there by this time. Be on the alert, and keep me informed of everything. I have dispatched this information to General Blunt, and directed him not to risk a battle, unless very sure of success. By retiring two or three days; march, we will gain a great advantage over the enemy, and can also get re-enforcements. Your wounded should be sent to Springfield as fast as it can be done with safety.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

YANKTON AGENCY,

Greenwood, Dak., December 24, 1862.

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

Little Crow, White Lodge, Sleepy Eyes, Pawn, and Big Head, with from 500 to 1,000 Santee and Yanktown warriors, are now on the Missouri River, above Fort Pierre, preparing for an early spring campaign against the whites. They are murdering all the whites in that region. They can be captured this winter if General Cook can have the men and means. Let him be ordered to Washington, to confer with General Pope while there. There is not time to be lost, if they are to be captured.

JAMES S. WILLIAMS,

Associate Justice of Dakota.

W. A. BURLEIGH,

U. S. Indian Agent.

W. JAYNE,

Governor.

