
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 35. Saint Louis, December 24, 1862.

I. Provost-marshals within this department will be governed by the following instructions:*

They are referred to General Orders, Numbers 23, Department of the Missouri, current series, for important regulations as to their practice.

II. They will arrest, and send to Saint Louis, all persons belonging to, or enlisted in, the Confederate service, found within this department. It is represented that there are many persons, officers and privates, at large, who do, or claim to, belonged to the rebel army. This is contrary to the orders of the major-general commanding, and such persons should at once be sent forward under guard. This is not to apply persons who have voluntarily surrendered and taken the oath of allegiance before proper authorities.

III. Provost-marshals will arrest and take evidence against all persons guilty of disloyal conduct, such as giving aid and encouragement to the rebellion, including those, who act as spies, and carry on secret correspondence with rebels in arms; second, who furnish supplies to the rebels, whether arms, ammunition, provisions, clothing, horses, forage, money, or other material aid - all property actually being used in that way will be seized and reported at once to Colonel B. G. Farrar, Thirtieth Missouri Volunteers, at Saint Louis; third, who encourage the rebellion by speaking, writing, or publishing any disloyal sentiments, or induce the same in others; fourth, persons in arms against the Government, and hose guilty of murder, robbery, theft, pillage, and marauding; and all persons who, in disguise as pretended loyal citizens, encourage disloyalty in others, and oppress Union men.

IV. There is a class of pretended loyal men who, while they have not joined the rebel army, have encouraged their relatives and neighbors to go, and who uphold and support them by secret communications and sending money, clothing, and other assistance; and who associate with men who have been disloyal from the first, and with known sympathizers with the rebellion. These men, while pretending that they are better Union men than those charged with the control of the Government, constantly denounce the Government and all who sustain its policy and measures, as enemies on the Union and of the country; such conduct and language gives strong support and encouragement to those actively engaged in the rebellion, producing the belief in their minds that they have a strong and growing party in the North, by whose agency eventually they will be able to divide the country permanently, and strengthened and prolongs the efforts of the rebels. Men are not entitled to the protection of the Government when their every day conduct shows that they look for its overthrow with hope and pleasure. They choose to range themselves with the enemies of the Government, and will be treated accordingly. They will be arrested, the evidence taken against them, and be proceeded against as criminals.

V. Arms and ammunition will be taken from disloyal men above mentioned, and reported to Colonel B. G. Farrar, at Saint Louis.

VI. Persons found harboring or concealing spies, rebel soldiers of officers, marauders, and other criminals will be treated as parties to the crimes, and circumstances may make their failing to give information to the military authorities as gross an act of disloyalty as their active efforts to conceal.

VII. Provost-marshals will arrest notoriously bad and dangerous

---------------

* See Stanton to Curtis, January 14, 1863, part II, p. 41.

---------------

