
new conflicts. When the Enrolled Militia are not in actual military service they are only citizens, entirely subject to the civil authorities, and, as a posse, I suppose they can act as negro-catchers without infringing on the Federal Government authorities. So long as slavery exists in the State, the Governor will have to give some protection to it, and the General Government should not interfere of such acts of the Governor do not molest our proper military camps, and of not interfere with the freedom of the slaves of rebels.

We must not get up an issue on the right of the Governor to regulate his own appointments, but try to induce him to select such men as can be trusted.

While I command the department, and Merrill commands the district, we have a right to command all military movements within our domain, but, to keep down local insurrection, the Enrolled Militia must be considered a State power, commanded by State officers.

General Merrill is here, and I shall give him your letter, with my views of matters generally.

The Governor is preparing an emancipation message, and I hope the Legislature of Missouri will soon pass a law which will conclude the negro question in this State. Emancipationists and pro-slavery men and secessionists will all mix up or divide on this question. The secessionists will, of course, go with the longest term of emancipation, or with those who go for perpetual slavery. The class with which the secessionists of on this subject must not be treated as a rebel class, for they are not all so, and we would alienate too many for our safety.

We must not, as a National Government, or military power, interfere with the State power in discussing, considering, and determining the emancipation issue, and, keeping these maxims in view, you see how difficult a task is imposed upon all of us who have military authority.

The question of returning slaves from a military camp seems to apply equally to the Enrolled Militia, who are to be governed by the regulations of the Army when in actual service; but, in their places as citizens merely, enrolled, they are not in actual service, and cannot be so considered. I hope your zeal and fidelity will in nowise abate, and I hope the hearts of our good Union men of Hannibal will never flag.

Some trying scenes are transpiring everywhere just now; but at such a time firmness must be the more firm, and fidelity never weary of well doing.

I am, colonel, very truly, your friend,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 37. Saint Louis, Mo., December 26, 1862.

The following officers, constituting the staff of the major-general commanding, will be addressed, respected, and obeyed accordingly throughout the department: Colonel N. P. Chipman, additional aide-de-camp, chief of staff; Colonel A. G. Brackett, Ninth Illinois Cavalry, chief of cavalry; Colonel Robert Allen, additional aide-de-camp, chief purchasing quartermaster; Colonel Lewis B. Parson, additional aide-de-camp, chief of transportation; Colonel T. J. Haines, additional aide-de-camp, chief purchasing commissary of subsistence; Colonel F. D. Callender, Missouri State Militia, chief of ordnance; Surg. Madison Mills, medical director; Major N. W. Brown, chief paymaster; Major H. Z. Curtis, assistant adjutant-general; Major T. I. McKenny, additional aide-de-camp, acting assistant inspector-

