
secession party in his congregation, and the Union men side with the Union side, and the peace of society seems to require a conclusion of such strife in favor of the loyal side of the question. They think that a priest that will not pray for you should not pray at you, and I concur. Rebel priests are dangerous and diabolical in society. The provost-marshal was for ousting two or three others, but I urged that a single example might do, and the proper man was selected.

It is my judgment that Rev. McPheeters should be required to leave, as ordered by the provost-marshal, at the end of the other five days now granted him, and most respectfully recommend that you allow the order to be executed.

I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's most obedient servant,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

SAINT LOUIS, December 27, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS:

DEAR SIR: At an informal meeting of the following-named citizens of Saint Louis, to wit: John Hoor, James E. Yeatman, Carlos S. Greely, Henry Hitchcock, Henry J. Moor, George P. Story, Giles F. Filley, George Partridge, General Edwards, and James O. Broadhead, the undersigned were appointed a committee to witt on you, and propose to offer you their services in the promotion of the Union cause in Saint Louis, by collection such information and making such suggestions from time to time as might be deemed advisable by them to secure the object in view, so much desired by all loyal men - the restoration of our city and State to a condition of unqualified loyalty to the Federal Government - and to confer with you on these subjects at such times as your public duties will permit.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES O. BROADHEAD.

C. S. GREELY.

JAMES E. YEATMAN.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., December 27, 1862.

President LINCOLN.

If you intend to leave the country north of the Missouri to the care of the Enrolled Militia, please direct it immediately, that necessary arrangements may be made. Merrill's Horse, a regiment of Missouri cavalry, should be ordered to General Grant immediately. It is much needed.

H. R. GAMBLE,

Governor of Missouri.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

December 27, 1862.

His Excellency Governor GAMBLE:

I do not wish to leave the country north of the Missouri to the care of the Enrolled Militia, except upon the concurrent judgment of yourself and General Curtis. His I have not yet obtained. Confer with him, and I shall be glad to act when you and he agree.

A. LINCOLN.

