
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 27, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

General Davies reports Columbus as now entirely safe, but General Hurlbut reports Memphis as not sufficiently strong. Can you not give him re-enforcements for a few days, until he can open communication with General Grant? These raids are probably intended to draw back our troops from Vicksburg? This must be avoided.

H. W. HALLECK.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., December 27, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Will send some experienced artillerists to memphis to Operate siege guns. Will do all I can, but will have to draw on Helena, and must have a return of forces soon, or trouble on my side may be apprehended.

SAML. R. CURTIS.

[DECEMBER 27, 1862.- For Gorman to Hurlbut, in reference to expedition from Helena, Ark., to the Tallahatchee, Mississippi, see Series I, Vol. XVII, Part II, p. 496.

COLUMBUS, KY., December 27, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Columbus is threatened by a large force of rebels. We can hold the post. Ram not arrive. General Davies has ordered Colonel Scott to destroy guns, ammunition, and works at New Madrid, and remove his command to Fort Pillow.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, December 27, 1862.*

Major General T. H. HOLMES,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: Yours of the 7th instant, containing a slip from the Memphis Daily Appeal, of the 3rd of November, concerning what you de nominate "an account of the murder of ten Confederate citizens of Missouri, by order of General McNeil, of the U. S. Army," and asking full information in regard to the "circumstances related," is duly received.

The matter of correspondence between us must be confined to the operations of belligerents and the exchange of prisoners.

The idea of "Confederate citizens of Missouri," in Missouri, is inconsistent to the attitude heretofore allowed you as a belligerent, which I have cordially approved, for the sake of preserving the immunities recognized by civilized warfare. You have no military power in Missouri, and have had none in Northern Missouri for a year past, much less a civil organization which would induce any man to call himself a

---------------

* See note of Curtis to Holmes, December 24, 1862, p. 860.

---------------

