
"Confederate citizen." There is but one class of citizens of Missouri;" the are Federal citizens, not Confederate. They universally acknowledge allegiance to Federal and State authority. The rights of such citizens cannot be adjudicated by appeal through the military authorities of the so-called Confederate States.

I have no disposition to overlook the conduct of any officer in my command or shift any responsibility which it ma attach to me; but while the State of Missouri can guard her own citizens, through the regularly constituted authorities, I cannot, even be implication, justify any interference by you with what, by your own showing, relates to her "citizens in Missouri."

I have the honor to be, general very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAINT PAUL, MINN., December 27, 1862.

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

I have the honor to inform you that the 38 Indians and half-breeds ordered by you for execution were hung yesterday at mankato, at 10 a. m. Everything went off quietly, and the other prisoners are well secured.

Respectfully,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 27, 1862.

Brigadier-General SIBLEY,

Saint Paul, Minn.:

Funds for the Pay Department left here the 24th. The Secretary of War authorizes the quartermaster to loan funds to the Pay Department, to be repaid on their arrival. All forces you can spare should be sent down the Mississippi River, to report first at Cairo or Columbus for further orders.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

SAINT PAUL, MINN.,

December 27, 1862 - 8 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The Twenty-fifth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers has already been dispatched. The Third Regiment Minnesota Volunteers will move to Cairo on the 10th proximo. I cannot spare another man. The Indians of the plains are gathering for a general onslaught as soon as weather permits.

Respectfully,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General.

[DECEMBER 28, 1862.- For Curtis to Hurlbut and Davies, and Davies' reply, see Series I, Vol. XVII, Part II, pp. 499-501.]

