
EXPEDITION IN THE FIELD,

Fort Gibson, December 28, 1862.

Brigadier-Commanding BLUNT,

Commanding Army of the Frontier:

SIR: Your three dispatches have all arrived just this moment - 12.30, on the morning of the 28th. I only got in half an hour ago from the Creek Agency. I drove the enemy toward the Canadian and Red Rivers; crossed Arkansas River, with my whole force, at the Frozen Rock Ford; took and burned Fort Davis, reducing all the barrack and commissary buildings and the whole establishment to ashes. I have entered into negotiation with Colonel McIntosh, and am to meet him to-morrow. I expect to disarm or bring over the whole Creek Nation. I sent messengers to the Choctaw Nation, and was in hopes of opening the gates to Texas through friends. Your order breaks off my negotiations, and I start for the place your ordered me ton in one hour. It is 70 miles. I scarcely think I can reach by next midnight (28th-29th), but shall try.

Respectfully, yours,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel Third Regiment.

FAYETTEVILLE, December 28, 1862 - 9 p. m.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis:

Generals Blunt and Herron started for Van Buren yesterday morning; have not been heard from since. I will push on and join them to-morrow. Holmes was at Van Buren a few days ago; started for little Rock last Tuesday. It is reported at Van Buren that Holmes is to move from Little Rock to Yellville or Carrollton. This does not seem probable. McCulloch has arrived at Van Buren with troops. His force is reported to be 10,000; doubtless exaggerated.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, December 28, 1862.

Brigadier General BEN. LOAN:

GENERAL: I would not care to state the number of troops formerly or now held in Missouri, as it might give improper intelligence to the rebels. Our friends can make an estimate. The fact is I man taking great risks to keep Grant's rear from being destroyed and the river blockaded, and I have drained my department, sending troops to Columbus, Memphis, and Vicksburg.

Blunt keeps going ahead, and is probably at or near the Arkansas River to-night, if Hindman has not checked him.

In the regular Army is cost about $1,000,000 a year to keep a regiment, taking everything into account, which would be about $1,000 a man; but a great army costs less per man, and $700, I think, would be a fair average of the annual cost of our army. Our western troops are moving, and we may expected stirring news soon. The raid on the Mississippi railroads has been doing about as much harm to the rebels as to us, and I hope it will induce Grant to adopt the river for his base of operations below, which will, in my judgment, be a great advantage to us. I do hope our Union legislators will feel the vast importance of

56 R R - VOL XXII, PT I

