
I will write fully to-morrow. Lieutenant Stimpson will be detained in procuring blanks, for a day or two, and I will send this by other opportunity.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 30, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have ordered down everything from Wisconsin, &amp;c., but they will probably be too late. Is it not possible to withdraw some forces from Kansas? As soon as Vicksburg is taken, we shall have forces to reoccupy all necessary points on the river. Banks' expedition should have joined Sherman before now. The pressure is only temporary, and we must meet it the best we can.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, December 30, 1862.

His Excellency President ABRAHAM LINCOLN:

It is hardly necessary for me to introduce James E. Yeatman, esq., and G. F. Filley, esq., as I have already said to Your Excellency these are some of our most worthy and devoted friends. They wish a private interview, and i hope you will grant it. They are true to their country, and true to you. They are two of the most prominent citizens of Saint Louis. They belonged to no clique or party, and you may implicitly rely on their integrity and honor.

While this department has been eminently favored during the three months of my administration, I think it is mainly owing to a steady application of military power.

I take this occasion, also, to say that I would often prefer to send prisoners South rather than North, but have not felt myself authorized to do so; and in many respects it has been my opinion that a commander of a large and remote department should have more rather than less discretion, especially as to the disposal of persons disloyal and dangerous to the public peace. The wives of rebel and avowed secessionists have occasionally been ordered East and North, whereas I think these persons had better go where they devote their affections.

Mr Yeatman, who goes with this to Washington, deserves special notice. Raised in the South, his proclamation are pro-slavery, but he has cast aside all the ease and comforts of society, and devoted his whole time to suffering humanity and the cause of his unhappy country. Neither of these men belong to the congregation of the Rev. McPheeters, and they can speak to you without prejudice on that subject.

I inclose you a letter of Honorable Judge Bates,* which shows further reason to disturb some of our officers of the Enrolled Militia.

I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

