
part taken by this brigade in the battle of Prairie Grove, Washington County, Arkansas, on Sunday, December 7.

The Third Indian Regiment (Cherokee) had, previously to the action, been ordered to protect the train, some miles distant, so that we went into the engagement as follows: Tenth Kansas Regiment, Major H. H. Williams commanding, 387 men (Company I being absent on detached service); First Kansas Battery, Lieutenant Marcus D. Tenney commanding, 96 men; Third Indian Regiment, Adjutant Gallagher commanding, 44 men; Thirteenth Kansas Regiment, Colonel Thomas M. Bowen commanding, 375 men. Total number of men engaged, 902.

We entered the field upon the enemy's left, General Herson being then engaged some distance in our front, and immediately receiving an order to hurry forward to his assistance. The battery was placed in advance, the infantry marching by the right flank in its rear. The hurrying forward just commenced, the head of the battery having entered an orchard, when a shower of bullets was sent at it from an adjoining thicket on the right. Fearing for its safety, and surprised at this unexpected reception, so far distant from where General Herron was engaged, the Tenth Kansas was hurried into the thicket to clear it. They had hardly entered before they were subjected to a terrific fire, but fortunately with little loss. The battery moved forward into a meadow out of reach of small-arms, while the Tenth Kansas continued moving and driving the enemy, but were soon again involved in a severe contest. Thereupon the Thirteenth Kansas and the fragment of the Third Indian were moved forward into the timber to the assistance of the Tenth. A line of battle was formed under the brow of a gentle declivity. Some detachments from the Second Kansas Cavalry, dismounted, and the right wing of the Eleventh Kansas Regiment came to our help during the fight, and a continuous firing, with but slight intermission, was kept up until dark. The lines was as follows: The Indians upon the right, under Lieutenant [William] Gallagher, as skirmishers; next, to the left, the Tenth Kansas, under Major Williams; next, a detachment of Second Kansas, under Lieutenant-Colonel [O. A.] Bassett; next, the Thirteenth Kansas, under Colonel Bowen; next, the right wing of the Eleventh Kansas, under Colonel Ewing, and, next and last, upon the left, a small detachment of the Second Kansas, under Captain [S. J.] Crawford.

The firing was general and very rapid, with occasional lulls, during which we several times attempted to pass the brow of the hill and engage the enemy inclose quarters. We were as often repulsed by the rain of bullets. At one time two mountain howitzers, under Lieutenant [E. S.] Stover, Second Kansas, came to our assistance did splendid execution.

About dark, and while a final attempt to pass over the brow of the hill, the enemy arose in the timber with loud yells, surrounding us on all sides, and charged. The air was thick with bullets, and nothing saved us from annihilation but the protection afforded by the brow of the hill. They must have been heavily re-enforced; and so overpowering were their numbers that we were compelled to yield before the charge and fall back. At this time, about dark, Rabb's battery, on our left, and Lieutenant Tenney, with First Kansas Battery, on our right, saved us from destruction. Their firing was so rapid and well directed that the enemy was compelled to fall back, and we marched from the field in good order. We were engaged from 3 p. m. until dark. Our whole line of battle could not have numbered over 1,200, and with

