
RICHMOND, [VA.,] November 29, 1862.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Yocona, Miss.:

Send the following by most expedition line:

General HOLMES, Little Rock:

Sibley's brigade is not wanted at Vicksburg. Order it to report to General Taylor, in West Louisiana. Send to Vicksburg, without delay, the infantry force which you have been twice telegraphed for. The ease is urgent, and will not admit of delay.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

Repeated November 30.
HDQRS. FIRST CORPS, TRANS-MISSISSIPPI ARMY,Near Fort Smith, November 29, 1862 - 11.30 a. m.

Brigadier General J. S. MARMADUKE,

Commanding Fourth Division, at Oliver's Store:

GENERAL: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of 26th and two dispatches of 28th; the first received yesterday evening, and the other (on subject of yesterday's engagement with the enemy) received early this morning. Lieutenant-Colonel [R. P.] Crump, with Lane's regiment Texas Cavalry, about 600 strong (effective), was ordered forward to you last night, and has, not doubt, reached you thus time. Six wagons, laden with ammunition for you, left Van Buren at daylight, and ought to reach you during the day. The general still expects you, of course, to watch the enemy vigilantly, and give him information of all his movements. You will keep your eye particularly on the Line road. With the addition of Crump's regiment to your force, you ought to be able to determine the strength of the enemy, if he advances farther, and ascertain certainly all his movements and his probable intentions. Major Crump is advised that you desire forage sent to Dripping Springs, and will have it three to-day, though it is reducing us to a great strait to furnish it to you.

In regard to clothing for your men, you received at the last distribution, besides your own, that which belongs properly to the Texas brigade. Your share under the new distribution is at Van Buren, and Major [John H.] Crump tells me that he has notified you of the fact. You can send your wagons for it.

In regard to the rank of Mr. Lawrence, topographical engineer, I am instructed by General Hindman to say that he has no authority to make such appointments and confer rank, but is expressly prohibited from so doing. He needs such an officer very much, however.

Respectfully,

R. C. NEWTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR FORT SMITH, ARK.,

November 29, 1862.

Brigadier General J. S. MARMADUKE, Commanding Advance:

GENERAL: I am to-day crossing my entire effective force, with the intention to find the enemy and attack him. The crossing will be completed to-morrow, and the command will move on Monday at daylight. I shall march moderately, not above 12 or 15 miles a day, if it can be helped, so as not to break the men down before the fight commences.

