
I wish you to send me immediately, by courier, a diagram of all the roads, so far as known to you, leading to the enemy's camp, on every side, with the distances from Fayetteville, Van Buren, Maysville, and other noted points marched, and such memoranda as you may be able to append, giving information as to passes, mountains, ridges, prairies, &amp;c.

I wish also to have your opinion in full as to the routes of march, the manner of attack, &c.; also whether or not there is any Federal force in Arkansas or within supporting distance of Blunt, expect that which he commands, and the probable strength of that in each arm.

To prevent as far as practicable rumors of the movement getting to the enemy, spread the report that Little Rock is threatened, and I am ordered there. This can be done, I hope, without disheartening you men.

Respectfully,

T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Some artillery ammunition was sent you in the train this morning. If you need any more, send your requisition at once, as your batteries must be supplied without delay.

By order:

NEWTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST CORPS, TRANS-MISSISSIPPI ARMY,Camp near Fort Smith, Ark., december 1, 1862.

Brigadier General D. H. COOPER,

Commanding First Brigade, First Division:

GENERAL: General Hindman desires you to move with Stand Watie's Cherokee regiment, and any other troops with you which are in condition to march, in sufficient time and in such manner as will enable you to reach Evansville, or the vicinity, on Friday evening, the 5th instant, and will then immediately establish communication with the pickets of Marmaduke's division (which are of Bryan's Cherokee battalion, on the Line road), communicating to them promptly all information you may gain of the enemy's movements. Bryan's battalion will remain under General Marmaduke's orders until the latter shall notify you that he can dispense with its services and order it back to you.

It is the intention of General Hindman to attack Blunt at Cane Hill early Saturday morning, and you will be in such position at Evansville that, when you hear the battle fairly opened to the east of you on that day, you will attack the enemy's right and rear, harassing him, and impeding him if he attempts to escape on the Cincinnati or any other road, capturing his trains, if possible, and otherwise crippling him in his effort to get away. You will be careful to take possession of the Dutch Mills, if you can do so before the enemy burns it, which it is not improbable he will attempt to do. It is impossible now to give you more specific directions; and, as you will be operating at some distance from the main body and in an important position, General Hindman leaves to your discretion the details in the performance of the duty allotted to you. He relies upon you to strike promptly and with vigor.

Respectfully,

R. C. NEWTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

