HDQRS. FIRST CORPS, TRANS-MISSISSIPPI ARMY,Camp near Fort Smith, Ark., December 1, 1862.

Brigadier General J. S. MARMADUKE,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: On Wednesday morning, 3rd instant, you will move your division from Dripping Spring to Oliver's, and will then immediately place pickets and scouts upon the Frog Bayou, Telegraph, Cove Creek, and Line roads, and on all intermediate roads, so as to effectually prevent all communications with the enemy, and to detect any movements he may make. All persons passing, or attempting to pass, the line so established, and all persons whose conduct may be at all suspicious, are to be at once arrested and sent under guard to the post commander at Van Buren. Any information gained from them is to be dispatched at once to Oliver's. You will assign a capable officer to duty as provost-marshal at Oliver's, giving him a sufficient force, and instructing him to receive dispatches and forward them properly; also to give all possible assistance to the trains moving up with supplies, or going for them, to prevent all interference with the instructions given by Major John H. Crump, chief quartermaster, concerning the same, and to arrest all stragglers and disorderly persons. Further instructions will be given you at Oliver's Thursday evening. These headquarters will continue at this place until Thursday, when they will continue at this place until Thursday, when they will be moved to Oliver's.

By command of Major-General Hindman:

R. C. NEWTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 1, 1862.

Resolved by the General Assembly to the State of Arkansas, That the Governor is hereby invested with authority to destroy such of the public property as cannot be conveniently removed, when, in his judgment, it shall become expedient to do so, to prevent the same from falling into the hands of the public enemy.

Adopted by the House of Representatives in secret session, December 1, 1862.

JOHN A. HARRELL,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

Adopted by the Senate in secret session, December 1, 1862.

THOS. FLETCHER,

President of the Senate.

Approved, December 1, 1862.

H. FLANIGAN.

RICHMOND, VA., December 3, 1862.

General T. H. HOLMES, Little Rock, Ark.:

GENERAL: The President has deemed it advisable to establish at some point which you may deem most eligible, as near to the Missouri line as may be judicious, a camp of instruction for the rendezvous and place of training and organizing men coming to enlist in the Confederate service from Missouri. For the more effectual carrying out of this intention, he has been seen proper to appoint Judge William C. Price major and assistant adjutant-general, with directions to report to you for duty. You will assign to Major Price such assistant officers as you

