
may deem requisite for the effectual performance of his duties, and generally to facilitate Major Price in the duty allotted him.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. A. PALFREY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Little Rock, December 6, 1862.

Major-General HINDMAN,

Commanding First Corps, Trans-Mississippi Army:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Holmes to inform you that all the enemy's forces at Springfield, Mo., left that place on Thursday and Friday of last week, the 27th and 28th ultimo, and moved in the direction of Arkansas on the Cassville road. The Federal force at Forsyth left that point on Friday, the 28th ultimo, going toward Cassville. The person giving this information says the force that left Springfield amounted to from 10,000 to 12,000; the force that left Forsyth between 6000 and 1,000.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP ON COVE CREEK, ARK.,

December 9, 1862.

COLONEL: On the morning of the 1st instant, while in the advance of the advance picket, I received instructions to order up and take command of the train. At 12 a. m. my pickets reported that 400 Federals with two small pieces of artillery were in the vicinity of Sulphur Springs. There being no suitable place at Hog-Eye to protect the train, I ordered it back 2 miles to a point where I could place it in position to be defended with the small force then under my command, numbering 100 men. From the sick stragglers and detailed men I collected and armed 150 infantry and about 100 cavalry. At midnight I received an order toward Van Buren. The various quartermasters of the command acted with great coolness and moved their wagons with great caution. I am happy to say I succeeded in reaching this place with the entire train, saving all the Government stores and property.

Respectfully,

A. D. BURNS,

Major First Texas Regiment Partisan Rangers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 289. Richmond, Va., December 10, 1862.

* * * * *

XIII. Brigadier General T. J. Churchill is assigned to duty in the Trans-Mississippi Department. He will repair to Little Rock, Ark., and report for duty to Lieutenant General T. H. Holmes.

* * * * *

By command of Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

