HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Near Van Buren, Ark., December 21, 1862.

Major-General HINDMAN,

Commanding First Corps, Trans-Mississippi Army:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding department directs me to say that the supplies in the neighborhood of Van Buren and Fort Smith having been exhausted, you will move with your corps, except such part of it as is necessary for the defense of the Indian country, to the neighborhood of Lewisburg, and as soon as General Marmaduke's horses are sufficiently recruited you will order him to some point in the Black or White River Valley, where necessary forage for his animals can be procured, and will direct him to assumed command of all the troops that are in or hereafter may be ordered to Northeastern Arkansas. You will give him such instructions relative to the defense of that frontier, the apprehension of deserters, and the enforcement of the conscript law as may be best calculated to effect those purposes. On General Marmaduke's assuming command of Colonel [M. J.] White's force, which will be ordered to report to him, he will order that officer to report to me at Little Rock.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. HINSDALE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Little Rock, Ark., December 29, 1862.

GENERAL: The political condition of the Indians inhabiting the territory bordering this State on the west and the State of Texas on the north has of late assumed an unsettled and unsatisfactory character. The enemy have left nothing undone to promote disaffection among the various tribes who have heretofore entered into treaty stipulations with the Government of the Confederate States. The civilized Indians of this territory are in great fear and apprehension that their country will be invaded by the wild tribes of the West. In view, therefore, of these facts, and the fixed policy of the Government to maintain friendly relations with both the civilized and wild tribes, the lieutenant-general commanding the Trans-Mississippi Department directs me to say that you will order the officer in command of the Indian frontier of Texas, on the north, to confine his operations entirely to the defense of the frontier settlements, and under no circumstances whatever is an aggressive was against the Indians to be inaugurated. The troops stationed on preserving peaceful relations with all the bordering Indian tribes. War against the Comanches or other wild tribes must recoil upon our civilized Indian allies, and thus tend much to weaken, if not totally destroy, their allegiance to the Government of the Confederate States. I inclose you herewith copy of a special order* assigning Brigadier General W. Steele to command in the Indian Territory, and also ex officio Superintendent of Indian affairs.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

