
Numbers 6. Report of Major Henry H. Williams, Tenth Kansas Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH REGIMENT KANSAS VOLUNTEERS,Rhea's Mills, Ark., December 10, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Tenth Kansas Volunteers in the battle of Prairie Grove, Washington County, Arkansas, on Sunday, the 7th instant:

The regiment entered the grove on the enemy's left, by order of the colonel commanding the brigade, about 3 p. m. Upon entering the timber, which was very dense, I ordered Company B, Captain [M.] Quigg, to deploy as skirmishers to find the enemy. The regiment had but just formed, and the skirmishers advanced 30 yards, before the enemy opened fire upon us, and the regiment was immediately engaged under a terrible fire, which lasted for half an hour, when, by order of General Blunt, I withdrew the regiment to the open ground adjoining the timber; but after a few moments' respite we moved again to the front, about 30 yards in advance of our former position, obliquing our line of battle to the right, as the rebels had moved a large force to their left, extending far beyond our right. Our line at this time was in a hollow or depression in the ground, and the command, by lying down, escaped the most of the leaden rain which was hurled at them, by more than three times their number of the rebels, for an hour and a half. Exposed to a deadly fire during that time from the front and both flanks, it seems to me almost a miracle that the command was not annihilate.

About sunset the rebels charged with two regiments upon and turned our right flank, and I ordered the regiment to retreat, which it did in good style, to the open ground in our rear.

In the mean time the First Kansas Battery, Lieutenant Tenney commanding, which was in our rear, opened upon the rebels, obliquely across our right, with canister, which checked the force of the rebels extending beyond our right, and sent them in disorder to the brush. The Tenth then formed on the right of the battery, when the rebels commenced playing upon us with a battery which they had planted on their extreme left, but it was quickly silenced by a few well-directed shots from Tenney's battery. By this time, it being quite dark, both parties ceased tiring and the engagement was ended.

Lieutenant [J. A.] Phillips, regimental adjutant., and all the officers of the line present, behaved with gallantry, and attended to their duties with promptness and decision. The non-commissioned officers and privates also, with a very few exceptions, behaved nobly, and obeyed every command promptly, and with a coolness worthy of veterans.

I remain, your obedient servant,

H. H. WILLIAMS,

Major, Commanding Tenth Kansas Volunteers.

Lieutenant J. K. HUDSON,

A. A. A. G., Second Brigadier, First Div., Army of the Frontier.

Numbers 7. Report of Colonel William F. Cloud, Second Kansas Cavalry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. 3rd Brigadier, 1ST DIV., ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Cane Hill, Ark., December 15, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part

