
He further stated his desire to deliver himself up to the General with his band at such time and place as I might designate, only receiving the assurance that they would not be held as prisoners or removed to a greater distance, referring to the reservation on the Missouri to which the families of Sioux captives have been transferred.

Since the news of General Sully having fallen upon a Sioux camp and destroyed it reached me, I fell sanguine that these bands will be even more than ever disposed to submit, and, with the view of opening communication with them, I respectfully ask that I may be instructed to employ Father Andre, and such other competent persons as may be deemed necessary, to visit the Indians, and proffer such conditions of peace as you may deem proper to accord under the circumstances.

I would also respectfully suggest that these conditions should embrace the expulsion or delivery of the murderers, and the confining of these bands to the limits at such a safe distance from the settlements in Minnesota as would effectually dissipate all apprehensions of renewed raids on the frontier.

If properly managed, I have every reason to believe that the Indian war will soon be terminated and the quite of the border entirely restored.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Milwaukee.

DECEMBER 16-31, 1863.- Scout from Fayetteville, Ark., including skirmishes (23rd) at Stroud's Store and (25th) on Buffalo River.*

FAYETTEVILLE, ARK.,

January 1, 1864.

SIR: The scout under command of Captain John I. Worthington, First Arkansas Cavalry, which left this place December 15, will be in this evening.

Captain Worthington and Lieutenant Thompson returned yesterday evening. They report more of less skirmishing nearly every day, and hard fighting on the 23rd, 24th, and 25th. Met a force of about 200 on the 23rd, near Marshall's Prairie, Carroll County, and fought them over two hours, routing them completely and killing several.

On the 24th, attacked about the same number, again routing them and driving them in confusion.

On the 25th, in Searcy County, on Richland [Creek], a foraging party, under Lieutenant Jernigan, First Arkansas Cavalry, were attacked about noon by 200 of the enemy, and were obliged to retreat in confusion. Lieutenant Jernigan was wounded, and several of our men taken prisoners, and afterward stripped and shot.

From this time until dusk there was continual skirmishing and picket fighting. At dark, the enemy were found to have been re-enforced, numbering at least 800, and completely surrounding our party. About dark, an attempt was made by 200 to capture our howitzer, which was gallantry frustrated by Lieutenant Thompson, commanding

---------------

*See also p. 779.

---------------

58 R R - VOL XXII, PT I

