
taken by my brigade in he action at Prairie Grove on the 7th instant:

Having passed Friday and Saturday, the 5th and 6th, in skirmishing with the enemy upon the Boston Mountains, and lying in line of battle during the night of the 6th, I received your order to march toward Rhea's Mills at 9 a. m. of the 7th, and marched in the rear of the Second Brigade until within a mile of the mills, when, hearing heavy firing to the right, I moved in that direction, by your order, and reached the battle-field, where General Herron was engaging the enemy, under General Hindman, at 2 p. m., in advance. I found the enemy occupying a ridge of timber, thus concealed from view, and General Herron occupying the open field in front. By your order, I placed Rabb's battery in position in the open field, and Hopkins' Second Kansas (trophy) Battery at his left, and under their fire the rebel battery was soon silenced. Lieutenant Stover, with his Second Kansas Battery, also did good execution.

The right wing of the Eleventh Kansas Infantry, under Colonel Ewing, was ordered to enter the wood in front, to attack the rebels.

The left wing, under Lieutenant-Colonel Moonlight and Major Plumb, stood by the guns. The Second Kansas (dismounted), under Lieutenant-Colonel Bassett and Captain Crawford, and the First Indian, under Lieutenant-Colonel Wattles and Major Ellithrope, and Stover's battery, I also sent into the wood in front. The Twentieth Iowa, of General Herron's command, also formed upon my left and entered the wood.

While the front was thus occupied by the infantry, the artillery ceased. Soon the entire line was engaged, and, from the heavy firing, severe work was evidently going on.

Upon the left, the enemy was evidently very strong. The Twentieth Iowa, overpowered by numbers, retired from the wood to the fence at the foot of the ridge, firing rapidly upon the enemy, who swarmed upon the crest. Directing my batteries, they fired over the heads of the Iowa boys, driving the rebels back with heavy loss. Still they passed on, under cover of the wood, from our left to our right, causing my infantry to fall back to the fence, and giving my batteries opportunity to work, which they did successfully, driving the enemy up the hill into their cover. The infantry would then advance. Still, it was evident that the enemy had superior numbers; and, as the wood to their left had been abandoned, I rode forward to order the Eleventh to retire to the fence permanently, when Colonel Ewing, anticipating my order, retired his command just in time to save it from a heavy flank movement.

The enemy, now strongly re-enforced, pressed down in numbers to the fence at the foot of the hill, and, pouring a shower of rifle-balls upon us, took position within 200 yards of the batteries.

In this fire three of my orderlies were hit, but with spent balls. It now became evident that the enemy intended a demonstration upon my batteries, with the hope of their capture.

I then ordered the left wing of the Eleventh forward, when they advanced impatiently to the front, firing rapidly. The batteries met them also with case, canister, and shell. The enemy seemed determined to succeed, and, as my entire command was within close rifle-shot, I ordered the batteries to retire, firing, which they did; the infantry also retired slowly. Having obtained a position beyond their short-range guns, we continued the conflict until dark, when, not being able longer to see the enemy, firing ceased. My brigade then moved across the valley to the high ground, and bivouacked for the night. In the morning the enemy were gone.

During the entire conflict, I had the proud satisfaction of watching

