
after a five-minute panic. On account of the retreat of the Iowa regiment from this place, we were ordered to the support of Captain Allen's battery, through the corn-field. All the companies in the command were engaged, expect Company B, which was on detached service.

Major Ellithorpe and all the other white officers were particularly active and efficient during the whole day.

Of the Indian officers, Captain Jon-neh, of the Uches, and Captain Billy Bowlegs, of the Seminoles, and Captain Tus-te-nup-chup-ko, of Company A (Creek), are deserving of the highest praise.

Our loss was 2 killed and 4 wounded, as far as reported, but the Indians entertain a prejudice against speaking of dangerous occurrences in battle, and report no wounds but such as the necessities of the case demand.

Your obedient servant,

STEPHEN H. WATTLES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding First Indian Home Guards.

Colonel WILLIAM F. CLOUD,

Commanding Third Brigade, First Division, Army of the Frontier.

Numbers 9. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Owen A. Bassett, Second Kansas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND KANSAS VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, December 12, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to your order, I left my position, 5 miles south of Newburg, at 11 a. m. on the 7th instant, and moved toward Rhea's Mills, as rear guard to the column formed by the Second and Third Brigades. About an hour previous to receiving your orders to march, I had directed Major Plumb, commanding four companies of the Eleventh Kansas Infantry, that had been sent to my support the night previous, and Lieutenant Stover, commanding section of mountain howitzers, to report to you. Captain [H.] Hopkins, of my regiment, commanding battery, had already reported to you, and I had sent Captain [H.] Cameron to reconnoiter the mountains to my left.

Accordingly I had under my command Company A, commanded by Lieutenant [J.] Johnston; Company C, by Captain [D. S.] Whittenhall; Company D, by Captain [A.] Moore; Company E, by Captain [J.] Gardner; Company G, by Captain [A. W.] Matthews; Company H, by Captain [A.] Gunther; Company I, by First Sergt. Morris Enright; Company K, by Captain [A. P.] Russell, numbering 12 officers and 332 enlisted men. In addition thereto, I had with me Captain [S. J.] Crawford, assisting me in the field, 3 staff officers, and 2 of the non-commissioned staff. On my arrival at Boonsborough, I was delayed half an hour or more by the removal of the sick. I arrived at within 1/2 miles of Rhea's Mills, where I came up with the rear of the column, and just then received word that a battle was being fought, 5 miles east, on the Fayetteville and Cove Creek road, and move at once in that direction will all possible speed. My progress was much impeded from the fact that I was in rear of two brigades; the roads lay most of the way through lanes and thick under-brush, and it became necessary for me to pass through the fields, throwing down fences for that purpose, and through the tangled undergrowth,

