
without the benefit of roads or paths. On my way to the battle-ground I passed the Tenth, Eleventh, and Thirteenth Regiments of Kansas Infantry, First Regiment of Indian Home Guards, Captain Rabb's, Captain Hopkins', and Lieutenant Tenney's batteries, and halted my regiment within range of the enemy's left flank in the woods about - p. m. A few minutes later I moved to the left out through the woods into a corn-field, where I formed line of battle on the right of our lines and opposite the enemy's left flank, where I, by your suggestion, dismounted my men and moved forward with them into the woods I had just left. I sent Companies E and I, under command of Captain Crawford, to take position on the left of the Eleventh Kansas Infantry, and placed Companies C, A, G, D, K, and H on the right of the Thirteenth Kansas Infantry, under a heavy fire of the enemy's musketry at long range. Lieutenant [E. S.] Stover took position with his howitzers in an interval made for him in the Thirteenth Kansas Infantry, where he opened fire upon the enemy with canister at short range with good effect. Captain Hopkins with his battery took position of the left of Captain Rabb's battery, where he remained until dark. The enemy hurling his masses of infantry upon our left flank, having compelled one or two regiments on the left of Captain Crawford's battalion to give way, charging obliquely on our lines from night to left, pouring volley after volley of musketry into our ranks, more than decimating them, it required all the nerve and courage that Captain Crawford was able to infuse into his men, by his brilliant example and courageous bearing, to enable them to withstand the shock. The enemy, however, bringing up heavy re-enforcements, compelled Companies E and I to fall back, leaving the left to be held by the Eleventh Kansas Infantry. Lieutenant Stover with his howitzers was obliged to retire, his gunners and horses being too much exposed in their advanced position; and soon afterward, and just about dark, the infantry on my left retiring, I withdrew my men, they being longer unable longer to withstand the severe fire of the enemy. I ordered them remounted, and about an hour after dark received orders to retire to the rear of the field I was occupying, and bivouacked for the night.

The officers and men under my command behaved gallantly during the entire action. The commanding officers of squadrons already mentioned encouraged their men by their coolness and bravery, and I regret to say that Captain Russell fell, severely wounded, at the head of his company. Lieutenants Ballard, Moore, Mentzer, and hook displayed more than ordinary courage. Lieutenant [B. B.] Mitchell, commanding a number of dismounted men in support of Captain Hopkins' battery, and Lieutenant Aduddell, second in command of that battery, did their duty. I desire to call especial attention to the manner in which Captain Hopkins with his company handled the captured battery. Although having but four weeks' experience with that arm of the service, their coolness and the well-directed fire of their pieces would have reflected credit upon veterans.

Before closing this report, I desire to add that Captain John Gardner has my thanks for holding his position so long on the extreme left, while opposing, with his men, more than twenty times his number; and to Sergeant Enright, who commanded the second company from the left, the same are tendered.

To my staff officers, Lieutenants [S. K.] Cross, [C. L.] Gorton, and [L. H.] Wood, I am under obligations for valuable services; and I cannot pass unnoticed Sergeants Remiatte, Bailey, and Vangender, who acted in the capacity of orderlies.

