
The loss sustained by my regiments was 3 killed and 21 wounded, 16 of them severely.*

I have tho honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your servant,

OWEN A. BASSETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Second Kansas Volunteers.

Colonel WILLIAM F. CLOUD, Commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 10. Report of Captain Henry Hopkins, Second Kansas Cavalry, commanding battery.
HEADQUARTERS HOPKINS' BATTERY,Rhea's Mills, Ark., December 10, 1862.

SIR: I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by the battery under my command in the battle of Prairie Grove, Ark., December 7, 1862, and the series of skirmishes preceding that action:

Information having been received on the 3rd of December that the enemy was advancing in force from the south, the battery was ordered to take position in advance of the main line, where it remained until the morning of the 7th, rendering some assistance in checking the enemy on the Newburg road.

About 10 a. m., December 7, in obedience to orders, I moved the battery into the position assigned it in column north to Rhea's Mills, and thence, 5 miles east, to Prairie Grove, where the Second and Third Divisions, Army of the Frontier, under Brigadier-General Herron, were engaging the enemy, under General Hindman, who, during the night of the 6th, had flanked the First Division, commanded by Brigadier-General Blunt, passing 12 miles to the left and rear.

Having been ordered into position in an open field, on the left of the First Division, I opened fire with shot and shell on the enemy, occupying a position on a densely wooded rise of ground, and drove him back. At this time the only support for my battery was a detachment of dismounted cavalry, not exceeding 25, under command of Lieutenant [B. B.] Mitchell, Second Kansas Cavalry, Shortly afterward the enemy again advanced in greater force, moving obliquely along our front, threatening the left flank. In conjunction with Rabb's battery, which was some distance on my right, I opened a heavy fire again upon the enemy, and was supported by a regiment of Iowa troops, which had been driven back by the advancing column. The enemy appeared to be massing his forces for a charge, and just at sunset moved impetuously forward, but, by well-directed and rapid discharges of spherical case and canister, their advance was checked, and the battery slowly retired, firing with prolonges attached. Night coming on, firing ceased and the troops bivouacked on the field. The next morning it was known that the enemy had fallen back. By good fortune there were no casualties in my command.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. HOPKINS,

Captain Second Kansas Cavalry, Commanding Battery.

Lieutenant S. K. CROSS,

Acting Adjutant, Second Kansas Cavalry.

---------------

* But see revised statement, p. 85.

---------------

