
A little after dark, when the enemy's fire and our own had ceased over the whole field, I withdrew my command in good order from the hillside, and returned to the prairie, where the rest of the First Division of the army lay.

My command suffered less than might have been expected, owing to our position being at all times lower than that of the enemy, who generally overshot. I led into action in my right wing 291 officers and men, and had 3 killed, and 3 mortally, 12 severely, and 11 slightly, wounded. The loss was greatest in Companies I and C, because they were on the left of my line and were subjected to the heaviest of the flank fire.

I am happy to say that my command obeyed my order implicitly, and without faltering in advancing and in reforming and holding the several lines. It were unfair to specially name any, where all did nobly; but I cannot close my report without reference to Private William Grigsby, of Company I, who was mortally wounded in the action, and who, though detailed as teamster when the battle began, found a substitute to drive his team, that he might go to the field and share with his friends its dangers.

I inclose herewith a report of Lieutenant-Colonel Moonlight of the part taken by the left wing of my regiment, under his command, in the engagement.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, yours,

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Colonel Eleventh Regiment Kansas Volunteers, Commanding.

Colonel WILLIAM F. CLOUD,

Commanding Third Brigade, First Division, Army of the Frontier.

Numbers 12. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Moonlight, Eleventh Kansas Infantry.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH REGIMENT KANSAS VOLUNTEERS,Rhea's Mills, Ark., December 11, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report officially the part the left wing of your regiment (my command) took in the engagement of the 7th instant, known as Prairie Grove.

I was detailed with my command to support Rabb's Indiana battery, and when it took position, about 300 yards in front of the enemy, I formed on its left flank. Shortly afterward the battery changed position, and I formed on its right, a few paces in rear.

About sundown, when the enemy, with overwhelming numbers, charged our infantry in the wood in front, they fell back, so as to give our batteries an opportunity to play on the enemy, which they did in beautiful style. I moved up my command in a line with Rabb's guns, the better to resist the enemy's charge, for it was evident they intended charging the battery.

I would here state that I kept my command flat on the ground (very much against their wish), the better to shelter the, from the enemy's fire. At this time there was a complete shower (so to speak) of bullets. One man of Company K and two of Company E were here wounded; one since dead - Private Judge.

The battery was ordered to retire, firing, and I conformed to the movement, the command retiring in excellent order.

I was ably assisted during the engagement by Major Plumb, of the

