
regiment, who was ever at his post, proving a soldier of the right stamp.

The companies composing my command were H, Captain [J.] Huntoon; E, Captain [E. G.] Ross; K, Captain [J. M] Allen; G, Captain [N. A.] Adams, and B, Captain Anderson.

Every officer and soldier behaved throughout with judgment and gallantry, and it would be impossible for me to make any selection as to bravery or soldierly conduct, for all were equally determined to excel on these points. The trouble was to keep them back with the battery, as the duty assigned us required me to do.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. MOONLIGHT,

Lieutenant Colonel Eleventh Regiment Kansas Vols., Commanding Left Wing.

Colonel THOMAS EWING, Jr.,

Commanding Eleventh Regiment Kansas Volunteers.

Numbers 13. Report of Captain John W. Rabb, Second Indiana Battery.
HDQRS. SECOND BATTERY, INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Camp at Rhea's Mills, December 10, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part my command took in the let engagement of Prairie Grove:

On the morning of the 7th instant we were in position on the Boston Mountains, south of Cane Hill, expecting an attack from the enemy, as our pickets were engaged. About 10 a. m. I received orders from you to fall back toward Rhea's Mills, as the enemy were evidently attempting to flank us by passing up the Fayetteville road. The First Brigade, under General Salomon, held the advance in falling back. The Second Brigade, under Colonel Weer, followed, while the Third Brigade followed the Second. The Second Kansas Cavalry brought up our rear, proceeded by the First Indian Home Guard. My battery was placed just in advance of the Indians.

Our brigade arrived within a mile of Rhea's Mills about 2 p. m., when heavy firing was heard about 4 miles to the right, upon the Fayetteville road. You immediately ordered me to take the advance of the Third Brigade and proceed rapidly to the scene of action. I marched under your direction across the country, followed by the other commands of the Third Brigade, a distance of 3 miles, where we came the enemy, stationed in force upon a commanding hill, covered with timber. By your order, I brought my battery into position in a meadow, and immediately opened fire upon the batteries of the enemy. Lieutenant Tenney's battery was placed in position upon my right, and Captain Hopkin's on my left and rear. Our infantry and cavalry were posted in supporting distance, to the rear. In less than half an hour the rebel batteries were silenced. I then directed my fire upon the infantry of the enemy that were advancing from the left toward our right. An order came at this time for Lieutenant Tenney's battery to join Colonel Weer's brigade.

In a few moments the infantry and cavalry (the latter dismounted) of your brigade were ordered to engage the enemy and draw the from the cover of the wood. My batteries ceased firing for a short time. Five companies of the Eleventh Kansas, under Lieutenant-Colonel [T.] Moonlight, remained in the open field as a support to my battery.

