
October 6.-Broke camp, marched back near Fisher's Hill and bivouacked. The enemy, after following us up all day, made an attack on the picket-line in the evening.

October 7.-Marched toward Columbia Furnace on the Back road; were attacked by the enemy's cavalry at 5 a. m.; after a short fight resumed the march; bivouacked at Columbia Furnace.

October 8.-Marched to Fisher's Hill; went into camp.

October 9.-The whole division moved out at 6 a. m. and attacked the enemy's cavalry under Rosser, who had followed up and taken up a strong and commanding position. After heavy fighting succeeded in turning his left flank, obtaining a complete victory, capturing all his artillery (six pieces in all), his ambulance, ammunition, and headquarters train, and a large number of prisoners.

October 10.-In camp near Mount Olive.

October 11.-Moved back to Cedar Creek and encamped.

October 12.-In camp.

October 13.-Pickets driven in by the enemy; moved out with the command and drove them back and re-established our line.

October 14 to 18.-In camp.

October 17.-General Rosser attempted to surprise the camp of the division, but failed; however, succeeded in capturing a party of 33 men and 3 officers of the First Connecticut Cavalry on picket by surprise.

October 19.-Alarm at 4 a. m.; heavy picket-firing; saddled up at once; enemy attacked the whole army in force. The division was formed on the right of the army; afterward transferred to the extreme left to prevent an attempted flank movement of the enemy; again shifted to the right, engaged Rosser's division, and drove it in confusion across Cedar Creek; charged the enemy's infantry and pursued them beyond Strasburg, capturing 45 pieces of artillery, ambulances, wagons, 5 battle-flags, &amp;c.

October 20.-In camp. Sent one regiment on a reconnaissance to Mount Olive.

October 21.-Moved camp one mile toward the pike.

October 23. to 29.-In camp. On the 29th sent two regiments on a reconnaissance to Woodstock. No enemy in view.

October 30 and 31.-In camp.

November 1 to 9.-In camp near Middletown.

November 10.-Moved back six miles and went into camp, picketing from near the Valley pike, at Newtown, to Fawcett's Gap.

November 11.-Enemy's cavalry drove in the pickets of the Second Brigade on the Middle road; after some skirmishing until dark re-established the line.

November 12.-Enemy's cavalry attacked in force the pickets of both brigades, driving them in. Moved with entire division toward Cedar Creek, on the Middle road and the Back road, driving the enemy with ease on the Back road across the creek; but on the Middle road the enemy, being in superior numbers over the Second Brigade, checked the farther advance of the Second Brigade, and only after a very severe and obstinate engagement, the enemy, seeing himself threatened in his rear by the First Brigade, began falling back.

November 13.-The entire division moved to beyond Middletown on a reconnaissance, discovering the enemy at Fisher's Hill.

November 21.-The division moved at 7 a. m.; were joined at Newtown by the Second Cavalry Division, the whole under command of Brevet Major-General Torbert; marched as far as Woodstock and bivouacked.

