
LEETOWN, August 27, 1864 - 9.30 a. m.

General BRECKINRIDGE:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Early directs me to say that he is waiting here for the passage of your trains on toward Bunker Hill. He wishes your troops also to move on toward Smithfield.

Respectfully, &amp; c.,

A. S. PENDLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BUNKER HILL, August 28, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. H. ANDERSON:

GENERAL: All my troops (infantry) are here at this place, and I am picketing the roads all around from the Winchester and Martinsburg pike to Gerrard Run, and I would respectfully suggest that you put infantry pickets on the Brucetown road and around to the Berryville pike, as I find the pickets of the cavalry are but little to be depended on. A note was received from Fitz Lee stating that the cavalry was picketing around by Martinsburg, Kearneysville, and Summit Point, to Castleman's Ferry; but a major commanding one of the pickets has just reported that a body of the enemy's cavalry has appeared at the ford of the Opequon on the road from here to Leetown, and I can't understand this. A captain of Yankee cavalry was captured yesterday and brought to my headquarters, and he says that he commanded the cavalry which attacked and captured Kershaw's skirmishers; he says his force was only a squadron, and that no idea was entertained of the attack until he discovered that the men on the skirmish line were sitting down roasting corn, and no person paying any attention, many of them having their backs to their line; he says he was officer of the day, and as such inspecting the line when he made this discovery, and he proposed the attack to his brigadier, who ordered it, and the men were captured in the same position he had discovered them, most of them being taken with their guns loaded; he says he captured seventy-three men, including a lieutenant-colonel or major and several commissioned officers, and only lost three men.

Respectfully,

J. A. EARLY,

Lieutenant-General.

ON BRUCETOWN ROAD AT OPEQUON CROSSING,

August 28, 1864 - 4.45 p. m.

Lieutenant-General ANDERSON:

GENERAL: The enemy's cavalry advanced on Charlestown and Smithfield pike, and on Charlestown and Leetown road to Leetown, and from latter place to Smithfield. The position of Smithfield not being tenable against a large force advancing on those roads, I evacuated the place, ordering Lomax's division to fall back toward Bunker Hill, holding the fords on the Opequon, whilst I, with a portion of Wickham's brigade, checked them upon this road. Colonel Boston, commanding Lomax's old brigade, is between Summit Point and Lockhart's Mill, and has been ordered to look out for your right. Wickham's brigade is now at this place. Have not yet ascertained if the enemy's infantry are following this movement.

Respectfully,

FITZ LEE,

Major-General.

