
November 22.-Moved to beyond Mount Jackson, Second Division in advance; found the enemy's infantry and some cavalry drawn up at Rude's Hill, with artillery in position. The enemy developing his force, began to fall back, the First Brigade covering the rear and repulsing with ease the repeated charges or attacks of the enemy's cavalry; bivouacked at Woodstock.

November 23.-Marched back to camp.

November 28.-At 11 p.m. marched with division toward Moorefield; bivouacked eleven miles this side of Moorefield.

November 29.-Entered Moorefield; sent 300 men from there toward Petersburg to gather information about Rosser's whereabouts; took up the return march at 4 p.m.; bivouacked at 8 p.m. in the mountains.

November 30.-Moved to North River and Cacapon bridge, bivouacking at 8 p.m.

December 1.-Marched at 7 a.m. from within nine miles of Moorefield; bivouacked at Cacapon bridge.

December 2.-Marched through Lockhart's and Petticoat Gap. Reached camp at 1 p.m.

December 3 to 18.-In camp.

December 19.-Started on an expedition up the Valley pike; bivouacked at Woodstock.

December 20.-Marched through New market to Lacey's Springs and bivouacked.

December 21.-The enemy's cavalry at early dawn attacked with spirit the camps at different points, but were repulsed, although a portion of them, dressed in U. S. uniform, had succeeded in penetrating through the camp of the Eighth and Fifteenth New York Cavalry, and owing to the darkness of the hour and a severe snow-storm escaped capture. Moved back to Woodstock and bivouacked.

December 22.-Marched back to near Kernstown and went into camp until December 28, when we moved back several miles, going into winter quarters near the Romney pike.

First Brigade, Third Division.

August 4.-Command relieved from picket on left of army near Jerusalem plank road.

August 5.-Marched to City Point and began embarking.

August 9.-Whole brigade had arrived at Giesborough Point, D. C.

August 12.-Broke camp and marched to the Shenandoah Valley via Leesburg and Snicker's Gap.

August 17.-Reached Winchester and cover the rear of the Sixth Corps, then falling back toward Berryville; had a hot fight, at the close of which we fell back to Summit Point, where the enemy attacked us on August 21, and we fell back to Charlestown.

August 22.-Were again attacked, and after a sharp skirmish fell back on our infantry at Halltown and took up a position on the extreme right.

August 25.-Made a reconnaissance to Kearneysville in connection with the Second Brigade, Third Cavalry Division, and were also joined by the First Cavalry Division at that point. Met a large force of the enemy immediately on crossing the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, which consisted of Breckinridge's corps and some cavalry; a severe engagement ensued, at the close of which the enemy developed his force, compelling a retreat, which we accomplished in good order and very

