
APPENDIX.

Report of Captain Jed. Hotchkiss, Topographical Engineer, C. S. Army, of operations of the Second Corps, Army of Northern Virginia and Army of Valley District, May 3 - November 14, 1864.*
HDQRS. TOPOGRAPHICAL ENGINEERS, VALLEY DISTRICT,Staunton, Va., December 31, 1864.

MAJOR: As topographical engineer of the Second Corps, Army of Northern Virginia and subsequently of the Valley District, I have the honor herewith to submit, for the information of the Engineer Bureau, a report of the camps, marches, and engagements of the Second Corps of the Army of Northern Virginia and of the Army of the Valley District, of the Department of Northern Virginia, during the campaign of 1864, illustrated by maps and sketches.

On the 3rd of May, 1864, the Second Corps, commanded by Lieutenant General R. S. Ewell, was encamped in Orange County, Va. (as indicated on plate ---+), where it had spent the winter, and picketed the fords of the Rapidan, as shown on the same plate. On the 4th of May the Federal army, which had wintered in Culpeper County, making some demonstrations along our front, crossed large bodies of infantry at Ely's and Germanna Fords and marched to the vicinity of the Old Wilderness Tavern (see plate ---+). The Second Corps, except parts of Early's division, which was left on picket on the Rapidan, marched to the vicinity of Locust Grove and encamped on the old turnpike (see plate ---+). Early on the morning of the 5th Jones' brigade, of Johnson's division, moved down the turnpike and drove the enemy's pickets to near where their column was marching, via the Germanna plank road, into and across the old turnpike, near Lacy's house. The brigade was then formed, as indicated on plate ---,# and skirmished with the enemy until in the p. m., when the enemy attempted to turn its right flank, which was thrown back to meet the attack (see plate ---#). This movement of the enemy was successful and drove the brigade of Jones from its position. Battle's brigade, of Rodes' division, then moved forward (see plate ---#), but was confused by Jones' retreating men and forced back. Gordon's brigade, of Early's division, having been put in line, then moved forward and drove the enemy back to his original position (see plate ---#). The rest of the corps was posted as in plate ---#.

The enemy attacked our lines on the morning of the 6th at daylight and were repulsed with much loss. We had constructed some breastworks and were protected by them (see plate ---$). Skirmishing

---------------

* See also Hotchkiss' Journal, p. 567.

+ Plate LXXXI, Map 1 of the Atlas.

# Plate LXXXIII, Map 1 of the Atlas.

$ Plate LXXXIII, Map 2 of the Atlas.

---------------

