
quietly held our position on thee 29th. On the 30th ---- brigade was moved to the right and front toward Bethesda Church, and attacked the enemy and drove them to their works, when they repulsed us (see plate ---*). On the 31st there was some fighting on the Old Church road.

June 1, there was hard fighting at Cold Harbor by the First Corps. On the 2nd the position of the Second Corps was changed, and part of the Third put on its left (see plate ---*), and at 5 p. m. an attack was made on the enemy, and prisoners and a portion of his works captured (see plate ---*).

On the 3rd there was skirmishing all along the lines and a very heavy cannonade on the left (see plate ---*). The enemy made a furious attack on the First Corps June 4. Last night the Second Corps moved back to its former position, holding the advanced line with skirmishers (see plate ---*). The Third Corps was moved from the left to Gaines' Mill. The enemy attacked our line at 9 p. m., and was repulsed (see plate ---*). Lieutenant General J. A. Early was put in full command of the Second corps on the 5th; all quiet. June 6, the enemy left the front of the Second Corps last night, and it followed them up to-day to Gilman's Mill, skirmishing some and finding the enemy entrenched (see plate ---*). On the 7th the corps, being in reserve, moved out in front of the line and attacked the enemy's flank with some success (see plate ---*). From the 8th to the 13th of June the Second Corps was in reserve, and remained in camp to the west of Gaines' Mill.

ARMY OF THE VALLEY DISTRICT.

The Second Corps of the Army of Northern Virginia, consisting of Rodes', Gordon's, and Early's divisions of infantry, the latter commanded by Ramseur, and Brigadier-General Long's artillery, under the command of Lieutenant General Jubal A. Early, left its encampment one mile west of Gaines' Mill, Hanover County, Va., at 3 a. m., Monday, June 13, 1864, and, marching by the route indicated on the accompanying map (plate ---+), and encamping at the places marked on the same map, reached the vicinity of Shadwell Station, on the Virginia Central Railroad, on the evening of June 16.

The next day, June 17, Ramseur's and Gordon's divisions were taken to Lynchburg via the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, while Rodes' division marched to the North Garden Depot (see plate ---+). The divisions on arriving at Lynchburg at 1 p. m. were at once marched out on the Salem road and took position near the line of battle formed the next day, June 18 (see plate ---#). June 18, Rodes' division took the cars and came on to Lynchburg. In the p. m. the enemy advanced a line of battle, which was met and repulsed by a disposition of forces as shown on plate ---#. General Early found General Breckinridge's command, consisting of a division of infantry, King's artillery, and Jackson's, Imboden's, McCausland's, and Jones' brigades of cavalry, in the immediate suburbs of Lynchburg, constructing a new line of defenses, as indicated in plate ---#. Assuming command of all the forces, he moved them out to the line taken on the 18th, some three miles in front of Lynchburg. The enemy retreated from the front of Lynchburg during the night of the 18th by the Salem road, and we

---------------

* Plate LXXXI, Map 3 of the Atlas.

+ Plate LXXXI, Map 6 of the Atlas.

# Plate LXXXIII, Map 7 of the Atlas.

---------------

