
leisurely. On the following night [25-26] crossed into Maryland, marching to Boonsborough on the 26th, and leaving regiments to picket the fords at Antietam and Sharpsburg.

August 28.-Recrossed the Potomac at Shepherdstown; marched to Charlestown and bivouacked.

September 2.-The brigade moved from Charlestown, Va., to Berryville, and divided its time from that date to the 19th between picket duty and occasional scouts.

September 13.- A reconnaissance was made across the Opequon Creek toward Winchester over the Berryville pike, which resulted in the capture of the Eighth South Carolina Infantry, consisting of 14 commissioned officers [among them the colonel] and 92 enlisted men; also the battle-flag of the regiment. Besides this 2 commissioned officers and 35 enlisted men belonging to several regiments of Virginia cavalry were taken. The Second Ohio and Third New Jersey Cavalry deserve the greatest credit for the affair.

September 19.-At 2 a.m. the brigade left camp at Berryville, and meeting the enemy at the crossing of the Opequon drove him some miles, when they were re-enforced and succeeded in checking our farther advance. We held them, however, until the arrival of the infantry, when we were assigned a position on the left flank, from which we took an active part in the engagement throughout the day, and after the occupation of Winchester in the evening charged the retreating columns of the enemy and followed them to the vicinity of Kernstown.

September 21.-Met the enemy near Front Royal and drove him to Milford, where they were strongly entrenched, and held us during the next day and night.

September 23.-Advanced again on this day, reaching New market on the 25th and Staunton on the 27th.

September 28.-The enemy attacked us at Waynesborough and compelled us to fall back beyond Staunton to Middle River. Moved to bridgewater, on the North River, and went into camp on the 30th instant.

[October.]-Went into camp at Bridgewater September 30; remained until October 2, when we changed camp. Just after going into our new camp the Third New Jersey, then on picket, was attacked and driven across the river and through town in great confusion. The Second New York charged the enemy and rove them back across the river, recapturing nearly all the prisoners taken and inflicting a severe loss on the enemy. They used artillery quite freely.

October 4.-The Fifth New York was detailed to burn property in retaliation for the murder of Lieutenant Meigs.

October 5.-Staid in camp all day.

October 6.-Marched from Dayton on the Back road, burning barns and collecting all the cattle found, the enemy following at a respectful distance until we were going into camp, when they attacked the Fifth New York and Eighteenth Pennsylvania, near Brock's Gap, and succeeded in cutting off about seventy-five of the Fifth New York Cavalry, but afterward came in.

October 7.-Lieutenant Colonel Purington was relieved by Colonel Pennington. The Second Brigade, in the rear, was attacked and compelled to fall back, losing all the cattle and some of the forges of the brigade. Part of the brigade were deployed, checking the enemy.

October 8.-The Eighteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, as rear guard, was attacked and compelled to fall back on the brigade, losing some killed

