
and a few wounded. The enemy halted and did not attack. The brigade withdrew in line of battle for a mile; the enemy did not follow; encamped near Fisher's Hill.

October 9.-Attacked the enemy in a well-posted position beyond Tom's Brook, on a hill, commanding the road with their artillery. After considerable skirmishing the brigade was ordered to charge up the hill, which resulted in the capture of six guns and the whole train of General Rosser. Brigade encamped on the field.

October 11.-Marched to Cedar Creek.

October 13.-Pickets driven in at Cupp's Hill; brigade was ordered out to reform the line; considerable artillery firing.

October 17.-General Rosser attacked the First Connecticut Cavalry, on picket, and captured Major Marcy, Captain Parmelee, Lieutenant Havens, and 33 enlisted men.

October 19.-The enemy attacked in force; formed in line near the pike, to allow the infantry to from. Brigade charged and took 22 pieces of artillery.

October 20.-Went on a reconnaissance beyond Fisher's Hill.

October 21 to 31.-Doing picket and occasional scouts.

November 1 to 8.-In camp near Middletown, Va.

November 8.-Marched to a point between Newton and Winchester, on Winchester pike, north of the Opequon, and encamped, ready to re-enforce either point.

November 9.-Marched to Mount Zion Church and picketed from Fawcett's Gap to Middle road.

November 10 and 11.-In camp near Kernstown, Va.

November 12.-The Second Ohio on picket; First Connecticut sent on a scout to Cedar Creek; both regiments were attacked; brigade moved out and engage the enemy, driving them to Lebanon Church.

November 13.-In camp near Kernstown. The brigade, with the division, moved out on a reconnaissance; returned at 4 p.m.

November 14 to 20.-In camp near Kernstown, Va., doing picket and occasional scout.

November 21.-Brigade moved out at 7 a.m.

November 22.-Engaged the enemy at Mount Jackson.

November 23.-Returned to old camp, near Kernstown, Va.

November 23 to 28.-In camp doing picket and occasional scouts.

November 28.-At 8 p.m. received orders to move at once. Moved out at 11 p.m. on the march and reached Wardensville at 11 a.m. on the 29th; halted three-quarters of an hour; encamped eleven miles from Moorefield.

November 30.-Moved at 7 a.m. and reached Moorefield at 9 a.m., and halted until 3 p.m., sending the Second New York on a scout toward Petersburg; marched at 3 p.m., and encamped at 9 p.m. at Pine Church.

December 1.-Marched at 7 a.m. and reached Cacapon bridge at 9 a.m. and encamped.

December 2.-Moved at 7 a.m. by way of Lockhart's and Petticoat Gap and reached camp at 1 p.m.

December 3 to 18.-In camp near Kernstown, doing picket and occasional scouts.

December 19.-Marched at 6 a.m., and reached Woodstock at 6 p.m., and encamped.

December 20.-Marched at 6 a.m. and reached Lacey's Springs at 6 p.m.

December 21.-The enemy's cavalry attempted to surprise our camp about 5 a.m. and were repulsed, At 7 a.m. marched, reaching Woodstock at 5 p.m., and encamped.

