
December 22.-Moved at 6 o'clock, reaching camp near Kernstown at 3 p.m.

December 23 to 28.-In camp doing picket duty.

December 28.-Moved camp two miles and a quarter from Winchester.

December 29 to 31.-In camp, building winter quarters, and doing picket duty.

Second Brigade, Third Division.

August 1.-Marched to near Lee's Mill and relieved General Kautz's division on picket at that point, and continued on this duty until 10 o'clock on the night of the 4th, when the brigade marched to near B. Wells' house, on Norfolk railroad, and bivouacked.

August 5.-Marched soon after daylight, and proceeded to near City Point and encamped.

August 6 and 7.-In camp, without events of importance.

August 8.-Embarked the brigade on board steam transports at City Point, under orders to proceed to Washington.

August 9 and 10.-The troops arrived and disembarked at Giesborough; went into camp near by.

August 11.-In camp; engaged in getting ready to march.

August 12.-Moved at dark [with division] across the Eastern Branch and the Potomac at Chain Bridge, and encamped a short distance outside the fortifications.

August 13.-Marched at 6 p.m. with division to Dranesville and bivouacked.

August 14.-Remained at Dranesville.

August 15.-Marched at 4.30 a.m. through Leesburg to Purcellville, where we bivouacked fore the night.

August 16.-Marched at 4.30 on Snickersville turnpike; crossed the Shenandoah River at 10 a.m., and halted for several hours about one mile from the river. Resumed march, passing through Berryville, and after a second halt, during which rations were issued, proceeded to Winchester and Millwood turnpike, and bivouacked.

August 17.-Shortly after daylight marched with division via White Post and Winchester; took up position on south side of town, covering the Front Royal pike; at sundown withdraw to [from?] south side of the town and took up position until the First Brigade passed through on Martinsburg road; marched, taking Summit Point road, and bivouacked on east side Opequon.

August 18.-At 5 o'clock the brigade marched to Summit Point and bivouacked in line of battle on the right of the First Brigade. Sent Twenty-second New York to Smithfield to picket approaches.

August 19 and 20.-In position at Summit Point. Reconnoitering parties develop the enemy's pickets on west bank of Opequon.

August 19 and 20.-In position at Summit Point. Reconnoitering parties develop the enemy's pickets on west bank of Opequon.

August 21.-Enemy attacked Twenty-second New York at Smithfield at 7 a.m., and drove them back about two miles; withdrew the regiment to Summit Point; heavy force of the enemy advanced on Winchester road; the division fell slowly back to near Charletown, and bivouacked on right of infantry lines.

August 22.-Infantry having been relieved during the night, the enemy attacked the division soon after daylight and we retired, skirmishing part of the way to near Halltown and took position on right of the infantry lines.

August 23 and 24.-Remained encamped in position.

