
August 25.-Reconnaissance to Kearneysville, leaving camp at 5.30 a.m.; engagement between Kearneysville and Leetown with enemy's cavalry and infantry; retired to position near Halltown.

August 26.-Moved from position at 1 a.m., crossing the Potomac River at Harper's Ferry, and proceeding through Pleasant Valley encamped early in afternoon near Boonsborough.

August 27.-Marched at noon with division, passing through Sharpsburg, and took position on the Hagerstown turnpike, three miles from Sharpsburg; encamped.

August 28.-Moved at daylight, passing through Sharpsburg, and crossing the Potomac at Shepherdstown Ford proceeded to Charlestown, and encamped near the Berryville turnpike.

August 29.-Without movement or event of importance.

August 30.-Marched at meridian with division to near Berryville, and bivouacked in line of battle.

August 31.-Remained in position. The First Vermont made reconnaissance to the Winchester and Front Royal pike, developing nothing of moment.

September 1.-Brigade in camp near Berryville.

September 2.-Marched to vicinity of Charlestown and bivouacked.

September 3.-Marched at daylight to White Post, returning to Millwood and bivouacked.

September 4.-Marched at daylight by country roads to Berryville; 3 p.m. formed line of battle on left of infantry.

September 5 and 6.-In camp without event.

September 7.-Reconnoitered to Opequon; discovered enemy's cavalry pickets on south bank; moved and forced-them back about two miles upon their infantry lines; returned to camp about Berryville.

September 8 to 18.-In camp without event.

September 19.-Brigade moved in rear of division at 2 a.m. up berryville and Winchester pikes to the Opequon. At daylight First Brigade attacked enemy's pickets and drove them back; succeeded in gaining position on the south bank of the Opequon; Second Brigade moved up and formed line of battle on right of pike. At 12 m. division moved to the extreme left flank of army and attacked enemy's cavalry; drove him back in confusion; continued pursuit till dark.

September 20.-Moved via Newtown to Front Royal, and bivouacked.

September 21.-Attacked enemy's cavalry at daylight in position on south bank of Shenandoah; secured crossing, and drove enemy back to Gooney Manor.

September 22.-Marched at daylight toward Milford on country roads, enemy having retired during night; 12 m. found him in position near Milford. Twenty-second New York and First New Hampshire dismounted and made a vigorous attack on right flank, but could not dislodge him. Withdrew at dark, and retired by pike to Bentonville, and bivouacked.

September 23.-Moved to Buckland; returned to Milford.

September 24.-Marched through Milford to Luray Court-House; crossed Shenandoah, and bivouacked near Massanutten Mountain.

September 25.-Crossed mountain; halted at New Market; 5 p.m. moved to Harrisonburg and bivouacked.

September 26.-Moved to Staunton.

September 27.-Moved to Waynesborough.

September 28.-In camp.

