
September 29.-Attacked by enemy; 5 p.m. formed line of battle; skirmish continued till after dark; enemy succeeded in getting possession of pike in rear of this brigade, which was obliged to retire through country on right flank of enemy's line; joined division at Fishersville; marched during night and day of 30th.

DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA.*

August 1.-Captain C. B. Hebble's mounted company 100-days' Pennsylvania volunteers marched to Shimpstown, Pa.; a detachment of Brigadier-General Averell's command marched to Greencastle and Waynesborough to picket roads leading to Potomac River.

August 12.-Sent one company 100-days' infantry and twelve men from Captain Sanno's independent mounted company 100-days' Pennsylvania volunteers from Chambersburg to Scranton, Pa.; one company 100-days' infantry from Fort Washington to Chambersburg.

August 13.-Sent Captain B. Lambert's independent mounted company 100-days' Pennsylvania volunteers and one section of Captain Hastings' [Keystone] battery from Harrisburg to Bloomsburg, Pa.

August 15.-Sent two companies One hundred and eighty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania volunteers and two companies 100-days' Pennsylvania volunteers to Columbia County, Pa.

August 18.-Brandywine District discontinued in General Orders, No. 45, current series, Department of the Susquehanna.

August 19.-Sent Captain E. M. Warren's independent mounted company of 100-days' Pennsylvania volunteers from Harrisburg to Bloody Run.

August 22.-Headquarters Department of the Susquehanna changed from harrisburg to Chambersburg, Pa.

August 26.-Major General George Cadwalader, U. S.volunteers, placed in command of U. S.troops in Columbia County, Pa.; sent four companies Sixteenth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps to Columbia County, Pa.

DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA.+

[December.]-Department of the Susquehanna changed to Department of Pennsylvania, with headquarters at Philadelphia, in General Orders, No. 293, War Department, December 1, 1864.

Cumberland, Franklin, Adams, and York Counties, Pa., annexed to Juniata District, with headquarters at Chambersburg, Pa., in General Orders, No. 77, Department of the Susquehanna, dated December 1, 1864.

December 4.-Sent one section of Battery A, First New York Artillery, from Pittsburg to Chambersburg, Pa.

December 14.-Headquarters Department of Pennsylvania changed from Chambersburg to Philadelphia, Pa.

December 16.-Brigadier General O. S. Ferry, U. S.volunteers, relieved from command of the Juniata District and assigned to duty as military commander of Philadelphia, Pa.

December 21.-Sent detachment of Company D, Twenty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Cavalry, from Stroudsburg to Pottsville, Pa.

December 29.-Sent half of Battery A, First New York Artillery, from Allegheny City to Philadelphia, Pa. The counties of Bucks, Montgomery, Delaware, and Chester annexed to Philadelphia District in General Orders, No. 86, Department of Pennsylvania, dated December 31, 1864; headquarters at Philadelphia, Pa.

---------------

*Commanded by Major General Darius N. Couch.

+Commanded by Major General George Cadwalader.

---------------

