
Return of Casualties in the Union forces, &amp;c.-Continued.

U. S. ARMY.

LieutenantSamuel D. Southworth,2nd Artillery.

LieutenantHenry M. Baldwin,5th Artillery.

U. S. VOLUNTEERS.

Brigadier General Daniel D. Bidwell.

Captain Philip G. Bier, Assistant Adjutant-General.

VERMONT.

Captain Edward Hall,8th Infantry.

LieutenantNathan C. Cheney,8th Infantry.

LieutenantAaron K. Cooper,8th Infantry.

Captain Lucian D. Thompson,10th Infantry.

LieutenantOscar R. Lee,11th Infantry [1st Heavy Artillery].

WEST VIRGINIA.

Colonel Joseph Thoburn,1st Infantry.

Captain Jacob P. Kuykendall,10th Infantry.

LieutenantColonel James R. Hall,13th Infantry.

LieutenantWilliam S. Morrison,14th Infantry.

No. 8. Report of Surg. James T. Ghiselin, U. S. Army, Medical Director, Middle, Military Division, of operations August 27-December 31.

HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE, January 26, 1865.

GENERAL: On the 27th of August, 1864, I reported as medical director of the Middle Military Division, from which date to December 31, 1864, inclusive, I have the honor to report, in brief detail, the operations of the medical department. This report will refer only to the army, as nearly the whole effective forces of this division, composed of the Sixth and Nineteenth Corps, Army of West Virginia, and cavalry, has been in the field, operating under the name of Army of the Middle Military Division, to which my duties have been almost exclusively confined.

My first effort, on arrival, was to ascertain, if possible, the exact condition of the medical department, but the difficulties in the way of obtaining information appeared insurmountable, as no staff department had even an incipient organization; in fact, the confusion was all that might be anticipated in a command so new and composed in part of small commands accustomed to act independently. The veteran Sixth Corps was the only one prepared for a campaign, and its creditable condition was due mainly to the energy and ability of its medical director, Surg. S. A. Holman, U. S. Volunteers. The first steps toward organization consisted in the adoption of a system regulating the formation and management of field hospitals, in prescribing a uniform plan of drawing and issuing medical supplies, and in strictly enforcing the ambulance law. Our base being Harper's Ferry, a depot for medical supplies was opened at once, and a large quantity of the most important field supplies were ordered by telegraph. These were distributed among the corps so as to

