
Cavalry, and Lieutenant Caswell, with First Division Cavalry, who acted as aides to the commanding general. At night the detachment returned to the camp from which it had been driven in the morning.

On the 20th the cavalry pursued the enemy southward. Lieutenant Cross established a station on Round Top, in communication with headquarters, placing Lieutenants Fortney and Butcher in charge at Round Top, and Lieutenants Ireland and Jones at headquarters. Upon the return of the cavalry this line was abandoned. Three Top Mountain being now in our possession, a station was established thereon, Lieutenants Fortney and Butcher in charge. From this station a view of the valley is had as far up as Woodstock. For it a guard of fifty men was furnished by the general commanding. Through Three Top communication was at once established from these headquarters to a station at General Powell's headquarters, in charge of Lieutenant Bariteau. This line is still open and in constant use.

On the 23rd Lieutenant Ireland was sent to General Getty's headquartes, near Strasburg, where he established a station in direct communication with these headquarters and with the station of observation on Three Top. This line is still open.

On the 27th Lieutenants Halsted, Mayell, and Caswell, who had been assigned to the Cavalry Corps, were relieved from duty therewith by my order, and directed to proceed to Winchester, with a view to opening communication thence to these headquarters. Lieutenants Halsted and Caswell are assigned to the station at Winchester, and Lieutenants Mayell and Muhleman to the intermediate station to be established on Round Hill. The officers left for these stations on the 28th. Communication is not yet open.

During the last half mouth I have sent Private. Truesdell to Washington for such signal equipments and stores as are immediately required. Lieutenant Merritt, whom I appointed quartermaster of the detachment, has been dismissed the service, and Lieutenant Hall, acting in his place, has applied to be relieved from duty with the corps. His application has been approved.

Lieutenant Clyde, reported to be under arrest at Cumberland, Md., has been ordered, with the approval of the commanding general, to report for duty.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. H. HOWARD,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer.

LieutenantColonel W. J. L. NICODEMUS,

Acting Chief Signal Officer, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

ADDENDA.

WINCHESTER, December 26, 1864.

Captain O. H. HOWARD,

Chief Signal Officer, Middle Military Division:

DEAR SIR: It is with pleasure I am enabled to acknowledge the valuable services rendered the Government by the detachment of the Signal Corps under your command. Notwithstanding the obstacles that existed at the commencement of the campaign to prevent its perfect efficiency, the duties being new to many of its officers and men, I am obliged to admit that of late these obstacles have been surmounted and the duties have been performed in such a manner as to elicit from me this brief acknowledgment of approbation.

I am, captain, yours truly,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

