
No. 10. Report of LieutenantEdward L. Halsted, Fortieth New York Infantry, Acting Chief Signal Officer, of operations September 1-30.

HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT, Harrisonburg, Va., October 4, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations for the month of September:

1st and 3rd, army at Charlestown, Va. 3rd, army moved to Berryville; 19th, to Winchester; 20th, to Strasburg; 22nd, to Edenburg; 24th, to New Market; 25th, to Harrisonburg.

1st and 2nd, stations in operation from Charlestown to Maryland Heights, the latter being also a post of observation. 3rd, station at Charlestown withdrawn. 3rd to 12th, unsuccessful in keeping up communication between headquarters, near Berryville, and Maryland Heights, owing to weather and atmosphere; distance in direct line, eighteen miles. Lieutenant Merritt ordered to headquarters General Averell, commanding Second Division Cavalry, at Lectown, who opened communication with Maryland Heights at dark. 13th, Lieutenant Brault ordered to Harper's Ferry to communicate with Maryland Heights; to forward dispatches north. 14th and 15th, endeavored to find a point for an intermediate station between headquarters and Maryland Heights, communication being frequently interrupted by the atmosphere and other causes, together with the distance. Lieutenant Jones was sent to Charlestown for the purpose of selecting such a point; returned; reported a tower fifty feet high necessary to communicate; this point was about midway between the two stations; operations toward the construction of said tower ordered by commanding general to be suspended for the present. 17th, Lieutenant Muhleman established station at Martinsburg, communicating with Maryland Heights and General Averell. One brigade of cavalry stationed at Martinsburg, the extreme right of the army. 18th, communication between the various stations continued. 19th, during the battle no stations established, owing to the condition of the country, which prevented lines of communication. The enemy being concealed, no observations could be made. 22nd, at Strasburg; no stations could be located to advantage, as explained in daily record. 23rd, during the march of the army Lieutenants Jones and Butcher occupied the station on Round Hill, but could discover no movements of the enemy, they being too far distant. 24th, stations of communication were established during the march on the flanks, front, and rear. 25th, Lieutenants Merritt and Fortney occupied the extreme southern peak of Peaked Mountain, overlooking the entire position of the enemy, which was reported to commanding general at dark. 27th, communication with the mountain up to this date uninterrupted. Latter stations opened communication with Lieutenant Wiggins at headquarters General Merritt, commanding First Division Cavalry, at or near Port Republic, being the extreme front and left of the army. 28th, stations and communications all right. 29th, Sixth and Nineteenth Corps moved to Mount Crawford, seven miles south of Harrisonburg; Lieutenant Caswell opened station at headquarters Sixth Corps, communicating with these headquarters. 30th, the two corps above mentioned returned to Harrisonburg. Lieutenant Caswell, after being relieved by Lieutenant Wiggins, returned. Cavalry replaced infantry at latter point. Station on Peaked Mountain

