
Captain F. J. Randall, commanding Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Captain James McKnight, commanding Battery M, Fifth U. S. Artillery; First Lieutenant jacob h. Lamb, commanding Battery C, First Rhode Island Light Artillery; First Lieutenant O. R. Van Etten, commanding First New York Independent Battery; Captain G. W. Adams, commanding Battery G, First Rhode Island Light Artillery; Captain G. T. Stevens, Fifth Battery Maine Volunteers; Captain W. H. McCartney, Battery A, Massachusetts Light Artillery.

Respectfully submitted.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel C. KINGSBURY, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Middle Military Division.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,October 18, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to present the following report of the part taken by this corps in the battle at Fisher's Hill on the 22nd of September, including the operations of the preceding day, which wee preliminary thereto:

On the morning of the 20th of September the Sixth Corps moved about daylight from Winchester from Winchester for Strasburg, taking the left of the pike, the Nineteenth Corps, Major-General Emory commanding, taking the right. Following the line of the pike, this corps crossed Cedar Creek, taking position on the right overlooking Strasburg, while the Nineteenth was posted on the left, extending nearly to the road from Strasburg to Front Royal, which was covered by a detached force from General Emory's command. Early on the 21st, the Nineteenth Corps having been thrown forward with its left at the old fort near Strasbrug, I move the Sixth Corps to the right, and, passing the Nineteenth, drove off the enemy's skirmishers and took position in front of the rebel entrenchments of Fisher's Hill. Soon after establishing the line-which was formed in the order from left to right of the First, Second, and party oft eh Third Divisions, the remainder of the latter being in reserve-I went to the right in company with Major-General Sheridan, and found the enemy in possession of a position to the right and front which it was desirable to obtain,a nd which was strongly held by him. Three regiments, two from the Third and one from the Second Division, were sent to take it, but without success, when the remainder of the First Brigade, Second Division-to which one of these regiments belonged-was ordered to carry it. It was done in the most gallant manner, Colonel J. M. Warner, Eleventh Vermont (First Vermont Heavy Artillery), commanding the attacking force. This movement was of the greatest importance to the operations of the next day, as it gave us a view of the enemy's line and afforded excellent positions for artillery, of which we availed ourselves in the more important struggle of the 22nd. Having secured this commanding point, the corps was at once moved forward and to the right to occupy it, a movement which, in the darkness, and owing to the intricacies of the ground, cut up by ravines and covered by dense woods, took nearly all night to accomplish. This movement of the Sixth Corps occasioned a corresponding one on the part of the Nineteenth, which was accomplished early the next morning. In the meanwhile the troops had intrench themselves and the position was secure and the artillery had been brought forward.

