
conduct, both officers and men, in the battles of the 19th and 22nd of September. As in the many fiercely contested struggles from the Rapidan to Petersburg, they have earned by their bravery, their successes, and their losses the gratitude of their country and the cause for which they have battled, and the approval of their fellow soldiers, side by side with whom they have fought. And their crowning achievements in the battles of the Valley will be looked upon with pride by each and every one of them, whose greatest glory will be the claim to have belonged to the Army of the Shenandoah.

A nominal list* of casualties accompanies this report; also the reports of Brigadier General G. W. Getty, commanding Second Division; Brigadier General J. B. Ricketts, commanding Third Division; Brigadier General D. D. Bidwell, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division; Colonel J. M. Warner, commanding First Brigade, Second Division; Colonel George P. Foster, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division; Lieutenant Colonel E. L. Campbell, commanding First Brigade, First Division; Colonel Joseph E. Hamblin, commanding Second Brigade, First Division; Colonel Mackenzie, commanding Second Connecticut Volunteer Heavy Artillery; Lieutenant-Colonel Olcott, commanding One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers; Captain H. C. Fisk, commanding Sixty-fifth New York Volunteers; Captain F. J. Randall, commanding Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Captain James McKnight, commanding Battery M, Fifth U. S. Artillery; First Lieutenant J. H. Lamb, commanding Battery C, First Rhode Island Light Artillery; Lieutenant O. R. Van Etten, commanding First New York Independent Battery; Captain G. W. Adams, commanding Battery G, First Rhode Island Light Artillery; Captain G. T. Stevens, commanding Fifth Battery Maine Volunteers; Captain W. H. McCartney, commanding Battery A, Massachusetts Light Artillery.

Respectfully submitted.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel C. KINGSBURY, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Middle Military Division.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,October 18, 1864.

COLONEL: In compliance with orders from headquarters Middle Military Division, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command from the time of the formation of the Middle Military Division up to the 10th instant:

On the 6th day of August this corps arrived at Halltown from the Monocacy River and took position there on the right, the Second Division, Brigadier-General Getty, resting near to and on the right of the pike, connecting with the Nineteenth Corps, the Third Division, Brigadier-General Ricketts, on the right of the Second, and the First Division, Brigadier-General Russell, on the right and rear of the Third, extending almost to the Potomac, with the picket-line reaching to that river. The corps remained in this position until the morning of the 10th, when it moved at 5 a. m., under directions from headquarters Middle Military Division, through Charlestown, and thence to a point on the Berryville and Middleway pike about one mile and a half from its junction with the Winchester and Berryville pike, and designated in

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 120.

---------------

