
the order of march as Clifton. It encamped here that night, the Nineteenth Corps being on its left, and Colonel Lowell's brigade of cavalry at Summit Point. On the morning of the 11th, at 5 a. m., the march was resumed, the corps moving to the ford of the Opequon Creek on the Winchester and Berryville pike. The enemy held the crossing on the previous evening, citizens, reporting that Breckinridge's corps was there, with some cavalry. The infantry fell back during the night, and upon our advance a small force of cavalry only was found, and this immediately withdrew. After halting about three hours orders were received to move up the right bank of the creek to its crossing on the Millwood pike. This point was reached about 5 p. m. and the corps encamped there for the night, moving at 6 the next morning, by the way of Newtown and Middletown, to the crossing of Cedar Creek on the Strasbrug pike. General Crook had arrived with his command before the arrival of mine, and found the enemy's skirmishers on the south side of the creek. Upon the arrival of my corps skirmishers from the two commands were sent over the creek; those from General Crook on the left of the pike, mine on the right. A slight skirmish fire was dept up from about 4 in the afternoon until 8.

The enemy withdrew before daylight of the 13th, at 7 a. m. of that day this corps received orders and moved toward Strasbrug. The enemy was found in position at Fisher's Hill, about two miles south of Strasburg. At night, in consequence of reports of the enemy being largely re-enforced, the corps was withdrawn to the north side of Cedar Creek, the troops occupying their camps of the day before, and the picket-line being well advanced on the south side. The enemy was found the next morning in his position of the 12th, with a picket-line in front of ours. In the afternoon, by direction of the major-general commanding, I advanced my line, the First Brigade, First Division (Jersey brigade), moving in support. The enemy's line was forced back after some little firing. on the afternoon of the 15th the enemy made an attack on General Crook's pickets on the left of the pike, and his having moved back, my left, being unsupported, fell back a short distance, but was ordered to push forward, and at once regained its former position. At 8 p. m. of the 16th the army commenced withdrawing. This crops covered the movement, marching all night, and reaching Winchester about 5 o'clock the next morning, when it halted for break-fast, thence moving to the crossing of the Opequon, on the Berryville and Winchester pike, and there going into camp. The First Brigade, First Division (Jersey brigade), was left at Winchester, reporting to General Torbert, chief of cavalry, at that place, and was attacked on the afternoon of the 17th, losing about 150, mostly prisoners. Of this affair no report has been received. On the morning of the 18th the corps moved to Welch's Spring, ont he Charlestown and Middleway pike, about two miles from Charlestown, arriving there at 6 p. m. It then went into camp, the First Division on the right of the pike, the Second on the left, and the Third in reserve, and remained in quiet until Sunday, the 21st. On the morning of this day information came that our cavalry at Middleway had been attacked and driven off. I immediately sent staff officers to the division commanders with directions for them to have their troops on the alert, and be ready for an attack by the enemy. Before these officers could reach the division commanders firing was heard on our picket-line. The enemy developed rapidly, mainly on the south side of the road,and kept up a sharp fire, driving in our line on that side of the pike. It was not supposed that driving in our line of that side of the pike. it was not supposed that an advance in force could be made, without notice from our cavalry in

