
their attempt at opposition. The command rested at Woodstock until 1 p. m., when we moved about a mile to the south of Edenburg; and the next morning I was ordered to move with the Sixth and Nineteenth Corps against the enemy, who was reported to have made a stand at Mount jackson. His skirmishers were found at this place, driven through the town, and they then fell back to a line of battle which had been formed by him on Rude's Hill. My advanced batteries commenced shelling his position. Before the troops could be formed to attack, the enemy abandoned the position; we followed-this corps on the left, the Nineteenth on the right of the pike, General Devin, with a small part of his brigade of cavalry, in advance. The pursuit was continued for the whole day. Every attempt was made to engage the enemy but without success. Notwithstanding the great labors and fatigues brought about by battles and marches since the morning of the 19th, there was no lack of disposition on the part of the officers and men to bring the enemy to fight. One stretch of thirteen miles was made without a halt on the part of the infantry. Battery G, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, Captain G. W. Adams commanding, and the First new York Independent Battery, Lieutenant Van Etten commanding, moved with the skirmish line of the cavalry most of the time, and whenever the slightest show of a stand was made by the enemy, opened upon him. The infantry skirmish line was not engaged until almost dark, and then for a short time only. Nothing could induce the enemy to favor us with an engagement, and the troops, very much exhausted, went into camp at dark about four miles south of New Market.

September 25 we moved to Harrisonburg, went into camp, and remained there until the morning of the 29th, when i proceeded, by direction of the major-general commanding Middle Military Division, with the Sixth and Nineteenth Corps to Mount Crawford to support the cavalry in case of a movement in force upon it by the enemy in its return from the operations in which it had been engaged at Staunton and elsewhere. The next day we returned to Harrisonburg and resumed our old camps, nothing worthy of note having occurred on the trip. We remained in camp at Harrisonburg until morning of October 6, when, breaking camp, at 5.30 a. m., we started for Strasburg, reaching that place October 8, having marched on the 6th to Rude's Hill, thence on the 7th to about two miles north of Woodstock, on the 8th to Strasburg. The corps remained on the 9th at the last-named place. This brings us to the time indicated by the order directing this report to be made.

From the length of time embraced this report is necessarily general, is little more than a mere record of the events which have taken place, but I cannot close it without saying in how great a degree my thanks are due to the officers and men of this corps for the patient endurance and bravery displayed in the occurrences mentioned herein. I desire or new the recommendations heretofore made to the major-general commanding, and if it is decided to confer brevets for any grade less than that of general officer, I shall take pleasure in hereafter forwarding the names of officers particularly deserving notice and advancement.

Respectfully submitted.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel C. KINGSBURY, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

