
No. 12. Report of Brigadier General Emory Upton, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of operations September 19.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH ARMY CORPS,September 19, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the First Division while under my command in the battle of Winchester, Va., September 19, 1864:

Immediately after assuming command the line was straightened by moving forward the First and Third Brigades. The division was posted in ;one line, from right to left, as follows, viz: Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery, Sixty-fifth New York Volunteers, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers, Fifteenth New Jersey Volunteers, First and Third Brigades. In the early part of the engagement other troops became mixed up with the First and the Third Brigades, making it extremely hazardous, if not impossible, to restore the proper order while under fire. The right of the line was refused at an angle of 30 degrees. On our right was a portion of the Nineteenth Corps. Having been informed by major Forsyth that General Crook was to make a charge on our extreme right when the movement commenced, the Second Connecticut Volunteer Artillery was ordered forward and directed to open fire on the enemy posted in a wood opposite our right. The Sixty-fifth new York was ordered forward on the left of the Second Connecticut Volunteer Artillery. Subjected to a brisk musketry fire, and pressed on his extreme left by Crook's command, the enemy gave way from the wood in great confusion. The right of the division was moved forward to a fence, behind which the enemy maintained his position opposite the left of the Second Brigade. Colonel Mackenzie, Second Connecticut Volunteer Artillery, threw forward his right wing, and opening a flank fire, soon compelled him to retire. Colonel Hamblin then moved forward the left of his line to the fence. The division being in but one line and without support, a staff officer was sent to a brigade of the Nineteenth Corps, about half a mile in the rear, to bring it forward if possible, but it was not permitted to advance. Driven from the wood on his left, and compelled to retire in our front, the enemy formed his line along the crest near a brick house on the Berryville pike, his left being refused at a right angle, the angle being opposite the right of First Division. Repeated efforts had been made to have Colonel Thomas, of the Nineteenth Corps, open fire on the enemy's line refused, which from behind a stone wall was resisting General Crook's advance. Upon his failing to open fire, Colonel Mackneie was directed to take, first four companies, then his whole regiment, forward to a position at right angles to the wall. As soon as in position he opened fire, enfilading the wall and driving the enemy quickly from his position at right angles to the wall. As soon as in position he opened fire, enfilading the wall and driving the enemy quickly from his position. Colonel hamblin at the same time moved forward his line, connecting with the Second Connecticut. Colonel Mackenzie was then directed to change front forward on his left, and moving slightly by the right flank, his right connected with General Crook's left, behind the stone wall from which the enemy had just been driven. Colonel Hamblin was directed to change front forward on his left, while at the same time orders wee sent to Colonel Edwards and Colonel Campbell to advance the Third and First Brigades. As soon as Colonel Hamblin and Colonel Mackenzie had changed front, they again opened fire upon the enemy posted on

