
the crest near the brick house. he immediately gave way, when a charge gave us possession of the crest which completely commanded the enemy's final position. Just as the crest was gained, Colonel Edwards emerged from the woods with his brigade marching in beautiful order and giving great confidence to the troops engaged. At this moment, being disabled, the command of the division devolved upon Colonel Edwards, of the Third Brigade.

The conduct of both officers and men during the engagement was admirable. There was no straggling, while every one seeing our advantages pressed forward with great enthusiasm. Colonel hamblin commanded his brigade very successfully during the action. Colonel Mackenzie is entitled to especial mention for the fearlessness with which he led his regiment and the ability he displayed in commanding it during the entire action. His regiment on the right initiated nearly every movement of the division and behaved with great steadiness and gallantry. The Sixty-fifth New York, Thirty seventh massachusetts, One hundred and twenty-first New York, and Fifteenth New Jersey Volunteers charged the crest near the brick ;house, carrying it in most beautiful style. Major H. R. Dalton, assistant adjutant-general of the division, Captain William P. Roome, assistant adjutant-general, Second Brigade, and Captain Russell, aide-de-camp, distinguished themselves by repeated acts of gallantry. Without hint or suggestion these officers hastened wherever danger was the most threatening, and by their personal example contributed greatly to the success of the day. I have never known in battle staff officers to do their duty more nobly or efficiently.

Captain A. M. Tyler, commissary of musters of the division, while in front of a regiment leading it into action, was wounded and had his horse shot.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. UPTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major C. A. WHITTIER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixth Corps.

No. 13. Report of Major Henry R. Dalton, Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, of operations of the First Division September 19.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,September 30, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of this command at the late engagement at the Opequon, in compliance with orders from headquarters Sixth Army Corps, of the 26th instant:

On Monday, the 19th instant, the division broke camp at 2 a. m.; moved across country to the Berryville pike; from thence via the pike to within three miles of Winchester, when it went into position in support of the other divisions of the corps-the First Brigade, Lieutenant Colonel E. L. Campbell, Fifteenth New Jersey Volunteers, commanding, supporting the Third Division on the left of the pike; the Third Brigade, Colonel O. Edwards, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, commanding, on the left of the pike, supporting the Second Division; the Second Brigade

