
moving by the flank up the pike. The enemy having pushed back the Second Division of the Nineteenth Corps and a portion of the Third Division of this corps, moved down toward the pike, delivering a severe fire of musketry from the woods and corn-fields on the right. The Third Brigade was now rapidly moved by the flank to the right of the pike, then forward, with the First Brigade, under a heavy fire, to a crest commanding the woods and field through which the enemy moved. This advance was very much assisted by the First New York Battery, commanded by Lieutenant Johnson, which did splendid execution, and was fought with gallantry, under a very annoying musketry fire. At this time General Upton moved his brigade into line to the right of the pike at an oblique angle to it, thence forward into the woods, delivering heavy volleys into masses of the enemy, who were coming up. this fresh fire from the Second Brigade soon caused the enemy to fall back, so that the whole line moved forward to a position which was easily held till the latter part of the afternoon, though occasionally sharp musketry fire was interchanged. While personally superintending the advance of the First and Third Brigades to the crest previously referred to, and which he considered of the utmost importance, General Russell was killed by a piece of shell, which passed through his heart. He had just before received a bullet wound in the left breast, but had not mentioned this to any of his staff, continuing to urge forward his troops. In this advance Captain a. M. Tyler, commissary of musters of the division, was severely wounded in the hand while leading the Thirty-seventh massachusetts Volunteers, belonging to the Third Brigade.

On the death of General Russell, Brigadier General Emory Upton assumed command, by order of Major General H. G. Wright, but there being necessarily some delay in giving information of General Russell's death to General Wright, and transmitting the order of General Wright to General Upton to take command, Colonel O. Edwards superintended the movements of his own and the First Brigade, carrying out the design of General Russell, which he did, fighting his troops with great gallantry and coolness. The formation of the division after the engagement of the morning, being from left to right-Third Brigade, First Brigade, Second Brigade-the left resting near the horse on or near the pike, the right brigade crocheted to the rear and one regiment on its right at right angles, making a connection with the general line of the Nineteenth Corps, Brigadier-General Grover's division, though in advance of it some 150 yards. At 4 p. m., the enemy having been routed on the right by the charge of General Crook's troops, moved down in some confusion along the front of the Nineteenth Corps, and that of the Second Brigade. This being observed, General Upton ordered the right regiment, mentioned above, to move forward double-quick to a crest some 200 yards in advance, which it did under an annoying musketry fire; from this crest a well-directed fire on the enemy caused him to continue his flight in still greater confusion than before. The remainder of this brigade was then swung round and forwarded, the left being the pivot, and a connection was formed with General Crook's command, Colonel George D. Wells' brigade, when a general advance was made from crest to crest, the enemy giving way without serious opposition. During this general advance, Brigadier-General Upton was wounded by a shell while urging forward the troops. The command then devolved upon Colonel Edwards, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, under whose superintendence the division made

