
its final forward movement, carrying the last crest contested for by the enemy. At dark the division bivouacked on the east side of Winchester.

The death of Brigadier General D. A. Russell, and the absence of Brigadier General E. Upton, on account of his wound, renders it necessary that this report should be submitted by the undersigned.

The reports of brigade commanders, with their lists of casualties, together with a consolidated list, is herewith transmitted.*

It is not inappropriate before concluding this report to refer to the blameless lief and noble death of the late commander of this division. General Russell had the entire confidence of his officers and men; there was not a single exception. he had won their respect and confidence by an unselfish lee, devoted to no other interest but that of his country. His death will long be regretted by them. To his nearer friends General Russell's life will always be remembered with affection, his death most deeply mourned.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY R. DALTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major C. A. WHITTIER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixth Corps.

No. 14. Reports of Captain Baldwin Hufty, Fourth New Jersey Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations August 10-October 15 and October 19.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,October 25, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with Special orders, No. 56, headquarters Middle Military Division, October 15, 1864, I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of this brigade from the organization of the Middle Military Division:

On the 10th day of August the brigade took up the line of march from Bolivar Heights, passing through Charlestown, Va., leaving Winchester to the right, and taking the road to Strasburg, which place we reached on the morning of August 13. On the 14th day of August the brigade was ordered to the support of the skirmish line, which advanced in the course of the afternoon, driving the rebel skirmishers before it, but not requiring any assistance from the brigade. On the morning of the 15th the whole of the brigade was deployed as skirmishers, occupying an extended line. A portion of the line was advanced in the morning, driving the rebel skirmish line beyond the town of Strasburg. The advanced line was afterward withdrawn to its original position. In the afternoon the enemy made a determined attack upon our lines; succeed in pushing us 300 yards. The men were, however, easily rallied, returned to the attack,and regained their old position, which we were successful in holding the remainder of the afternoon in spite of the efforts of the enemy to dislodge us. On the night of the 16th our brigade was withdrawn from its advanced position, and with the balance of the army took up the match for Winchester,

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 112.

