
to advance, or rather prepared to advance, our brigade, together with the Second Brigade, was pushed forward with alacrity, leaving the troops on our right and left far in the rear. The enemy broke in confusion and scattered in all directions. We did not allow them time to reform, but followed them so closely that they were able to make but trifling resistance. At dark the enemy were driven from the field, and we occupied the camps we had been forced to abandon in the morning.

Out of 28 officers and 598 enlisted men, which we took in the action, we lost in killed, wounded, and missing 10 [11] officers and 154 enlisted men.

BALDWIN HUFTY,

Captain, Commanding Brigade.

[Captain S. W. RUSSELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

No. 15. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edward L. Campbell, Fifteenth New Jersey Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations September 19-22.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADIER, FIRST DIV., SIXTH ARMY CORPS,September 26, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command during the late engagements at the Opequon and Fisher's Hill on the 19th, and 22nd instant:

Immediately upon arriving in front of the enemy's position near the Opequon the command was formed in reserve in rear of the left of the Third Division, Sixth Corps, with orders to advance by the left of battalions to the front in such direction that the right of the brigade, when wheeled into line, would rest upon the berryville turnpike, keeping abut 300 yards in rear of the line in front. Went forward from this position with the general advance at about 12 m. After passing over a wooded hill and moving out upon the open ground a considerable fire of artillery and infantry was encountered, and seeing the Third Brigade, on my left, forming line I also wheeled into line of battle and moved forward in this manner, inclining to the right until my center moved along the turnpike, the Third Brigade having in its formation covered half of my front. After advancing a few hundred yards farther the front lines, which had apparently carried the enemy's position, began to give way, being evidently pushed back by a strong force of the enemy. I pushed my command forward rapidly in order to gain the crest of a hill beyond a ravine before the enemy and check him at that point, but seeing the Third Brigade on my left halt, and return a little to higher ground, I also halted my left, extending through the ravine mentioned above, which here carved sharp to the rear. At this time I received an order from General Getty, commanding Second Division, to detach my right battalion and send it forward in the front lines to drive the enemy from a crohn-field through which he was advancing. The Fifteenth New Jersey was quickly moved forward across the ravine to the crest of the corn side. Here it was halted (everything having given away to the right and left), which orders to hold the enemy as long as possible. The retiring front lines crowded into the ravine and came in such dense unorganized masses upon the

