
front of my remaining two battalions that it was with the utmost difficulty they were arrested. Very nearly all, however, were prevented from going to the rear, and by the assistance of their won officers moved forward again at the next advance. At this time I received an order from the late General Russell to move to the right and form on the brow of the hill on the left of the Third Brigade, which had been moved from my left and formed a short distance on my right. This was probably the last order issued by our large dearly loved and deeply lamented division commander. The movement was executed, and fire immediately open upon the enemy, who was moving forward on the hill beyond the ravine. The advance of the enemy being checked, the line was immediately pushed forward to the top of the hill beyond the ravine, my left resting at a dwelling-house on the right of the turnpike. From twenty to thirty prisoners were taken here by the Tenth New Jersey Volunteers.

The position being good here I remained waiting for further orders, organizing my line, and endeavoring to form a second line of troops which had been pushed forward in its front. About half an hour afterward, by order of General Upton, then in command of the division, my line was pushed rapidly across the next field to the edge of a corn-field on still higher ground, the enemy retiring before a sharp file fire. here my command remained for some time and until the final advance in the afternoon. The Fifteenth New Jersey, which was detached by order of General Getty, as above stated, held its position until attacked in flank by the enemy moving down the ravine to its right, when it retired, moving found the left of the reserve line and reforming close in the rear. It was now, by direction of Colonel Edwards, commanding Third Brigade,,placed on the right of his brigade to fill an interval between it and the Second Brigade, where it remained during the remainder of the action, taking an efficient and creditable part in the final advance and taking quite a number of prisoners. Toward evening a general advance was ordered, and my command, being thoroughly reformed, moved steadily forward until, the enemy having been entirely driven from the field, it was encamped for the night on the south side of the town of Winchester.

On the 21st instant this command again came in contact with the enemy at Fisher's Hill. The brigade was first formed in two lines, by order of General Wheaton, commanding division, with the right resting on the Manassas Gap Railroad, connecting with the Second Division, and the left connecting with the Second Brigade, First Division, where it remained until about 1.30 a. m. on the morning of the 22nd, nothing having occurred beyond sharp skirmishing in front. It was then moved off to the right on a high wooded hill to reform a connection with the Second Division, which had moved tot he right early in the evening of the day previous. Here it was entrenched, and remained in position until some time in the afternoon, the skirmishers being warmly engaged and driving those of the enemy. About 3 p. m. I was ordered to move forward, conforming my movements to those of the Second Division, on the right, which was about to advance. The movement was continue until the enemy's skirmishers were entirely driven in and we encountered the fire of his artillery, when the Second Division halted,a nd my command was also halted. A deep ravine, wit a difficult ascent upon the enemy's side, now only separated us from his works, which ran along the declivity and around the angle of the opposite hill in my immediate front, hidden by a wood which entirely masked his artillery.

