
No. 176. - Colonel James P. Simms, Fifty-third Georgia Infantry, commanding brigade, Kershaw's division, First (Longstreet's) Corps, of operations August 3-October 20.

No. 177. - Brigadier General James Conner, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations September 13.

No. 178. - Major James M. Goggin, Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army, commanding Conner's brigade, of operations October 19.

No. 179. - Abstract from inspection report of Smith's brigade, Wharton's division, for September 29.

No. 180. - Abstract from inspection report of Patton's brigade, for September 29.

No. 181. - Brigadier General Bryan Grimes, C. S. Army, commanding Rodes' (or Ramseur's) division, Second Army Corps, of operations October 18-19.

No. 182. - Abstract from inspection report of Rodes' division, for September 30.

No. 183. - Colonel David G. Cowand, Thirty-second North Carolina Infantry, commanding Grimes' brigade, of operations June 13-December 31.

No. 184. - Colonel John R. Winston, Forty-fifth North Carolina Infantry, commanding Forty-third and Forty-fifth North Carolina Infantry, of operations October 19.

No. 185. - Abstract from inspection report of Gordon's division, Early's corps, for August 21.

No. 186. - Major General Lunsford L. Lomax, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division, of operations September 19-November 2 and 12.

No. 187. - Brigadier General John McCausland, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations November 12.

No. 188. - Colonel Edwin G. Lee, Thirty-third Virginia Infantry, of operations September 28.

No. 1. Reports of Major General Philip H. Sheridan, U. S. Army, commanidng Middle Military Division, including operations August 4, 1864-February 27, 1865.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,In Camp eight Miles South of Winchester, Va., August 11, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that at 5 o'clock yesterday morning (10th) I marched my command from Harper's Ferry up the Shenandoah valley, and went into position in the evening, with the right of my line resting at Clifton and left at Berryville. Lowell's brigade of cavalry at Summit Point, the balance of cavalry on the Millwood and Winchester pike. The enemy broke up camp at bunker Hill at about the same hour, moved toward Winchester, and went into position, his right commanded by Breckinridge, on the Berryville pike, and left on road running from Summit Point to Winchester, his transportation being at this pint - Winchester. during the night this line was abandoned by him, excepting so much as rested on the Berryville pike, and a precipitate retreat toward Stauntion commenced. The Berryville pike was given up by Breckinridge at about 9 a.m. to-day, and the movement of the entire force of the enemy was toward the Front royal pike, down which it attempted to pass, but was prevented by General merritt, after a sharp fight, in which he (Merritt) got possession of the pike, forcing the enemy to take the Strasburg and Cedar Creek road. At about 11 a. m. General Custer was crossed over Opequon Creek, advanced on Winchester, and opened with artillery on the enemy's column, while the infantry was moved up Opequon Creek, on the east

2 R R-VOL XLIII, PT I

