
After lying in this position for about an hour General Wheaton, commanding division, directed me to push forward a skirmish line and advance upon the enemy's position with my front line, without regard to the Second Division. A detachment of the Tenth New Jersey, under Lieutenant Wilson and Pine, was immediately deployed in front of the first line, formed by the Fourth New Jersey, Captain Hufty, and Captain paul, acting assistant adjutant-general, charged with their direction. At the command the troops moved forward with alacrity, the Second Brigade being abreast on the left and the Second Division coming up promptly on the right. So rapidly did the men dash up the hill that the enemy had no time to reload their pieces, after the first discharge, before our men were upon them, and receiving a heavy fire they broke and fled in utter confusion, leaving their artillery, which was promptly prevented from getting away by our skirmishers, who were led by Captain paul, into the earth-works, close upon the enemy's heels. Here, in accordance with directions previously received, I endeavored to haled and reform, but so eager were the men to pursue the flying enemy, who were scattered thickly over the ground to the front in full sight, that it was impossible to check them. We, therefore, pushed forward in pursuit until dark, taking quite a number of prisoners. The enemy made two feeble attempts to rally, but in vain. The rear-lines coming up, my command was formed, by direction of General Wheaton, upon the right of the turnpike, and allowed a short time to get their supper before commencing the farther pursuit, which lasted all night.

the casualties of this command on the 19th, 21st, and 22nd instant amounted to 8 officers and 100 enlisted men killed and wounded, or about one-fourth of the officers and one fifth of the men composing the fighting force. A full list accompanies this report.*

During the operations above reported my whole command behaved entirely to my satisfaction, and however, neglect to make special mention of Captain Paul for promptly leading the skirmishers into the enemy's works, thus preventing the escape and securing the capture of the artillery, and also Captain Hufty, commanding Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, for the rapid and determined manner in which he moved his troops upon the enemy's position, securing their hasty and total defeat.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. L. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant Colonel Fifteenth New Jersey Vols., in command of brigade.

Major DALTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST BRIGADIER, 1ST DIV., 6TH A. C.

No. 20. September 27, 1864.

I take pleasure in congratulating the officers and men of this command upon the highly honorable and successful part they have taken int he recent engagement at the Opequon and Fisher's Hill on the 19th, 21st, and 22nd instant.

At the former positions the Fourth and Tenth, by their steady discipline and determined bravery, arrested the retreat of the front lines, checked the progress of the enemy in their front, and promptly advancing,

---------------

*Embodied in tables, pp. 112, 120.

---------------

