
drove him from his position, taking quite a number of prisoners. The Fifteenth, when ordered to support the front lines, then giving way, moved gallantly forward, took and held their position until everything had given way to the right and left and they were attacked in flank. Being forced from its position it promptly closed in rear of the reserve line then engaged, retook its position in the front line, being second to none in the final charge, which swept the enemy from the field, losing heavily and capturing a number of prisoners.

At Fisher's Hill much credit is due to the Fifteenth and a detachment of the Tenth for their determined and excellent skirmishing on the 21st and the morning of the 22nd. The prompt manner in which the skirmish details just relieved assembled and formed for action in the midst of the engagement of the 22nd was exceedingly gratifying. It fell to the lot of the Fourth, under Captain Hufty, forming the front line, and skirmish line of the Tenth, under Lieutenants Wilson and Pine, to crown the victory of the 22nd. Prompt at the word of command they dashed impetuously forward, very first in the charge, first in the enemy's works, capturing his artillery, first everywhere, and, finally, the first re-organized command after the battle was over.

The command has behaved entirely to my satisfaction, and where all did so well it is a delicate duty to name individuals, but I cannot neglect to tender my thanks to Major Boemna, commanding Tenth, and Captain Hufty, commanding Fourth, and Captain Cornish, commanding Fifteenth, for their untiring energy, and the praiseworthy manner in which their commands were manoeuvered; also Captain Paul and Captain Tunis, of the brigade staff, for their active promptness in the execution of all orders regardless of personal danger, and their essential assistance in the management of the command.

Again we mourn the loss of our best and bravest, but do not forget that your valor has erected to their memory a monument more enduring than any ever built of brass or marble.

I regret to know that each battalion has a few skulkers. Let them receive prompt punishment from their officers and the scorn and contempt of their comrades.

E. L. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant Colonel Fifteenth New Jersey Vols, in command of brigade.

No. 16. Report of Captain Baldwin Hufty, Fourth New Jersey Infantry, of operations August 7-October 18.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,October 18, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, No. 56, headquarters Middle Military Division, October 15, 1864, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this regiment from the organization of the Middle Military Division up to the 18th instant:

On the 7th of august the army was in camp outside of Bolivar Heights, nothing of interest occurring until the 10th, when the regiment broke camp, taking the road through Charlestown, and camped about 4 p. m. August 11, left Winchester to the right and camped at 6 p. m. August 12, marched through Newtown and Middletown; camped near Cedar Creek. August 13, crossed Cedar Creek and camped about half a

