
mile from Strasburg, but in the evening recrossed the creek. August 14, the regiment, in company with the rest of the brigade, were detailed to support the skirmish line, which was advanced, driving the skirmish line of the enemy before it, but not requiring our assistance were not called into action. In the evening a portion of the regiment were detailed as pickets. August 15, the regiment was formed on the skirmish line, the left connecting with the Tenth Regiment. About 3 p. m. the enemy made a determined attack on the line to the left of the position held by the Fourth, but a few shots sent them under cover of the woods, and no further disturbance occurred in front of the Fourth. August 16, remained on picket during the day. At 9 ap. m. withdrew the line and, taking the Winchester pike, marched all night. August 17, fought first battle of Winchester, a report of which accompanies this:

Report of first battle of Winchester.-The brigade having ben detailed to support the cavalry, under General Torbert, which covered the rear of the army, the Fifteenth Regiment was deployed, covering the Winchester pike. The Tenth Regiment deployed on the left, and the Fourth in the center, covering one or two small roads,t he command well protected by stone walls, trees, &amp;c. In the meantime the cavalry had been skirmishing and resisting the advance of the enemy, and about 3 p. m. made their appearance in front of the brigade. An attack was immediately made on the skirmish line of the Fifteenth Regiment, extending to the right of the Fourth and soon afterward the whole line acme engaged. During the afternoon a heavy column of the enemy was observed deploying along our whole front, betokening an assault on our position. Just before dusk our anticipations were realized, and an advance of the rebel lines was made in such number we were forced back after strong resistance, and our flank becoming exposed to an enfilading fire rendered it necessary to retire. The left of the Fourth and the Tenth had also received the attack, forcing them to withdraw, and in their efforts to escape a large number were captured. After strong efforts a portion of the brigade was rallied an covered the approach to the town of Winchester until the artillery was withdrawn. The whole command then fell back. Our loss in the affair was 2 men wounded, 1 officer and 37 men missing.

August 18, marched to Charlestown and camped. August 19 and 20, remained in camp, a portion of the regiment on picket. August 21, the enemy made an attack on our position but their efforts were repulsed. The regiment was not called into action except the portion which was on picket and which was skirmishing all day; at midnight withdrew. August 22, formed line at Halltown. August 23 to 27, nothing of interest occurred. August 28, marched to Charlestown. August 29 to September 2, remained in camp. September 3, marched to Clifton and camped. September 4, a demonstration made by the rebels on our front, bud did not result in anything. September 5 to 18, remained in camp engaged in usual camp duties. September 19 to 22, fought battles of Winchester of Opequon and Strasburg. September 23, pursued the rebels thought Mount Jackson and New Market, following them closely all day. September 25, the regiment was detailed as skirmishers and advanced as such as far as Harrisonburg, where it went into camp. No resistance was made to our advance, they (the enemy) having taken a road to the left toward the mountains. September 26, 27, 28, remained in camp. September 29, marched to Mount Crawford. September 30, returned to Harrisonburg.

