
October 1 to 5, remained in camp. October 6, marched beyond New Market toward Mount Jackson. October 7, marched beyond Woodstock and encamped. October 8, marched to Strasburg and encamped. October 9, remained. October 10, marched to Front Royal.

Respectfully, yours,

BALDWIN HUFTY,

Captain, Fourth Regiment New Jersey Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain C. R. PAUL,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, First Div., Sixth Corps.

No. 17. Report of Brigadier General Emory Upton, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of operations September 19.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,September 19, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Second Brigade while under my command in the battle of the Opequon, September 19, 1864:

The brigade broke camp at 3 a. m., crossed the Opequon at 8 a. m. near the Berryville pike, continued the march about two miles, when it was halted on the left of the pike, and held in reserve. At twenty minutes to 12 I was directed to move to the front, keeping within supporting distance of the troops engaged. The movement was made in two lines-the Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery leading and moving by the left of wing, the One hundred and twenty-first New York followed the right and the Sixty-fifth New York the left wing, both regiments moving by the left flank. After marching about half a mile, the troops on the right of the pike gave way. Line was immediately formed, and soon after Lieutenant-Colonel Kent gave me the order to move the brigade to the right. The brigade was faced to the right and marched accroach the pike into a narrow belt of timber, where the second line was halted and faced to the front. The Second Connecticut continued the march, inclining to the right, making our line oblique to that upon which the enemy was advancing. Bayonets were fixed and instructions given not to fire until within close range. The enemy's left, extending far beyond our right, advanced till within 200 yards of our line, when a brisk flank fire was opened by the One hundred and twenty-first New York and Sixty-fifth New York, causing him to retire in great disorder. The Second Connecticut immediately moved forward and opened fire. The whole line then advanced, driving the enemy and inflicting a heavy loss in killed and wounded. The brigade was halted at the edge of the wood, which position it held till the attack was renewed in the afternoon. The brigade during this contest behaved with great steadiness, moved into position under fire, received the enemy with a cool and well-directed fire, and then advancing, regained the ground previously lost. On the left of the brigade the Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers rendered invaluable service in supporting Stevens' battery. At the moment the brigade halted Major Dalton informed me of the death of General Russell, and that

