
killed; and Captain Roome, assistant adjutant-general, Colonel Hamblin and Lieutenant Byrnes, Sixty-fifth New York; Colonel Mackenzie, Captain Fenn, Lieutenant Sanford, and Lieutenant Gregory, Second Connecticut; Captain Douw, Captain Burrell, and Lieutenant Johnson, One hundred and twenty-first New York, and Lieutenant Simpson and Lieutenant Russell, battalion Ninety-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, were wounded.

The troops on the right, being hard pressed, were ordered to retire, and this brigade was ordered to conform to their movements, to fall back slowly and take up a position on a crest a few hundred yards to the rear. But, in the meantime, the enemy had discovered and taken advantage of the gap on the left, and had succeeded in placing himself directly on the left flank of the brigade and not 200 yards from it. The brigade was, therefore; obliged to move rapidly tot he rear. As soon, however, as it had been extricated from this position, a new line was formed, about 1,500 yards from the first and at nearly right angles to it. Here the brigade remained some time, the command falling upon Colonel Mackenzie, Colonel Hamblin being obliged to go to the rear on account of his wound.

The order to retreat still farther being given, the Second Connecticut and One hundred and twenty-first New York were deployed as skirmishers, with instructions to retire slowly, from crest to crest, holding the enemy in check if he advanced, the Sixty-fifth New York and Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers marching with the division. The brigade retired in this manner more than a mile, when it was faced about and advanced nearly the same distance and formed in two lines in a wood tot he right of the Third Division in the following order from the left: first line, Sixty-fifth New York, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and eight companies Second Connecticut; second line;One hundred and twenty-first New York, two companies Second Connecticut and First Brigade. The brigade remained I this position two or three hours. Colonel Mackenzie, though wounded, assumed command of the first line; Lieutenant-Colonel Olcott, One hundred and twenty-first New York, was directed by General Wheaton to take command of the second, including the First Brigade. The order to advance was given between 3 and 4 o'clock. The first line moved gallantly to the edge of the wood, then meeting a galling fire, it hesitated, but, inspired by the noble bravery and example of Colonel Mackenzie, it pressed forward to a crest some 150 yards in front. It appearing unable to advance farther, and in some danger of being forced back, Lieutenant-Colonel Olcott, agreeably to instructions from General Wheaton, charged with the second line. The two lines joined in the charge, and drove the enemy from a commanding crest 400 or 500 yards in advance. In this charge Colonel mackenzie, while in front of his men, was again wounded and taken off the field. The command then fell to Lieutenant-Colonel Olcott. The brigade was forced to halt upon the crest on account of the Third Division breaking, leaving nothing on its left flank. While the Third Division was being reformed behind a stone wall some 300 yards to the rear the brigade was exposed to a most severe artillery and infantry fire, but firmly held the position (which appeared to be the key to the whole line) for full half an hour, and until, in fact, the troops on the left could again be prepared to charge. General Wheaton, in the meantime, directed that as soon as the left advanced the line should press forward. No sooner, therefore, if the Third Division show any sign of a movement than the brigade was ordered forward. It obeyed without a moment's hesitation. From the fact that the brigade was

