
one mile and a half to right of Strasburg, opposite the extreme left of the enemy's entrenched position. The Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, skirmishing, led the advance. The brigade took position in two lines on a commanding crest, screened by a think skirt of timber, the One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers, with Second Connecticut on its right, in front line, connecting with First Brigade on the right, the Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, with Sixty-fifth New York Volunteers on its right, in second line. Two hundred of the Second Connecticut Volunteers, thrown forward, under command of Lieutenant Colonel James Hubbard, corps officer of the day, engaged the enemy's picket-line. They were relived at dusk by the sixty-fifth New York State Volunteers, who remained on this duty after the crops had changed its position, and were not relieved in time to join the brigade until after the charge of the following day. About 11 o'clock at night the command, following the movements of the First Brigade, marched by the right flank, about one mile to the right, taking position, as before, in two lines, and immediately throwing up breast-works, the Nineteenth Corps connecting with our left at 5 a. m. About 3 p. m. the line advanced, conforming its movement to those of the First Brigade, on the right, changed direction to the right, drove the enemy's skirmishers from the wood in front, and took up position on crest bounding a deep ravine in front, forming a single line, the Second Connecticut on right, with ninety-fifth pennsylvania Volunteers and One hundred and twenty-first New York State Volunteers, the two latter regiments forming a line refused at nearly right angles with the Second Connecticut, facing the railroad, leaving an interval of 400 paces between the left of the One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers and right of Nineteenth Corps. After and hour's halt the whole line moved forward, the Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers and One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers by right flank, over very uneven ground, into the enemy's works, which were carried without difficulty or serious loss. Reforming upon the ground lately occupied by the enemy, we continued the pursuit all night and the next day until about 5 p. m., camping near Edenburg, Va. The casualties in this action were-killed, 4 enlisted men; wounded, 1 officer and 27 enlisted men; total, 32.

The conduct of all officers and men on both occasions was most commendable. The greatest trouble was the difficulty of restraining their enthusiasm and impatience.

I have, in a former report, called the attention of the commanding general to the merits of Colonel R. S. Mackenzie, commanding Second Connecticut Volunteer Artillery, and Captain William P. Roome, assistant adjutant-general, whose gallantry and abilities deserve special notice.

Herewith I inclose detailed reports of the parts taken in the above actions by the Sixth-fifth New York Volunteers, Second Connecticut Volunteer Heavy Artillery, One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers, and Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, also a nominal list of casualties.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JO. E. HAMBLIN,

Colonel Sixty-fifth New York State Vols., Commanding Brigade.

Major HENRY R. DALTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division, Sixth Corps.

