
the battles of the 19th and 22nd. he was corps officer of the day, and was in charge of the picket-line during the engagement. Captains Jones, Hosford, and Fenn came particularly under my notice for coolness and control of their companies sunder fire. Color Corpl. Charles Traver Distinguished himself by an extraordinary display of gallantry in both engagements. I also wish to mention Sergt. Major Frederick A. Lucas, Corporal Munson, of Company D, and Private O'Rourke, of Company B, for good conduct at Fisher's Hill.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RANALD S. MACKENZIE,

Colonel Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery.

No. 21. Reports of Captain Henry C. Fisk, Sixty-fifth New York Infantry, of operations September 19-22.
HDQRS. SIXTY-FIFTH NEW YORK STATE VOLUNTEERS,Near Mount Crawford, Va., September 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that this regiment, under command of Colonel Joseph E. Hamblin, broke camp at 3 a. m. on the 19th instant. Moving on the right of the Berryville and Winchester pike road we crossed the Opequon Creek at 8 a. m. and halted in a ravine on the left side of the road at 9. About 11 a. m. moved to the front by the right flank, following and confirming to the movements of the Second Battalion, Second Connecticut Volunteer Heavy Artillery. Having advanced some 600 yards, line was formed in rear of Second Battalion, Second Connecticut Volunteer Heavy Artillery, and on the left of the One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers. We were then moved rapidly across the road by the right flank and halted in an open wood, the Second Connecticut Volunteer Heavy Artillery moving still farther tot he right and forming ont he right of the Sixty-fifth New York Volunteers. The enemy soon appeared in force. The order to commence firing being given, a few volleys at short range caused them or entire in confusion. An advance of some 200 yards followed immediately, during which thirteen prisoners were taken. We were halted int he edge of the wood and ordered to lie down. About 12 m. Colonel Hamblin was called to take command of the brigade. About 3 p. m. we were ordered forward, in conjunction with a charge of the Eighth Corps on the extreme right. From this time our advance was continuous, with the exception of a short halt for the purpose of reforming, during which we suffered from a severe artillery fire, until we halted on the north side of Winchester near the Martinsburg pike road at sunset. At 8 p. m. we were moved to the west side of the city and bivouacked for the night.

The conduct of officers and men was gallant in the extreme, it being difficult to restrain them.

The following is a numerical list of casualties in the regiment during the day: Killed, 5; wounded, 24; total, 29.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY C. FISK,

Captain, Commanding Sixty-fifth New York Volunteers.

Captain W. P. ROOME,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

---------------

*But see revised table, p. 112.

---------------

