HDQRS. SIXTY-FIFTH NEW YORK STATE VOLUNTEERS,Near Mount Crawford, Va., September 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that this regiment moved from camp near Cedar Creek, at 12 m. on the 21st instant, to about one mile west of the town of Strasburg. Shortly after dark it was sent to relieve a portion of the skirmish line. During the night the Sixth Corps was moved to the right and the Nineteenth Corps occupied that portion of the line left vacant. At daylight of the morning of the 22nd a brisk fire was opened by a heavy line of the enemy's skirmishers, which was continued at intervals until 1 p. m., when a charge was made by a portion of the Nineteenth Corps, driving in that part of the enemy's line in our immediately front. The regiment was ordered to remain on its old line by the corps officer of the day until further orders from him. About 4 p. m., and advance of the line being ordered, I assembled the regiment, procured a supply of ammunition, and moved out to join the brigade, which I did about 5.30 p. m., near Fisher's Hill.

The regiment lost but one man during the day, Private Conrad Frank, Company D, mortally wounded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY C. FISK,

Captain, Commanding Sixty-fifth New York State Volunteers.

Captain W. P. ROOME,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

No. 22. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Egbert Olcott, One hundred and twenty-first New York, Infantry, of operations September 22.
HDQRS. 121ST REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Harrisonburg, Va., September 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from brigade headquarters, i have the honor to report that about 1 a. m. of the 22nd instant this regiment formed a portion of the second line of battle in rear of the Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery, the First Brigade on the right, the Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania on the left. The regiment remained in that position until about 3 p. m., when it advanced, following the movements of the first line. The first line becoming engaged, this regiment, together with the Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania, was moved to the left, extending the first line, forming the extreme left of the Sixth Corps, a space of about 400 yards between it and the Nineteenth Corps. Remained in this position until ordered to advance, conforming to the movements of the Ninety-fifth pennsylvania. Moved some distance by the right flank, crossing the railroad. The enemy having in the mean-time been driven from his position, moved with the rest of the brigade in pursuit. The loss in the regiment was slight; but two men wounded.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. OLCOTT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain WILLIAM P. ROOME,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

