
No. 23. Report of Captain John D. P. Douw, One hundred and twenty-first New York Infantry, of operations September 19-21.
HDQRS. 121ST REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,September 27, 1864.

In compliance with orders from headquarters Second Brigade, First Division, Sixth Corps, I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of the One hundred and twenty-first Regiment New York Volunteers in the late battle of Winchester, Va.:

The regiment broke camp at 3 a. m. the 19th of September and marched with the brigade; crossed the Opequon at 8 a. m.; halted at 9 a. m. in a ravine on the left of the pike three miles from Winchester, Va. At 11 a. m. we moved forward some distance by the flank in two columns, the One hundred and twenty-first Regiment in rear of the right wing of the Second Regiment Connecticut Volunteers and formed line. We then moved to the right by the flank into a piece of woods, and here the regiment halted and the men were ordered to lie down. The Second Connecticut filed past and the Sixty-fifth Regiment New York Volunteers forme don our left. When the enemy had advanced to within 200 yards the order was given by General Upton to fire. The regiment rose up and delivered a few volleys, which caused the enemy to retreat in disorder. We followed them a few hundred yards, capturing 3 officers and 12 men. The regiment was then ordered to the left of the Thirty-seventh Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers in rear of a piece of woods. Afterward the Fifteenth Regiment New Jersey Volunteers joined our left. At 4 p. m. the line advanced 800 yards, met the enemy and drove them some 400 yards, receiving a heavy fire from the enemy's artillery. They were soon flanked by the Eighth Corps, when we advanced to the railroad, then moved by the flank to the south side of Winchester, where we camped for the night. The regiment lost 2 enlisted men killed; 1 officer and 11 men wounded. the officers and men acted with spirit and displayed great bravery; all deserve much praise.

At 5 a. m. of the 20th commenced the march to Strasburg, arriving at 3 p. m. We remained until noon of the next day, when we moved to the right of the town and formed line of the right of the Nineteenth Corps, the Second Regiment Connecticut Volunteers on our right.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. P. DOUW,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain WILLIAM P. ROOME,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 24. Report of Captain Francis J. Randall, commanding Ninety-fifth and Ninety-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations September 19-27.
HDQRS. NINETY-FIFTH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,Camp near Harrisonburg, Va., September 27, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders from headquarters Second Brigade of the 26th instant, I have the honor to report the movement of this command at the late engagements at the Opequon and Fisher's Hill:

Conjointly with the Ninety-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, we were, on the movement out to the Opequon, detailed as guard for

