
the corps wagon train, and consequently took no active part in the operations at that place and in front of Winchester. On the morning of the 21st of September we rejoined the brigade near Strasburg, and at noon proceeded doubt to the front, throwing out skirmishers and coming upon the enemy posted upon rising ground. We halted and remained in line of battle until midnight, when we took up the line of march and moved out to the right. Halted in the woods and constructed breast-works, the two right companies being detailed for picket; continuous skirmishing until the afternoon, when we moved forward and took part in the charge upon the enemy's position on Fisher's Hill, driving them in confusion. Our own loss, two men wounded. We captured seven prisoners concealed in the bushes. Followed upon the enemy's rear closely, marching all night, and at daylight halted at Woodstock, whence,after rations had been issued, we resumed the march, being again detailed as corps wagon guard jointly with the One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers. halted beyond Edenburg and encamped for the night with the brigade. at 6 a. m. of the 24th again moved forward, and after a very long and rapid march came upon the enemy's rear guard a little distance beyond New Market. We were immediately deployed as skirmisher to connect with the Third Division; advanced out on the left of and through the town, skirmishing with the enemy, who kept falling back until dark, when we established the line for the night about-miles in advance of the town. During the night the enemy fell back, and early the next morning we were relieved by the Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, and, rejoining the brigade, we resumed the march (with battalion Ninety-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers temporarily attached to the command) and proceeded to Harrisonburg, where we encamped for the night, and are now remaining.

I append a list of casualties,* and am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. RANDALL,

Captain, Comdg. 95th Regt. Penn. Vols., and Batt. 96th Penn. Vols.

Captain W. P. ROOME,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 25. Reports of Colonel Oliver Edward, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations September 19-October 25.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADIER, FIRST DIV., SIXTH ARMY CORPS,Winchester, Va., September 24, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that a detachment of the Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry were sent out on the Berryville turnpike half a mile beyond the Opequon to ascertain whether any of our wounded officers and men were, as reported, at that point. This party, consisting of two commissioned officers and fifty men, were attacked by a band of the enemy's guerrillas, numbering 150 or 200, and, although well disposed for a fight, completely routed, but four of them having as yet reported. When the news of the disaster reached this post the entire regiment was at once dispatched to the point where it occurred, the whole

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 man killed and 1 officer and 4 men wounded.

---------------

