
the charge, forcing the fugitives in front to lay down as we passed over them. We opened fire at 150 yards range and drove the enemy back handsomely. At the same time Lieutenant-Colonel Montague drove the enemy back from the rear and right, taking 150 prisoners and inflicting severe loss upon the enemy, though I regret to say the Thirty-seventh Massachusetts lost over one-third its number; nothing but their Spencer rifles enabled them to defeat more than five time their number. Captain H. H. Young, brigade inspector, and Lieutenant Colt, seeing the battery on the left of the road in danger of capture, placed the Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers in support, who handsomely repulsed the enemy and flanked that part of their line that was in front of the balance of the brigade on the right of the turnpike. General Russell was killed at this time charging with my brigade. As soon as the line were reformed on our right an advance was ordered. We moved steadily forward, driving the enemy before us. General Upton was wounded, and turned over he command of the division to me. Again the advance was ordered and the division charged across the open country in magnificent line and order up to the heights of Winchester. The enemy broke before us and were routed. The Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers saved Cowan's battery, and the Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers saved Stevens'. The officers of these two artillery organizations acknowledge that these regiments succeeded in preventing the enemy from capturing their pieces. The Thirty-seventh massachusetts Volunteers also captured the battle-flag of the Second Virginia Infantry, and the Forty-ninth Pennsylvania the headquarters flag of General Fitzhugh Lee.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. EDWARDS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major H. R. DALTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Winchester, Va., October 5, 1864.

GENERAL: The picket-post from the army at the front, numbering about 150 cavalry, Fourteenth Pennsylvania, stationed at Mount Jackson, wee attacked at daylight day before yesterday. One captain and thirty-seven men of said post reported night before last here; fifteen have come in to-day. They were captured and paroled by the Seventh Virginia Cavalry. They represent that Hampton's Legion were expected early yesterday morning at daylight at Cedar Creek, and that a dispatch bearer from General Sheridan, with orders not to send any train forward, was captured by the enemy; also that they heard heavy overrate the danger between here and the front. I simply give you the above as taken in detail, and believe about half of it myself. If you think it is necessary to send any of this report to General Stevenson, please do so. The train that left here yesterday morning for the front had 1,207 cavalry and 300 infantry for escort. there is a rumor that the train was captured at Cedar Creek. I place no faith in it at all, and feel sure that the train will go thorough all right. I hope to be able to come down to see you in a day or two. The bridge at Edenburg has been burned, and also the bridges at Mount Jackson. Edenburg

