
detached from the rest of the division and ordered to garrison Winchester. Relieved by General Kenly's troops on the 13th; marched as guard to the trains as far as middletown, rejoining the division at Cedar Creek, where remained until night of the 16th, when the command marched, reaching the Opequon the following afternoon; left on the morning of the 18th and marched to the vicinity of Charlestown. On the 21st the enemy attacked our picket-line, the Thirty-seventh Massachusetts and Second Rhode Island Volunteers on the line. That night moved back as far as Halltown. On the afternoon of the 22nd ordered to the support of the Army of West Virginia; remained in this position until the 28th, when the command moved as far as Charlestown, taking up its old position. On the 3rd of September moved from camp near Charlestown, Va., and marched as far as Clifton, where the position was entrenched and the command remainder in it until the morning of the 19th, when, with the rest of the corps, it moved out to the Opequon,m crossed that stream shortly after daylight, and participated in the engagement of that day, losing 16 commissioned officers and 228 enlisted men. On the morning of the 20th the command was assigned to duty at Winchester, where it has remained as a garrison to the post up to the present time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. EDWARDS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major HENRY R. DALTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Div., Sixth Army Corps.

No. 26. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Bayonton J. Hickman, Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations September 19.
HDQRS. FORTY-NINTH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,September 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to forward the following statement of the part taken by this command in the battle of Winchester, September 19, 1864:

We broke camp at 3 a. m. and marched to the Berryville crossing of the Opequon, which we crossed about 8 a. m. and marched about two miles on the turnpike toward Winchester before we got into position. The brigade was formed in column of battalions, this command on the extreme left of the brigade, supporting the Second and Third Divisions of the Sixth Corps. When ordered to advance we marched by the left flanks through a dense wood to ravine, where we came into line and advanced to the crest. Here the enemy succeeded in driving back the advance which we were supporting. By the time we reached the top of the crest we became the front line, owing to some confusion among the troops on the right. We received the order to change "front to rear," which was done under fire as steadily as on drill. This left a battery on our left unsupported, which the enemy discovered and advanced on the double-quick to capture. The command was called on to save it. We advanced again on a line with the battery, when the enemy retired. We again advanced to a ravine and halted, our right resting on the turnpike. While in this ravine we were supplied with ammunition, &amp;c. The order to advance was given and obeyed with a will by the officers

