
and men, keeping a well-dressed line, halting occasionally for the right and left to get up with us, under a heavy fire, to the protection of a line of rail piles used by the enemy. While in rear of these rails the command was enfiladed by two of the enemy's guns on our left flank and a heavy fire from a battery in our front. Troops coming up on our left drove these off, while we silenced those in front with a steady fire of musketry. The enemy soon ceased resistance. We advanced to the suburbs of the town without further opposition. Darkness coming on we bivouacked for the night near the Winchester cemetery.

It must not be forgotten that in the command there were nearly 150 men who were under fire for the first time. Their coolness could not be surpassed by the oldest veterans. After getting under fire the regiment was to disgraced by having a single straggler.

Casualties during the day were as follows: Killed-officers, 1; men, 10. Wounded-officers, 2; men, 31. Total officers, 3; men, 41.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. J. HICKMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. W. LATTA,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 27. Report of Colonel Isaac C. Bassett, Eighty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations September 19.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-SECOND PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,September 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders, I report the following part taken by this command in the engagement of the 19th instant:

On the morning of September 19, at 3 o'clock, left our camp near Berryville, Va., and marched to Opequon Creek, where we arrived at about 7 o'clock. Crossed creek and moved about two miles toward Winchester, where we halted until about 11 o'clock, when we were ordered to advance with the Third Brigade. Advanced through a dense woods and heavy artillery firing. After we passed through woods, formed line and advanced under heavy musketry about quarter of a mile. Finding troops of the Third Division falling back, we charged the enemy, and succeeded (after some two hours' fighting) in driving them. Continued to advance until we reached the railroad, on edge of Winchester at dark, where we encamped for the night.

Our loss (which was previously reported) was 7 enlisted men killed, 2 officers and 53 men wounded.

The death of General Russell, commanding First Division, Sixth Army Corps, and wounding of General Upton, commanding Second Brigade, placed Colonel Edward in command of the First Division and myself in command of the Third Brigade.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

I. C. BASSETT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain JAMES W. LATTA,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

