
yet joined me, nor has General Averell or General Wilson. Generals Wilson and Duffie should have been here by this time, particularly the latter. A telegram from Captain Leet and also one from General Max Weber locates Longstreet in the Valley, marching here. A telegram from Lieutenant-General Grant received on the 9th stated that his (Longstreet's) corps was still at Petersburg. I would like to hear from Lieutenant-General Grant in reference to the truth of this report. General Early's train is a very small one-not to exceed 250 wagons - and the stories about accumulated plunder from Maryland are entire. I am exceedingly anxious to hear whether Longstreet has left to come here or not.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.

WINCHESTER, VA., August 17, 1864 - 10 a. m.

(Received 11 p. m.)

General Merritt's division of cavalry was attacked yesterday afternoon on north side of the Shenandoah by Kershaw's division, of Longstreet's corps, and Wickham's and Lomax's brigades of cavalry. After a very handsome cavalry fight the enemy were badly beaten, with a loss of 2 stand of colors, 24 officers, and 276 men prisoners. Most of the prisoners are from Longstreet's corps and Kershaw's division. They came across the mountains from Culpeper, and report large re-enforcements from Lee's army arriving. The cavalry made some handsome saber charges, in which most of the prisoners were captured. Colonel Devin was slightly wounded, but continued in the saddle. General Custer made a very narrow escape. Only Devin's and Custer's brigades were engaged. I am moving my command to take up the position near Berryville, which I advised you of heretofore.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.

HALLTOWN, W. VA., August 22, 1864 - 10.30 p. m.

(Received 2 a. m. 23d.)

Yesterday morning the enemy crossed Opequon Creek at different crossings in the vicinity of Smithfield or Middleway, and advanced on my position at Welch's Spring, two miles west of Charlestown. Some skirmishing took place on the front of the Sixth Corps and of General Crook's command during the day. The skirmish line of the Sixth Corps drove the enemy form the crest that they occupied in front of that corps. Skirmishing also took place with cavalry at Summit Point and Berryville, but of not much moment. My position at best being a very bad one, and, as there is much depending on this army, I fell back and took a new position in front of that corps. Skirmishing also took place with cavalry at Summit Point and Berryville, but of not much moment. My position at best being a very bad one, and, as there is much depending on this army, I fell back and took a new positioning front of Hallrown, without loss or opposition. This morning the enemy followed up, and some little skirmishing has taken place, but of no consequence. My loss yesterday was 275. Prisoners captured to-day report the whole of the enemy here with Longstreet. This later I do not believe. One of is divisions is here.

