
railroad about a half hour, by this time the fighting having subsided. We then moved by the left flank to near a cemetery, where we arrived at about 8 p. m. and bivouacked for the night.

The officers of this command all conducted themselves upon this occasion in the most gallant and praiseworthy manner, and the impetuosity of the men to rush into the thickest of the fight could scarcely be restrained.

The casualties sum up a total of 2 enlisted men killed and 2 commissioned officers and 19 enlisted men wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GIDEON CLARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain JAMES W. LATTA,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 29. Report of Captain Elisha H. Rhodes, Second Island Infantry, of operations September 19.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND RHODE ISLAND VOLUNTEERS,Winchester, Va., September 27, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to respectfully report that my command moved with the brigade, fourth battalion in order of march, on the morning of the 19th instant, and after crossing Opequon Creek formed with the brigade in rear of the Second Division, Sixth Corps. In the afternoon I went into action on the left of the Fifth Wisconsin Battalion, but was soon ordered by the brigade commander to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Montague, commanding the Thirty-seventh Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, on the extreme right of the division lines. Crossing the open fields I moved at at a double-quick for a distance of half a mile, and reported under a heavy fire of musketry and canister from two guns, which the enemy had posted in a piece of woods about 300 yards in our front. I formed on the left of the Thirty-seventh [Massachusetts] Volunteers, and when the order to advance was given I moved forward with that regiment and continued with them until the action terminated, when I bivouacked with the brigade in the field.

My officers and men behaved splendidly, and I take great pleasure in mentioning Second Lieutenant Charles W. Gleason, commanding Company B, Sergt. Major David Small, Corpl. Thomas Parker (wounded), and Private William J. Babcock, Company B, as particularly distinguishing themselves by their gallant conduct.

Although engaged during the entire action, my losses were very few. I have already forwarded a list of casualties.*

I am, sire, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. RHODES,

Captain, Comdg. Battalion Second Rhode Island Volunteers.

Captain J. W. LATTA,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, First Div., Sixth Corps.

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 112.

---------------

