
No. 30. Report of Captain John B. Doughty, Fifth Wisconsin Infantry, of operations September 19.
HDQRS. BATTALION FIFTH WISCONSIN VOL. INFANTRY,September 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular from brigade headquarters, i have the honor to submit the following report of part taken by this command in the engagement of the 19th instant:

This battalion, with the brigade, broke camp near Clifton, Va., on the 19th instant, and marched thence to about three miles west of Opequon Creek, where we formed in line of battle in rear of the Third Division, Sixth Corps; participated in the charge, and had 4 enlisted men killed, 1 commissioned officer and 11 enlisted men wounded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. DOUGHTY,

Captain, Commanding Battalion.

Captain JAMES W. LATTA,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 31. Reports of Brigadier General George W. Getty, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations September 19-22 and October 19.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,Near Harrisonburg, Va., October 4, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this division in the late operations from the 19th to the 22nd of September, inclusive:

The division moved at 2 a. m. on the 19th from camp near Clifton; reached the crossing of Opequon Creek by the Berryville and Winchester pike at 6 a. m. in advance of the infantry of the corps and army; immediately crossed and pushed on toward Winchester to the support of Wilson's division of cavalry, which was engaging the enemy some two miles distant, at the point where the defile or ravine through which the road winds after crossing the Opequon heads and loses itself in the high and rolling country. On reaching this point the division was moved to the left under the fire of the enemy's artillery and placed in position, generally in one line, with the right resting on the pike and the left extending to Abraham's Creek, a branch of the Opequon. the division remained in this position until 11.40 a. m., exposed to artillery fire. Warner's (Second) and Wheaton's (First) brigades being well screened by a skirt of pine woods suffered little, but Bidwell's (Third) brigade, which occupied a high, pen ridge, lost considerably from artillery. This Third Division, Sixth Corps, continued the line on the right. Wison's cavalry took post on the left, a mile distant. McKnight's and Cowan's batteries, of the Sixth Corps, were placed immediately in rear of Bidwell's brigade, and, advancing and firing as the lines advanced, rendered most important service. In front the ground was descending and nearly all open, though broken by ravines as far as Winchester, fully two miles and a half distant. In the general

