
advance at 11.40 a. m. the division moved forward, penetrated the thin pine woods, and emerged on the open and somewhat broken ground in front, receiving a heavy fire unflinchingly. Pressed forward rapidly and drove back the enemy's lines in confusion 500 yards beyond his original position. At this moment the unexpected giving way of a portion of the troops on my right checked the farther advance of the division. The enemy pressing forward in the gap thus formed, obtained a flank and reverse fire on the Second and First Brigades, which compelled a partial change in their front. This was promptly and handsomely executed under the direction of Brigadier-General Wheaton, commanding First Brigade. The success of the enemy, however, was but momentary. He was promptly met, held in check, and finally repulsed by several batteries, prominent among which was Stevens' (Maine) battery of light 12-pounders, of the corps and troops of the First Division. For several hours now there was a lull in the action with the exception of a constant fire of skirmishers and artillery. the cartridge-boxes were replenished, the lines readjusted, and everything put in readiness for a farther advance. About 3.30 p. m. and advance was made by the troops on the extreme right and very heavy firing took place. Observing that the enemy were breaking an running back on the right, I ordered an immediate advance of the division. The enemy held his ground with considerable tenacity for some time, keeping up a hot and destructive fire of artillery and musketry upon the advancing lines. At length he gave way in great confusion. The artillery moving up with the lines of battle silenced that of the enemy, and the troops pressing forward pursued him past Winchester. The division bivouacked for the ;night on Abraham's Creek.

On the 20th the division marched to Strasburg, and one the 21st went into position in two line on the right of the First Division, and nearly opposite the center of the enemy's entrenchments at Fisher's Hill. Immediately in front of the right of the division was a commanding height having a fine view of the enemy's works and held by him in considerable force. After two unsuccessful attacks by detached regiments the position was charged by the First Brigade, Colonel J. M. Warner, Eleventh Vermont, commanding, just before dark, with the bayonet, and carried. The lines were moved forward and established on the crest, where they remained until the afternoon of the following day. During the night temporary breast-works were constructed. At 4 p. m. on the 22nd the line were advanced, under a heavy fire from the enemy's batteries, to the crest immediately in front of his works. At 5 p. m. the movement of Crook's corps and the Third Division, Sixth Corps, on the right, being successful, and the enemy in their front falling back rapidly and in confusion, the division was ordered to charge the enemy's works. At the command the men dashed over the crest, crossed Tumbling Run, swept up the slope on the other side, and carried the works, capturing 4 guns (Carpenter's rebel battery), 1 battle-flag, and nearly 300 prisoners. The enemy poured in on tremendous volley as the troops were struggling across the defile, then broke and fled in the wildest disorder. It had now become dark, and nothing but the approach of night saved the enemy from utter destruction. Our loss was trifling. The troops did not stop at the captured forts, but pressed forward with the greatest enthusiasm after the flying rebels, and in the eagerness of pursuit became somewhat scattered. A number of prisoners and one piece of artillery on the left of the pike were captured by the Forty-third Regiment New York Volunteers,

