
of Bidwell's brigade, in the pursuit. The division was reassembled by 8 p. m. and moved forward during the night in the advance of the army to Woodstock.

In the battle of the 19th the division captured about 500 prisoners, of whom 310 were taken by Wheaton's brigade.

With great pride I bear witness to the uniform good conduct of the command, both officers and men. In the battle of Winchester when the troops on my right broke nothing could exceed their steadiness. Individual acts of bravery and good conduct will be found mentioned in the reports of brigade commanders which accompany this.

To Brigadier-General Wheaton, commanding First Brigade on the 19th; Brigadier-General Bidwell, commanding Third Brigade; Colonel J. M. Warner, Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, commanding Second Brigade on the 19th, and First Brigade on the 21st and 22nd, and Colonel George P. Foster, Fourth Vermont Volunteers, commanding Second Brigade on the 21st and 22nd, the country is indebted for most important and valuable services. The members of my staff- Major Charles Mundee, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Hazard Stevens, assistant adjutant-general and acting assistant inspector-general; Captain Robert L. Orr, assistant commissary of musters, and Captain Henry J. Gifford, Forty-ninth New York Volunteers, ordnance officer of the division-are likewise deserving of great credit. Captain William H. Terrell, Forty-third New York Volunteers, commanding division sharpshooters, is also deserving of especial mention. he held the extreme left with his detachment, and after rendering most efficient service was seriously wounded.

I append hereto a nominal list of casualties,* amounting in the aggregate to 669.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. GETTY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Major C. A. WHITTIER, A. A. A. G., Sixth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,November 15, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the 19th of October, 1864, the battle of Cedar Creek:

At an early hour the camp was aroused by picket-firing on the flanks of the army, soon followed by heavy musketry on the left. The division was immediately ordered under arms, and at about 6 a. m. moved by the left in two lines toward the pike. On reaching Meadow run, a fire from the enemy's skirmishers occupying a piece of woods near the pike was encountered. Skirmishers were immediately thrown forward, the woods cleared, and the division formed in two lines along the run, nearly parallel to the pike, and connecting on the right with the First Division. As soon as formed, the lines were advanced across the run, the left thrown forward in order to gain possession of the pike. At this juncture, observing the troops on the right falling back in confusion, and running through the artillery of the corps, and heavy lines of rebel infantry pressing in that direction, I withdrew the division to the west side of the creek, about 300 yards, to a strong crest, semi-circular in form and partially wooded. The second line was moved up and extended the first, it being necessary to cover as much ground as possible. The right flank of the division was entirely uncovered;

---------------

*Embodied in tables, pp. 113, 120.

---------------

13 R R-VOL XLIII, PT I

