
on the left, however, where the crest was refused parallel to and bordering the run, a skirmish line of Bidwell's brigade (Third), which held that flank,w as extended along the height and connected with a skirmish line of a portion of Merritt's cavalry on the left rear. This movement was closely followed up by the enemy, and the line was barely established in the new position when he attacked in force, with great vigor, but was repulsed. The attack fell heaviest on the right, Warner's brigade (First), and on the left center, where Bidwell's and Grant's brigades joined. The enemy's lines charged to within thirty yards of the crest, when, unable to withstand our fire, they fell back in disorder. Reforming at the foot of the hill they again charged, to be again repulsed. The enemy now brought up his batteries and concentrated on the division a severe fire of artillery, but being sheltered by the ground the loss from this cause was lighter than could have been expected. After holding this position for over an hour, it at length became necessary to withdraw the division, the enemy having turned the right and opened a flank and reverse fire upon the line. Obliquing to the right to gain the pike, the division retired in perfect order, marching slowly and making several halts, to a position about a mile north of Middletown, when a new line was established, with the left resting on the pike, connecting with Merritt's cavalry, already in position on the east side of the pike, and slight rail breast-works were thrown up. The line of skirmishers was strengthened and the farther advance of the enemy checked. While repelling the enemy's attacks on the crest held in the morning, I was informed that the command of the corps, General Ricketts being wounded, had devolved upon me. The command of the division was transferred to Brigadier General Lewis A. Grant. At this time no portion of the army, with the exception of this division, was fighting on the field. The infantry and artillery, driven by the enemy from the field, had fallen back some distance and were reorganizing.

On withdrawing from the position I sent orders to the commanders of the First and Third Divisions to conform to the movements of the Second, and when this division was halted the First and Third were brought up to the line and placed on the right, the Third Holding the center and the First the right of the corps line. General Sheridan reaching the field between 11 and 12 o'clock, I relinquished the command of the corps to Major-General Wright and resumed that of the division. During all this time the division lay under a heavy artillery fire, and the enemy's skirmishers were sharply engaged with ours, who held them at bay and repulsed several attacks in some force. Just before 1 p. m. I received intelligence from Major-General Sheridan, through one of his aides-de-camp, Captain O'Keeffe, that the enemy were preparing for an attack, and that it would probably fall upon my right flank; also directions to mass in that direction. In obedience to these instructions, Grant's brigade (Second) was immediately moved to the right and posted by Major-General Wright in support of the right of the Sixth and left of the Nineteenth Corps. The attack was made at 1 o'clock, fell heaviest, I understand, upon the Nineteenth Corps, and was repulsed. Grant's brigade was shortly after withdrawn and placed in reserve in rear of the center of the division line. At 3.30 the general advance was made. The division, Grant's brigade having previously taken its position in the line, moved forward over perfectly pen ground, with the exception of the extreme right, which was screened by woods, and under a heavy fire for half a mile, when a check was experienced. The Ninety-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, on the extreme right of the division, fell back in some confusion, for the reason, it is alleged,

