
Brigadier General D. D. Bidwell, who commanded the Third Brigade, was struck by a shell and mortally wounded early in the day. Actuated by a true sense of duty and patriotism General Bidwell took up arms at the outbreak of the rebellion, and for more than three years followed the banner of the Republic, sharing with his troops the dangers and privations of active field service. As a regimental and brigade commander in the Army of the Potomac the took part in all the arduous campaigns and bloody battles of that army from Yorktown to Petersburg, and was always at the head of his command, at the post of duty and danger. Brave and devoted as an officer, earnest, upright, and single-minded as a man, he was beloved by his command and respected by every one. In his death the country and service have suffered a great loss.

The reports of brigade commanders are herewith respectfully submitted, with a list of casualties.

The number of small-arms recovered from the field fought over by the division, as reported by Captain Gifford, ordnance officer, is as follows, viz: 461 Enfield muskets, 405 Springfield muskets, 35 U. S. Springfield muskets; total, 901.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. GETTY,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Major C. A. WHITTIER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 32. Report of Brigadier General Frank Wheaton, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of operations September 19.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADIER, SECOND DIV., SIXTH ARMY CORPS,September 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade during the battle of Winchester, fought on the 19th instant:

The brigade moved with the other troops of the division, being second in order of march, at 2 a. m., from our camp near Clifton, and, crossing the Pequon on the Winchester and Berryville pike at 6 a. m., took position by direction of General Getty, commanding the division, on the right of the Third Brigade, in single line, about two miles and a half from Winchester, the order of regiments, beginning on the right, as follows: Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel John B. Kohler; Ninety-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel John S. Long; One hundred and second Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Major James H. Coleman; One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Major Robert Munroe, and the Sixty-second New York Veteran Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Theodore B. Hamilton. The latter, very small regiment, had been previously detailed as a flanking column on the right of the brigade, and was collected and brought to join the command, just in time to move with the line which was ordered to advance at twenty minutes to 12 o'clock. A strong skirmish line had already been posted through the woods in our front some 300 yards, and occupied a crest in clear ground, relieving the cavalry skirmishers. The advance through the woods was difficult, and the

