
readjustment of our line, under cover of the crest occupied by our skirmishers, became necessary. This had been partially effected under a severe skirmish and artillery fire, when the troops on my right, with whom I was ordered to keep up, and on whom I wa to keep aligned, rushed forward with a shout, and from that moment it was impossible to preserve the order in the advance that was so desirable and important. Over the crests and into the ravine beyond them the troops hurried on, encouraged by the retreat of the rebel skirmishers, who fell back on their reserves; those in our brigade front took an admirable position, considerably to the right of my right regiment, and firing down a ravine that ran obliquely from right to left across our line of battle, checked the advance and necessitated another readjustment of our line, which was soon so well effected that the left, advancing, enfiladed the rebel reserves, many of whom were captured; one regiment, the One hundred and second Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, sending 171 enlisted men, 8 line and 2 field officers to the rear. The woods, ravines, &amp;c., were now such obstructions that I found it impossible to again halt our troops for alignment, and on they swept with he greatest gallantry and enthusiasm, carrying everything before them. The battery in our front hastily retired, but the troops on our left probably encountered greater difficulties in their advance and had not driven away the battery in their front and my brigade suffered from its enfilading fire. One battalion of the brigade on the right kept its connection with our line of advance, but while making every effort to halt the troops and form a new line, to hold the ground we had gained, I discovered emerging from the woods, some 600 yards to our right and on a line with my front, a well organized column of the enemy's infantry. At that time I believed there were troops on the prolongation of our line ready to meet and repel the attack I saw intended, but on rising a crest near by I learned to my surprise, that with the exception of a portion of the left battalion of the Second Brigade, under Major E. E. Johnson, I was entirely unsupported. The result of the operations on the right of our corps and in the Nineteenth Corps front were then unknown to me, but the attempt of the enemy's column referred to to cut off my retreat, soon convinced me that the extreme right of our line of battle had not been able to advance with our corps, and the hasty withdrawal of my own brigade and the fragments of the Second Brigade that I was able to pick up as we retired, became necessary and was made with all rapidity. We would not have succeeded in reaching the commanding and secure position afterward occupied by the brigade had not General Getty, seeing our isolated and exposed position, covered our movement by ordering up a battery and two regiments of the First Division to check the enemy, who up to that time were confidently double-quacking toward my right flank and rear. In a very short time the brigade was well formed and posted on a narrow road running at right angles to and south of the pike. At 3.30 p. m. I was ordered to advance with the general line, and informed that mine would be the brigade of direction in the movement. Captain James McKnight's battery (M, Fifth U. S. Artillery) had made the prominent crest in our front so uncomfortable for the enemy, that for the distance of a quarter of a mile we met with little or no resistance. Just as we passed the earth-works from which the enemy had been compelled to withdraw his battery their heavy but some what disorder skirmish line was encountered. At this time my valuable, aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Robert W. Lyon, was wounded for the fourth time during the war. Captain William H. McCartney's (First

