
One hundred and second Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, and Captain James Patchell, One hundred and second Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers.

I am greatly indebted to my efficient and gallant staff for their untiring exertions during the battle, and desire to commend them to the favorable consideration of the general commanding. My assistant adjutant-general, Captain George Clendenin, jr., has been complimented for his rare soldierly qualities and good conduct on the field in every battle in which the brigade has been engaged since I have had the honor to command it; he has worked hard for and fully earned a majority in his department. Captain Charles W. Eckman, Ninety-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, brigade inspector; Captain John Snodgrass, One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Robert W. Lyon, One hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers, aide-de-camp, were in this battle the same good soldiers they have always shown themselves to be.

Submitting herewith the reports of regimental commanders,

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK WHEATON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major CHARLES MUNDEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division, Sixth Corps.

No. 33. Reports of Colonel James M. Warner, First Vermont Heavy Artillery, commanding First Brigade, of operations September 21-22 and October 19.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,September 28, 1864.

MAJOR: Pursuant to directions I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the operations of September 21 and 22:

On the morning of the 21st were in bivouac about a mile north of Strasburg, on the Winchester and Strasburg pike. About noon moved about two miles to the right and left toward Fisher's Hill and formed on the right of the Third Brigade in two lines of battle, the Third Division soon after taking position on our right. Here we remained until about 5 p. m., when the One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers was sent to the support of the skirmish line. Soon afterward this regiment was directed to charge a strong line of skirmish pits, on a prominent was directed to charge a strong line of skirmish pits, on a prominent crest in front, but was repulsed. About 6 p. m. I was ordered with the remainder of the brigade to carry the position. The brigade was formed from left to right in the following order: Sixty-second New York, Ninety-eighth, One hundred and second, and Ninety-third Pennsylvania Volunteers. A regiment of the Third Division joined the right at the skirmish line. The charge was made with bayonets fixed, and the position carried, with a loss of 5 commissioned officers and 33 enlisted men. a strong skirmish line was thrown to the front and the position entrenched during the night, the Second Brigade coming in on our right and the Third on our let. Here we remained until the following day at 4 p. m., when the brigade was

