
ordered forward to be governed in the movement by the Third Brigade, on our left. The One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers was again deployed as skirmishers. In conforming to the movement of the Third Brigade the line was two well to the left, passing over ought ground until we came to an opening north of tumbling Creek. Here in the face of a heavy artillery and musketry fire the line moved forward and occupied an old line of rifle-pits facing a formidable ridge, the enemy occupying a redoubt and rifle-pits ont he crest. This position was so formidable that it was deemed inexpedient to attempt to carry it until a diversion could be made on outright. This was effected about 6 p. m., when Crook's command, connecting with the Third Division, turned the enemy's left flank. No sooner was this movement fairly under was than the brigade charged across the intervening space, carrying the works handsomely. The brigade captured at the redoubt three 3-inch rifled guns, one 12-pounder brass gun, four limbers, five horses and sets of harness, and four caissons complete.

About 100 prisoners were taken by the brigade on the 21st and 2nd instant.

The following commanding officers of regiments, Lieutenant Colonel J. B. Kohler, Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel T. B. Hamilton, Sixty-second New York; Major J. H. Coleman, One hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers (whose regimental colors were the first upon the works); Captain D. C. Keller, Ninety-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Captain J. McGregor, One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, are deserving of special mention for their gallantry and coolness under fire.

I regret to report that Major Rober Munroe, One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, is temporarily disable for service, having received a severe wound in the hand in the charge on the evening of the 21st.

I cannot commend too highly the conduct of Captain George Clendenin, jr., Captain Charles W. Eckamn, and Lieuts. H. J. Nichols and J. a. Lewis, of my staff, who were constantly exposed. Lieutenant Liwes was slightly wounded in the affair of the 21st, but resolutely dept the field on the following day.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WARNER,

Colonel Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Major CHARLES MUNDEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade, Sixth Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,November 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade on the 19th ultimo, near Middletown, Va.:

At an early hour the troops were aroused by picket-firing, commanecing simultaneously on the extreme right and left of the army. About 6 a. m. heavy musketry firing was heard in the direction of Crook's command, and the brigade was ordered to his assistance. We moved by the left flank in two lines and formed, under fire from the enemy's skirmishers along Meadow Run, in the following order from left right: Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Ninety-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Sixty-second New York Veteran

