
eran Volunteers, and One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, the One hundred and second Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers being in reserve. The Second and Third Brigades went into position on our left and the First Division on the right. As soon as the line was established the division moved across the run but was withdrawn immediately thereafter to its first position. Meantime Crook's command and the Nineteenth Corps were flanked, doubled up, and driven command and the Nineteenth Corps were flanked, doubled up, and driven to the west of us, carrying with them the Third and a portion of the First Divisions. About 7 a.m. the division was withdrawn by General Getty to a prominent crest about 300 yards in our rear, facing in the new position nearly south and extending on the left nearly to the run; the One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers remained in support to Battery C, First Rhode Island. This regiment remained detached from the brigade until about 2 p.m. The brigade occupied the same relative position to the division throughout the day, and was formed in the following order from left to right: Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Sixty-second New York Veteran Volunteers, One hundred and second Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, and Ninety-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, the last two regiments extending into the woods. At 8.30 were attacked in front and (notwithstanding that the division was isolated, all the troops on the right having given way) repulsed the attacking column, with heavy loss. The One hundred and second Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteer and Ninety-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteer Regiments were advanced, driving the rebels in confusion down the hill through the woods. A few moments later a heavy rebel column was discovered to our right and rear. About 9.30, by direction of General Getty retired slowly and in good order obliquely toward the pike and halted, after passing the cavalry on a line with the First and Third Divisions opposite Middletown. About 10 the entire line was withdrawn to a position about a mile to the rear. Here General Sheridan assumed command. Ammunition was distributed and the enemy's skirmishers who attacked about 12 m. were repulsed. At 4 p.m. a general advance was ordered. After moving about 200 yards, in consequence of the Third Division on our right giving away, the Ninety-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, which occupied the right, fell back in considerable confusion, but were quickly rallied. The check was confined to one regiment only, and occasioned no serious delay. We then gained a stone wall, where a hot fire was kept up for nearly an hour, until the enemy's left had been turned; beyond the point, which was a little in rear of the town, no serious opposition was encountered, our troops following the enemy across the wide plain from Middletown to Cedar Creek, and driving him across in great disorder. At dark we returned to the camp of the morning.

The brigade experienced a great loss in Lieutenant Colonel John B. Kohler, commanding Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, and Major James H. Coleman, commanding One hundred and second Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers. Colonel Kohler was killed before the engagement became general, in repulsing an attack upon our pickets on the extreme right, and Major Coleman was instantly killed by a musket-ball at the head of his regiment in the last grand advance.

I desire especially to commend to the general commanding the conduct of Lieutenant Colonel Theodore B. Hamilton, commanding Sixty-second New York Veteran Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel John G. Parr, commanding One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Captain James Patchell, who succeeded Major Coleman in command of the One hun-

