
dred and second Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers and was afterward wounded, and Captain Gottfried Baner, commanding Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers.

Captain George Clendenin, jr., assistant adjutant-general; Captain Charles W. Eckman, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieuts. H. J. Nichols and J. A. Lewis, Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, acting aides-de-camp, all of whom I have had occasion to mention before, gave renewed evidences of their gallantry and efficiency, Captain Eckman and Lieutenant Nichols being severely wounded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WARNER,

Colonel Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain H. STEVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division, Sixth Corps.

No. 34. Reports of Major James H. Coleman, One hundred and second Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations September 19-22.
HDQRS. 102ND REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS.,Camp near Harrisonburg, Va., September 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and second Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers in the recent operations near Winchester, Va.:

The regiment left its camp near Clifton, Va., at 1 a.m. of September 19, moving by way of the Berryville pike, crossing the Opequon Creek, and forming in line of battle about half a mile from the creek, on the left of the pike. At twenty minutes to 12 m. the line advanced toward the enemy, passing through a dense woods and over uneven ground, and reformed line on this side of the crest occupied by the enemy, under a severe musketry and artillery fire. The advance was again ordered, the regiment charged with the line at double-quick, routing the enemy and driving them in great confusion from their rifle-pits, capturing 2 field officers, 8 line officers, and 161 enlisted men, all of whom were turned over to the provost-marshal of the corps. (Receipt have been received for but a portion of the prisoners.) The regiment also captured seven officers' swords and two army revolvers. The regiment pursued the enemy about one mile, and to within 100 yards of their battery, which could easily have been taken had not a brigade of the enemy appeared on the Berryville pike to our right and rear, which forced the regiment to retire, which was done in good order, forming line on a crest in front of that originally occupied by the enemy. Arrived at this point at twenty minutes to 2 p.m. About 3.30 p.m. the regiment again advanced under a terrific artillery fire of shot and shell. The line halted and reformed near a brick house on the left of the pike and about 200 yards in front of the enemy's rifle-pits. The regiment again advanced with the line, when the enemy broke and retreated in great confusion. We pursued them some distance to the left of Winchester, when we were ordered to halt and bivouac for the night.

Great credit is due to both officers and men of the regiment for the heroic manner in which they discharged their duties during the above-

