
mentioned engagements. Special credit is due to Color Sergt. William G. Greenawalt, of Company A, and Sergt. James Porter, of Company F, for bravery displayed during the actions.

Casualties.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. COLEMAN,

Major, Comdg. 102nd Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers.

Captain GEORGE CLENDENIN, Jr.,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Second Div., Sixth Corps.
HDQRS. 102ND REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS.,Camp near Harrisonburg, Va., September 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and second Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers in the operations of September 21 and 22, 1864:

The regiment left bivouac near Winchester, Va., at 6 a.m. of the 20th, moving by way of the Winchester pike and arriving near Strasburg, Va., about 2 p.m., when we were ordered to halt and bivouac. About noon on the 21st moved to the right about two miles toward Fisher's Hill and formed in line of battle. About 5 p.m. the brigade was moved to the right and ordered to charge the enemy's line near Fisher's Hill, the One hundred and second Regiment forming the right of the line, the Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers being on our left, supported by the Ninety-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers. The line was moved forward to within about 150 yards of the enemy's position, when it was halted and reformed, one regiment of the Third Division being formed upon the right. At about 6 o'clock the order to charge was given, when the line advanced in good order, driving the enemy from their position (the One hundred and second Regiment capturing four prisoners) and forming line of battle upon the position from which the enemy had been driven, where, in compliance with orders, rifle-pits were thrown up and the regiment bivouacked for the night.

About 3.30 p.m. of the 22nd the regiment formed in line of battle on the right of the First Brigade. The order to advance was given. We passed through a dense woods and over rough and uneven ground, and took possession of a line of rifle-pits about 200 yards in front of Fisher's Hill. The regiment, in line, again moved forward at double-quick, the enemy using musketry and artillery quite freely upon our line. When the line arrived within about thirty yards of their works the enemy broke and ran in great confusion, our line carrying the works handsomely. The colors of the One hundred and second Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers being the first planted upon the works, which was done by Color Sergt. William G. Greenawalt, of Company A. The regiment captured in this charge three 3-inch rifled guns, one 12-pounder brass gun, four limbers, five horses and sets of harness, four caissons and limbers complete, three commissioned officers, and thirty-seven enlisted men prisoners, for all of which I have receipts. We pursued the enemy about three miles on the Winchester and Staunton pike, when orders to halt were received.

---------------

*Nominal list (here omitted) shows 7 men killed, 2 commissioned officers and 49 enlisted men wounded, and 4 men missing.

---------------

