
Great praise is due both officers and men of the regiment for bravery displayed during the operations of the 21st and 22nd. Lieutenant William H. H. Hubley, Company I, and Sergt. Eli Conn, Company H, are deserving of special notice, as being the first to mount the enemy's works.

Casualties.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. COLEMAN,

Major, Comdg. 102nd Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers.

Captain GEORGE CLENDENIN, Jr.,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Second Div., Sixth Corps.

No. 35. Report of Major Robert Monroe, One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations September 19.
HEADQUARTERS 139TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,September 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of my regiment on the 19th instant:

At 1.30 a.m. of the morning of the 19th instant we broke camp near Clifton, and, after a short delay, started off toward the Winchester pike, my regiment being the advance of the brigade. After reaching the pike direction of the march was changed toward Winchester. After having advanced about two miles beyond the Opequon Creek we formed line of battle to the left of the pike, One hundred and thirty-ninth on the extreme left of the brigade, the left of the regiment resting on the side of a small hill, a ravine between us and the Third Brigade, and a dense growth of small timber in our front. The rebels had two guns but a short distance from our front, with which they annoyed us considerably, but did not do a great deal of damage. Having received orders, I advanced a skirmish line through the woods to the field in front. In the charge of Lieutenant Crawford, of Company E, they held the position until the line of battle advanced, when they rejoined the regiment. About noon the whole line advanced. It was very difficult for us to get through the woods on account of its density, but after we were clear of the timber the line was formed in good order and advanced on the double-quick under a very heavy fire of shell and musketry from the enemy. The enemy gave way precipitately before us and fell back to the second woods. Here they endeavored to make a stand, but only for a moment, as I threw some skirmishers into the woods from the left of the regiment, and with the balance advanced on the right of the woods to a road in the ravine, which runs in an oblique direction with our line of battle. Down this road the rebels were fleeing in the greatest confusion to a field beyond our left flank. Part of the regiment pursued, capturing a good many prisoners, until I ordered them to return, fearing that they would be separated to a great distance from the balance of the line and in turn be captured themselves. Although the men were very much exhausted with the heat and fatigue, yet still the line advanced; the rebels retreating, very much disorganized. We continued our charge for a distance of at least 800 yards,

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 commissioned officers and 14 enlisted men wounded and 1 man missing.

---------------

