
and halted on a by-road running nearly parallel with our line of battle; here we commenced firing on the rebels, who were forming in our front and had already established batteries which commanded our line. Soon we ascertained that the troops on our right had fallen back, and under the direction of Captain Lyon, of General Wheaton's staff, we changed the direction of our line more to the right, and made preparations to give the rebels a brisk reception. However, as we now had but few troops on our right and no connection on our left, it was deemed more prudent to fall back, which we did after receiving orders from Captain Lyon and Captain Eckman, of the brigade staff, and formed on the left of the Ninety-third Regiment, which, with the other regiments of the brigade, were in line on a road running parallel with the road which we had just vacated. The regiment remained in line on said road for about two hours or more, apparently waiting for the Nineteenth Corps to re-establish their lines, which had been somewhat confused in the charge. At last the order was given to forward, which the regiment and brigade did with alacrity and in good order. We had advanced but a short distance when we encountered the fire of the enemy, and several of the regiment were wounded. The regiment was particularly annoyed by a battery of the enemy posted on their left flank and also by the rebel infantry, who were posted in a point of woods on their left. We advanced to the house on the right of the pike, where we halted and commenced firing. After a short time the right of our lines advanced, the enemy retiring, when we again advanced and halted at the toll-gate, where we remained until we were ordered to bivouac.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT MONROE,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain GEORGE CLENDENIN, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 36. Report of Captain James McGregor, One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations September 21-22.
HEADQUARTERS 139TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,September 26, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders received, I have the honor to forward the following report of operations of my command during the 21st and 22nd instant:

About 1 o'clock of the afternoon of the 21st instant Major Monroe, commanding the regiment, received orders to move, and, with brigade, moved forward, and was placed in position in the second line of battle. After a time the major was ordered to the right and deployed two companies as skirmishers to connect with the cavalry on our right, while the remainder of the regiment was held in reserve. While in this position the major received orders to charge on a house in front and drive away the sharpshooters from it, which was done. The major discovered a crest a short distance in front, which appeared to be a more favorable position, and ordered the men forward. Halted at this point and became engaged with the enemy. Major Monroe was ordered to charge on the enemy's lines, which the regiment did. The enemy was

