
in force, and the regiment under a heavy fire, and not supported or either flank protected fell back. During the five minutes this movement was being made the right companies which were engaged lost twenty officers and men, the regiment at one time being in great confusion. Major Monroe at this time was wounded and went to the near, when the command devolved on myself. I rallied the men, and under orders from a staff officer moved to a crest on the right of our original position, where I remained until night came on and the Third Division came and occupied the line. I then rejoined the brigade and threw up a line of works. On the 22nd instant I received orders to move forward, and the regiment was deployed as skirmishers and advanced to within a short musket-range of the enemy's line, where we remained until our right advanced, driving the enemy, and I changed direction to the left. As the line advanced I received orders to charge, which was done, and we entered the enemy's pits and captured some prisoners, and pushed on the skirmish line until the confusion of the various troops coming together I halted and rejoined the brigade. During the advance of the skirmish line the acting adjutant and four of the men were wounded.

A report of the casualties has been furnished.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES McGREGOR,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain CLENDENIN, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 37. Report of Lieutenant Colonel G. Parr, One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations October 19.
HEADQUARTERS 139TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,October 20, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of my command during the battles of the 19th instant:

About 6 a.m. I received orders to pack up and move, which was done, the regiment moving left in front. After marching about half a mile was halted, and formed line of battle, the Sixty-second New York on my left, and connecting with the First Division, Sixth Corps, on the right; advanced and crossed a creek, but was almost immediately ordered to recross the stream and change direction to the right. While I was engaged in doing this remainder of the brigade moved back, and I retired to the point where the line was originally formed. Battery C, First Rhode Island, was at this point. At the request of its commanding officer I formed line to cover the withdrawal of the guns, but the officer unlimbered and began firing. The enemy continued advancing, and he was compelled to retire. I remained, engaging the enemy, until he came up on my left and rear and opened fire upon us, completely flanking us. I then ordered the regiment to fall back, contesting the ground gallantly until the troops on our right moved back, when I retired by the flank until I reached a line formed by First Division, Sixth Army Corps, where I halted and reported to General Wheaton. He told me to remain with his command until the whereabouts of the brigade could be ascertained. About 1 p.m. I

