
rejoined the brigade, and was placed in line on the left of the Sixty-second New York, and advanced, at 3 p.m., about half a mile, where a halt was made, and opened fire on the enemy. On discovering the lines on my right and left retiring, I ordered a withdrawal, but again advanced with the line until we reached a point which the enemy had been driven from. Here the line halted, and a brisk fire was opened on the enemy. We remained at this point a half four, engaging the enemy, and then advanced, the enemy falling back in great disorder. The pursuit was continued until the works of the Nineteenth Corps were reached, where we halted. My regimental colors were the first ones to reach the works. Of the officers and men I cannot say too much, all doing their duty nobly. At one time in the morning the command was in great danger of being captured, but by stubbornly contesting the ground we escaped. I arrived at my former camp at about 6.30 p.m. and bivouacked.

The list of casualties are forwarded.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. PARR,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain GEORGE CLENDENIN, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 38. Report of Colonel James M. Warner, First Vermont Heavy Artillery, commanding Second Brigade, of operations September 19-20.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,September 21, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the military operations of this brigade on the 19th and 20th instant, inclusive:

The brigade broke camp about 2 a.m. of the 19th, crossing the Opequon, on the Berryville and Winchester pike, about 6 a.m., and went into position under heavy shelling, the left connecting with Wheaton's brigade and the right with the Third Division. The brigade was formed in one line in rear of a dense thicket, the right extending to the Berryville and Winchester road. I immediately ordered the Sixth Regiment, Captain M. M. Davis commanding, to be deployed to the front, and it soon engaged the enemy's skirmishers. While awaiting the arrival of other troops a few casualties occurred from random shells. About 12 m. a general advance was ordered, the brigade to conform to the movements of the regiment on the right of the pike. The troops moved out in splendid style; halted an instant after emerging from the woods in order to rectify the alignment before charging over the crest beyond. In front was a long stretch of cleared, undulating country, the enemy holding position to command the gorges through which we must advance. The line advanced at a double-quick over the crest, in face of a galling musketry fire, driving the enemy back in great confusion. In their eagerness to follow up the first success the line was somewhat broken, a portion filing into a ravine which was completely enfiladed by the enemy's fire. Here the loss was for a few moments very heavy, principally in the Fifth and Eleventh

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 113.

---------------

