
Regiments. About 1 p.m., in consequence of the giving way of the troops on the right, the brigade, which had become considerably scattered by the fire from the battery and rifle-pits in front, was compelled to fall back to a position about half a mile in advance of the one from which the line originally started. Meantime the Sixth Regiment advanced to the front line, where they remained throughout the day doing excellent service. About 3 p.m. the entire line again advanced, the First Brigade being the directing one. This movement was brilliant in the extreme. The brigade did not waver for an instant, but advanced steadily until they reached a large brick house, about a mile from the town. Here we encountered the hottest fire of the day, being exposed to a withering musketry fire in front and to the fire from a battery which nearly enfiladed the line. A little beyond this point the success of the right was announced and received with cheers. The brigade advanced to the town without opposition, and encamped about dusk on Abraham's Creek. On the following day the army marched to Strasburg and encamped about a mile north of the town.

Were I to mention all the officers who distinguished themselves on this occasion I should accompany this report with a roster of the commissioned officers of the brigade. I cannot omit to mention, however, the commanding officers of regiments, Major E. E. Johnson, Second Vermont; Major A. F. Walker, Eleventh Vermont; Major H. W. Floyd, commanding Third and Fourth; Captain A. Brown, jr., Fifth, and Captain M. W. Davis, Sixth Regiment, all of whom did their duty nobly. Lieutenant-Colonel Tracy, Second Vermont, who superintended a portion of the line, is entitled to great credit for being on the field on this occasion, as he was suffering from a severe disability. I have already called the attention of the general commanding to the distinguished gallantry of Captain A. H. Newt and Lieutenant H. C. Baxter, who were serving upon my staff.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WARNER,

Colonel Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, Commanding.

Major CHARLES MUNDEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division, Sixth Corps.

No. 39. Report of Colonel George P. Foster, Fourth Vermont Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations September 21-22.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,September 26, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this brigade on the 21st and 22nd of September, 1864:

On the afternoon of the 21st the brigade was ordered to take position on the right of the First Division, Sixth Corps, in two lines. The brigade was formed, with the left resting on the railroad, west and nearly opposite Strasburg. While remaining in this position the first line threw up a hasty breast-work of rails. The loss while occupying this position was one enlisted man, Corpl. Thomas J. Miller, Company K, Third Vermont Volunteers. He was brigade color bearer and was killed while faithfully performing his duty. Late in the afternoon the brigade was ordered to the right of the Third and First Brigades to

