
drive the enemy from a crest. While moving to the right I received notice that the First Brigade, Colonel Warner commanding, had carried the crest; then the brigade was ordered to form on the right of the First Brigade, forming an oblique angle. During the night the brigade threw up a strong line of breast-works and remained there until the next afternoon, when it was ordered to move forward in conjunction with the First and Third Brigades. The line was halted on the crest near the enemy's fortifications. Here the First and Third Brigades and a portion of this brigade became heavily engaged. From this position the brigade was ordered forward with instructions that it would be the guiding brigade. Having crossed the stream and gained the crest on the opposite side, the brigade was halted until the other brigades could form a junction on the left. During the halt the brigade kept up a heavy cross-fire on the enemy's battery in front of the First Brigade. The brigade moved from this position with the First and Third Brigades, carrying the enemy's works and capturing many prisoners.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. P. FOSTER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major CHARLES MUNDEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division, Sixth Corps.

No. 40. Report of Brigadier General Lewis A. Grant, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of operations October 19.
HDQRS. 2ND BRIGADIER (VERMONT BRIGADIER), 2ND DIV., 6TH CORPS,October 25, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the engagement of the 19th instant:

This brigade moved from its camp by the left flank and formed on the creek near Middletown, facing the pike. General Bidwell's brigade was on the left and Colonel Warner's on the right. Before getting into position I threw forward Major Walker's battalion, of the Eleventh Vermont, and the Fifth and Sixth Vermont Regiments, all under command of Major Johnson, of the Second Vermont, who deployed them as skirmishers and drove the rebel skirmishers from the skirt of the woods between the creek and the pike. The brigade then advanced in common with the rest of the division, throwing forward the left near Middletown. Here it was found that the enemy were pressing forward to the right, threatening our rear, and the command fell back to a crest a short distance in the rear, which crest commanded the ravine and some parts of the town. The enemy advanced in heavy force, drove in our skirmishers, and attacked the line of battle, and were repulsed. As the enemy fell back I threw forward skirmishers to follow closely. At this point of time I was informed by General Getty that he had assumed command of the corps, and that I was in command of the division, whereupon I turned over the command of the brigade to Lieutenant Colonel Tracy, Second Vermont Volunteers, Colonel Foster being then absent on duty as general officer of the day for the corps. The enemy soon rallied again, drove in the skirmishers, and made a vigorous attack upon the line, and were repulsed with great slaughter. The

14 R R-VOL XLIII, PT I

