
attack fell the heaviest upon the right of Bidwell's and the left of the Vermont Brigade, but all parts of the line were under heavy fire. The enemy then brought up additional batteries and opened a heavy cannonade, and at the same time pressed our lines with infantry as closely as possible. About this time I was informed that there were no troops on the right and that the enemy occupied the woods on the right, and I received orders to fall back unless I saw good reasons for holding the crest longer. Before having time to give the order the enemy came rushing through the woods on the right, pouring a fire into the flank and rear of Warner's brigade, which necessarily fell back, and the order was immediately given to the other brigades. After having fallen back about half a mile the division was halted and reformed, and when it was found that no troops connected on our right the division fell back a short distance farther, leaving a strong skirmish line to hold the position then occupied. In falling back this time the command obliqued toward the pike, so that when the last position was taken the left of the Third Brigade rested on the pike and the left of the Vermont Brigade on the little creek.

General Getty having resumed the command of the division, I returned to the command of the brigade again. At this time the Second and Third Vermont Regiments held the skirmish line in front. After holding this position for some time subject to an artillery fire the enemy moved forward to an attack. The attack fell heavily on troops to our right, and I was ordered out of the line on the left with my command to support the right, where the severest attack had been, and where it was supposed the main attack would be. After remaining in position on the right, in support of the right of the Sixth and the left of Nineteenth Corps a short time, I moved back toward the left, and, agreeably to orders, took position in reserve, and very soon after resumed my former position in the line. An attack being ordered the brigade moved forward under a very heavy fire, guiding on the Third Brigade, and taking position behind a stone wall, engaged the enemy with great vigor, and held this advanced position for a considerable time alone after the troops on the right and left had retired; and when the line on the right again advanced the brigade advanced upon the enemy and drove him from a strong position near the mill and from behind stone walls. The enemy fell back a short distance and took another position behind another stone wall and was soon driven from that. The brigade rushed forward at a double-quick and the enemy was entirely routed. After leaving the mill there was no halting until the enemy was driven across Cedar Creek and the cavalry had taken up the pursuit. The distance which the enemy was driven was about three miles, and after the rout commenced the battle was with the swift alone. The men rushed forward in pursuit of the enemy, and, in their haste, lost nearly all organization; but all seemed intent on pursuing and overtaking the enemy. Upon arriving near Cedar Creek the cavalry overtook and passed us, and a battery came forward and engaged the enemy. The brigade halted and reorganized near the bridge over Cedar Creek, and somewhat in advance of any other infantry force, and then returned to the camp occupied the night before.

The loss of the brigade was, 33 killed, 210 wounded, and 41 missing; aggregate, 284. I herewith inclose nominal list of casualties.

Among the killed I regret to name Lieutenant O. R. Lee, Eleventh Vermont, a promising and gallant officer. Of those who received honorable wounds were Captain George H. Amidon and Lieutenant Henry C. Baxter, of the brigade staff; also, Lieutenant Colonel A. S. Tracy, Second Vermont Vol-

