
unteers; Capts. W. H. Hubbard, Third Vermont, J. P. Aikens, Fourth Vermont, Thomas Kavaney, Fifth Vermont, Edwin R. Kinney and Thomas B. Kennedy, Sixth Vermont Volunteers, and Edward P. Lee, Eleventh Vermont; Lieuts. A. W. Ferry, Second Vermont, A. W. Lyon, Third Vermont, and G. O. French, Eleventh Vermont.

I desire to commend in general terms for their good conduct the regimental commanders and their respective commands, and to specially mention Major H. W. Floyd, Third Vermont Volunteers, commanding regiment, and my two aides-de-camp, Lieutenant George H. Sessions, Fifth Vermont Volunteers, and Lieutenant Henry C. Baxter, Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, for their truly conspicuous and gallant conduct. I desire also to make honorable mention of Colonel J. M. Warner, Lieutenant Colonel A. S. Tracy, and Lieutenant-Colonel French, brigade commanders, for their noble conduct while I was in command of the division.

General Bidwell was shot from his horse while in the noble discharge of his duties while I was in command of the division. He had twice gallantly repulsed the enemy from his front and fell almost in the ranks of his command. It has been my fortune to serve in the same division with General Bidwell for more than three years. As regimental commanders and also as brigade commanders we have often performed the duties of the camp and the march and fought side by side, and it is but just to say that on every occasion he bore himself with gentlemanly deportment and with marked coolness and intrepidity.

I remain, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. A. GRANT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Major CHARLES MUNDEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 41. Report of Colonel James M. Warner, First Vermont Heavy Artillery, of operations August 21.
HDQRS. FIRST ARTILLERY (ELEVENTH VERMONT VOLS.),August 27, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of an engagement in which this regiment participated on the 21st instant:

About 9 a.m., the picket on our front and flank having been driven in, the Second Division of the corps was promptly thrown out, and in a few minutes had driven the enemy a mile and completely re-established the line. Almost the entire regiment was on the skirmish line throughout the day, and were subjected to a hot fire from 9 a.m. until dark. I regret to announce the loss of Lieutenant Colonel G. E. Chamberlin, who was mortally wounded early in the day while gallantly leading his battalion. Colonel Chamberlin received a musket-ball through the abdomen, and survived but a few hours.

I have already furnished a complete list of casualties, but omitted to mention the loss of a color sergeant to each battalion.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WARNER,

Colonel Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, Commanding.

PETER T. WASHBURN,

Adjutant and Inspector General, State of Vermont.

