
teers charged and captured it, shooting the horse of the major of the First Louisiana, in command of it, capturing him, together with the colonel of the Twenty-sixth Georgia, who was at the time in command of the Georgia brigade. The brigade then followed the enemy up the pike until halted, where they remained until joined by the Forty-ninth and Seventy-seventh New York Volunteers, who had during this time been skirmishing in front of the Nineteenth Corps. Here we remained until the pursuit of the enemy was taken up by the whole army.

Annexed you will find a numerical list* of casualties on this occasion. I would call attention to the following officers, whose conduct during these engagements was particularly meritorious: Lieutenant Colonel W. B. French, Seventy-seventh New York Volunteers, for the able manner he handled the skirmish line before Fisher's Hill, the 20th and 22nd instant. Major C. A. Milliken, Forty-third New York Volunteers, for leading his regiment in the charge at Fisher's Hill, assisting in capturing five pieces of artillery. Second Lieutenant and Actg. Adjt. William J. Kaiser, Forty-ninth New York Volunteers, for bravery during the engagement at Winchester, in which he was wounded. Lieutenant R. H. Moses, One hundred and twenty-second New York Volunteers, for leading his regiment in the charge at Fisher's Hill. Captain Alexander B. Summer, Seventh Maine, for ability shown in handling the skirmish line before Winchester; and I am particularly indebted to Major William H. Long, assistant adjutant-general; Captain George H. Selkirk, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain George S. Orr, acting aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant L. C. Small, aide-de-camp, for the assistance and services rendered on both these occasions, and every officer and man in the command did his duty.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. D. BIDWELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major CHARLES MUNDEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

No. 43. Report of Colonel Thomas W. Hyde, First Maine Veteran Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations October 19.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,October 28, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders from division headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of this brigade during the action of the 9th instant, together with the reports of regimental commanders:

Just before daybreak on the 19th instant, hearing firing on the picket-line on the right, and shortly afterward hearing it on the left, reveille was sounded, and the brigade held under arms. About 6.30 o'clock orders came from division headquarters to fall in and move out by the left flank at once, and in a few minutes orders came to move out at double-quick and take position on the left of the Second Brigade of this division, in two lines, parallel to the pike. This position was taken up by the regiments of this brigade, the first consisting, from right to left, of the Sixty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, Forty-ninth New York,

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 121.

---------------

