
and it was limbered up and ran again to the rear, with its supports, without returning a shot. Pursuit was kept up until we reached the works on the Winchester pike near Cedar Creek, and fire was opened on the confused mass of men and vehicles crossing that stream, and kept up until they were charged upon [by] the cavalry, when the brigade moved back and went into camp on the ground occupied the previous day.

The voice of all present bears witness to the skill with which Lieutenant Colonel W. B. French, Seventy-seventh New York Volunteers, handled the brigade after the lamented Bidwell fell, and to the gallantry of Major Long, assistant adjutant-general, who by his coolness and good judgment contributed no unimportant part to the success of our arms.

Good service was rendered by Captain George H. Selkirk, acting assistant inspector-general, by Captain George S. Orr, acting aide-de-camp, until seriously wounded, and by Lieutenant Lemuel C. Small, aide-de-camp.

The behavior of the officers and men was everything that is commendable. When so many deserve a mention, to name a few would but excite invidious comparison.

Herewith appended is a nominal list of casualties.*

General D. D. Bidwell, attached to the brigade from its first organization as colonel Forty-ninth New York Volunteers, and endeared to all by his many soldierly virtues, kindness of heart, and sterling patriotism, has at last fallen in the first line of battle.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS W. HYDE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major CHARLES MUNDEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

No. 44. Report of Major Stephen C. Fletcher, Seventh Maine Infantry, of operations September 22.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH MAINE VOLUNTEERS,October 1, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to state that when the lines were formed for the final charge on Fisher's Hill, September 22, the right of my regiment connected with the left of the First Brigade. I received orders to charge and gave the orders to the regiment, before any part of the First Brigade commenced moving. As the movement was made we were compelled to oblique to the right so much that the whole of my regiment was in front of the line occupied by the First Brigade. After crossing the canal at the stone house, and commencing to ascend the hill, shots from the First Brigade, charging in our rear, compelled us to halt until they came through the orchard, so as to see that the shortening of the line had placed us in their front. as soon as it was made known to them we again moved forward, charging upon the rebel works. When we reached them the gunners had not all left the guns, and several prisoners were taken before crossing the railroad. No force entered the works on our front before us. Two guns stood near the place where the right of the regiment crossed, the works, and at the left

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 132.

---------------

