
No. 47. Report of Captain David J. Taylor, Sixty-first Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations September 22.
HDQRS. SIXTY-FIRST REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,October 1, 1864.

MAJOR: In connection with the fact of our (Third) brigade capturing the rebel battery at Fisher's Hill, on September 22, 1864, I would most respectfully make the following statement:

The battery in question was directly in front of our brigade. On the right of my regiment was the Seventh Maine, and on my left, between my regiment and the First Division, [sic] and before we reached the work the Forty-third New York had formed and assaulted with us. Our (Third Brigade) line reached the work and the guns before any other troops. While still continuing our pursuit of the flying enemy, the First Brigade of our division came up in our rear and near the battery and opened fire with musketry, many of the bullets falling in our ranks, which were nearly 500 yards in advance. I hurried back and endeavored to stop the firing. I then learned that the First Brigade had placed a guard on the guns that we had captured. In my judgment the true position of the First Brigade was too far to the right to be of any use in assaulting this particular point. They must necessarily have inclined to their left very much to gain it; in doing so they would either have obliqued across our front, or come up in our rear, which they did do.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

D. J. TAYLOR,

Captain, Commanding Sixty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Major W. H. LONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

No. 48. Report of Brigadier General James B. Ricketts, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of operations September 19-22.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SIXTH ARMY CORPS,Camp at Harrisonburg, Va., September 27, 1864.

MAJOR: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to submit a report of the operations of this division in the late engagements at Opequon and Fisher's Hill.

At 2.30 a.m. September 19, 1864, this command broke camp near Clifton, Va., with orders to proceed across the country in the direction of the Opequon River; crossed the river about 7 a.m., on the Berryville and Winchester pike; from thence it was moved to within three miles of Winchester and formed under the crest of a hill to the right of the pike on the right of the Second Division-First Brigade, Colonel Emerson, on the left, Second Brigade, Colonel Keifer, on the right, which was the right of the Sixth Corps. This position was attained about 9 a.m. Skirmishers were thrown forward immediately for the purpose of driving the enemy's skirmishers back, that a battery might be placed in our front. This being accomplished the fighting was confined to the skirmish line and the artillery until 11.40 a.m. The Nineteenth Army Corps was formed about 11 a.m. upon the right of the Sixth Corps, connecting with the right of my division. At the hour

