
12 m. on the 21st, the division, except the Ninth New York [Heavy Artillery] Volunteers, which was detailed as wagon guard, moved with the corps to the right of Strasburg, Va., and was formed again upon the extreme right of the corps. In compliance with an order from Major-General Wright, I ordered forward the One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio, commanded by Captain Hoge, to aid in driving the enemy from a hill in our front. This regiment soon became engaged with the enemy. The Sixth Maryland, commanded by Captain C. K. Prentiss, was soon after ordered forward to its support. After a brisk fight the two regiments charged with the line of battle, under Colonel Horn [Keifer], and took the heights, thereby gaining a very important position, upon which the troops bivouacked for the night. Captain Prentiss displayed great gallantry in this action.

The division remained in the position occupied on the night of the 21st instant until about 12 m. of the 22nd instant. The Sixth Maryland being on the skirmish line was constantly engaged with the enemy's skirmishers. At the hour last named, as directed by Major-General Wright, the division moved off to the right and upon the enemy's left. The Second Brigade, Colonel Keifer, forming the first line, with the First Brigade, Colonel Emerson, as a support, attacked and drove the enemy from two hills, which he held in considerable force. So rapid was their flight that they abandoned shelter-tents, blankets, and a considerable amount of infantry ammunition. During this advance the Sixth Maryland was ordered to push forward upon the extreme left of my skirmish line to resist an attack from the enemy in that direction, which it was successful in doing. In this attack portions of the One hundred and tenth and One hundred and twenty-second Ohio were thrown forward as a strong line of skirmishers, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel M. M. Granger, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio, Major A. Spangler, commanding the One hundred and tenth Ohio. Colonel Granger and Major Spangler exhibited their usual skill and good judgment in the successful management of troops. The skirmishers were pushed over the crest of the hill and to within long rifle range of the enemy's main works, in which were mounted heavy guns. The division was formed behind the crest of the hill confronting the enemy. Although near the enemy he was not able to do us much injury with his artillery. Sharp skirmishing continued until about 4 p.m., when the Eighth Corps commenced and advanced some distance farther to the right and upon the left flank and rear of the enemy. A heavy fire had been opened upon the enemy's works by artillery to my rear and left. My skirmishers were pushed forward with orders to halt near the enemy's works and open fire upon his gunners. The whole line soon after advanced and charged the works, capturing many prisoners and guns and dispersing the rebel infantry in all directions. As we charged a battery opened upon us still farther to our left. The Eighth Corps came up on our immediate right, and with them we moved forward without delay and charged the second battery, capturing it also. At about this time the whole army commenced advancing. The Eighth Corps and my division, being fully upon the enemy's left flank and rear, pushed forward with wild and victorious shouts along the entire line of the enemy, from his left to extreme right, capturing all his artillery in position and capturing and dispersing his troops. Not a regiment or company of the enemy left the field in anything like order. Of the number of pieces of artillery captured, this division is entitled to the credit of capturing four at least, and 219 prisoners. The division pursued the enemy with the corps all

