
night. The pursuit of the fugitive enemy was continued by the infantry to Harrisonburg, Va., at which place the army arrived on the 25th instant.

The loss in my division was very light on the 22nd, considering the results attained.

Throughout the two engagements Colonel William Emerson, commanding First Brigade, and Colonel J. Warren Keifer, commanding Second Brigade, displayed great bravery and energy in the discharge of their important duties, maintaining their usual reputation for cool courage important duties, maintaining their usual, reputation for cool courage and excellent judgment and skill. The officers of their respective staffs were conspicuous for bravery and good conduct. I cannot too highly commend their gallantry.

In connection with the above. I would mention the following-named officers of my command who have particularly distinguished themselves in the late engagements, and who are worthy and deserving of promotion:

Third Division staff: Captain Andrew J. Smith, One hundred and twenty-second New York Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain Benjamin W. Richards, additional aide-de-camp; Captain George B. Damon, Tenth Vermont Volunteers, judge-advocate; Captain Robert T. Cornwell, Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, provost-marshal; Captain George J. Oakes, One hundred and fifty-first New York Volunteers, ordnance officer; Lieutenant O. V. Tracy, One hundred and twenty-second New York Volunteers, division inspector; Surg. Robert Barr, Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, surgeon-in-chief.

First Brigade: Colonel William Emerson, One hundred and fifty-first New York Volunteers, commanding brigade; Captain Charles H. Leonard, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers; Captain Hiram W. Day, One hundred and sixth New York Volunteers, brigade inspector; First Lieutenant John A. Hicks, Tenth Vermont Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp. Fourteenth New Jersey Volunteers-Captain William W. Conover, First Lieutenant William B. Ross. One hundred and fifty-first New York Volunteers-First Lieutenant Edward E. Russell.

Second Brigade: Colonel J. Warren Keifer, One hundred and tenth Ohio Volunteers, commanding brigade; First Lieutenant John A. Gump, One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant J. T. Rorer, One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp; Captain J. P. Dudrow, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp; Second Lieutenant R. W. Wiley, One hundred and tenth Ohio Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp. Sixth Maryland Volunteers-Colonel John W. Horn, Captain Clifton K. Prentiss, Captain J. J. Bradshaw. Ninth New York [Heavy Artillery] Volunteers-Major Charles Burgess (at Winchester only). One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Volunteers-Colonel William H. Ball, Lieutenant Colonel Moses M. Granger, First Lieutenant M. D. Wheeler, First Lieutenant I. R. Hendershott. One hundred and tenth Ohio Volunteers-Lieutenant Colonel O. H. Binkley, Major Aaron Spangler, Captain J. B. Van Eaton.

The already great length of this report forbids my making special mention of the many acts of daring bravery that were performed by officers and men of this command.

A nominal list of casualties is herewith transmitted.*

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. RICKETTS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Major C. A. WHITTIER, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Sixth Corps.

---------------

*Embodied in tables, pp. 113, 121.

---------------

