
CHARLESTOWN, W. VA., September 2, 1864 - 7.30 p. m.

Official dispatch from Averell confirms my previous telegram and the capture of 20 or 25 wagons, 2 battle-flags, and some prisoners. Early and his command commenced moving to-day. I have sent two divisions of cavalry to the Front Royal pike.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.

CLIFTON, NEAR BERRYVILLE, VA.,

September 4, 1864 - 8 p. m.

Yesterday evening, just before dark, Kershaw's division attacked Crook on the Berryville pike, and was handsomely repulsed, with a loss of 50 prisoners and over 200 killed and wounded. To-day had been spent on both sides without any results. The indications look to an engagement to-morrow.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLOCK,

Chief of Staff.

NEAR BERRYVILLE, VA., September 5, 1864 - 11 p. m.

(Received 12 m. 6th.)

In my dispatch of yesterday I supposed that an engagement would probably take place to-day, but the enemy withdrew during the night to the west side of the Opequon. I have not been able to verify the reports that any portion of the rebel troops in the Valley have as yet left for Richmond. Yesterday and to-day I have had prisoners from Early's corps, Kershaw's division, and from Fitzhugh Lee's cavalry. I have had no prisoners from Breckinridge's corps for three days, but have had other information from prisoners, from scouts who have been to Winchester, and from my cavalry, who have been to the Front Royal and Strasburg pike, that as yet no rebel troops have gone toward Richmond. My estimate of Early's force is about 27,000 infantry. Captain Blazer's company of mounted men, of General Crook's command, had a fight with Mosby yesterday. Killed 2 officers and 11 men and captured 6 men; also a number of horses and equipments. Our cavalry captured 1 officer and 3 men. The enemy's loss, in their attack on General Crook yesterday, was greater than I first reported. They left a number of their dead unburied.

P. H. SHERIDAN.

Major-General HALLECK.

NEAR BERRYVILLE, VA., September 8, 1864 - 9 p. m.

(Received 1.25 a. m. 9th.)

Nothing important to report to-day. I moved General Crook to Summit Point as Rodes moved from STephenson's Depot to Brucetown. Yesterday Wilson's cavalry division crossed the Opequon and went in

