
Lieutenant R. W. Wiley, acting aide-de-camp on Second Brigade staff, was the only officer captured in the division; he, mistaking the location of troops, rode into the enemy's lines.

Of the good conduct of the division staff I cannot speak in too high terms. Captain Andrew J. Smith, acting assistant adjutant-general, throughout the whole action displayed great bravery, skill, and judgment. Captain Osgood V. Tracy, division inspector, Captain George B. Damon, judge-advocate of division, and Captain Anson S. Wood, chief of pioneers, each carried orders faitfully and gallantly in the thickest of the battle. Each member of the division staff was especially efficient and active in preserving lines, keeping up and urging on the troops. Captain George J. Oakes, acting ordnance officer of the division, deserves much credit for his energy and efficiency in supplying the troops with ammunition.

Robert Barr, Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania, chief surgeon of division, W. A. Child, Tenth Vermont, and William M. Houston, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio, chief surgeons of brigades, with the other medical officers of the division, deserve high commendation for their great skill and energy in taking care of and ministering to the many wounded.

Forty-three officers and 632 enlisted men were killed and wounded in the division.

A summary of casualties by brigades is hereto appended.

Copies of brigade and regimental reports are herewith transmitted.

I am, major, with high esteem, your most obedient and humble servant,

J. WARREN KEIFER,

Colonel 110th Ohio Volunteers, Brevet Brigadier-General, Comdg.

Major C. A. WHITTIER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixth Army Corps.

Summary of casualties by brigades in Third Division, Sixth Army Corps, at the battle of Cedar Creek, Va., on the 19th day of October, 1864.

Killed. Wounded. Missing. Total.

Brigade.	 Off	 Men	 Off	 Men	 Off	 Me	 Off	 Men	 Aggr

 ice	 .	 ice	 .	 ice	 n.	 ice	 .	 egat

 rs	 	 rs.	 	 rs.	 	 rs.	 	 e.

First Brigade	 4	 34	 15	 190	 -	 -	 19	 224	 243

Second	 4	 60	 19	 311	 1	 18	 24	 389	 413

Brigade

Total*	 8	 94	 34	 501	 1	 18	 43	 613	 656

No. 50. Reports of Colonel William Emerson, One hundred and fifty-first New York Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations September 19-22 and October 19.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADIER, THIRD DIV., SIXTH ARMY CORPS,Harrisonburg, September 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with orders from division headquarters, I have the honor to report the following officers as having distinguished themselves at Winchester and Fisher's Hill: Colonel John W. Schall,

---------------

*But see revised table, p. 132.

---------------

