
Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania-in being mustered out with his regiment the Government has lost a valuable and efficient officer; First Lieutenant John A. Hicks, Tenth Vermont, acting aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant Edward E. Russell, One hundred and fifty-first New York Volunteers; First Lieutenant William B. Ross, Fourteenth New Jersey. All the officers did so well that it is difficult to pick out officers who distinguished themselves.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. EMERSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. J. SMITH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADIER, THIRD DIV., SIXTH ARMY CORPS,September 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward a report of the operations of this command during the recent engagements from September 19 to date, inclusive:

On the 19th instant, at 2.30 a.m., this command broke camp near Clifton, Va., with orders to proceed across the country in the direction of the Opequon River. The river was crossed at about 8.30 a.m., and after marching a mile and a half the enemy's skirmishers were met, when a line of battle was immediately formed. This brigade was formed on the right of the Second Division, and on the left of this division in two lines-the Fourteenth New Jersey Volunteers and One hundred and sixth New York Volunteers in first line, the Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers and Tenth Vermont Volunteers second line. The One hundred and fifty-first New York Volunteers were thrown forward immediately as skirmishers for the purpose of driving the enemy's skirmishers back that a battery might be placed in our immediate front. This being accomplished, the fighting was confined to the skirmish line and the artillery until 11.40 a.m. with inconsiderable loss on our side. At this hour we were ordered by Captain Smith, acting assistant adjutant-general, to make an assault upon the enemy's position in our front, this brigade being the directing brigade, with orders not to halt until we received orders. Precisely at the appointed moment our column gallantly advanced, and was immediately exposed to a terrific fire from the enemy's guns. Major Vredenburgh, commanding Fourteenth New Jersey Volunteers, who was charge with the direction of the line, and while bravely urging his troops forward, was struck by a shell and instantly killed, his last words being, "Guide on me, boys; I will do the best I can." The brigade moved quickly forward for about a mile, passing a house on the right of the pike and capturing almost all the enemy in our immediate front. Two pieces of artillery, which had worked considerable damage to our troops, were then discovered and a charge was made to secure possession of them. At this moment it was discovered that our right flank was not protected by the Nineteenth Corps, and that a heavy force of the enemy had been placed in position for the purpose of cutting us off. These guns would have been taken by our troops had our flanks been properly protected. The order was given for our men to fall back on the second line, but the enemy advancing at the same time in force, threw us temporarily into confusion. The line was soon reformed, and the enemy again driven from the house above mentioned, and our line formed

