
Heller, color bearer of the One hundred and fifty-first, for his bravery, which compliment was most richly deserved. The brigade remained in this position until ordered to move back slowlyk, which was done, to a road, when, according to order, through Captain Wood, it was formed in second line, together with number of scattered troops. This position was held some time, when I again had orders to fall back, which I did, until arriving on a hill between two pieces of woods, when an order came to halt and form. After being here a short time an order came by Captain Wood, of division staff, to move to the rear by right of regiments and to incline to the right toward the pike. We proceeded in this manner until ordered to halt and form in line, faced to the front, after which Lieutenant Tracy brought orders to move forward and form on the right of the Second Brigade. I found the Second Brigade formed in a piece of woods, and formed in one line on their right, the men throwing rails and logs up in front for protection. The brigade lay here under a fire of shell until about 4 p.m., when Captain Smith came with an order to move forward, connecting on the left with the Second Brigade. The brigade moved through the woods, when it received a very heavy fire on the right flank, under which it was broken, but soon reformed in its old position, and again moved forward to a stone fence, the enemy being behind another stone wall in front with a clear field intervening. There was a stone wall running from the right flank of the brigade to the wall behind which the enemy lay. Some of my men lay scattered along this last-named wall. The First Division lay to the right and in advance, nearly parallel with the enemy. Everything appeared to be at a dead lock, with heavy firing of artillery and musketry. At this stage Colonel Keifer, commanding division, came to me an inquired what men those were lying along the wall running from our line to the enemy's, and ordered me to send them forward to flank the enemy and drive them from their position. The execution of the order was entrusted to Captain H. W. Day, inspector of the brigade, who proceeded along the wall, and getting on the enemy's flank dislodged them, when the brigade was moved rapidly forward, in connection with Second Brigade, and did not stop until we arrived in the works of the Nineteenth Corps, when, in accordance with orders from Colonel Keifer, the brigade went to its position of the morning, got its breakfast, and encamped, satisfied that it had done a good day's work before breakfast.

I take great pleasure in stating that in the last charge, Corpl. Daniel P. Reigle captured a battle-flag from a color bearer of the enemy.

Among our casualties I have to regret the loss of the brave and gallant Augustus Phillips, adjutant of the One hundred and eighty-fourth New York Volunteers, who, though he had been in the brigade but a short time, had proved himself to be a gallant soldier and a gentleman, and died as a soldier should die, bravely doing his whole duty.

The loss of the brigade was: Officers-killed, 4; wounded, 15. Enlisted men-killed, 34; wounded, 190. Total, 243.*

WM. EMERSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain O. V. TRACY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*But see revised table, p. 132.

---------------

