
No. 51. Reports of Captain Jacob J. Janeway, Fourteenth New Jersey Infantry, of operations September 19-22 and October 19.
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,September 26, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with order received this day, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Fourteenth New Jersey Volunteers during the late engagements at the Opequon and Fisher's Hill from the time that I took command, which was immediately after Major Vredenburgh was killed: We had then advanced as far as the picket-line, where the regiment had halted to form. Being ordered forward, I advanced the regiment to the deep ravine, halted for a few moments, formed, and then advanced until I received orders to halt. The right was then falling back, and my regiment fell back with the line, having with them fifteen of the enemy prisoners. As soon as the line was reformed the regiment again advanced with the line and remained under a heavy fire, doing what execution it could. The line was again ordered forward. Having thrown out skirmishers to cover the front of my regiment, as ordered, advanced in line to beyond Winchester, when my regiment was thrown out in front of brigade as skirmishers. In this way we advanced to the fortified heights on the right of Winchester; rejoined the brigade; went on picket; deployed a sufficient number of men to cover brigade front. Rejoined the brigade next morning on the march; bivouacked for the night near Strasburg. Moved with brigade next day to a position on the right. At 12 m. next day moved with the brigade and advanced in line of battle to near the top of a high crest near the enemy's intrenchments. Here we remained for some time; being ordered forward, advanced double-quick over the enemy's earth-works and in time to take a rebel lieutenant and fourteen men prisoners. I then formed my regiment, and as I could see nothing of line I advanced it through the woods, over the railroad, to the top of the hill, moving parallel to the road in a good line, where I halted and waited for a Massachusetts regiment to connect with our right, as there were only a few scattering men in our front. I here met Captain Smith, of division staff, who ordered me to take the crest of the hill. My regiment was the first to reach the top. We here halted, and in a short time after joined the brigade on the turnpike.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. JANEWAY,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain CHARLES H. LEONARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,Near Cedar Creek, Va., November 1, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular received this day, I have the honor to make the following report of the part which the Fourteenth New Jersey Volunteers took in the engagement of the 19th of October, in the battle of Cedar Creek, Va.:

At daylight on the 19th instant I was awakened by heavy firing on the left of our lines, and in a short time afterward received orders to

