
have my regiment pack up and get under arms. Brigade formed line on the crest of the hill in rear of the camp; my regiment was in the second line. We were here but a few moments before we were under fire. A regiment breaking in the front line, I received orders from my brigade commander to place my regiment in their place. In doing this a volley was fired upon us from the rear by our own troops, which caused my men to break. They were soon rallied, and when our whole line gave way my regiment went with them, stopped with the line behind the rail fence, and fell back with the brigade in good order. Formed line in edge of woods, being on the right of brigade. At 1 p.m sent 100 men and 3 commissioned officers to the front, according to orders received, to be deployed as skirmishers, covering the brigade front, and advanced to the edge of the woods. When the line had advanced at 4 p.m. over the skirmish line, my men were assembled and joined the brigade, on the left behind the stone wall, and participated in the final charge, and reached our old camp after dark.

Casualties: 1 commissioned officer killed, 1 commissioned officer wounded, 3 enlisted men killed, 23 enlisted men wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. JANEWAY,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain CHARLES H. LEONARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 52. Reports of Captain Peter Robertson, One hundred and sixth New York Infantry, of operations September 19-22 and October 19.
HDQRS. 106TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,September 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from headquarters First Brigade, Third Division, Sixth Army Corps, calling for a synopsis of the operations of this command in the engagements of the 19th and 22nd of September, I have the honor to forward the following report:

At 2 a.m. the morning of the 19th of September this regiment, with the brigade, broke camp at Clifton Heights and took up the line of march in a southwesterly direction for the Opequon Creek, keeping to the right of the Berryville and Winchester pike. At 7 a.m. cannonading was heard in the direction of the crossing, and it was soon found that the cavalry had effected a crossing and forced the enemy back a distance of two miles or more, when the infantry immediately crossed, and following the pike a distance of one mile and a half or more we took up a position on its left, with the right of our regiment resting on the left of the front line of the Second Brigade of the Third Division. Here we remained until about 10 a.m., when the charge was sounded and the regiment moved forward in fine style under a heavy fire from two of the enemy's batteries, which made sad havoc in our ranks. Notwithstanding this terrible fire of shot and shell the men kept steadily on, drove the batteries from their positions, and in conjunction with the rest of the brigade would have captured them had we been supported on the right by the Nineteenth Corps. The failure of this obliged us to fall back some distance. Rallying again, we regained our old position under a heavy fire, capturing in this charge about sixty

