
prisoners, forty of whom we hold receipts for. Holding the position we had thus regained, heavy musketry was kept up till 4 p.m., when, the lines being reformed, we made a second charge, which decided the action of the day. In each charge the One hundred and sixth was in the front line, and too much praise cannot be given to both officers and men for their bravery and steadiness under a murderous fire from both front and flank. In both charges we lost 2 officers wounded and 51 enlisted men killed and wounded, which attests the hard fighting we sustained. We went into the fight with about 200 muskets. At sunset we entered Winchester and rested for the night.

In the fight of Fisher's Hill this regiment was again in the front line and participated in all the fighting of the brigade and division. This command assisted in the capture of the fort near Fisher's Hill and captured one Parrott gun from the enemy and fifty-eight prisoners, for which we hold receipts. Since then, captain, the actions of this command are well known to you, and in connection with its sister regiments have, I venture to say, reflected high credit to the brigade and its commander.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER ROBERTSON,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain C. H. LEONARD,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Third Div., Sixth Army Corps.
HDQRS. 106TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,November 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from headquarters First Brigade, Third Division, Sixth Army Corps, calling for a synopsis of the operations of this regiment during the action of the 19th of October, I have the honor to forward the following report:

At daybreak on the morning of the 19th of October, this regiment, with the brigade, was aroused by heavy musketry firing on our left front, which proved to be an attack in force by the enemy on the left of the Eighth Corps. Reveille was immediately sounded, and shortly afterward musketry firing was heard on our right and center. The order to strike tents was then sounded from brigade headquarters, and shortly after orders were received to stand to arms. The brigade was then formed into line, and stood to arms for a few minutes, when orders came for the brigade to move, which it did by the right flank, filing right, and formed into line, fronting toward the Middletown pike. After remaining in this position a short time the brigade was moved to its first line again. It was then moved again, and formed line of battle with its right near the Middletown pike and fronting toward Strasburg. Here it was broken through and driven back some distance by the retreating columns of the Eighth and Nineteenth Corps, but rallying again, they succeeded in forming a junction with the Second Brigade of the division, when some sharp fighting ensued, the division falling back in good order, closely contesting every foot of ground. This regiment, with part of the brigade, supported Battery M, [Fifth U. S. Artillery,] and succeeded in recapturing two of their pieces of artillery which had been captured from them by the enemy in the early part of the action. This regiment, with the brigade and corps, continued to fall back slowly until beyond Middletown, when the advance of the enemy was checked.

