
When the advance upon the enemy's lines by our troops was ordered by Major-General Sheridan, this regiment was in the front line, which position it continued to occupy during all the subsequent charges made upon the lines of the retreating enemy.

This regiment lost during the action its commanding officer and 2 line officers wounded, also 8 enlisted men killed on the field, and 42 enlisted men wounded.

This regiment had about forty-five recruits, most of whom had joined the regiment only two days previous, and who behaved all through the action in the most praiseworthy manner.

Both officers and men of this and other regiments of the brigade deserve great praise for their cool and a steady bravery during the action. The great number of casualties in a regiment so small as the One hundred and sixth New York Volunteer Infantry plainly shows how stubborn the contest was on that eventful day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER ROBERTSON,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain CHARLES H. LEONARD,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Third Div., Sixth Army Corps.

No. 53. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas M. Fay, One hundred and fifty-first New York Infantry, of operations September 19-22.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders this day received from headquarters First Brigade, Third Division, Sixth Army Corps, I have the honor to report the operations of the One hundred and fifty-first Regiment New York State Volunteers at the battles of the Opequon and Fisher's Hill, as follows:

The regiment left Clifton with the Sixth Army Corps on the 19th instant at 3 a.m. and marched with the corps across the Opequon. The left wing of the regiment was thrown out as flankers shortly after leaving camp, the right wing remaining in the column. Immediately upon arriving upon the battle field the right wing was thrown out as skirmishers. They advanced and relieved the cavalry, who were then skirmishing with the enemy in front of the brigade. Shortly the left wing came in from the flanks and a larger portion of it was placed upon the skirmish line and the rest held in reserve. The skirmishing was very severe, but we succeeded in driving the enemy some distance. During the skirmish Captain Sanders and Williams were wounded. While engaging the enemy with as much effect as possible the line of battle advanced and was not discovered until it was within a short distance. Having received no orders concerning this, before my skirmishers could be advanced the line of battle had charged over them.

A part of the skirmish line joined in the charge and a part remained in their places. As much of the regiment was assembled as it was possible to collect and rejoined the brigade at the advanced position it had attained. It was then again thrown out as skirmishers and advanced as such in front of the line of battle in the second advance. They were assembled at dark and rested for the night in camp with the brigade.

