
At noon of the 22nd the regiment moved with the division from the works it had thrown up the previous night, formed line of battle, and advanced to within a short distance of the enemy's works. It participated in the charge of Fisher's Hill and captured two pieces of artillery and several prisoners.

Both officers and men displayed great courage and conducted themselves in a manner worthy of the highest praise. All the officers of the regiment exerted themselves to the utmost to inspire the men with confidence and were ceaseless in their efforts to do their whole duty. I cannot make special mention of one without injustice to all the others. The men, with but few exception, did themselves much honor, and their bravery and gallant conduct were surpassed by none. First Sergt. Julius Ambruster was conspicuous for his daring and soldierly conduct during the battle of the Opequon, where he was severely wounded in the head.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. M. FAY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain C. H. LEONARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 54. Reports of Lieutenant John A. Wolcott, One hundred and fifty-first New York Infantry, of operations September 19-22 and October 19.
HEADQUARTERS 151ST NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,November 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the action of this regiment at the engagements of the Opequon, September 19, and at Fisher's Hill, September 22, 1864, as follows:

The regiment, with the Sixth Corps, broke camp near Clifton at 3 a.m., and advanced upon the enemy by the Berryville pike. The regiment led the Third Division, the left wing thrown out as flankers. Beyond the Opequon, our cavalry having engaged the enemy's pickets and driven them back upon their main force, an infantry skirmish line relieved the cavalry. This regiment was deployed as skirmishers. The enemy were held in check until 12 m., when our line of battle advanced upon them. After the line of battle had advanced this regiment fell back and assembled, awaiting orders. At 2 p.m. they moved forward and took position in line of battle. At 4 p.m., with the line of battle, advanced in its memorable and victorious charge of that glorious day, which scattered and drove the enemy in confusion from the field. That night camped near Winchester. The loss on this occasion was 2 commissioned officers wounded, 3 enlisted men killed, and 12 enlisted men wounded.

Upon the afternoon of September 21, our forces having advanced upon the enemy intrenched at Fisher's Hill, this regiment, with the Third Division, Sixth Army Corps, was moved to take position upon the extreme right of the line of battle being formed. After a severe skirmish, during which this regiment was with the troops held as reserve, the desired point was secured and the line established. Next morning this division threw up breast-works, being in two lines of battle, this regiment in the second line. At 12 m. we moved out to

