
No. 56. Report of Captain Edgar M. Ruhl, Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations September 19 and 22.
HDQRS. BATTALION EIGHTY-SEVENTH PENNSYLVANIA,September 26, 1864.

In compliance with orders, I have the honor to submit the following report:

Left camp at 3.20 a.m. of the 19th; forded the Opequon, and placed in line of battle on left of Winchester and Berryville road, about two miles from Winchester, by 8 a.m. The regiment, being formed on left of second line, moved forward at 11.40 a.m., driving the enemy about one mile. Took an active part in the operations of the day, sustaining a loss of 7 killed and 47 wounded.

Operations of 22nd.-Moved on left flank of enemy about noon; division formed in lines of battle, regiment on right of second line. Advanced about two miles; regiment thrown out on right of flank to support skirmish line. Remained in this position until the skirmish line advanced, when we assisted in driving the enemy from their works. Loss, 1 killed and 3 wounded.

EDGAR M. RUHL,

Captain, Commanding Battalion.

Captain C. H. LEONARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 57. Report of Captain John A. Salsbury, Tenth Vermont Infantry, commanding Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations October 19.
HDQRS. BATTLN. EIGHTY-SEVENTH PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,November 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of battalion Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers in the action near Cedar Creek, Va., October 19, 1864:

Took command of the battalion about 11 a.m. October 19, 1864, its commander being killed early in the morning. Formed about a mile in rear of Middletown on the front line of battle of First Brigade, Third Division, Sixty Army Corps, about 12 m. Advanced about 3.30 p.m., driving the enemy, and in the last charge on the enemy Corpl. Daniel P. Reigle, of my command, captured a battle-flag from the enemy's color bearer near Middletown, Va. Continued to advance until reaching the works of General Crook's command, when, about 7 p.m., we were ordered back to our old camp.

Very respectfully, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

JOHN A. SALSBURY,

Captain Tenth Vermont, Comdg. Battln. 87th Pennsylvania Vols.

Captain CHARLES H. LEONARD,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Third Div., Sixth Army Corps.

