
The total casualties of the command during this action were: Commissioned officers-killed, 1; wounded, 3. Enlisted men-killed, 10; wounded, 50; missing, 1. Total, 65.

In the action which took place on the 22nd instant at Fisher's Hill the regiment, upon the formation to attack, was posted upon the left of the brigade in the second line of battle. In the advance to the ridge, next that on which the enemy was intrenched, it met with a trifling loss in wounded, and after lying in line of battle upon the rising slope of the ridge until near 5 p.m., took part in the general movement, and marched in line of battle, under a threatening fire of shot and canister for a time, to attack the enemy's works, with admirable steadiness. On reaching the open, upon the ridge, it moved by the right flank until uncovered by the first line, then forming upon its right, when the brigade broke into that rushing charge down the slope and up the height, which the enemy scarcely waited to receive. The regiment entered the works among the first, and in this charge took two brass field pieces and fifty-eighth prisoners, following the routed enemy up the pike until dark. My loss was small, viz, 1 enlisted man killed, 1 commissioned officer and 7 enlisted men wounded.

I respectfully congratulate the brigade commander upon the results of these engagements, of incalculable value to our cause, and inspiring increased confidence among officers and men of the brigade in themselves, each other, and their brigade commander.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. T. HUNT,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain C. H. LEONARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 59. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles G. Chandler, Tenth Vermont Infantry, of operations October 19.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH VERMONT VOLUNTEERS,Near Middletown, Va., November 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, in compliance with orders, the part taken by the regiment under my command in the battle of Cedar Creek, October 19, 1864.

Soon after daylight, the enemy having flanked the left of the general line and forced the troops occupying it from their positions, the brigade was formed at a right angle with its original line in two lines of battle, facing south, and holding the ridge north of the valley of Meadow Run, a small creek running parallel with the pike form Middletown. This regiment, numbering 16 officers and 253 muskets, was assigned a position, being the second in the front line of battle, lying near the present brigade headquarters. At this time men, wagons, artillery, &amp;c., were passing to the rear through our lines in much confusion. The enemy appeared at about 7.30, opening a very severe fire of artillery and musketry from the commanding crest he had gained in our front, causing us considerable loss while the troops were yet lying down unable to return the fire to advantage. This fire, well directed, swept the ground we occupied, while the enemy threw forward his skirmishers into the valley. The severe fire from the front, now increased by a par-

