
I have to mention with regret the loss in the last charge of Sergt. William Mahoney, color bearer of the regiment, who has borne the colors through every action the regiment has been engaged in with remarkable gallantry.

It is impossible to particularize officers or men where all behaved so gallantly. Captain H. H. Dewey, Company A, commanded the regiment in the latter part of the day, leading it in the last gallant charge and the severe combat preceding.

The loss was very heavy, being equal to one-half of all the officers present and one-third of the whole number present in the regiment. The numbers are as follows: Killed-commissioned officers, 1; enlisted men, 15. Wounded-commissioned officers, 7; enlisted men,58. Missing-enlisted men, 4. Total, 85.

A nominal list of casualties has been already forwarded.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES G. CHANDLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Tenth Vermont Volunteers.

Captain CHARLES H. LEONARD,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Third Div., Sixth Army Corps.

No. 60. Report of Colonel J. Warren Keifer, One hundred and Tenth Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations September 19-22.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADIER, THIRD DIV., SIXTH ARMY CORPS,Camp at Harrisonburg, Va., September 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: As directed in orders, I have the honor to submit a report of the operations of this brigade in the late engagements at Opequon and Fisher's Hill, Va.

This brigade was composed on the morning of the 19th instant of the Sixth Maryland, One hundred and thirty-eighth and Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania, One hundred and tenth, One hundred and twenty-sixth and One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry Regiments, and First and Third Battalions, Ninth New York Heavy Artillery Regiment, commanded, respectively, by Colonel John W. Horn, Colonel M. R. McClellan, First Lieutenant J. F. Young, Lieutenant Colonel Otho H. Binkley, Lieutenant Colonel Aaron W. Ebright, Colonel William H. Ball, and Major Charles Burgess, numbering in the aggregate about 2,000 muskets.

At 3 a.m. September 19, 1864, the brigade marched from it late camp near Berryville to the Berryville pike and along the pike in the direction of Winchester, Va., crossing Opequon Creek near the pike and about five miles from Winchester; from thence it was moved to within three miles of Winchester and formed behind the crest of a hill to the right of the pike and upon the right of the Third Division, which was the right of the Sixth Corps. Skirmishers were thrown forward from the front line, under command of Major Charles M. Cornyn, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio, who immediately became engaged with the enemy's skirmishers. This position was attained about 9 a.m. The Nineteenth Army Corps was formed about 11 a.m. upon the right of my brigade. Heavy skirmishing continued until about 12 m., when the whole line advanced. I was ordered by Brigadier-General Ricketts to dress my brigade toward the turnpike and upon the First Brigade, Third Division, Sixth Corps. As soon as we commenced to advance we were

