
He maintained his usual reputation for cool courage and excellent judgment and skill. Captain John S. Stuckey, One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania, lost a leg. Major Charles M. Cornyn, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio; Captains Feight and Walter, One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania; Captain Williams, Lieutenants Patterson, Wells, and Crooks, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio; Captains Hawkins and Rouzer and Lieutenant Smith, Sixth Maryland; Lieutenants Fish and Colvin, Ninth New York Heavy Artillery; Captains Van Eaton and Trimble and Lieutenants Deeter and Simes, One hundred and tenth Ohio, are among the many officers more or less severely wounded. Lieutenant Deeter has since died. I cannot too highly commend their gallantry. Captain J. P. Dudrow, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio, and Lieutenant R. W. Wiley, One hundred and tenth Ohio, were each slightly wounded while acting as aides-de-camp upon my staff.

The enemy was pursued on the 20th to Fisher's Hill, about one mile and a half south of Strasburg, Va., on the Staunton turnpike, where he was strongly fortified in an apparently impregnable position. This brigade bivouacked with the corps near Strasburg. About 12 m. on the 21st the brigade, except the Ninth New York Heavy Artillery, which was detailed as was formed again upon the extreme right of the corps. In compliance with an order from Brigadier-General Ricketts. I ordered forward the One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio, commanded by Captain G. W. Hoge, to aid in driving the enemy from a hill in our front. The regiment soon became engaged with the enemy. The Sixth Maryland, commanded by Captain C. K. Prentiss, was soon after ordered forwarded to its support. After a brisk fight the two regiments charged and took the heights, thereby gaining a very important position, upon which the troops bivouacked for the night. In this affair the One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio had 4 enlisted men killed and 17 wounded, and the Sixth Maryland had 7 enlisted men wounded. Captains Hoge and Prentiss displayed great gallantry in this action.

The brigade remained in the position occupied on the night of the 21st instant until about 12 m. of the 22nd instant. The Sixth Maryland, being on the skirmish line, was constantly engaged with the enemy's skirmishers. At the hour last named, as directed by Brigadier-General Ricketts, the brigade moved off to the right and upon the enemy's left and, with the First Brigade, Third Division, as a support, attacked and drove the enemy from two hills, which he held in considerable force. So rapid was his flight that he abandoned shelter-tents, blankets, and a considerable amount of infantry ammunition. During this advance I ordered the Sixth Maryland to push forward upon the extreme left of my skirmish line to resist an attack from the enemy in that direction, which it was successful in doing. In this attack portions of the One hundred and tenth and One hundred and twenty-second Ohio were thrown forward as a strong line of skirmishers under the command of Lieutenant Colonel M. M. Granger, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio, Major Aaron Spangler, commanding the One hundred and tenth Ohio. Colonel Granger and Major Spangler exhibited their usual skill and good judgment in the successful management of troops. The skirmishers were pushed over the crest of the hill and to within long rifle range of the enemy's main works, in which were mounted heavy guns. The brigade was formed behind the crest of the hill confronting the enemy. Although near the enemy he was not able to do us much injury with his artillery. Sharp skirmishing continued until about 4 p.m., when

