
the Eighth Corps commenced an advance some distance farther to the right and upon the left flank and rear of the enemy. A heavy fire had been opened upon the enemy's works by artillery to my rear and left. My skirmishers were pressed forward with orders to halt near the enemy's works and open fire upon his gunners. The whole line soon after advanced and charged the works, capturing many prisoners and four guns, and dispersing the rebel infantry in all directions. As we charged a battery opened upon my men still farther to our left. The Eighth Corps came up on our immediate right, and with them we moved forward without delay and charged the second battery, capturing it also. At about this time the whole army commenced advancing, the Eighth Corps and Third Division, Sixth Corps, being fully upon the enemy's left flank and rear, pushed forward with wild and victorious shouts along the entire line of the enemy from his left to extreme right, capturing all his artillery in position, and capturing and dispersing his troops. Not a regiment or company of the enemy left the field in anything like order. Of the number of pieces of artillery captured this brigade is entitled to the credit of capturing eight at least. The number of prisoners captured by the brigade I cannot state. Many of the captured prisoners were left behind to be picked up by others in the rear. It is said that through neglect to place guards over captured artillery others who came up later guarded and claimed it as their capture. The brigade pursued the enemy with the corps all night. The pursuit of the fugitive enemy was continued by the infantry to Harrisonburg, Va., at which place the army arrived on the 25th instant. Thus ended the glorious victory at Fisher's Hill, the enemy's supposed "haven of security."

The loss in my brigade on the 22nd was very light, considering the result attained.

Many acts of daring bravery were performed by officers and men of this command. Lieutenant R. W. Wiley, with Privates O. A. Ashbrook, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio, William Wise and Elias A. Barr, Company I, One hundred and tenth Ohio, rushed in advance of the line and captured Captain Ashby (brother of the late rebel General Ashby) and twenty-one men. Sergt. Albert J. Rouston and Private Elias Wreights, Company B, One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania, were the first in a fort in which they captured one officer and thirty men. Each party brought their prisoners away securely. Other instances of similar character might be mentioned.

The loss in my command in killed and wounded from the 19th to the 22nd of September, 1864, inclusive, was 4 officers and 54 enlisted men killed, and 25 officers and 314 enlisted men wounded, making an aggregate of 397 killed and wounded.

Hereto appended will be found a summary of casualties by regiments. Throughout the two engagements Lieutenant Colonel Otho H. Binkley, Major Aaron Spangler, One hundred and tenth Ohio; Colonel William H. Ball, Lieutenant Colonel M. M. Granger, and Major Charles M. Cornyn, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio; Captain G. W. Hoge, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio; Capts. C. K. Prentiss and J. J. Bradshaw, Sixth Maryland; Major Charles Burgess, Ninth New York Heavy Artillery, and others, displayed great bravery, skill, and energy in the discharge of their important duties. Colonel M. R. McClennan, One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania, remained upon the field at Opequon gallantly doing his duty until from exhaustion he was obliged to go to the rear. He was weak and still suffering from a recent illness. One or two officers only are known to deserve censure and punishment for their inefficiency and

