
bad conduct. First Lieutenant John A. Gump, acting assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant J. T. Rorer, brigade inspector; Captain J. P. Dudrow, Lieutenant Charles H. Kuhn, and Lieutenant R. W. Wiley, acting aided-de-camp on my staff, were conspicuous for bravery and good conduct. Their promptness in the delivery of orders, and skill and good judgment in carrying them out, entitle them to the highest praise.

The already great length of this report forbids my making special mention of acts of distinguished bravery by members of my staff. Captain Dudrow and Lieutenants Gump and Rorer each had one horse shot and Lieutenant Wiley had two horses shot under him while in the discharge of their duty. Orderly Lewis B. Paul, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio, was wounded and had his horse killed under him while carrying the brigade flag in the battle of Opequon. Orderly Lewis H. Shreeve, Sixth Maryland, also had his horse shot under him. Orderly Richard Netz, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio, and those just named were coold and gallant.

My orders were throughout received from Brigadier General J. B. Ricketts, commanding division, and through members of his staff. To General Ricketts and each member of his staff I beg to acknowledge my gratitude and obligations for their kind courtesy and uniform generous treatment.

Regimental reports of operations and a nominal list of casualties* are herewith transmitted.

I am, captain, very truly, your obedient and humble servant,

J. WARREN KEIFER,

Colonel 110th Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain ANDREW J. SMITH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Sixth Army Corps.

No. 61. Report of Colonel William H. Ball, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations October 19.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADIER, THIRD DIV., SIXTH ARMY CORPS,October 20, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor of making the following report of the part taken by the Second Brigade, Third Division, Sixth Army Corps, in the battle of Cedar Creek, October 19, 1864:

The troops were aroused at dawn of day by musketry to our left. Shortly after the lines were of med the command of the brigade devolved upon myself, in consequence of changes resulting from the absence of General Sheridan. The brigade was formed in two lines-the first composed of the Ninth New York Heavy Artillery, One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania, and a portion of the Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania; the second embraced the Sixth Maryland, One hundred and twenty-sixth, One hundred and twenty-second, and One hundred and tenth Ohio; the regiments occupied positions from right to left as named. Before sunrise I received orders to move by the right flank toward the pike. After moving a short distance in that direction orders were received to return to the position from which we had just moved and await orders. Shortly thereafter I was ordered to move in

---------------

*Casualties embodied in tables, pp. 113, 121.

---------------

