
the road and remained until about 2 p. m. of the 21st, when our division moved in two columns toward the left of the enemy's line, when my regiment was detached from the brigade for the purpose of supporting a portion of the skirmish line of the Second Division, which had been broken and driven back in great confusion. I was successful in driving the enemy to a line of works he had constructed or rails. At dusk, on receiving orders from he assistant adjutant-general of Third Division, Sixth Army Corps, drove him from his works. In this charge my men acted with great gallantry, and the enemy was so entirely surprised that he offered but feeble resistance, though I have reason to believe he was in considerable numbers. In this action I lost seven enlisted men wounded.

At 12 m. the 22nd my regiment was withdrawn from the skirmish line and joined the brigade and division as they moved off to the enemy's extreme left, where the division formed in two lines (Second Brigade in front) and moved on, driving their skirmish line before us for three-quarters of mile, when my regiment was detailed to go on the skirmish line; formed a connection on my left with the Second Division and on the right with troops of our division, commanded by Major Spangler, of One hundred and tenth Ohio Volunteers. In this movement I was ordered to halt. This position I held until good position, where I was ordered to halt. This position I held until about 6 p. m., when the Second Division, on my left, and the Third Division, Sixth Army Corps, on my right, charged the enemy and drove them in confusion. At this time I received orders, by Lieutenant R. W. Wiley, from Colonel Keifer to form my regiment in the rear of Major Spangler's and await orders. Up to 5 a. m. 23rd neither Major Spangler nor myself having received orders, and supposing they had been sent but failed to reach us (as has since proved to the case), we marched via the Staunton pike and overtook our brigade at Woodstock, and after receiving four day's rations we marched to one mile south of Edenburg, where we arrived and at 4 p. m. went into camp. At 5 a. m. September 24 marched for New Market, three miles beyond which we went into camp for the night. Most of this day our cavalry were skirmishing with the enemy. Marched at 6 a. m. September 25 on the left of the road; arrived at Harrisonburg at 4 p. m. the same day. Our division went into position in two lines on the east side of the town, where we are at present encamped.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

CLIFTON K. PRENTISS,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

No. 63. Report of Major Joseph C. Hill, Sixth Maryland Infantry, of operations October 19.
HDQRS. SIXTH REGIMENT MARYLAND VOLUNTEERS,November 4, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit to you a detailed report of the operations of this command in the recent engagement at Cedar Creek, on the 19th of October, 1864.

