
Before daybreak the command was aroused by heavy firing on our left, and without awaiting orders the command was soon under arms. It soon became evident that the enemy had surprised and completely rounded the troops on our left. Orders came for us to fall in immediately, which order was promptly obeyed. We moved off by the right flank and formed line of battle on the hill in rear of our camp and advanced across the run, accompanied by the One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Volunteers. We began ascending the hill, but soon found that the troops on our right had been flanked and were falling back, which also compelled us to fall back across the run, which we did in good order, under a heavy fire from the enemy, to the point where our line first advanced from. Here we halted. The enemy still advancing, we were again compelled to fall back some 400 yards. In doing so two guns of Captain McKnight's battery were abandoned and fell into the hands of the enemy. We again advanced and retook the abandoned guns. The whole line then fell back opposite Middletown and there formed line, my command being on the left of the brigade. We then moved to the left, and after being in line a short time we fell still farther back, again moving by the right flank, and formed line one mile east of Middletown, connecting with he Second Division, Sixth Army Corps, on our left, where we remained until the order was given to advance, about 3 p. m., when the whole line advanced and drove the enemy from the field, my command following to Cedar Creek. Here we received orders to reoccupy our old camp for the night.

The command went into the engagement in the morning with 9 officers and 150 men, and sustained a loss during the day of 4 officers wounded, 8 enlisted men killed, 37 enlisted men wounded, and 1 enlisted man wounded and missing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. HILL,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain JOHN J. BRADSHAW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

No. 64. Report of Major Charles Burgess, Ninth New York Heavy Artillery, of operations September 19.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH NEW YORK ARTILLERY,September 27, 10864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that this regiment took an active part in the engagement on the Opequon Creek on the 19th instant, with the loss of 2 officers wounded, 6 enlisted men killed, 306 wounded, and none missing, the nominal list of the same being inclosed.* I have the honor further to report that the regiment took no part in the engagements on Fisher's Hill, having been detailed as a guard at the hospital.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. BURGESS,

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant JOHN A. GUMP,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, Third Div., Sixth Corps.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

