
the right oblique nearly a mile, when our brigade joined the Second Division on our left. We then faced to the front and the whole line advanced, taking position about one mile and a quarter north of Middletown. There we threw together a breast-work of rails, which we occupied from 10.30 a. m. till 3.30 p. m., when the whole line was ordered to advance through a piece of woods, which we did in good order, the One hundred and twenty-second Ohio being on our left. When we were nearly through the wood and about to emerge into an open field on our right a heavy fire of musketry and shell was poured into us and caused our whole line to wayer. At first a portion of our left fell back, but they were soon rallied,a nd pushed forward and drove the rebels about three-quarters of a mile, until they, taking position behind a stone wall, disputed our advance for more than an hour. A portion of my command, having gained a stone wall running perpendicular to the wall behind which the enemy was posted, delivered an enfilading fire, which threw them into confusion and finally into a perfect rout. Their officers tried in vain to rally them, while my men, cheered with the prospect of victory, pressed on after the retreating foe, driving them down through the ravine on the north side of the pike, and halted not till our colors were planted first upon the parapet of the rifle-pits in front of the Nineteenth Corps.

Mention of individual brave would seem superfluous, for both officers and men did their duty, with one exception, Lieutenant Weston E. Allen, Company F, who, having claimed to have been wounded int he early part of the engagement, left his company and went to Winchester, where he was found two days after, not having reported to any surgeon nor having any appearance of a wound upon his person.

Some 400 men, recruits, who were never under fire before-in fact, never had arms in their hands only from Harper's Ferry to this place-fought splendidly and behaved like veterans.

It is due to the memory of Lieutenant Orrin B. Carpenter, Company D, who was killed in the early part of the engagement, to say that although suffering long from fever, and but just able to walk, and having been repeatedly urged for weeks before to go to hospital, invariably requested to remain with his company, and when the battle commenced was found in line with his men. He was shot through the heart by a rebel sharpshooter while doing his duty, and now fills a patriot's grave. Peace be to his ashes.

Lieutenant Oldswager, Company M, but just promoted from the ranks three days before, was killed by a cannon ball when we advanced upon the crest. He was a noble and brave officer, and never flinched from duty.

Captain Howard was instantly killed by a cannon ball, the last shot that was fired from the rebel guns as we made the last advance near the Middletown and Strasburg pike, and when victory had crowned our efforts. He died as all brave soldiers die, with his face toward the enemy, and will long be remembered as one of American's bravest sons.

The corrected list of killed and wounded is as follows: Killed-officers, 3; enlisted men, 40; total, 43. Wounded-officers, 5; enlisted men, 160; total, 165.

I have the honor, sir, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. SNYDER,

Major, Commanding Ninth New York Artillery.

Captain BRADSHAW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

17 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

