
No. 66. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Otho H. Binkley, One hundred and tenth Ohio Infantry, of operations September 19-22 and October 19.
HEADQUARTERS 110TH OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Camp in the Field, Va., September 27, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to orders from headquarters Second Brigade, Third Division, Sixth Army Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and tenth Regiment in the engagements of the Opequon and Fisher's Hill.

On the 19th of September, at 2 a. m., by command of Colonel J. Warren Keifer, commanding Second Brigade, the One hundred and tenth Regiment, under my command, broke camp at Clifton, and, with the balance of the brigade, marched toward Winchester. After crossing the Opequon and arriving within two miles and a half of the latter place lines of battle were formed, the One hundred and tenth being the extreme right of the second line of the Second Brigade and connecting on its left with the One Hundred and twenty-second Ohio Regiment. About two hours after we had formed the Nineteenth Corps came up and formed on prolongation on our right. About 12 m. the order was given to advance. We charged the enemy's lines, driving them back until, by some means, the connection on our right was broken, and we, in turn, were compelled to fall back a short distance. At this juncture the First Division, which had been held in reserve, came up to our support. We then, by direction of Colonel Keifer, took a position under fire a little farther to the left, when I threw out a strong skirmish line, under command of Captain Shellenberger, sufficient to cover the whole front of the brigade. Skirmishing was kept up for about two hours, when we were informed by General Sheridan, who came the enemy's left. We then charged with the balance of the line, completely routing the enemy. My skirmishers passed through Winchester, driving the enemy before them and then rejoined the regiment on Winchester Heights, with the loss of only one man wounded. After dark we marched through Winchester and rested for the night near the city. In this engagement Captains Van Eaton and Trimble and Lieutenants Simes and Deeter were severely wounded; the latter has since died of his wounds; also 7 enlisted men killed and 43 wounded.

On the morning of the 20th we resumed our march and arrived near Strasburg, a distance of eighteen miles, in the afternoon, and found the enemy in strong position on Fisher's Hill. In the afternoon of the 21st the regiment, with the balance of the brigade, took a position about three miles to the night of Strasburg and during the night threw up breast-works. On the 22nd, at about 12 m., the left wing of the regiment, under command of Major Spangler, was placed on the skirmish line. Skirmishing was kept up until about 2 o'clock, when the line made a charge and took the hill in front, which they held until evening, when a grand charge was made and the enemy driven at every point. They ran in wild confusion, leaving everything behind them, and were followed all night.

Both officers and men behaved well, some of them performing deeds of valor seldom excelled. Lieutenant Robert W. Wiley, of Company B, acting aide-de-camp to the colonel commanding, with William Wise and Elias A. Barr, of Company I, and O. A. Ashbrook, of Company I,

