
One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, captured one captain and twenty men at one time. The regiment captured four pieces of artillery.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. H. BINKLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel 110th Ohio Volunteers.

Lieutenant JOHN A. GUMP,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 6th Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS 110TH OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Camp at Cedar Creek, Va., November 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders I have the honor to report the following part taken by the One hundred and tenth Regiment in the battle of Cedar Creek:

Just before daylight on the 19th of October firing was heard along our picket-lines. By order of Colonel Keifer, the One hundred and tenth Regiment, with the balance of the brigade, was immediately put under arms and awaited orders. In about an hour's time it was discovered that the enemy had succeeded in turning the left of the Eighth Corps, having taken it by surprise, and that the whole line, together with that of the Nineteenth Corps, was rapidly giving way. The Sixth Corps was ordered up to check the advancing foe, the Second Brigade forming the extreme right of the brigade. We advanced to a stone wall, near corps headquarters, where we were met by a severe fire from the front and from the left flank. The destructiveness of the fire and the falling back of the broken lines in our front caused us to ball back a short distance and become temporarily detached from the brigade. The enemy continued to advance and the regiment, with others, fell back slowly, making frequent stands in order to check his advance as much as possible, until we reached a point where a decisive stand could be made. We continued to move back in this manner for about a mile, when we rejoined the brigade and with it moved back to where the final stand was made. At about 3 p. m. the One hundred and tenth Regiment and a detachment of the Ohe hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Regiment, under my command, were deployed as skirmishers and advanced toward the edge of the woods, in which the Third Division was then lying. About 5 o'clock I received orders to advancing at the same time. After advancing about 400 yards the whole of both lines halted. Rapid firing was kept up for some time, when we again advanced across a corn-field, where the lines again halted and continued firing until the enemy gave way along the whole line. The One hundred and tenth, with the balance of the troops, followed the retreating and demoralized foe until we reached our old camp from which we had been driven in the morning.

In the operations of the day the regiment lost 5 enlisted men killed and 27 wounded.

During the early part of the engagement Captain W. Devenney, while nobly discharging his duty, fell mortally wounded. Captain Shellenberger was slightly wounded late in the day.

Both officers and men behaved with marked coolness and bravery during the whole engagement. One of the enemy's battle-flags fell into

