
force in front was to detain us until cut off, and every regiment having disappeared from the front and left, I ordered the regiment to retire to an elevation behind the ravine. With other troops, the regiment again advanced to line from which we had retired, and there remained under fire of sharpshooters an hour or two; then advanced with the line (there being but one line) toward Winchester, and assisted in dispersing the rebel army on the plain north of Winchester; then moved with the division to the heights of Winchester; thence to the town southward to bivouac.

On the 20th marched to position near Strasburg. On the 21st moved with the corps to the right, and occupied a position between Fisher's Hill and the mountain, where we entrenched. On the 22nd, at noon, marched by the right flank half a mile, then to the front to hill near the rebel line. The left wing of the regiment was detached for the skirmish line under Lieutenant-Colonel Granger. Three additional detachments were sent to the skirmish line, embracing all the remaining line officers and enlisted men of my regiment. Skirmishing was sharp during the advance. When the rebel left was turned by General Crook, the regiment charged, with the brigade, upon the breast-works in our front; assisted in routing the enemy and chasing him till dark.

My officers and men conducted themselves splendidly on both the 19th and 22nd. I beg leave to name Sergt. Daniel Shook, of Company G, as having exhibited distinguishing energy and courage in both engagements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. BALL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant GUMP,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 6th Army Corps.

No. 68. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Moses M. Granger, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Infantry, of operations October 19.
HEADQUARTERS 122ND OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,November 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the operations of this regiment in the battle of Cedar Creek, on the 19th of October, 1864:

I was aroused at daybreak on that morning by the sound of heavy musketry on the extreme left of the army, and at once ordered the regiment under arms; formed line, stacked arms, caused the men to pack their tents and knapsacks, and sent the regimental pack animals to the rear and the headquarters tents, &amp;c., to the brigade wagons. By the time this was done Colonel Ball, who had succeeded to the command of the brigade, moved his command by the right flank several hundred yards in the direction of Middletown, and them, by order, returned to camp. By this time the enemy had succeeded in driving the portion of our forces engaged to the west side of the turnpike, and bullets began to fall on our ground, and but a few moments had passed when we were again marched by the right flank toward Middletown. When just beyond Sixth Corps headquarters the brigade halted and faced to the right, bringing the rear rank in front, the Ohe hundred and twenty-

