
without my imagining he would leave the field, but he almost immediately, without my observing it, left his company and proceeded to Winchester. Before his leave expired and order honorably discharging him from the service on tender of his resignation was received, and I am unable to notice his conduct of the 19th ultimo save in this manner. With this exception, my officers and much the greater part of my men, both volunteers and drafted, behaved with gallantry, and well deserve their share of the thanks given by the President and the country for the glorious victory of that day.

I regret that I must the death on the field of First Lieutenant Thomas Kilburn, a most faithful officer, and the dangerous wounding of Second Lieutenant Edward R. Hilliard. Major Cornyn and Lieutenants Power and Blondin were struck, but continued on duty.

The casualties of the regiment, as corrected to date, are: Killed and died of wounds-officers, 1; men, 3; total 4. Wounded-officers, 4; men, 31; total, 35. Missing-men, 6. Aggregate, 45.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,]

MOSES M. GRANGER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. J. BRADSHAW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Permit me to refer to two incidents, each of interest to my regiment. Private Leander McClurg, Company F, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry, was one of the first to cross the stone fence, where the enemy had attempted to check our advance, and captured a flag which a wounded rebel told him was the flag of the Forty-fourth (rebel) Virginian Regiment. McClurg continued to advance, bearing the color, but it was forced from him by an officer of our service whose name and regiment I have been unable to learn, the officer using threats and taking advantage of his rank. The colors of the One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Regiment were the first, except those of the Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, planted on the works thrown up by the Nineteenth Corps, and which had been captured by the enemy in the morning.

Again, your obedient servant,

MOSES M. GRANGER,

Lieutenant Colonel 122nd Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Comdg. Regiment.

No. 69. Reports of Captain George W. Hoge, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Infantry, of operations September 19-22 and October 19.
HEADQUARTERS 126TH OHIO VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, September 26, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with direction of this date from the headquarters of the brigade, I have respectfully to report the operations of my command at the late engagements at the Opequon and Fisher's Hill, as follows, to wit:

The regiment entered into the battle of the 19th instant forming the extreme left of the first line of battle of the brigade. It advanced with the line over the open fields, charging upon that part of the enemy's line in the ravine, a few rods east of -'s house, driving it in much

