
confusion and taking many prisoners. The advance was continued to a point a few rods beyond the house (the left of the regiment passing just to the right of it), where the line halted; after which it continued in the line and participated in the final and victorious advance in the evening. Lieutenant Colonel A. W. Ebright, in the early part of the action soon after the rebel line was broken, fell, killed by a musket-ball piercing his breast while gallantly leading his regiment; also Captain Thomas J. Hyatt, ever conspicuous for his valor on the field, and Lieutenant Rufus Ricksecker, bravely leading his company in his first battle, were killed near where the colonel fell. The strength of the regiment engaged was 11 officers and about 270 enlisted men (30 of whom were skirmishers). The loss, 3 officers and 9 enlisted men killed, and 3 officers and 37 men wounded, and 2 men missing.

On the 21st instant, in the vicinity of Fisher's Hill, in the movement of the corps toward the right, under an order from the colonel commanding the brigade, I moved the regiment rapidly forward to aid our skirmishers to drive back those of the enemy who were strongly posted behind rail defenses. On advancing through a wood the right of the line was suddenly met by a galling fire from the front and right, when a portion of the men (many of them inexperienced soldiers) commenced firing, upon which the line halted. The right of the line, resting on open ground, being much exposed and suffering terribly without the ability to inflict much loss on the enemy, temporarily gave way, but was easily rallied a short distance to the rear, and soon after, other troops coming up and extending the line to the right, we again advanced and the enemy was driven from his position. The loss in this affair was 4 enlisted men killed and 17 wounded.

On the 22nd instant the regiment formed the extreme left of the line of battle of the brigade in the advance of the division to the position it occupied near the enemy's works at the time his left was turned. Soon after the attack by General Cook's command was begun, that portion of the enemy in our front having commenced moving to the relief of that part of his forces engaged, to prevent the object I took forward a part of the regiment, by order of the colonel commanding the brigade,a nd made feint of charging his works. This feint had the desired effect, for the rebels were soon seen hurriedly returning, some into their works, but more rushing panic-stricken to the rear. Soon after the regiment moved forward in the grand charge made by the division and did its part in winning the glorious victory of that day. The loss was 1 officer slightly wounded and 2 enlisted men killed and 8 wounded.

In these actions the officers and men behaved well, and the drafted men (some fifty of whom had joined the regiment as late as the 2nd instant) vied with the old soldiers in deeds of valor, and deserve great credit for the manner in which they acquitted themselves.

The command of the regiment devolved upon me on the death of Colonel Ebright.

Accompanying this report, as directed, I forward a nominal list* of the casualties occurring in the foregoing engagement. The loss of so many brave men is deeply to be regretted.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. HOGE,

Captain, 126th Ohio Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant JOHN A. GUMP,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, Third Div., Sixth Corps.

---------------

*Embodied in tables, pp. 113, 121.

---------------

