HEADQUARTERS 126TH OHIO VOLUNTEERS,November 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to instructions received from headquarters of the brigade, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the engagement of October 19 at this place:

At about daylight, the Eighth and Nineteenth Corps having been attacked by the enemy, the regiment, less two commissioned officers and 100 men then on picket duty, was ordered under arms at once, and after some maneuvering in changing and recharging the line was ordered to advance. Under this order we crossed the creek near our present camp, and having advanced but a few yards beyond it, were ordered to fall back to the crest we had previously occupied. In this crossing and recrossing the stream, the regiment was thrown into considerable confusion, and order could not be restored until after passing the crest in our rear. Here the regiment engaged the advancing columns of the enemy, whose progress was sensibly checked at this point until the gradual falling back of our line to the point where a permanent stand was made by the corps. From this place the regiment moved with the brigade and division to the left and into the woods, resting about an hour, then moved in line of battle to the rear a short distance, then to the left, and again to the front. Having advanced in line a short distance, a line was established and strengthened by logs, rails, &amp;c., behind which we lay until about 3.30 o'clock, when the line was ordered to advance upon the enemy. In this advance the regiment formed the extreme right of the brigade and was increased by the officers and about twenty men of the picket guard. After considerable resistance, the enemy suddenly and unaccountably gave way and retreated precipitately and in confusion over the ground they had gained by our temporary reverse, and were followed by our line in as quick time as possible to the works occupied by the Eighth Corps in the morning. It being now dark, we returned to the position we occupied at the commencement of the battle, and having collected the dead and wounded, friend and foe, in our vicinity, went quietly into camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. HOGE,

Captain, 126th Ohio Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. J. BRADSHAW,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 6th A. C.

Statement of casualties in the regiment in the engagement of October 19, 1864:

Killed-enlisted men, 4. Wounded-officers, 1; enlisted men, 14. Missing-enlisted men, 4. Aggregate, 23.

No. 70. Reports of Lieutenant John F. Young, Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations September 19-22 and October 19.
HDQRS. SIXTY-SEVENTH REGT. PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,September 27, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with orders, dated headquarters Second Brigade, Third Division, Sixth Army Corps, September 26, 1864, call-

