
remained at this point under the fire of the enemy's sharpshooters until about 6 p. m. A charge was then made upon the enemy, who fled in great confusion from their works. In a fort on the line of the enemy's works, which the regiment was among the first to reach, was captured a cannon, and a little farther on some twelve or fifteen prisoners, including a colonel. The pursuit was continued with the great vigor until night, which closed the contest, found the colors of the regiment planted on the turnpike leading from Winchester to Staunton. The regiment lost but seven men wounded during this day's engagement.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. YOUNG,

First Lieutenant and Adjt., Comdg. 67th Regiment Pennsylvania Vols.

Lieutenant JOHN A. GUMP,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 6th Army Corps.
HDQRS. SIXTY-SEVENTH REGT. PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,November 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following, in compliance with circular dated headquarters Second Brigade, Third Division, Sixth Army Corps, November -, 1864, calling for a report of the part taken by my command in the battle of Cedar Creek, Va., on the

19th day of October, 1864:

The regiment on that day was encamped on ridge near Cedar Creek, Va., and connected with the One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers on the right and a regiment of the Nineteenth Army Corps of the left. About daylight a heavy discharge of musketry was heard in the direction of that part of the line held by the Eighth Army Corps-the left. The regiment was immediately placed under arms. Orders to that effect were received soon after, and were followed by orders to pack up, the firing in the meantime continuing, only much nearer than when first heard and farther to the rear on the left flank of our lines. A dense fog prevailed, which lasted from daylight until about 10 a. m., rendering it impossible to see farther than a couple of hundred yards. About 6 a. m. the regiment, in pursuance of orders, moved by the right flank, following the One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers several hundred yards in the direction from which the firing proceeded, when it was ordered to right-about and return double quick to the ground originally occupied. This order had hardly been complied with when orders were again received to move in the same direction, as on the occasion first mentioned. After reaching a point several hundred yards in the rear of the house occupied by General Sheridan as his headquarters line of battle was formed, with the One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers on the right. It may be mentioned here that but little over one-half the regiment was present, a picket detail of 100 men, with the proper number of officers, having been taken from it the day before, which had not yet been relieved. At this time the enemy was advancing in our front and on the left flank. The line of battle just alluded to had scarcely been formed when the troops immediately in front fell back through our ranks in considerable confusion, closely followed by the enemy. The regiment, however, maintained its line, though not without losing some men, who were carried back with the crowd which kept pouring to the

