
rear, and shortly afterward, about 9 a. m., made an advance of about 200 yards beyond a ditch, from which it drove the enemy, capturing fourteen prisoners. It remained at this point about twenty minutes, when, finding itself unsupported either on the right of left, and that the enemy was rapidly turning the left flank of the army, it was obliged to fall back. From this time until the line was reformed on a road about a mile in the rear of where it was originally formed the regiment fell back slowly, rallying and firing as often as an attempt by any part of the line was made to do so. The ground over which it fought was undulating in its character and entirely free from timber. It was about 12 m. when the line was reformed as just mentioned. The regiment joined the --- Ohio on the right and the Sixth Maryland Volunteers on the left. Following the Sixth Maryland, it moved by the left flank about half a mile in the direction of the Winchester turnpike, when it halted remained at this point about half an hour, when the whole brigade moved about three-quarters of a mile to the rear and took up another position. But a few minutes elapsed until the brigade was again in motion, and, moving by the left flank, it proceeded to a run within 200 or 300 yards of the Winchester turnpike. Line was then formed and an advance made of about one mile. At this point, where the line halted, breast works of logs and rails were hastily constructed, after which the troops enjoyed a rest of about two hours. About 3 p. m. a general advance began. By this time a large portion of the picket detail mentioned above had succeeded, after much difficulty, in joining the regiment. In the advance which then unused half a mile, perhaps, had been passed over when the line was met by a heavy fire of musketry from the enemy, who was posted behind a breast-work of rails on the edge of the woods through which we were advancing. The fire was returned with great spirit, and the line was still moving forward when some troops on the left of the brigade (belonging, I believe, to the Eighth Army Corps) gave way in confusion, which led to the belief that our line was flanked, and caused it to fall back to the breast-works advance renewed; the enemy was driven from the position which he held, and the line took up a position behind a stone fence a short distance beyond. Here a halt of about half an hour occurred, during which time a brisk fire was kept up, which, as was subsequently discovered, inflicted upon the enemy a severe loss. At the expiration of the time named the line again moved forward, charging and driving the enemy in confusion from every position he attempted to hold, until it reached the works which the Nineteenth Army Corps had been compelled to abandon in the morning. The regiment in this advance kept to the right of Middletown until it had passed that place about 300 yards, when it crossed over to left side of the turnpike. Before reaching the ground occupied by our troops in the morning it recrossed the pike, and as the cavalry had already taken up the pursuit of the flying enemy and night was at hand, it planted its colors on the breast-works last above named in advance of all others, and awaited orders. The loss of the regiment in this day's battle was 3 killed, 26 wounded, and 1 missing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. YOUNG,

First Lieutenant and Adjt., Comdg. Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Vols.

Captain J. T. RORER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 6th Army Corps.

