
No. 72. Report of Colonel Charles H. Tompkins, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade, of operations September 19-22.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SIXTH ARMY CORPS,September 27, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the engagements at the Opequon and at Fisher's Hill:

As soon as the lines were established, First New York Independent Battery, First Lieutenant W. H. Johnston commanding, was placed in position on the right of the pike, near the right of the corps line, and Fifth Maine, Captain G. T. Stevens, on the left of First New York Battery; M, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Captain James McKnight, and C, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, First Leiut. J. H. Lamb commanding, were sent across the ravine and placed in position-M, Fifth United States, on extreme left of corps line, and C, First Rhode Island, in corn-field, a short distance to the right of M, Fifth United States. In this position, on the first advance of the lines, these four batteries opened fire on the enemy's batteries and infantry. As the lines were advanced these batteries were ordered forward, the two on the left directly to the front, while First New York Independent and Fifth Maine went on the right of the pike some 600 yards to the front and took position, the First New York to fire directly to the front and the Fifth Maine to fire to the right, to silence a battery of the enemy in front of the Nineteenth Army Corps. When the Nineteenth Army Corps was repulsed and the enemy had passed the right flank of the First New York I ordered its withdrawal to the ridge, about 100 yards in rear and on the left of the Fifth Maine. To the front and right of this position the enemy was checked, the Fifth Maine enfilading his line with canister, and finally was driven to the cover of the woods. A, Massachusetts Artillery, Captain W. H. McCartney, and G, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, Captain G. W. Adams, were then placed in position on left of pike opposite First New York and Fifth Maine. From this position of the batteries the enemy's infantry received a heavy fire from the 12-pounder batteries, while the rifled guns were turned on his batteries in the direction on Winchester. At the time the line was advanced, at 4 p. m., Fifth Maine, First New York, A, Massachusetts,need G, First Rhode Island, were moved up the pike. A, Massachusetts, was placed in position on left of pike and engaged a battery of the enemy at 800 yards, and with G, First Rhode Island, drove it from the position, which enabled it to enfilade the lines of the Second Division. In this the enemy's battery lost two limbers broken, eight horses killed, and several men. At this time First New York was put in battery on right of G, First Rhode Island, and all opened on the enemy's infantry and then on his battery as soon as it developed its second position. The Fifth Maine was them moved up the pike with the infantry to the left of brick house between First and Third Brigades, Second Division, and opened, firing at the enemy's lines in front of and to the right of Winchester. As the lines advanced A, Massachusetts, took position on left of the brick house, left of the pike, on ground just left by the enemy, and there opened fire to the left of Winchester; G, First Rhode Island, was sent to the line of First Division on right of pike. The enemy still falling rapidly behind Winchester, the remaining batteries were brought up. A, Massachusetts Artillery, G and C, First Rhode Island Artillery, were again advanced

