
and opening on the enemy's battery on the crest beyond Winchester, on the Strasburg pike, drove it from its position; the rest of the batteries were held in reserve. This was the last position of the batteries, and near it the brigade went into camp for the night.

I cannot speak in two high terms of the conduct of the officers and men of the command. Particular mention should be made of Captain G. T. Stevens, commanding Fifth Maine Battery, and of First Lieutenant W. H. Johnson, commanding First New York Independent Battery, for the gallant manner in which they handled their batteries when charged on by the enemy, at which time Lieutenant Johnson was severely wounded. Captain W. H. McCartney, commanding A, Massachusetts Artillery, worked his battery, as usual, magnificently.

I have the honor to submit the following as the statement of loss in wounded and killed, expenditure of ammunition, and loss in horses and material: Wounded, First Lieutenant W. H. Johnson, commanding First New York Independent, and 16 enlisted men; expenditure, 2,508 rounds of ammunition of all kinds; wheel, broken by shot, 1 (Fifth Maine); sponge staves, 2; axle, 1 (C, First Rhode Island).

In the engagement at Fisher's Hill, on the 21st, A, Massachusetts Artillery, Captain W. H. McCartney, was placed in position in front of First Division to operate on the enemy's line, and expended fifty-five rounds of ammunition.

On the 22nd, early in the morning, G, First Rhode Island Artillery, Captain G. W. Adams, was placed on the line near the right of Second Division, and opened on the enemy and covered the advance of the Third Division. When the Third Division moved out, the First New York and Fifth Maine occupied their works. At 1 p. m., from the left of first Division line, A, Massachusetts Artillery, engaged a battery of the enemy with good effect. Later in the afternoon A, Massachusetts Artillery, from an advanced position, again engaged the enemy's batteries in front of First Division; and when the lines advanced, G, First Rhode Island, C, First Rhode Island, and First New York were advanced to the front of the works, and shelled the enemy in their works, and engaged the enemy in front and to the left. At 4 p. m. a section of C, First Rhode Island, was sent to the center of the line, and opened fire from that position.

I have the honor to submit the following statement of losses and expenditures 21st and 22nd instant: Wounded, 1 enlisted man; expenditure, 761 rounds of ammunition.

Recapitulation: Wounded-First Lieutenant W. H. Johnson, First New York Independent Battery (19th); enlisted men, 16 on 19th, 1 on 22nd; total, 17. Horses killed, 8; wheel, broken by shot, 1; sponge staves, 2; axle, 1; ammunition of all kinds, 3,269 rounds.

To the following-named officers of my staff I am expressly indebted for valuable assistance, and would respectfully recommend them to the major-general commanding for promotion for gallant and meritorious conduct in both engagements: First Lieutenant E. N. Whittier, acting assistant adjutant-general, Fifth Maine Battery; First Lieutenant J. K. Bucklyn, acting aide-de-camp, First Rhode Island Light Artillery.

I have the honor to transmit herewith the reports of the several battery commanders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. TOMPKINS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major C. A. WHITTIER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixth Army Corps.

