
No. 73. Report of Captain Greenleaf T. Stevens, Fifth Maine Battery, of operations September 19 and 22.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH BATTERY MAINE VOLUNTEERS,Near Harrisonburg, Va., September 26, 1864.

Report of the part performed by the Fifth Battery Maine Volunteers at the battle of Winchester, September 19, and the battle of Strasburg, September 22, 1864:

On the 19th the battery was first ordered into position near the right of the First Division, Sixth Corps, one section being placed on the right, the other on the left of the Berryville and Winchester pike. When our lines advanced the battery opened with solid shot, expending twelve or fifteen rounds. The battery was then moved to the front some 400 yards, and went into position on the right of the pike. At this point the battery was the most hotly-engaged for the day, playing mostly upon the enemy's infantry in front of the left of the Nineteenth Corps. The next, or third position, was some 300 yards in front of the last mentioned. From this position the battery was moved by direction of Colonel C. H. Tomplins up the pike toward Winchester, some 1,000 or 1,200 yards, and went into position on the right of the pike near a brick house. The next position where the battery was engaged was on the plain, within 1,200 or 1,400 yards of Winchester. More ammunition was expended in the second position than all the rest combined. The losses and expenditures were as follows: Wounded, men, 6. Ammunition-shot, 283; shell, 66; case, 220; canister, 39; total, 608. Material-wheel, 1; handspike, 1; worm and staff, 1.

At Strasburg, September 22, the battery was in position, but not engaged, there being no position near where the light 12-pounder gun could be effectually used. On the evening of the 22nd the battery took from the battle-field 3 guns of the enemy, 2 limbers, 4 horses, 4 sets of harness, together with 30 rounds of ammunition. Most respectfully submitted.

G. T. STEVENS,

Captain, Commanding Fifth Battery Maine Volunteers.

Lieutenant E. N. WHITTIER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Sixth Corps.

No. 74. Report of Captain William H. McCartney, First Massachusetts Battery, of operations September 19-22.

CAMP BATTERY A, MASSACHUSETTS ARTILLERY,

Near Harrisonburg, Va., September 26, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this battery during the late movement from camp near Berryville to this place:

On the morning of the 19th of September this battery moved to a position about three miles from Winchester, near the Opequon Creek, in support of the First Division of this corps, where it was engaged for a short time. During the day the battery changed position four

18 R R-VOL XLIII, PT I

