
times, following up the infantry line as it advanced, being engaged considerable in each position, the last position being on the left and south of Winchester. Nothing of particular note occurred during the day's engagement, except at the time of the advance, at about 4 p. m., of the Second Division of this corps. As that division advanced a smooth-bore battery of the enemy opened an enfilading fire on the left flank of the division, doing considerable damage. this battery then took a position on the left of the turnpike leading into Winchester, at about 800 yards from the enemy's battery. This battery had been engaged in this last-mentioned position but a few minutes, and had expended about seventy-five rounds of solid shot, when the enemy withdrew his battery to a crest farther to his rear. The next morning it was ascertained that the enemy's battery lost, in the position where this battery engaged it, two limbers "smashed up," eight horses, and several men. This battery suffered no loss of men during the engagement of the 19th instant, and but two horses, and expended 262 rounds of ammunition, as follows: solid shot, 102; shell, 10; case-shot, 150. On the 20th instant the battery marched to Strasburg, and was not engaged during that day. On the 21st instant this battery was put in position on the right of this corps; operated principally on the enemy's skirmish line, expending 57 rounds of ammunition, as follows: solid shot, 25; case-shot, 32; and suffered no loss of men or horses.

On the 22nd this battery was in position twice; the first time at about 1 o'clock, when it took a position on the left of the First Division this corps, and was engaged with a battery of the enemy' it was supposed with success, as the enemy's battery ceased firing while this battery was operating on it. In the afternoon, at the time of the general advance of our lines, this battery took a position in rear of Second Division of this corps, on a crest, from which was obtained an enfilading fire on a rifle-pit and battery of the enemy. I am informed that this battery did good service in this last-mentioned position. The battery lost during the engagement of the 22nd instant-one sergeant, T. F. Longley, wounded, in the forehead by a fragment of case-shot; no horses; and expended 188 rounds of ammunition, as follows: solid shot, 82; case-shot, 85; shell, 21; and have not been engaged since.

I am, sir, with respect,

W. H. McCARTNEY,

Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant E. N. WHITTIER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Sixth Corps.

No. 75. Reports of Lieutenant Orsamus R. Van Etten, First New York Battery, of operations September 19-October 19.

CAMP FIRST NEW YORK INDEPENDENT BATTERY,

October 18, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the First New York Independent Battery left camp September 19 at 2 a. m., under command of Lieutenant W. H. Johnson; marched toward Winchester at 7 a. m.; halted in a ravine for an hour; was then ordered into position about one mile from the enemy. We were shelled pretty sharply for about an hour, and we shelled the enemy in return as well as we could. About 9 a. m. the

