
infantry advanced, and we advanced with them some 1,200 yards; came into position within close range of the enemy under a sharp fire. While coming into position Lieutenant Johnson was shot through the leg, and I took command of the battery. I held the battery in this position as long as the infantry held their line in my front,a nd when they fell back I fell back with them, drawing the pieces by hand until the rise of ground was some protection to us, then limbered up. Moved to the rear some 200 yards, and took position on the rise of ground just in rear of the infantry line, my horses being sheltered somewhat by this rise of ground. There I did as much destruction to the advancing enemy as I could with the pieces, on e having been disabled by the breaking of an axle from the recoil of the gun, and had been sent to the rear. The successful charge being made, we enjoyed an hours' rest' was then ordered to be ready to follow up another attack that was soon to be made. As the troops advanced we moved forward to the same position we had fallen back from. Did not fire any from this point, as I was afraid of firing on our own men. Was soon ordered to move up the pike toward Winchester about 1,200 yards; came in position under a heavy fire; I replied as well as I could; was ordered to continue firing at this point until the enemy ceased firing; them moved on toward Winchester. We halted one mile from town, and about dark were ordered into park for the night, half a mile from town, having had 6 men wounded, 2 horses killed and 2 wounded, and expended 585 rounds of fixed ammunition-195 percussion, 260 case, 120 time.

September 20, moved at 5 a. m. toward Strasburg, fifteen miles, and camped. September 21, ordered to be harnessed at 5 a. m.; unharnessed at 7 a. m. September 22, ordered to be harnessed at daylight; moved at 6 a. m. two miles; halted two hours; then moved on a little farther and went into position;p fired five shots from this point, then moved still nearer the enemy and opened fire. After holding this position a short time I moved out and took position on the right of all the Sixth Corps batteries. From this point I fired by sections; did not receive much shelling in return. Night closed the scene, having expended 105 rounds fixed ammunition-46 percussion, 41 case, 18 time. No men or horses killed or wounded. I waited one hour for orders, then moved all night toward Woodstock. At 4 a. m. halted one hour, them moved through Woodstock and halted for breakfast; fed and drew rations, after which we moved on some four miles and parked for the night. September 24, orders to move at 6. Moved through Mount Jackson and halted until 1 p. m., when I was ordered to follow the skirmish line in advance. I pushed on as fast as possible until near New Market, when I turned to the right to take a position 250 yards from the pike, firing a few rounds at the retreating enemy. I was then ordered to report to Captain Taft, of the Nineteenth Corps, with one section, and we followed on after the enemy from one rise of ground to another, coming in position four times and firing a few shot each time. The other section moved along the pike until the last position, then joined the section engaged and came in position with it. Night brought an end to our advance, having followed the enemy some eight miles. I then rejoined the Sixth Corps and camped for the night, having expended 180 rounds fixed ammunition-60 percussion, 68 case, and 52 time-and losing 2 horses. September 25, got orders at 6 a. m. to move at once; moved to near Harrisonburg and camped. September 26 and 27, no move. September 28, orders to move at 5 a. m.; move to Mount Crawford, some ten miles, and camp. September 30, orders at 12 m. to be ready to move; move back to Harrisonburg and take our old camp.

