
October 1, no movement. October 2, orders at 3 p. m. to harness; at 8 p. m. to unharness; received 315 rounds fixed ammunition. October 4 and 5, no orders. October 6, ordered to move at 5.30 a. m.; moved beyond New Market and camped for the night. October 7, order to move at 7 a. m.; moved to Woodstock and camped. October 8, orders to move at 7.30 a. m.; move to Strasburg and camp. October 9, ordered to be harnessed at daylight; move through Strasburg at 12 m. and camp. October 10, get orders at 7 a. m. to move at once; report to General Wheaton, First division; move through Middletown, and bear to the right, and camp near Front Royal for the night. October 11, at 12 m. get orders to report to General Bidwell; cross the river and camp near the town; broke a trail plate while crossing. October 12, do not move; have the trail mended. October 13, got orders during the night to move at 4 a. m.; join the corps at 6 a. m.; then move toward Winchester some five miles; then bear to the right, pass through Millwoood about one mile, when we were ordered to turn around and camp near Millwood. October 14, got orders at 2 a. m. to move at once; march to Newtown and breakfast and feed, thence through Middletown and camped. Since then we have been in the same camp, having harnessed two morning at daylight.

I am, sir, your very obedient servant,

O. R. VAN ETTEN,

First Lieutenant, Comdg. First New York Independent Battery.

[Lieutenant E. N. WHITTIER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Sixth Corps.]

CAMP FIRST NEW YORK INDEPENDENT BATTERY,

October 22, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I was awakened the morning of the 19th of October, 1864, by musketry; was soon ordered to harness; waited for orders; soon sent my forge, battery wagons, and baggage wagons to the rear; sent the caissons back as soon as I thought best. About five minutes after was ordered in position about 200 yards from camp; had scarcely got in position before I was ordered back to the next rise of ground, as the infantry were falling back. Just got limbered when the infantry rallied and I unlimbered and commenced firing as rapidly as possible. I held this position until the infantry fell back, then fall back with them, having one pieced disabled with a broken axle; another in such a condition as to have to be drawn by hand, pole being broken from fall of horses. My loss at this point was 1 officer and 6 men killed, 16 wounded, and 10 horses killed. I moved to the rear about one mile, and got one section in fighting order as soon as I could and sent it back to the front. Before I reached a position was ordered back to get the battery together. Not knowing where my caissons had gone, I left the pieces in charge of Lieutenant Hiser and went to find them. After riding some time found them nearer the front than I expected. I took horses enough to move the pieces, and about the time I reached the pieces I was ordered to get the battery near the pike all together in park. I soon got the pieces ready for action and moved along the pike to within one mile of Middletown, and waited for orders about two hours. Was them ordered forward and to the right; went in position 1,400 yards from Middletown. I fired from this point until our men advanced, them was ordered forward; moved to the top

