
of the crest from Cedar Creek; was then ordered back to the camp we had left in the morning, having expended 55 time-shell, 45 case-shot, 39 percussion-shell, 15 combination; 1 officer and 5 men killed and 17 wounded; 12 horses killed and 6 disabled.

I am, sir, your very obedient servant,

O. R. VAN ETTEN,

Firts Lieutenant, Comdg. First New York Independent Battery.

Lieutenant E. N. WHITTIER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Sixth Corps.

No. 76. Report of Lieutenant Jacob H. Lamb, Battery C, First Rhode Light Artillery, of operations September 19 and 22.
HDQRS. BATTERY C, 1ST RHODE ISLAND LIGHT ARTILLERY,September 26, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of my command in the recent engagement at the Opequon and Fisher's Hill.

September 19, went into position at 10.30 a. m., and commenced firing at the enemy's batteries 1,200 yards distance, the enemy being driven from position. We followed them up and went into position three separate times, and firing each time. We ceased firing at 4 p. m. The casualties are as follows: Wounded-Sergt. Thomas Buckley, slightly in the breast; Corpl. N. W. Lawtn, severely in both legs; Private Adilard Sodoin, severely in arm; Private George Barley, slightly in hand. Three horses killed; 1 axle-tree broke; 1 sponge stave destroyed. Fired 378 rounds.

September 22, at fisher's Hill, went into position at 2.30 p. m., and commenced firing on the enemy's batteries, which were shelling our advancing infantry. At 4 p. m. the right section, under command of Lieutenant Rich, was withdrawn and sent to the center of the line, under command of General Getty, commanding Second Division, Sixth Corps. Fired during the day 196 rounds of ammunition, and lost one tube pouch. No casualties to report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. LAMB,

First Lieutenant, First Rhode Island Light Arty., Comdg. Battery C.

Lieutenant E. N. WHITTIER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 77. Report of Captain George W. Adams, Battery G, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, of operations September 19-24.

CAMP OF BATTERY G, FIRST RHODE ISLAND LIGHT ARTY.,

September 26, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that at the battles of the Opequon and Fisher's Hill my battery was engaged; also during the forward movement of the 24th instant I engaged the enemy. I have the honor to report, ammunition expended, 680 rounds; loss in horses, 1.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. ADAMS,

Captain, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, Comdg. Company G.

First Lieutenant E. N. WHITTIER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Sixth Corps.

