
form line of battle on the edge of the woods, but he could not restrain his men, and passing through the wood occupied by the enemy drove him from behind a ledge of rocks, which was equal to a natural fortification, killing, I believe, at this time, many of the enemy, and among them one of his most conspicuous generals, while in the act of posting a battery. Sharpe's brigade, on Birge's left, at this moment was equally successful, and the center of the enemy's line was broken. At this moment, the troops on our left having fallen back, and at the same time a battery having opened on our right, taking Birge, and Sharpe in reverse, I was compelled to leave, deployed to the right, the First Division, which I had held in reserve, and with which I had intended to follow up this attack to prevent a flank movement and to endeavor to capture the battery that had opened on my right. Sharpe, and every regimental commander but one in his brigade, having been shot down, and Birge's brigade being outnumbered and outflanked, the last-named brigade was necessarily forced to retire, which it did in some confusion to their original position, then occupied on the right by the First Division, and subsequently on the left by Colonel Molineux, Second Brigade, Second Division. Sharpe's brigade, now commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Neafie, after falling back a short distance, handsomely rallied and gallantly recharged the enemy, retaining from that time its position, and joining in the final advance of the whole line. The enemy, quick to perceive their advantage, rallied in considerable force and charged my left flank, where there was an open space of nearly a quarter of a mile between my own and the Sixth Army Corps; at the same time my right was charged by a heavy columns. A slim strip of wood projected from the center of my line for 200 or 300 yards into the open field. Here, with the assistance of the brave and gallant Colonel Day, I rallied the One hundred and thirty-first New York. The enemy, intent upon charging a section of Bradbury's (First Maine) battery, were allowed to pass until we could nearly see their backs, when the One hundred and thirty-first New York, assisted by the stragglers that had been collected from other regiments, poured a fire into the enemy which made him oblique to the right and falter. At this moment other regiments rallied and rushed into the open field upon the enemy, who were driven pell-mell back to their own woods. The First Brigade, First Division, repelled handsomely the attack on my right. I now felt sure that they would make no more impression upon my center, opposite which the enemy's troops were massed, for I had ordered the open space there of nearly 500 yards to be filled with a part of the Second Brigade, First Division, and my attention was devoted to the right, where the enemy made two successive charges on the One hundred and fourteenth, One hundred and sixteenth, One hundred and thirty-third, and One hundred and sixtieth New York Regiments, of the First Division, but were gallantly repulsed. After the Second Division was rallied and brought into line, although the enemy had a battery enfilading us from the right and two or three direct fires, my whole line stood firm, and the enemy were repulsed at every point. I now for the first time felt in position to extend my right flank and charge the battery, which, with ordinary enterprise, should have been silenced by the skirmishers ont he right, but I was notified before this that the Army of West Virginia was moving up on my right flank. About 3 p. m. a division of that corps came up on my right. Not being able to see the corps commander, I requested Colonel Thoburn, commanding division, to take the place of the One hundred and fourteenth, One hundred and sixteenth, One hundred and fifty-third, and One hundred and sixtieth New York

