
About 11.30 I received an intimation from the general commanding to press the enemy, to mask an attack on their left. The enemy had a line of rifle-pits, extending from the river to our right and about 400 yards in front of us, strongly barricaded and strongly manned. Under the fire of a battery of artillery I moved two pieces of artillery forward and to the left unseen by the enemy, and ordered them to enfilade the rifle-pits and shell them vigorously for twenty minutes, at the end of which time, which was 12.15 p. m., the One hundred and twenty-eighth New York, supported by the One hundred and seventy-sixth New York, of the Second Division, and the one hundred and sixteenth New York and a part of the Thirtieth Massachusetts, of the First Division, deployed out of sight of the enemy as skirmishers,a nd were ordered to rush upon the rifle-pits and seize them. The shelling of the artillery was perfect and the charge of the infantry made in fine style, and the pits were carried, with but little loss. Immediately two other regiments were thrown forward, with spade and pick, to reverse the enemy's lines. One or two attempts were made by the enemy to drive them away,k but they were repulsed by the brave regiments just noted, and in a short time we had a continuous line of rifle-pits within 500 yards of the enemy's lines (on the left), which defied his artillery. Between this line and the enemy's line on my front it was impassable, except but he narrow pike, which was commanded by the enemy's artillery and rifle-pits. I heard nothing from the right until near 4 o'clock in the afternoon, when the cannonade there announced to me that the attack was commenced, and at the same time I received an order from the general commanding to press the enemy all I could. I was at that time my left near the first line. I ordered them forward and immediately ordered up in person my second line, which I had ordered to remain where it was until they received orders from me. The Third Brigade, commanded by Colonel Macauley, Eleventh Indiana, followed by Molineux's brigade, pressed forward as well as the nature of the ground would permit. The skirmishers of the Third Brigade managed to get into the work, however, nearly at the same time with the troops moving on the level ground on our right, and the company of the One hundred and seventy-sixth New York, under Captain Entwistle, captured four pieces of artillery. The mass of my column were compelled to move tot he left and take to the pike, owing to the impassable nature of the ground. Without halting a moment, the whole force was immediately ordered in pursuit, the Nineteenth Corps leading, and Brigadier-General Gover, commanding Second Division, leading the head of the column of the Nineteenth corps. Night had now come on and it was intensely dark. After marching about five miles we reached a creek, commanded on the opposite side by a high bank and a dense woods, where the enemy opened on us with artillery and infantry. This necessarily produced some confusion, and some of the troops in the rear fired upon our skirmishers; but two lines were immediately formed across the road, one by General Grover, who I had intrusted with the advance, and one by myself, and skirmishers were forme don the right and left of the column as well as the rugged nature of the ground would permit. The advance was then resumed with a loss of but twenty men, and we reached Woodstock about 3 a. m., where the column was halted, and the cavalry took up the pursuit.

A considerable number of prisoners were picked up from time to time and sent to the rear. It is proper to say, both in regard to this battle and Winchester, that the artillery and small-arms captured by us were left upon the ground where they were taken, and I have no

