
doubt passed into the hands of those who remained behind. My corps was moved forward immediately after each battle. Our loss in the battle was only 99 killed and wounded.

W. H. EMORY,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel C. KINGSBURY, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Middle Military Division.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cedar Creek, Va., October 25, 1864.

SIR: I have to honor to present the following report of the part taken by my command in the battle fought near Middletown, Va., on the 19th of October, 1864:

On the evening of the 18th I received orders to send a division to the front on the following morning as soon as it should be light enough to distinguish objects, and make a reconnaissance of the enemy's position. I selected the Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, for this duty, and gave General Grover directions to move at early dawn. At that hour, on the morning of the 19th, not only the Second Division but my whole command was under arms, in accordance with a standing order from these headquarters. My staff was up and saddled, and I was in the act of saddling, when I heard firing to the left in the direction of General Crook's camp, followed by prolonged cheers, as if the enemy were making an assault. By the time I reached my advanced line the musketry had become very heavy, and seemed to be coming down the pike against my front as well as approaching rapidly from the extreme left of the army. The fog was so dense that it was impossible to see the position of the enemy or the direction of his advance; but, guided by the firing, I ordered the Second Brigade, First Division, to cross the pike and occupy a wooded ridge in order to support General Crook. This was done in the most gallant style under my own eye. Immediately afterward both General Wright and General Crook joined me, and the former directed me to send two more brigades across the pike. By this time we could see the troops on the left of my corps in full retreat; indeed, I had observed stragglers from them going to the rear while I rode to the front. I believed that it was too late to execute General Wright's order, for the ground occupied by the Sixth Corps on my left both commanded my position and took it in reverse; but I nevertheless hurried forward the two required brigades. The Second Brigade, First Division, soon became fiercely engaged and checked the progress of the enemy until the troops on its left were pushed back by overwhelming masses, when it was flanked and forced from its position. Believing still that we should be supported by our reserves in time to hold the camps I gave Colonel Macauley orders to stand fast, and directed Colonel Molineux, Second Brigade, Second Division, to put his men on the reverse side of his rifle-pits. General McMillan, commanding the First Division, promptly placed his First Brigade in the same position, and with excellent judgment, as it was now evident that the enemy's force was coming in upon our left and rear in overwhelming numbers.

Even here it was impossible to make a permanent stand in consequence of the steady flanking movement effected by the enemy's powerful right.

