
Captain Wilkinson, judge-advocate, both of whom I have so often had occasion to commend for distinguished courage, were wounded, the former slightly, the latter seriously.

Inclosed is a topographical sketch which will illustrate what I have written above.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel C. KINGSBURY, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Middle Military Division.

No. 80. Report of Captain Elijah D. Taft, Fifth New York Battery, Chief of Artillery, of operations September 19-22.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,

Near Harrisonburg, Va., September 26, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the two batteries in reserve, viz, Seventeenth Indiana and D, First Island Artillery:

About 10 a. m. on the 19th instant, in compliance with orders from Major-General Emory, I directed Captain Miner, Seventeenth Indiana Battery, to place one section of his battery in position on the left of the Nineteenth Army Corps, and open fire on the enemy in front, which was done with apparent good effect. Battery D, First Rhode Island Artillery, by my direction, took position in a skirt of woods on the right of the Nineteenth Army Corps, and immediately opened fire on one of the enemy's batteries, then enfilading our lines on the right, when the enemy opened fire from two guns int he wood with canister, about 200 yards distant and in rear of our line of infantry. The battery soon silenced these two guns, and then renewed the fire on the battery enfilading our line, silencing it for a short period, but the infantry falling back for want of ammunition rendered the position unsafe for artillery. The battery had whilst in this position, although under a severe fire front and left oblique, been gallantly fought. The support having retired, and the battery having lost four men and six horses and one wheel broken, I ordered it to withdraw, which was done in good order. This closed the operations of these batteries for the day.

On the 20th marched to near Strasburg. On the 21st Battery D, First Rhode Island, took position to the left and rear of the town of Strasburg, and opened fire on the enemy on the left of the pike, with good effect, firing a barn near which he enemy had troops and a battle-flag. One section of the Seventeenth Indiana Battery, in compliance with my instructions, took position south of the town near the brick church and opened fire on the enemy, causing them to change the position of some of their troops and trains. On the morning of the 22nd Battery D, First Rhode Island Artillery, took position on the line of the Second Division in front of a skirt of woods and opened fire on the enemy, and after the hill in front of their position had been occupied by the troops of the Second Division, Lieutenant Grant moved forward with one

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

