
along a line of fence, which was nearly on a line with the edge of this wood, and at the same time parallel with what appeared to be the enemy's line. A moment later I gave this order personally to Brevet Brigadier-General Beal, who had ridden up. The line of the First Brigade, thus indicated and immediately formed in compliance with these orders, maintained its line during the battle. If once or twice some aport of it, under the severe fire of the enemy, dropped back from the fence, it immediately resumed its position there under the direction of its officers. It was after I had sent back to hasten the First Brigade to the formation of this line that an aide-de-camp of the brevet major-general commanding the corps rode up to me and exclaimed that "the running away of the Second Division must be stopped." A moment or two later the brevet major-general commanding the crops rode up and said to me, "You must form your line in the edge of this woods," and both of them went off to the left where their presence was greatly required, for the whole line of the Second division was shaken, that portion in front of me flying in panic. As it would take some moments for the First Brigade to get into line, and as every moment at this time was important, I rode forward, accompanied by a portion of my staff, into the open ground and endeavored to rally the troops of the Second Division, who were flying in so much disorder. It was a hopeless tacks. Although I had about me at one time as many as three stand of colors belonging to regiments of the Second Division, and though there were near me many officers of high rank (two or three of them colonels), they could not be brought to rally their men, and soon went to the rear with them. Among the troops and officers thus going to the rear I recognized many belonging to the First and Fourth Brigades of the Second Division, and, therefore, from both of the lines of that division.

It was amid such confusion as this, with these runaways breaking through the ranks of its regiments, that the line of the First Brigade of this division was formed. But it was well and completely formed, and in time to meet the enemy, whose line could now be plainly seen issuing from the wood and moving out onto the open ground. The extent of this line of the enemy was plainly visible and was distinctly marched by their battle-flags. While the line of the First Brigade was forming I had sent my aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Payne, to find General McMillan, commanding the Second Brigade, to urge him forward, for the single line of the First Brigade was the only infantry force now on the right of the whole army to resist the advance of that force of the enemy that had just driven from the field the two lines of the Second Division. When the fire of the First Brigade stopped the advance of the enemy, I was still more anxious for the arrival of the Second Brigade, that it might be thrown upon the left flank of the enemy's line, which was plainly to be seen. As time slipped away, it became evident that the First Brigade would not be driven from its line, the volume and steadiness of its first fire having convinced the enemy that a strong force was still in their front. The Second Brigade of this division still failed to appear from the direction in which I looked for it, and as I was unable to account for its detention, I left my acting assistant adjutant-general on the line of the First Brigade and went to look for the Second Brigade myself. I found three regiments of this brigade as soon as I entered the main wood, moving through the woods far to the left and somewhat to the rear of the First Brigade. These regiments were surrounded by fugitives from the Second Division and by broken portions of regiments from that division. I ordered the regi-

19 R R-VOL XLIII, PT I

