
the infantry. Every hour brings me additional information of the demoralization of Early's army. Reports late this evening say that he is moving toward Charlottesville; other reports are that he is going to Waynesborough. The part that I expected the cavalry to accomplish at Fisher's Hill was a complete failure. I have relieved Averell from his command. Instead of following the enemy when he was broken at went into camp, and let me pursue the enemy for a distance of fifteen miles with infantry during the night. Early burned quite a number of wagons on his way up the Valley. He also abandoned two caissons on the Keezletown road not far from this place.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

Lieutenant-General GRANT.

HARRISONBURG, VA., September 26, 1864 - 7 p. m.

(Received October 1.)

GENERAL: I see a paragraph going the rounds of the papers that the Nineteenth Army Corps was late in coming into the fight at Winchester. I was entirely unconscious of this until I saw it in the papers. This statement was made by R. L. Shelley. I wish to say that it is incorrect, and that this correspondent was arrested by my order on a previous occasion for writing untruthful accounts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant-General GRANT.

HARRISONBURG, September 29, 1864 - 7.30 p. m.

(Received October 2.)

In my last dispatch I informed you that I pressed Early so closely through New Market, at the same time sending cavalry around his flank, that he gave up the Valley and took to the mountains, passing through Brown's Gap. I kept up the pursuit to Port Republic, destroying 75 wagons and 4 caissons. I sent General Torbert, who overtook me at Harrisonburg, to Staunton with Wilson's division of cavalry and one brigade of Merritt's. Torbert entered Staunton on the 26th, and destroyed a large quantity of rebel Government property-harness, saddles, small-arms, hard bread, flour, repair shops, &amp;c. He then proceeded to Waynesborough, destroying the iron bridge over the South Branch of the Shenandoah, seven miles of track, the depot buildings, Government Tanery, and a large amount of leather, flour, and stores, &c., at that place. He found the tunnel defended by infantry, and retired via Staunton, destroying, according to your original instructions to me. This morning I sent around Merritt's and Custer's division, via Piedmont, to burn grain, &c., pursuant to your instructions. My impression is that most of the troops which Early had left passed through the mountains to Charlottesville. Kershaw's division came to his assistance, and, I think, passed along the west base of the mountains to Waynesborough. The advance of my infantry is at Mount Crawford, eight miles south of Harrisonburg. I will go on and clean out the Valley. I am getting twenty-five to forty prisoners

