
of General Crook's command in line. I regret to state that the force of skirmishers on the right of the command failed to advance as far from the right of our line as was expected and as would have made them most efficient, and also failed so to follow the movement of the division as to become thoroughly engaged with the enemy. The orders given to this line were obeyed, but not with the enterprise and spirit which should have characterized the obedience. The most important consequence of this failure was that it enabled the enemy to post two guns on our right flank, which enfiladed much of the ground occupied by the division. Activity, dash, and vigor int he management of this large force of skirmishers would probably of itself have driven these guns away or led to their capture. But one attempt was made to use the battery of artillery attached to this division on this ground, and that without effect. The battery-the Fifth New York Independent Battery, commanded by Lieutenant John V. Grant-did good service during a portion of the day under the direction of Captain Taft, chief of artillery on the staff of the brevet major-general commanding the corps. On the command of General Crook arriving in line, and when that command should relieve the First Brigade of this division, I was directed by the brevet major-general commanding the corps to remove the troops on the right of the line and to unite my division on what had been the left of the corps line, preparatory to an advance. As General Crook immediately advanced and outflanked the enemy my division could not be united in its new position in time to take part in that advance. I am glad to say, however, that the two regiments of the Second Brigade on the left of the line did participate in that advance and rendered valuable service. Under the brave colonel of the Eighth Vermont Volunteers, that regiment and the Twelfth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers advanced against the enemy at the sight of the general advance of our lines. Colonel Peck, of the Twelfth Connecticut Volunteers, a most gallant gentleman, had been previously borne from the field mortally wounded.

The division was soon united and moved rapidly forward, and while it was in motion I was personally ordered by the brevet major-general commanding the corps, who at this time was near a battery which he had just posted, to take up a position on the extreme left of the army. The brevet major-general commanding the corps at the same time stated to me that he had directed the Second Brigade to move forward to this line, and ordered me to give like directions to the First Brigade. On the way to the left of the lines I was met by the major-general commanding the army, who directed me to report with the division to Major-General Wright, at the same time saing, "or general Getty; he will put you in," and sending with me an aide-de-camp, who conducted me to General Getty. That officer immediately indicated to me the position of his left, General Bidwell's brigade, and directed that my right should connect therewith. General Getty had scarcely given this order when I met Major-General Wright, who directed me to form the division in two lines, and to put it in in prolongation to the left of the lines of the Sixth Corps. These dispositions had just been completed when the brevet major-general commanding the corps came up and directed me to move the division to a stone wall, a few hundred yards in advance of and parallel with the lines then occupied. Here the division remained until dusk, when it was again moved forward to the brink of a small stream, where it went into bivouac for the night on the left of the Second Division.

