
Eighth Vermont, was distinguished by his bravery and activity in services mentioned in this report; Lieutenant-Colonel Van Petten, of the One hundred and sixtieth New York Volunteers, for his gallant conduct in relieving the One hundred and fourteenth New York Volunteers, and in remaining in the saddle throughout the day, though severely wounded; Colonel Edwin P. Davis, for his able and gallant conduct in charge of the regiments of the First Brigade on the line of the fence above referred to. In the death of Colonel Peck, of the Twelfth Connecticut Volunteers, and of Major Knowlton, of the Twenty-ninth Maine Volunteers, the division lost two of its most gallant and efficient regimental commanders.

I wish to express my acknowledgments to the gentlemen of my staff for their activity, gallantry, and zeal throughout the day. Captain John G. Leefe, of the One hudred and sixty second New York Volunteers, my acting assistant adjutant-general, was particularly efficient on the exposed line of the First Brigade. Captain Charles W. Underhill, One hudred and fourteenth New York Volunteers, acting judge-advocate on my staff, rendered essential service in the posting of the distinguished regiment to which he belongs.

On the 20th the division moved in pursuit of the enemy in its designated position in the march, halting near Strasburg. On the 21st the division was moved onto a line of hills opposite to Fisher's Hill, which later was the position of the enemy. During the evening of the 21st and the early morning of the 22nd the lines of the army were moved to the right, and this division, in obedience to orders, kept its position in the movement, and on the forenoon of the 22nd entrenched itself, as directed. In obedience to an order from the brevet major-general commanding the corps, a regiment of this division, the One hundred and sixtieth New York Volunteers, together with four companies of the Thirtieth Massachusetts Volunteers, and joined by the skirmish line of the division, charged and gallantly carried a line of the enemy's rifle-pits in front of fisher's Hill. This was done in the afternoon. Shortly after the captured line was strengthened and the First Brigade of this division was ordered to occupy that line. This was hardly accomplished, when, on an order from the brevet major-general commanding the corps, the First Brigade was ordered to charge forward and the Second Brigade to advance to the captured rifle-pits. The First Brigade charged under a considerable fire of the enemy's artillery, when a general advance of the division was ordered in conjunction with army, the enemy flying in the wildest confusion. The division was immediately ordered on in pursuit, without reference to the position of other troops. In thus pressing beyond Fisher's Hill it passed over the artillery of the enemy, which had been firing on the charge of the First Brigade, but without taking note of it. Night did not put an end to the pursuit, which was continued to Woodstock, a position reached long before day. During this pursuit, and while portions of this division were advancing in company with portions of the Second Division, the enemy, posted beyond a small stream, opened upon our column, which was not very well organized. In the darkness this produced some confusion and wild firing from troops in rear of the advance. As I was with out skirmishers at the time, in company with several members of my staff, the necessity of some order in dislodging the enemy was apparent to me, and I reported to General Grover, my senior, and by his direction put my command in order. General Grover dislodged

