
until I saw the Second Division in motion, changing its position. This division had been the second line to my old position; it was now moving to become the second line of my new position. I thought I had exercised every care and taken every precaution-if I had the order to execute over again I do not think it could be done with more attention or better success.

I have thus minutely stated the facts with regard to all the points to which my attention has been called by the brevet major-general commanding. I have tried to make the statement as simple as possible. I meant in my original report to devote myself to a plain and not too minute statement of what I believe to be the facts. Nothing was further from my intention or desire than to throw a stone, or to draw a discreditable inference, or to utter a word success was enough to rejoice over. I reported everything essential to an understanding of the part taken by my division in the actions-military ethics, truth, and justice required that of me; I believe I have done no more.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

WILLIAM DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Sub-inclosure No. 1.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Strasburg, Va., October 9, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM DWIGHT,

Commanding First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps:

SIR: In obedience to instructions, I have the honor to report that on Monday, 19th of September, 1864, during the engagement near Winchester, I observed the right of the second line of the Second Division, formed by the Fourth Brigade of that division, to break suddenly toward the rear. This part of the line (being all of it that I could see) had previously advanced in good order through a wood, in rear of which the line of battle of First Division had been formed, across an open plain, at a double-quick, and into the skirt of a wood on the other side of this plain. The troops of the Fourth Brigade, Second Division, had scarcely untired the wood last mentioned when they broke to the rear (followed by troops of the First Brigade, Second Division) with every sign of confusion and terror, huddling together, and running in great disorder through the line of the First Brigade, First Division, which was being formed with a view to arrest their flight and to stay the advance of the enemy, at this time plainly visible. As the officers of the troops in flight, however, as far as I could discover, did not make any attempt whatever to rally their men, it was, of course, next to useless to suppose that they would form about their colors of their own accord. I made three endeavors to rally men about as many stand of regimental colors, calling on fugitive officers who were near by for assistance, but unsuccessfully. At this moment I was ordered to the right of our line, and when I returned the troops forming the right of the second line of the Second Division had disappeared from that vicinity, and with them all signs of disorder. I noticed many officers running to the rear, many of them field officers, as was apparent from their respective badges of rank worn by them. They did not make any effort to arrest their men. The names of these officers and the numbers of the regiments to which they belong are unknown to me.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. G. LEEFE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

