
[Sub Inclosure No. 2.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, October 9, 1864.

Captain J. G. LEEFE, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

In compliance with your request of this a. m., I have the honor to make the following report:

During the engagement of the 19th of September, near Winchester, I was present in the point of woods when the First Brigade, First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, deployed column to cover the retreat of that portion of the lines of the Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, which was in our immediate front. As soon as the line of the First Brigade, First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, was firmly established I gave my attention to the rallying of the troops who were falling back, hoping to form a line of battle in rear of the First Brigade, First Division. In this I was unsuccessful, owing to the fact that so many officers of that command failed to make a decided attempt to reform their men. I saw several field officers pass out of sight to the rear, whose rank should have compelled them to reform their men immediately on passing the line of the First Brigade, First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps. As it was, the small squads of men who reformed their lines kept falling back until the whole command that had broken back through our line passes out of sight to the rear. I cannot say how far to the rear their lines were finally established. I saw a stand of colors that had been abandoned by some regiment on the right of the Second Division brought off the field by an officer of the corps staff.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. UNDERHILL,

Captain, 114th New York Volunteers and Judge-Advocate.

[Sub-inclosure No. 3.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,October 9, 1864.

Captain J. G. LEEFE, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

In compliance with the request of the brigadier-general commanding, I have the honor to report that on the 19th of September, at the battle of Winchester, I saw collect about the colors of a regiment, just in the rear outskirts of the belt of woods where the command first formed, sixty or seventy men, with several line and two field officers; that on inquiry of one of the field officers, the major, I ascertained they were of the Twelfth Maine. I expostulated with him for being so far from the front, and with his command in such disorder. He pointed to the lieutenant-colonel, saying, "I am not the commanding officer; there he is," or words to that effect. I then urged the lieutenant-colonel to form his men and take them to the front. He said he was only waiting for more men to come in, but did not do anything. In about halt an hour after I again saw the same collection; the lieutenant-colonel was then trying to form his men; this was about 2 p. m. My attention was first called to this regiment by Lieutenant Phinney, acting aide-de-camp, he knowing me to be provost-marshal. Previous to that time I had seen and endeavored to rally a great many men and officers, whom I did not recognize, far in ear of the belt of woods above referred to.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. POLLARD,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.

