
daily, who come in form the mountains on each side and deliver themselves up. From the most reliable accounts, Early's army was completely broken up and is dispirited. It will be exceedingly difficult for me to carry the infantry column over the mountains and strike at the Central road. I cannot accumulate sufficient stores to do so, and think it best to take some position near Front Royal, and operate with the cavalry and infantry. I will, however, stay here for a few days. Kershaw had not reached Richmond, but was somewhere in the vicinity or Gordonsville, when he received orders to rejoin Early. The destruction of the grain and forage from here to Staunton will be a terrible blow to them. All the grain, forage, &amp;c., in the vicinity of Staunton was retained for the use of Early's army; all in the lower part of the Valley was shipped to Richmond for the use of Lee's army. The country from here to Staunton was abundantly supplied with forage and grain, &c.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

Lieutenant-General GRANT.

WOODSTOCK, October 7, 1864 - 9 p. m.

(Received 9th.)

I have the honor to report my command at this point to-night. I commenced moving back from Port Republic, Mount Crawford, Bridgewater, and harrisonburg yesterday morning. The grain and forage in advance of these points up to Staunton had previously been destroyed. In moving back to this point the whole country from the Blue Ridge to the North Mountains has been made untenable for a rebel army. I have destroyed over 2,000 barns filled with wheat, hay, and farming implements; over seventy mills filled with flour and wheat; have driven in front of the army over 4,[000] head of stock, and have killed and issued to the troops not less than 3,000 sheep. this destruction embraces the Luray Valley and Little Forst Valley, as well as the main valley. A large number of horses have been obtained, a proper estimate of which I cannot now make. Lieutenant John R. Meigh, my engineer officer, was murdered beyond Harrisonburg, near Dayton. For this atrocious act all the houses within an area of five miles were burned. Since I came into the Valley, from Harper's Ferry up to Harrisonburg, every train, every small party, and every small party, and every straggler has been bushwhacked by people, many of whom have protection papers from commanders who have been hitherto in this valley. From the vicinity of Harrisonburg over 400 wagon-loads of refugees have been sent back to Martinsburg; most of these people were Dunkers and had been conscripted. The people here are getting sick of the war; heretofore they have had no reason to complain, because they have been living in great abundance. I have not been followed by the enemy up to this point, with the exception of a small force of rebel cavalry that showed themselves some distance behind my rear guard to-day. A party of 100 of the Eighth Shenandoah, near Mount Jackson, was attacked by McNeill, with seventeen men; report they were asleep, and the whole party dispersed or captured. I think that they will all turn up; I learn that fifty-six of them have reached Winchester. McNeill was mortally wounded and fell into our hands. This was fortunate, as he was the most daring and dangerous of al the bushwhackers in this section of the

