
[Sub-inclosure No. 4.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Strasburg, Va., October 9, 1864.

Captain J. G. LEEFE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In compliance with the request of the brigadier-general commanding, I have the honor to report that on the 19th of September, at the battle of Winchester, I was sent to the rear between the hours of 1 and 2 p. m. by the brigadier-general commanding, and that in passing out of the woods in the vicinity of where corps headquarters flag had been left I came upon a collection of nearly 100 men, with regimental colors, among whom I recognized Major Hastings, of the Twelfth Maine. Upon directing him to march with his men to the front,m he appeared to be much embarrassed, but directed me to the lieutenant-colonel, who, he informed me, was in command of the regiment. I found this officer still farther in the rear. When I inquired why he was not at the front, and directed him to form his men and march there, he made a few weak endeavors to do it, but without effect. He seemed to me to be entirely indifferent about going to the front. I very soon after this called the attention of Doctor Brownell, medical director of the Nineteenth Army Corps; Captain Sibley, commissary of subsistence, Nineteenth Army Corps; Captain Inwood, provost-marshal, Nineteenth Army Corps, and Captain Pollard, provost-marshal, First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, to this regiment.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. PHINNEY,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,October 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General DWIGHT,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The attention of the general commanding has been called to the following statement in your report of the engagements of the 19th and 22nd of September:

It was a hopeless task. Although I had about me at one time as many as three stand of colors belonging to regiments of the Second Division, and though there were near me many officers of high rank (two or three of them colonels), they could not be brought to rally their men, and soon went to the rear with them.

The general commanding directs me to say that it is unjust to our comrades to be commanded by such miscreants, and directs that you forward their names as soon as practicable.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DUNCAN S. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Charges and specifications against Brigadier General William Dwight, U. S. Volunteers.

CHARGE 1ST.- Conduct unbecoming an officer and a gentleman.

Specification 1st.- In this: That Brigadier General William Dwight, commanding the First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, did, in an official

