
Which statement is knowingly and willfully false and slanderous and incorrect. This at or near the headquarters of the First Division, Nineteenth Corps, in the latter part of September, 1864.

Specification 6th.-In this: That Brigadier General William Dwight, commanding the First Division, Nineteenth Corps, did, in an official report made upon the part taken by said First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, in the battles of the 19th and 22nd of September, 1864, near Winchester and Fisher's Hill, Va., state in words as follows, viz:

As time slipped away, it became evident that the First Brigade would not be driven from the line, &amp;c.

Which statement is false and incorrect with regard to the said First Brigade and the particular time referred to. This at the headquarters First Division, Nineteenth Corps, in the latter part of September, 1864.

Specification 7th.-In this: That Brigadier General William Dwight, commanding the First Division, Nineteenth Corps, did, in an official report made upon the part taken by said First Division, Nineteenth Corps, in the battles of the 19th and 22nd of September, 1864, near Winchester and Fisher's Hill, Va., state in words as follows, viz:

Two of the regiments, viz, the Eighth Vermont and the Twelfth Connecticut Volunteers, were soon sent forward to the front, nearly on the left of the line of the corps, the condition of the Second Division having rended this distribution of force necessary, &c.

Which statement is false and incorrect. This at or near the headquarters First Division, Nineteenth Corps, in the letter part of September, 1864.

Specification 8th.-In this: That Brigadier General William Dwight, U. S. Volunteers, commanding the First Division, Nineteenth Corps, did, in an official report made upon the part taken by said First Division, Nineteenth Army Coprs, in the battles of the 19th and 22nd of September, 1864, near Winchester and Fisher's Hill, Va., state when referring, at a certain time, to the position of the troops of the First Division, in words as follows, viz:

Two regiments of the Second Brigade on the left of the line of the corps.

Which statement of position at that time is false and incorrect. This at or near headquarters First Division, Nineteenth Corps, in the latter part of September, 1864.

Specification 9th.-In this: That Brigadier General William Dwight, U. S. Volunteers, commanding the First Division, Nineteenth Corps, did, in an official report made upon the part taken by said First Division, Nineteenth Corps, in the battles of the 19th and 22nd of September, 1864, near Winchester and Fisther's Hill, Va., state in words as follows, viz:

I was directed by the brevet major-general commanding the corps to remove the troops on the right of the line and to unite my division on what had been the left of the corps line, preparatory to an advance.

Which statement is face and incorrect. This at or near headquarters First Division, Nineteenth Corps, in the latter part of September, 1864.

Specification 10th.-In this: That Brigadier General William Dwight, U. S. Volunteers, commanding First Division, Nineteenth Corps, did, in an official report made upon the part taken by said First Division, Nineteenth Corps, in the battles of the 19th and 22nd of September, 1864, near Winchester and Fisher's Hill, Va., state in words as follows, viz:

It came into action with both of these brigades, or a great portion of both, flying in panic before the enemy, &c.

