
First Division, Nineteenth Corps, in the battles of the 19th and 22nd of September, 1864, near Winchester and Fisher's Hill, Va., state as follows, viz:

It was never intimated to me that a regiment faltered (meaning a regiment of the First Division).

Which statement is knowingly and willfully false and incorrect. This at or near the headquarters First Division, Nineteenth Corps, on or about the 9th of October, 1864.

Specification 16th.-In this: That Brigadier General William Dwight, U. S. Volunteers, commanding First Division, Nineteenth Corps, id make an official report and a supplementary report of the operations of troops at the battles of the 19th and 22nd of September, near Winchester and Fisher's Hill, Va., the whole tenor of which, in so far as it referred to the Second Division, Nineteenth Corps, was slanderous, a studied vilification of its conduct, and willfully intended to injure the reputation of the same, and, in so far as it referred to the First Division, Nineteenth Corps, was what the said Brigadier-General Dwight knew, or ought to have known, to be a reiterated and willfully misrepresentation of facts. This at or near the headquarters First Division, Nineteenth Corps, in the latter part of September and the early part of October, 1864.

Specification 17th.-In this: That Brigadier General William Dwight, commanding First Division, Nineteenth Corps, without having availed himself of the proper means of accurate information by personal presence with this troops on the field of battle for any considerable length of time during the battle of the 19th of September, near Winchester, Va., did nevertheless, in his official report and supplementary report concerning the same, make statements which were unnecessarily untrue, and did also make sweeping and unnecessarily untrue and slanderous aspersions against troops not under his command. This at or near the headquarters First Division, Nineteenth Corps, about the latter part of September and the early part of October, 1864.

CHARGE 2ND.-Neglect of duty on the field of battle.

Specification 1st.-In this: That Brigadier General William Dwight, commanding First Division, Nineteenth Corps, did neglect and fail to give his proper personal attention to the troops under his command and to be personally present with them during any considerable length of time on the battle field near Winchester, Va., on the 19th of September, 1864, when and while his command was engaged with the enemy.

Specification 2nd.-In this: That Brigadier General William Dwight, commanding First Division, Nineteenth Corps, did, at the battle of the 19th of September, 1864, near Winchester, Va., neglect and fail to cause his command, then engaged with the enemy, to be property supplied with ammunition, and to such an extent as to render it necessary for the commanding officer of the Second Division, Nineteenth Corps, to cause to be issued to the First Division, Nineteenth Corps, commanded by the said Brigadier-General Dwight, 35,000 rounds of ammunition, more or less.

Witnesses: Brevet Major-General Emory, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General C. Grover, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General H. W. Birge, U. S. Volunteers; Colonel David Shunk, Eighth Indiana Volunteers; Colonel E. L. Molineux, One hundred and fifty-ninth New York Volunteers; Colonel Daniel Macauley, Eleventh Indiana Volunteers; Colonel Porter, Fourteenth Maine Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Ilsley, Twelfth Maine Volunteers; Major Thurber, Seventy-fifth New York Volunteers; Colonel Farr, Twenty-

