
sixth Massachusetts Volunteers; Captain Fiske, aide-de-camp, First Brigade, Second Division; Captain Ripley, Fourteenth New Hampshire Volunteers; Lieutenant Wright, acting assistant adjutant-general, First Brigade, Second Division; Captain Goddard, acting assistant quartermaster, First Brigade, Second Division; Captain Hall, Fourteenth New Hampshire Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Charles, Eighteenth Indiana Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Wilds, Twenty-fourth Iowa Volunteers; Major Wright, Twenty-fourth Iowa Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Wilson, Twenty-eighth Iowa Volunteers; Major Meyer, Twenty-eighth Iowa Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Kenny, Eighth Indiana Volunteers; Major Polk, Eighth Indiana Volunteers; Colonel Love, One hundred and sixteenth New York Volunteers; Captain Clark, One hundred and fourteenth New York Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general, Second Division; Captain Hibbert, assistant adjutant-general, Second Division; Lieutenant Benedict, One hundred and fifty-sixth New York Volunteers, acting ordnance officer, Second Division, Nineteenth Corps; Brigadier-General McMillan, U. S. Volunteers.

NOTE.-And many others whose names will be appended in due time.

Supplementary specifications to charge 2nd against Brigadier General William Dwight, U. S. Volunteers.

Specification 1st.-In this: That Brigadier General William Dwight, U. S. Volunteers, commanding First Division, Nineteenth Corps, did, while the troops of his command were engaged in battle with the enemy and hard pressed and in a critical part of the day, go to the rear beyond the presence of his troops and beyond the falling of the shot of the enemy, and in palace of comparative safety, and id remain there, to-ether with his staff, or a part of it, and eat his dinner or lunch. this at the battle of the 19th of September, 1864, near Winchester, Va.

Specification 2nd.-In this: That Brigadier General William Dwight, U. S. Volunteers, commanding First Division, Nineteenth Corps, having, during the battle of the 19th of September, 1864, near Winchester, Va., absented himself for a considerable length of time from the presence of his troops and from the presence of the commanding general of the corps, did fail to inform the commanding general of the corps or the commanding officers of his troops in the presence of the enemy as to where he might be found, thus making it necessary for the commanding officer of the corps to habitually give and send orders direct to the commanding officers of his, Brigadier-General Dwight's, troops, in the presence of the enemy, and making it necessary for the senior colonel of his First Brigade to assume command of the same and give such orders as, in his opinion, the exigencies of the battle required.

SUPPLEMENTARY CHARGE.-Misbehavior before the enemy.

Specification 1st.-In this: That Brigadier General William Dwight, U. S. Volunteers, commanding First Division, Nineteenth Corps, did, while the troops of his command were engaged in battle with the enemy and hard pressed and in a critical part of the day, go to the rear beyond the presence of his troops and beyond the falling of the shot of the enemy, in a place of comparative safety, and did remain thee the greater part of the time, or a great length of time, between the hours of 12 m. and 3.30 p. m. This at the battle of the 19th of September, 1864, near Winchester, Va.

20 R R-VOL XLIII, PT I

