
assigned, after mature deliberation, by Major General E. R. S. Canby, commanding Military Division of West Mississippi, and that these charges against me may be tried at as early a date as possible after active operations shall have ceased. I have the honor, further, to request of the major-general commanding this army a personal interview, that I may make to him such statements as are essential to a full understanding of this case on his part.

Very respectfully, sir, your most obedient servant,

WM. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cedar Creek, Va., October 21, 1864.

Brevet Major-General EMORY,

Commanding Detachment Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: To promote harmony in the corps I am willing to withdraw my report of the engagements of the 19th and 22nd of September, at Winchester and Fisher's Hill, and respectfully request that all the papers may be returned to me.

I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

WM. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cedar Creek, Va., October 24, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM DWIGHT,

Commanding First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform yo that in pursuance of the request of the brevet major-general commanding, the charges and specifications preferred against you by Brigadier General C. Grover have been returned to the brevet major-general commanding.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DUNCAN S. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 19TH ARMY CORPS, No. 50. Near Strasburg, Va., September 21, 1864.

The brigadier-general commanding congratulates the division on their share in the battle of the 19th, near Winchester. The style in which you repulsed the attacks of the enemy when the troops in front of you gave way is worthy of all praise. It was the same enemy you had beaten back at Sabine Cross-Roads and Pleasant Hill, and you treated him in the same manner. You have again shown that order, firmness, and courage will always prevent the enemy's breaking your lines. You also found that the same order and firmness enabled you to break the lines of the enemy. Confusion and unsteadiness alone lead to a repulse. You have lost some of your best officers and most beloved comrades. The untarnished honor of the First Division is their reward. They are happy in the arms of victory.

By command of Brigadier-General Dwight:

J. G. LEEFE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

