HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Harrisonburg, Va., September 26, 1864.

Major O. H. CURTIS:

SIR: I am directed by the brigadier-general commanding the division to express to the officers and men of the One hundred and fourteenth New York Volunteers his high appreciation of the noble conduct displayed and signal services rendered by the regiment on the 19th instant, during the engagement at Winchester. The loss sustained but too clearly attests the position held and the devotion shown by the regiment that day, exposed as it was for three hours to a heavy cross-fire of musketry and artillery. The general, while regrating the severity of the loss, rejoices that so gallant a body of men is attached to the division under him command. You are requested to publish this to your command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. LEEFE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 82. Report of Brigadier General James W. McMillan, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of operations October 19.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cedar Creek, Va., October 19, 1864.

SIR: I beg leave to submit the following report of the part taken in the battle of this date near Cedar Creek, Va., by the First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, temporarily under my command.

At about 5 a. m. I was awakened by the sentinel before my tent, who reported an attack on our pickets. On getting up I heard rapid firing on the extreme left of the position of the Eighth Corps and constantly increasing in rapidity. I at once ordered my command under arms, and proceeded to report to the brevet major-general commanding, whom I found on General Grover's front, at a point nearest the enemy's attack. Our extreme left was rapidly giving way before irresistible force, and I was at once ordered by General Emory to put my Second Brigade, which was entire, in reserve, in position on General Grovere's left and nearly perpendicular to his line of entrenchments, for the purpose of checking the enemy, who were evidently rapidly advancing to the rear of and perpendicular to our position. I put the Second Brigade, Colonel Thompson, into the position indicated, occupying a deep ravine and thick copse of wood, from whence it was soon driven by overwhelming force, but not until completely flanked and nearly one third of its members were killed, wounded, or captured; but in the meantime the troops on the extreme left, that were rapidly being surrounded, were enabled to make their escape through the line thus formed, from what seemed inevitable destruction or capture, and pass to the rear and reform their confused ranks. As soon as aware of the magnitude of the attack I rode rapidly to the First Brigade, Colonel Davis commanding, and after ordering the One hundred and sixteenth New York and the One hundred and fifty-third New York to hold their position on the hill as long as tenable, I put the Thirtieth Massachusetts, Captain Shipley, and the One hundred and fourteenth New York, Major Curtis, in line of battle about 400 yards in the rear of the Second

