
right of the line when advancing, consequently the extreme left when retreating. The fighting of the division was as good as I could wish it at all times, and at all times while retreating was in rear of the line of the whole of our force in my view. So much was the Nineteenth Corps to the rear in the retreat that when about 1,800 yards from our camp I expressed to General Grover fears that the enemy would get between us and the Sixth Corps. He expressed a similar apprehension, and said, "We must keep a sharp lookout for that." Had there been concert of action through our whole force, I believe there was no time after we formed on the line of the position of the Sixth Corps that I could not have driven the enemy in my front without difficulty. While I was constantly driven back, I do not believe my command was at any time whipped, in its own opinion, or unwilling to turn and attack the enemy, assuming the offensive instead of the defensive. About 2 p. m. General Dwight resumed command of the First Division; I, consequently, of the Second Brigade, though after resuming the offensive, and the command advanced on the enemy after driving them from a naturally strong position, covered by dense woods and temporarily fortified with rails, having to charge across an open field about 400 yards, the Second Brigade encountered a most murderous fire from hidden enemy on the right and rear. At this critical moment I wheeled the Second Brigade, and by Colonel Davis' assistance, two of his regiments to the right, forming a line perpendicular to the one of direct attack, and in a few moments drove the enemy flying from his cover. After moving to the right a short distance, I again began to get my command in its former position, to the left and front, when Major-General Sheridan rode up and told me to move to the left, so as to complete the line as when it first advanced.

So rapidly has we driven the enemy that a horseman could with difficulty get through the woods as rapidly. After changing the direction of the troops, by direction of Major Forsyth, of Major-General Sheridan's staff, I halted my command to wait for General Custer to get into position to protect my right, when I again ordered an advance through a thick wood, well filled with rebels, but so impetuous was the advance that I was left nearly out of sight in the thick woods. When I got through the woods I found I was a long distance ahead of our forces, and under fire at short-range of a section of the enemy's guns. Having advanced so rapidly to the front and left, the First Division appeared to move into the fire of a battery I afterward learned belonged to the Sixth Corps. I at once sent my aide, Lieutenant McMillan, who met Major French, of General Emory's staff, who accompanied him to request the battery too stop. On reaching the Sixth Corps they were informed that word had already been sent the battery commander, but the officer commanding the infantry requested my aide to go to Major-General Wrigh with the request, but on approaching the battery learned it had already ceased firing. At this point the while rebel force was apparently flying in utter confusion from the field, and I could have captured many prisoners, but the men were too much fatigued to advance rapidly. So rapid had been our advance, that when we came on the open fields near the pike the left of our line appeared to be nearly 1,500 yards to the rear, though driving the enemy apparently as rapidly as we.

In conclusion, I must claim that the fighting of the First Division was unsurpassed, if equaled, by any.

To the officers of my command, during the whole day, I desire to offer most grateful thanks for their cheerful obedience of orders and exhibi-

