
tion of gallantry in leading their commands. To Captain Leefe, especially, of General Dwight's staff, I am under great obligations for the prompt and gallant manner in which he discharged his responsible duties during the time I was in command of the division. I cheerfully commend the entire division staff for the efficient manner in which all duties required of it were performed while under my command. Of my own staff I cannot speak too highly. Of Captain Lynch, especially, I cannot speak too highly in commendation of his gallantry and activity. Though his term of service had expired, and he entitled to be mustered out of the service several days previous, he was ever at his post and in the hottest fire, cheering the men forward while advancing or cautioning them to move slowly while retreating. I must also call the attention of my commanding officers to the gallantry displayed by Colonel Davis, commanding First Brigade, and Colonel Thomas, commanding the Second Brigade. Both of these officers, at all times while under my command, displayed gallantry of the highest order, and I cannot too earnest recommend them for promotion.

The losses of my brigade are as follows: Four officers and 77 men killed; 19 officers and 233 men wounded; 2 officers in the hands of the enemy; 182 men missing, most of whom are in the hands of the enemy; making a total loss of 517 officers and men.*

While approaching my camp of the morning, driving the enemy in confusion, I received orders from Brevet Major-General Emory and from Brigadier-General Dwight to follow the enemy to Cedar Creek and reoccupy my old camp. When in camp about one hour I received orders to move at once to Strasburg and occupy a position, holding the town and vast quantities of property abandoned by the enemy, including many guns, caissons, wagons, ambulances, besides large quantities of other ordnance and quartermaster's stores.

Respectfully submitted.

JAS. W. McMILLAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major DUNCAN S. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 83.

Report of Brevet Brigadier General George L. Beal, Twenty-ninth Maine Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations September 19-22.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADIER, FIRST DIV., 19TH ARMY CORPS,Harrisonburg, Va., September 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by the First Brigade, First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, in the battles of Winchester and Fisher's Hill, which occurred respectively on the 19th and 22nd of the present month:

On the morning of the 19th the brigade marched from the vicinity of Berryville in the direction of Winchester. The position assigned to the brigade in the order of march was immediately in rear of the Second Division, of the Nineteenth Corps. On arriving in the vicinity of the battle-field the brigade was formed in column of regiments at full distance in rear of the Fourth Brigade, of the Second Division, and a

---------------

*But see revised table, p. 133.

---------------

