
bled the skirmishers at the point from which the charge was to be made, and was then notified by the adjutant-general of the division that the One hundred and sixteenth New York, under command of Colonel Love, was coming forward to assist in the work. At this junction the One hundred and sixteenth came rapidly forward in line and, together with the command of Captain Tremain, dashed forward after the skirmishers led by Captain Kinney, and drove the enemy from their positions. Immediately after these positions were taken the remainder of the brigade was moved out, and the line of breast-works extended This line was held until a few minutes before 6 p. m., when a general charge toward Fisher's Hill was made by the Sixth and Nineteenth Corps, in which my brigade been completely routed, we moved forward in pursuit. The pursuit continued until daylight the following morning.

I feel it my duty to state that the severest fighting done by my brigade in the battle near Winchester was by the One hundred and fourteenth, One hundred and sixteenth, and One hundred and fifty-third New York, which held the front line. The subjoined list of casualties describes more clearly than words can the heroism displayed by the officers and men of these gallant regiments. The other regiments of the brigade behaved equally as well, but being in a less exposed position did not suffer so severely. The gallant behavior of Colonel Davis, of the One hundred and fifty-third New York, on whom the command of the three regiments in the front line temporarily devolved, is deserving of special mention. On this occasion, as on all others, he has displayed the qualities of a brave and efficient officer.

The following is a statement of the casualties in the regiments composing the brigade.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE, L. BEAL,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Cap. J. G. LEEFE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Nineteenth Army Corps.

No. 84. Report of Brigadier General James W. McMillan, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of operations September 19.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADIER, FIRST DIV., 19TH ARMY CORPS,Harrisonburg, Va., September 26, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit a report of the part taken by this brigade in the battle of Winchester, September 19.

When about one mile and a half west of Opequon Creek, in accordance with orders, I put the brigade in position in echelon to the left and rear of the First Brigade, with five companies of the Forty-seventh Pennsylvania Regiment deployed on the right flank of the position as skirmishers, with orders to advance by the left with the division. In this position, to the right and rear of the Second Division, we advanced about one mile, when I moved rapidly to the extreme right, and not finding any skirmish line on my right, I immediately deployed

---------------

*Embodied in tables, pp. 114, 121.

---------------

