
The losses of my brigade are as follows:

Regiment	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing

47th Pennsylvania Volunteers	 1	 8	 ........

8th Vermont	 9	 28	 ........

160th New York	 14	 51	 1

12th Connecticut	 7	 63	 1

Total*	 31	 150	 2

Grand total, 183.

Before closing this report I must mention the gallant conduct of Captain A. G. Goodwin, of the Thirteenth Maine, who, having joined the brigade from hospital after his regiment had gone home on veteran furlough, was assigned to duty, at his request, in the One hundred and sixtieth New York, and is mentioned by the commanding officer of that regiment for most gallant conduct.

Respectfully submitted.

JAS. W. McMILLAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain J. G. LEEFE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 85. Reports of Captain Sidney E. Clark, Twelfth Connecticut Infantry, of operations September 19 and 22.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,Near Strasburg, Va., September 22, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following account of the part taken by this regiment in the engagement near Winchester, Va., on the 19th, and list of casualties:

The regiment was moved to the front and formed in the second line of battle, under command of Lieutenant Colonel Frank H. Peck, at about 12 m., under a brisk fire of the enemy's artillery and infantry; were then moved to the left and right on this line several times, owing to conflicting orders Our position being established, we awaited further orders. About this time (1 p. m.) Lieutenant-Colonel Peck was mortally wounded by a fragment of shell. I then assumed command and the regiment was immediately ordered to move to the first line and relieve a part of Colonel Molineux's brigade, of the Second Division, which order we executed at the double-quick, passing through the line of the Fourteenth New Hampshire and operating fire on the enemy. This position we held for three or four hours, exposed to a galling fire of the enemy's infantry, who were advantageously posted in a belt of woods in our immediately front. Nearly our whole loss occurred in this position. Upon hearing sharp firing on our right flank (enemy apparently falling back), Colonel Thomas, commanding Eighth Vermon, suggested to me that we charge them. My command being then out of ammunition, and having no orders from you, I hesitated, but Colonel Thomas being anxious, and in the enthusiasm of the moment we fixed bayonets, and, in company with the Eighth Vermont, moved at a double-quick, driving the enemy clear of the woods and holding them. Then received orders to halt and supply ourselves with ammunition.

---------------

*But see revised table, p. 114.

---------------

