
No. 86. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George N. Lewis, Twelfth Connecticut Infantry, of operations October 19.

CEDAR CREEK, VA., October 20, 1864.

SIR: At dawn yesterday I heard heavy artillery and musketry firing on the left of my position and in the direction of the position of the Eighth Corps. I immediately called my command to attention and marched with the brigade to the left to support the Eighth Corps, who were being vigorously attacked by the enemy. When we arrived in rear of the position occupied by the division on the right of the Eighth Corps we found them badly broken and in full retreat. We immediately formed line of battle and checked the enemy until both flanks were lapped by the enemy, when we were forced to fall back two miles, which was done in the best order possible under the circumstances. At about 3 p. m. we were ordered to advance, attack the enemy, and reoccupy our former position, which was done in beautiful style, my right with its brigade having the extreme right of the line. At sundown we had occupied our former position and completely routed the enemy.

The losses of my regiment were as follows: Killed-officers, 2; enlisted men, 20. Wounded-officers, 5; enlisted men, 52. Missing, 93.

The officers and men of my command deserve the greatest credit for their bravery and coolness in that trying conflict.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

GEO. N. LEWIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Twelfth Regiment Connecticut Vols.

Adjt. General L. THOMAS,

Washington, D. C.

No. 87. Report of Lieutenant John V. Grant, Fifth New York Battery, of operations September 19.

IN POSITION AT STRASBURG, VA.,

September 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken in the battle of the 19th instant by the Fifth New York Independent Battery:

At 3 a. m., on the 19th instant, I withdrew my guns from position near Berryville, and took up the line of march with the First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, for the Opequon. Crossing the Opequon about 8 a. m. was ordered to follow the Second Brigade through the woods, but found it impossible to do so on account of the dense undergrowth and a deep ravine, so had to turn around and cut my way out of the woods again to the rear. About 2 p. m., was ordered by the chief of artillery to bring a section to the front; then went into position on the right of the Nineteenth Corps, then forming for a charge. Fired a few shells, and again moved forward with the Nineteenth Corps then charging; came into position four times, when the line halted. Again moved forward with the charging line to near Winchester, where I

