
halted until about 6 p. m., when I was again ordered to join the First Division, and went into camp in rear of the Second Brigade, First Division, for the night.

Expended twenty-eight rounds of ammunition and had two horses wounded.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. V. GRANT,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery.

Captain JOSEPH HIBBERT, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 88. Report of Brigadier General Cuvier Grover, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations September 19-23.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,October 1, 1864.

SIR: For the Second Division, Nineteenth Corps, at the recent battles of the 19th last near Winchester and 22nd last near Fisher's Hill, Va., and the operations immediately connected therewith, I have the honor to make the following report:

At 2 a. m. on the 19th the division, being the advance of the Nineteenth Corps, left its camp near Berryville and marched in the direction of Winchester. When within about two miles of the Opequon ford, pursuant to orders, we halted to allow the Sixth Corps, moving on our right with its ordnance and ambulance train, to take the advance. Soon after daylight the firing of artillery and small-arms became quite rapid in the direction of Winchester, and I received orders to push forward, in advance of the before-mentioned train, with all practicable rapidity. Having arrived at the front, the division was rapidly formed in two lines of battle on the right of the Sixth Corps. General Birge's (First) brigade formed the right and Colonel Sharpe's (Third) brigade the left of the first line, with Colonel Shunk's (Fourth) and Colonel Molineux's (Second) brigade on the right and left, respectively, of the second line. In this order, at 11.45 a. m., in conjunction with the Sixth Corps on the left and the First Division in echelon on the right, the lines advanced over a country much broken, and quite densely wooded on our left, and soon encountered the enemy in strong position and force. To prevent, however, the enemy from taking any advantage of this interval Colonel Molineux's brigade was ordered to advance from the second line and cover the opening. Upon the arrival of General Birge's brigade to an advantageous position, and in prolongation of the line held by the troops on the left, it was ordered to halt and lie down and await orders, but having driven the enemy from his first line, in the noise and excitement of the battle, though from my personal observation the officers without exception did

