
as could be seen through the smoke and prevailing fog. The troops on the left, thus attacked in front and flank, made a stubborn resistance, and on the line of the Third Brigade a hand-to-hand conflict ensued, during which the colors of the One hundred and seventy-sixth and One hundred and fifty-sixth New York Regiments were seized by the enemy, but in both instances were torn from the flag-staffs and saved. At the same time a battery opened on our lines from the left and another from the high ground in front and on the opposite side of the creek. Pressed by an overwhelming force, and having already lost very heavily, our line was forced back, retiring in good order, but leaving some prisoners in the hands of the enemy. Colonel Macauley, commanding the brigade, was severely wounded early in the engagement, and Major Hart, of General Grover's staff, soon after received a wound from which he died the next morning. Lieutenant-Colonel Neafie, One hundred and fifty-sixth New York, took command of the Third Brigade. The enemy now made a desperate effort to secure the guns of the First Maine Battery, four of which were in their original position, and well and rapidly served, Lieutenant Haley commanding, the other section, under Lieutenant MOrton, having been sent to the left. Lieutenant Haley was wounded, and Lieutenant Snow succeeded in getting all but two caissons off the grounds, but was finally obliged to abandon one gun and three caissons, the horses being shot. Lieutenant Morton was killed and one gun of his section captured, but all were subsequently retaken. In the meantime the First Brigade and that part of the Second Brigade not engaged were holding their respective positions, but losing from infantry and artillery fire from front, flank, and rear. By order of General Grover they now fell back, the First Brigade along the line of works, forming a new line on the crest of the hill to the right and perpendicular to the original line, and holding it till turned by the enemy, when it fell back to the hill previously occupied by a brigade of First Division. Making a short stand here, it was again pressed back, and again made a stand in an open field, with the Fourth Brigade on its left; having, in the efforts made to check the advance of the enemy, lost severely in killed and wounded and some prisoners. The Second Brigade moved out by the right flank and formed on the right of the Sixth Corps, taking advantage of every favorable position to halt and check the advancing enemy, which it did several times very gallantly. The Third Brigade withdrew more to the left, and being ordered to form on the right of division of the Sixth Corps operated with it till about 10 o'clock, and about 11 joined this command. From the position taken by the brigades, as above described, they gradually retired, conforming to the movements of the army, and making stands at three different points until, between 10 and 11 o'clock, an advance was ordered, and the division moved some distance to the front, forming on the right of the Sixth Corps in two lines, the First and Second Brigades in the first, and the Fourth and Third (which came up about this time) [in] the second line; the First Division of this corps on the right. A strong skirmish line was deployed to the front, which was driven in about non, and the enemy in strong force attacked our lines, but was effectually repulsed. He continued, however, to annoy us with his artillery, but inflicting slight loss. Soon after the repulse another advance was ordered, General Grover directing that the connection with the Sixth Corps should be maintained on the left, but the right pressed forward more rapidly, thus gradually swinging to the left. The troops advanced with the greatest impetuosity, under a

