
sever fire from the enemy's infantry on the crest of a hill in front and an accurate and rapid fire from a battery on the hill beyond, drove him out and occupied the hill, where a halt was ordered. While holding this position, and shortly after gaining it, General Grover, who had been wounded early in the day, was again wounded in the arm, compelling him to leave the field, and I then took command of the division. About 4.30 p. m. I received orders from Brevet Major-General Emory to advance, and the troops again moved forward with the same gallantry and impetuosity as in the previous charge, the enemy retreating in great confusion and our forces pursuing without a halt till the camp which had been left in the morning was reached. By direction of the brevet major-general commanding the pursued terminated here, and the division went into camp, each brigade occupying its original ground. At 8 p. m., in compliance with orders from the brevet major-general commanding, the Fourth Brigade moved toward Strasburg and bivouacked for the night in rear of the First Division, occupying the town.

At 7 a. m. on the 20th the division marched to the height overlooking Strasburg, and, by direction of General Emory, was placed in position, where it remained until 7 the next morning, 21st, when the whole division returned to its former camp on Cedar Creek.

I inclose reports of brigade commanders, to which reference is invited, for more minute details of the part taken by each in the battle of the 19th than the limits of this report permit.

A numerical list of the casualties in the division is appended. A nominal list has been forwarded.

Of the gallantry, steadiness, and good conduct of the troops of this division during the various and trying phases of the action of the 19th I cannot speak in too high terms. Every brigade kept its organization during the day, and with few exceptions the behavior of officers and men was all that could be asked for. Of the Second Brigade, operating in connection with mine and moving on the same line, I am able, from personal observation, to speak with the highest commendation. In the Fourth Brigade every regimental colander was wounded. Of the desperate resistance to the advance of the enemy early in the day made by the Third Brigade I have already spoken. Its conduct during the advance in the afternoon was no less praiseworthy. I respectfully ask the attention of the brevet major-general commanding to the instances of individual heroism and meritorious conduct mentioned in the reports of brigade commanders.

To the members of General Grover's staff, who reported to me for duty after he was wounded, my thanks are due for their efficient aid and support. Their gallantry on the field was conspicuous. To Captain E. A. Fiske, Thirtieth Massachusetts Volunteers, and Captain Goddard, Twelfth Maine Volunteers, of my own staff, I am very greatly indebted for untiring attention to their duties, performed with ability and good judgement, and their bravery in action deserves special mention.

Respectfully,

HENRY W. BIRGE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Second Division.

Major DUNCAN S. WALKER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Detachment Nineteenth Army Corps.

