
chusetts, wounded slightly. Major Thurber succeeded to the command of the Seventy-fifth New York and Captain Toman to the Fourteenth New Hampshire.

Owing to the rapid and continuous advance of the army since the 19th, I have not been able to obtain official reports of the commanders of regiments. These will be forwarded when received, with supplementary report giving more detailed account of the part taken by each regiment and individuals who distinguished themselves by gallantry and meritorious services.

In concluding this report, I beg leave to say that, in my opinion, the charge made by this brigade has rarely if ever been excelled for the gallantry and steadiness with which it was made, and that the officers and men of the five regiments who participated in it are entitled to special praise and commendation. They only relinquished the position which they had gained when more than one-quarter of their number were either killed or wounded, and to have remained longer would have been, without support, inevitable destruction. I also express my thanks to Captain Fiske, Thirtieth Massachusetts; Captain Ripley and Lieutenant Wright, Fourteenth New Hampshire; Captain Goddard, Twelfth Maine, and Lieutenant Bischoff, aide-de-camp, members of my staff, for faithful and zealous attention to their duties and conspicuous gallantry on the field.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. BIRGE,

Brigadier General of Vols., Comdg. 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 19th Army Corps.

Captain J. HIBBERT, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Report of Captain John G. Healy, Ninth Connecticut Infantry, of operations October 19.
HDQRS. NINTH BATTALION CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,Cedar Creek, Va., October 26, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Ninth Connecticut Battalion in the fight of the 19th instant:

We were under arms and at the breast-works at 5 a. m. At that time a heavy volley of musketry was heard on our left, which was followed soon after by artillery firing and a continuous one of musketry. There was now every indication that we were flanked, as we were receiving a fire from our rear. At about 6 o'clock we received orders to strike tents, which was immediately done, when we again formed at the breast-works. In a few moments we discovered that the regiments on our left had fallen back. I immediately ordered my men to move by the right flank, and to keep along our line of works. This order was obeyed, the men keeping together well. After we had reached the top of the hill to our left we formed in line of battle and delivered a well-directed fire at the enemy with marked effect. We were then ordered to fall back down the hill. As we reached the foot of the hill an aide to General Birge ordered us to advance up the hill again. This we did in good order, and delivered another volley at the advancing enemy. They being close upon us, we again fell back, crossed the creek, and remained there until ordered to fall back to the top of the next hill. Here we found part of our brigade had formed in line of battle behind

