
a breast-work. I ordered my men to form on the right of the brigade, which they did, and for a while we succeeded in checking the advance of the enemy. We were now ordered to fall back slowly; this we did. Men of other regiments were running by us, going in all directions to the rear. Very few musketry shots were now fired at us, the enemy's and our artillery doing the firing. My battalion fell back to where the Second Division, Nineteenth Corps, had formed. I reported to Captain E. A. Fiske, aide-de-camp, who directed me to my position in line. About 9.30 o'clock the line was ordered to fall back to a wood near us, where we again formed in line of battle. We remained here but a short time when we were ordered to move by right of regiments to the rear. We had moved but a short distance when we were ordered to about face, and, occupying a new position, formed in line of battle. We remained but a few moments when we were ordered forward and to the left in the woods. The line was formed, and a protection from bullets was hastily thrown up by our men. Now we were ordered to be ready for a forward movement. It was directed, when we advanced through the woods, the enemy pouring shot and shell into us, but with very little effect. We now received orders to charge. My men went at it with a will, the colors of my battalion being always in the advance. The officers of the Ninth rallied their men, and they pressed forward after the retreating enemy. The chase was kept up until dark. The enemy being driven from the field we were now ordered to occupy our old camp.

During the battle of the 19th the officers of my battalion were particularly noticed as being always at their post near and around the flag. The men obeyed the order of their officers with promptness and a heady good will. We were highly complimented by our brigade commander, Brigadier-General Birge, who told us we had done nobly and held well our own. I desire to make particular mention of Sergt. W. L. Perry and Private John T. Morrow, who, after the color-sergeant had been wounded, seized the colors and pushed forward. These men were always in the advance, few, if any, color bearers being able to keep up with them. The colors of my battalion were driven in the morning; in less than five minutes no less than a dozen stand of colors were around us. The following are the casualties: Commissioned officers-missing, 1; wounded, 2. Enlisted men-killed, 2; wounded, 16; missing, 10.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. HEALY,

Captain, Commanding Ninth Connecticut Battalion.

Captain E. A. FISKE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., Nineteenth Army Corps.

No. 92. Report of Major Benjamin F. Thurber, Seventy-fifth New York Infantry, of operations October 19.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-FIFTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Near Cedar Creek, Va., October 27, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that about 9 p. m. October 18, 1864, I received orders from Brigadier General H. W. Birge, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, that a reconnaissance

---------------

*But see revised table, p. 133.

---------------

