
with the other brigade of the division, until the Sixth Corps and its train had passed. The Opequon Creek was passed in good order and the column well closed up, and, after advancing about two miles, was, in obedience to orders, formed in line of battle some 200 paces in rear of the Third Brigade. The Twenty-second Iowa, being on the left, was exposed to the view of the enemy, and being shelled by them, was formed a little to the rear in echelon. At 11.30 a. m. the brigade advanced, following the movements of the preceding brigade, the right passing through a heavy belt of timber, the left though and exposed ravine. While advancing I received an order to advance my brigade to cover an opening which had occurred between the First and Third Brigades in the front line. The line advanced at quick step in admirable order, under a very heavy fire of musketry and artillery, and was only checked in its advance by the flanks being exposed by the retiring of the troops on the right and left. The line was halted, and immediately opened a destructive fire on the enemy, the Eleventh Indiana, on the right, obliquing its fire to check the enemy advancing on its flank. At the same time the One hundred and fifty-ninth New York and Twenty-second Iowa, on the left, stubbornly contested their ground with the advancing enemy, exposed to a deadly flank fire. At this time I received the order to fall back and form in the edge of the belt of timber immediately in the rear. This was accomplished by the right of the brigade promptly and in good order. The center and left being on more open and exposed ground and not being sheltered by timber, were obliged to fall back some 300 paces in the rear, losing very heavily in killed and wounded. The advancing columns of the enemy, which outflanked us from the left, captured a number of prisoners from the One hundred and fifty-ninth New York and Thirteenth Connecticut; but our left, in falling back, brought in an equal number of the enemy. While this was occurring on that flank the Eleventh Indiana, One hundred and thirty-first New York, and a portion of the Third Massachusetts [Cavalry (dismounted), and a regiment from the Third Brigade (One hundred and seventy-sixth New York) promptly opened a heavy and well-sustained fire upon the advancing lines of the enemy, which soon caused them to fall back. These gallant regiments followed them for some distance, took up a position on an advantageous ground, and caused the enemy's retreat to become a hasty flight. This advanced position was held by us until every cartridge was exhausted. Finding this to be the case, and that the regiments on the left of my brigade were not effecting anything, from the nature of the ground they occupied, I formed my left wing in rear of my right of the purpose of sustaining and relieving it. About the same time certain regiments of the First Division relieved the Eleventh Indiana, One hundred and thirty-first and One hundred and seventy-sixth New York, and Third Massachusetts, who were then formed in the edge of the timber, and the whole brigade resupplied with ammunicition. The command while remaining in the woods suffered some-what from the artillery fire of the enemy, which enlisted the position from the right, but were in good in support of the First Brigade, whose line I re-enforced on the left by one of my regiments (the One hundred and thirty-first New York). The brigade remained in support of the First Brigade during the advance upon the remaining positions of the enemy, and, although several times exposed to a well-directed and destructive fire of solid shot and shell from the enemy's batteries, steadily advanced in perfect line until the retreat of the enemy from the field ended the battle.

