
a. m. we bivouacked on the south side of Woodstock. The conduct of the troops was most admirable, especially the Eleventh Indiana and One hundred and thirty-first New York, who sustained their reputation under most trying circumstances, viz, a night attack and a fire from the rear. I would especially mention the conduct of Lieutenant-Colonel White, commanding the reserve, and Major Butler, the skirmishers on the left of the road. At 9 a. m. the One hundred and fifty-ninth New York arrived, having been detailed as a guard for prisoners. This regiment succeeded in capturing a number of the enemy, who had been passed during the night by the main army. Left Woodstock at 12 m. and marched to a point one mile and a half south of Edenburg, and went in position in reserve and on the left. On the morning of the 24th broke camp at 6 a. m. and marched to New Marked, and encamped to the right and rear. On the morning of the 25th broke camp at 6 a. m. and marched to Harrisonburg and encamped to the west of the town.

I herewith inclose a list of killed and wounded in the action at Fisher's Hill, and upon the march since that action (marked B.)*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD L. MOLINEUX,

Colonel 159th New York Volunteers, Comdg. Second Brigade.

Captain J. HIBBERT, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Div., 19th Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADIER, SECOND DIV., 19TH ARMY CORPS,Near Cedar Creek, Va., October 23, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of my brigade during the action of the 19th instant:

Having received orders on the previous evening from the general commanding the division to have my brigade ready to move out of the works on a reconnaissance in light marching order at 5.30 a. m., I caused breakfast to be prepared for the men at an early hour, and at the appointed time we were in line awaiting orders. At about 5.40 a. m. I heard the sound of heavy musketry in the direction of the position of the Eighth Corps, and apprehending an attack immediately ordered my command into the rifle-pits, throwing out a few sharpshooters t give me early intimation should an attack be made on my front. Shortly afterward I received orders to detach two regiments to my left to support the battery which commanded the pike and ground about the main bridge, and accordingly I sent the Twenty-second Iowa and Third Massachusetts (dismounted) Cavalry, in the meantime directing that the other regiments pack their shelter-tents and other property, permitting a few men to do so at a time, the rest remaining in position. By this time a battery of the enemy directly in my front on the other side of the creek opened a fire of shell upon us, and the mist breaking from the valley discovered a line apparently prepared to attack us. It was not long before a fire of shell, enfilading our line from the left, with another directly in my rear, and a sharp musketry fire from the same direction (the position occupied by the Eighth Corps), showed me that the enemy had outflanked us. I sheltered my men as much as possible in the rifle-pits, and awaited orders. In the meantime the troops on my left and the batteries passed me, together with the two regiments of this brigade which had been sent in support of the batteries, all

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 122.

---------------

