
apparently retiring toward the pike (the two regiments mentioned rejoined me subsequently). Finding that we were completely outflanked, that the retreat was general, and that my men were rapidly falling from a fire they could not return, and that a line of battle was being formed in the rear by the Sixth Corps, I moved out by the flank in good order, detaching the Eleventh Indiana, by order of Brevet Major-General Emory, to hold the hollow and stone wall near the headquarters of the Second Division. With the remaining regiments, in compliance with the order of Brigadier-General Grover, I filed to the right and formed in line on the right of the Sixth Corps, then going into position, but immediately received orders to retire about 100 yards to support a battery. Hardly had I done so before the battery retired without firing. The position I then occupied was an exceedingly favorable one, on a hill directly in front of the white house, and one which supported the flank of the Sixth Corps, then actively engaged with the enemy. To support the battery would be retiring without doing anything to check the advance of the enemy, and would leave a gap between the Sixth Corps and apart of the Nineteenth Corps then engaged on my right. General Grover therefore countermanded the former order, and directed me to hold the position, and if possible to keep it, at the same time cautioning me that the line of battle was about to fall back, and to cover the movement by my infantry fire as long as possible. The Eleventh Indiana and the Twenty-second Iowa here reported to me, but the enemy showing symptoms of outflanking us on our right and gaining possession of a dangerous belt of woods, I sent the One hundred and fifty-ninth New York and Eleventh Indiana and my sharpshooters to watch that point, and they were soon engaged fighting on the right, and with the First Brigade, Second Division, and portions of the First Division. It was not long before our line of battle commenced moving back in good order followed by the enemy. Up to this time my men had been concealed and were lying down, but our time had now come, and rising up we poured in upon them so rapid and close a fire that we soon had the gratification of seeding their line retire for shelter behind a hill. Another attempt was made by the enemy to advance, but was foiled by our fire, when I received orders to retire to a line abreast of the Sixth Corps, which was done in good order. In the subsequent positions (three) taken in retiring, the brigade behaved with great steadiness, and the skirmish line formed and held by the Eleventh Indiana more especially redounds to the credit to that noble veteran regiment. About 11 o'clock orders were received to advance again, which was done, and a line formed, this brigade on the left of the Sixth Corps, in a heavy belt of timber, a breast-work of rails thrown up and skirmishers sent to the front, the brunt of which, I believe, fell upon this brigade. It was repelled very easily, but I have to regret the loss at this point of the gallant and patriotic soldier and gentleman, Captain Duncan Richmond, One hundred and fifty-ninth New York, who fell mortally wounded while encouraging his men. After the repulse of the enemy a heavy artillery fire was opened upon us from the front, and soon after we were ordered to advance, keeping up the connection with the Sixth Corps, and gradually to swing around toward the left. The Thirteenth Connecticut was deployed as skirmishers in front, and we advanced in the following order from right to left: Third Massachusetts, One hundred and fifty-ninth New York, Eleventh Indiana, One hundred and thirty-first New York, Twenty-second Iowa. Upon passing the edge of the woods the

