
line camp up to the skirmishers, who were unable to advance, the infantry fire of the enemy being exceedingly heavy, and their shell practice admirably accurate. The Confederate infantry was advantageously posted behind a stone fence about 400 yards in advance. Behind them about the same distance, on the hill, under cover of a stone wall and rails, was a second line, supporting a battery. A heavy fire was opened upon them, the line halting to deliver it, and then a most gallant and brilliant charge was made, driving the enemy in scattered and broken squads from both positions. The regimental colors of this brigade were almost simultaneously planted on the hill, but to Corporal Bierbower, of the Eleventh Indiana, must be awarded the honor of first planting the colors there, almost instantly followed by those of the One hundred and thirty-first and One hundred and fifty-ninth New York and a regiment of the Sixth Corps (Fifteenth New Jersey). I claim, and I believe with justice, that the brigade, with one regiment of the Sixth Corps, occupied this portion of the line some minutes before the left came up and had to charge up a most difficult hill of plowed ground under a terrific fire of musketry and artillery. In this charge one regiment alone, One hundred and fifty-ninth New York Volunteers, captured 3 commissioned officers and 31 privates of the enemy. This position was held by us for some half hour under a heavy fire of shell and round shot, most of my men being without cartridges; yet when again ordered to advanced they did so with great animation and spirit, supplying themselves with ammunition from dead bodies and prisoners. From this point the enemy made but feeble attempts to stand, and it was not long before we arrived at our old ground and went into camp.

The conduct of both officers and men during this trying day was most admirable-cool and steady in retreating, patient under fire, and impetuous in the attack; and I trust their conduct will meet with the unqualified approval of the division and corps commanders. All did well; those of whom I have had the pleasure of making honorable mention in report of former actions won new honors. I cannot refrain from naming for personal and conspicuous gallantry Colonel N. W. Day, One hundred and thirty-first New York; Lieutenant Colonel William Waltermire, One hundred and fifty-ninth New York; Lieutenant Colonel W. W. Darnall, Eleventh Indiana, and the other regimental commanders. Color-Sergeant Gray, One hundred and thirty-first New York, Color-Sergeants Coons and Hallenbeck, One hundred and fifty-ninth New York, and Color-Corporal Bierbower, Eleventh Indiana, have been especially named to me for conspicuous bravery.

It has been my exceeding good fortune to be supported in this action, as well as former ones, by a brave and efficient staff, and my thanks are due to the following members: Captain G. W. Hussey, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant B. F. Copeland, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant H. D. Pope, acting provost-marshal, and Lieutenant David Wilson, acting aide-de-camp.

I herewith submit list of casualties.*

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

EDWARD L. MOLINEUX,

Colonel 159th New York Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain JOSEPH HIBBERT, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Div., 19th Army Corps.

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 133.

---------------

