
artillery in our ranks. There being but two regiments in this perilous situation (Twenty-second Iowa and Third Massachusetts), and the troops in our front having fled in confusion through our ranks, it was impossible to hold the enemy in check with this small force, and our lines were broken and the men retreated in disorder. About three-fourths of the regiment having reached the crest of the hill, rallied and held the enemy in check for a short time, but could not stand against such an overwhelming force of the enemy, and again fell back. In this stand the enemy were so close to our ranks that their fire burnt the clothes of our men, and while falling back many were captured. Having fallen back to the rear a considerable distance our lines were again formed and awaited an attack. In the afternoon we were again ordered to advance with the brigade, and after an obstinate fight drove the enemy were completely routed and fled in every direction. We found our camp totally destroyed by the enemy, losing all of our tents, knapsacks, blankets, haversacks, and rations, leaving the regiment almost entirely destitute of clothing and subsistence, in consequence of which the men have suffered from the effects of the cold weather. In view of this fact, that we were ordered out in light marching order, with not sufficient time to break camp, before the enemy had attacked our position on the left and had broken our line, rendering it necessary for us to lose no time in getting to the scene of cation, I deem it very proper that the men should be remunerated for the losses which they have sustained by the casualties of war in thus being deprived of everything though no neglect of their own.

The casualties in my regiment were 72 in number, a nominal list* having been forwarded to your headquarters.

I cannot close this brief report without mentioning with pride the gallant conduct of both officers and men in this severe engagement, ending in the most brilliant victory of the war.

Hoping that this report will meet your approbation, I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient,

HARVEY GRAHAM,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant B. F. COPELAND,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 19th Army Corps.

No. 96. Report of Colonel Daniel Macauley, Eleventh Indiana Infantry commanding Third Brigade, of operations September 21-25.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADIER, SECOND DIV., 19TH ARMY CORPS,Harrisonburg, Va., September 26, 1864.

SIR: I would respectfully report the following as the part taken by this brigade since the 21st of September, the date on which General Grover's order placed me in command, Colonel Sharpe having been wounded on the 19th:

The brigade consisted of the One hundred and twenty-eighth New York, Lieutenant-Colonel Foster; One hundred and fifty-sixth New

---------------

*See table, p. 133.

---------------

