
York, Lieutenant-Colonel Neafie; One hundred and seventy-sixth New York, Major Lewis, and Thirty-eight Massachusetts, Major Allen. About 7 o'clock on the morning of the 22nd we were placed on the extreme left of the Nineteenth Corps, in front of Fisher's Hill, with several pieces of artillery. Skirmishers were thrown out, who were engaged with those of the enemy immediately. Slight breast-works were then commenced by each regiment, and work on them continued for several hours, the One hundred and fifty-sixth New York, under Lieutenant-Colonel Neafie, performing most excellent service in making stronger protection for the artillery. About 9.30 a. m. the Second Brigade was moved to the left, forming line some seventy-five yards in our rear, its commanding officer, Colonel E. L. Molineux, assuming the general direction of the two brigades. At noon the One hundred and twenty-eighth New York, Lieutenant-Colonel Foster, was deployed as skirmishers, and participated in a general advance on the enemy's rifle-pits, carrying those in front of General Grover's division in fine style. It was supported position was gained a working party of five companies of the One hundred and fifty-sixth New York, under Captain J. J. Hoyt, advanced rapidly to it, and threw up stronger defenses, under a heavy fie of artillery and musketry. The One hundred and seventy-sixth New York accompanied the working party, and did good service, working and fighting. Toward 5 p. m. a general advance on the enemy's works was ordered, which was executed by the Second and Third Brigades in line as follows: The Thirteenth Connecticut, Major Comstock; Thirty-eighth Massachusetts, and Third Massachusetts Cavalry (dismounted), Lieutenant-Colonel Sargent, constituted the right wing, to the command of which I was ordered by Colonel Molineux, the left wing of three regiments being under the colonel himself. As the line advanced those regiments of the Third Brigade already in front (One hundred and seventy-sixth and One hundred and twenty-eighth New York Regiments) charged, and the former, under Major Charles Lewis, entered the enemy's works on our left in advance of any other troops, and captured four guns. The enemy being in full retreat, the major ordered his men forward in pursuit, leaving the guns where he took them. At this time, as the enemy's retreat became a grand rout, so did our pursuit become a confused and eager chase. The Third Massachusetts became detached from my command, and advanced where and when it could, while I pressed forward with the Thirty-eight Massachusetts and Thirteenth Connecticut until after dark. When the rear guard of the enemy began to resist we were very near our front, and in a short time had the advance, with others already there, with General Grover and Colonel Molineux. We remained in the advance all night, the skirmish line, consisting of the Eleventh Indiana, Major Butler, and Twelfth Maine, Lieutenant-Colonel Ilsley, on the left of the road, and the One hundred and thirty-first New York, Lieutenant-Colonel Redford, and Thirty-eighth Massachusetts, on the right, the advance being under the immediate and constant direction of General Grover. Camp was formed at Woodstock in the morning after a sever night's march, in which all concerned earned credit for patience under great fatigue and difficulties incident to movements of the kind. The pursuit of the enemy was kept up until the evening of the 25th, when we reached Harrisonburg, different parts of the brigade being used at times as skirmishers, though not being again engaged.

It is a difficult matter where commands are so mixed to render justice to all during a general and glorious victory. The charge of the One

