
hundred and twenty-eight New York on the enemy's rifle-pits was gallantly done; the capture of the four guns by Major Lewis and his fighting regiment deserve especial notice, and the constant cheerfulness under severe fatigue and exposure of the Thirty-eight Massachusetts and One hundred and fifty-sixth New York entitle them to most honorable mention. Captain Edwin N. Ketchum, One hundred and seventy-sixth New York, commanding the pioneer corps of the brigade, performed double service, fighting with his company in every engagement and working with it between times. Captain Charles W. Kennedy, acting assistant adjutant-general, during the final charge on Fisher's Hill, was knocked from his horse by a grape-shot, but fortunately escaped with a slight bruise.

The entire loss of the brigade since the 21st was 4 killed and 14 wounded.

Very respectfully,

DAN. MACAULEY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain HIBBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 97. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Alfred Neafie, One hundred and fifty-sixth New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations October 19.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADIER, SECOND DIV., 19TH ARMY CORPS,Near Cedar Creek, Va., October 24, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this brigade in the action of the 19th instant:

This command was ordered to be ready to move at 5.30 a. m. to take part in a reconnaissance on our immediate front, and in obedience to such order the brigade line was formed at 5.20 a. m. in light marching order, camps unbroken. At this time, and for some time previous, distant and heavy skirmishing was heard on the right of the army lines, but as the position of the firing remained unchanged it did not occasion serious alarm. Occasional shots were also fired from the picket-lines of the Second Division on the left of the pike. At 5.25 a. m. about thirty shots were fired in rapid succession on the picket-lines of General Crook's command, whereupon the brigade, then under command of Colonel Dan. Macauley, Eleventh Indiana Volunteers, was ordered to occupy the works in its front, and an aide was dispatched to inform General Grover of the attack. After a few moments of quiet the attack was resumed with great fury upon the left of the army lines, the firing consisting principally of heavy volleys of musketry, but intermingled with some discharges of artillery. In about ten minutes the firing ceased, and it was then generally believed that the attack had been repulsed. Shortly after the cessation of firing information was received through our retreating men that our left flank had been turned, and that the enemy was in possession of the ground which had been held by General Crook's command. Although it was now daylight, a dense fog obscured the view and hid the movements of the enemy. The following dispositions were then made of the command to receive the expected attack: The One hundred and seventy-sixth

