
During the attack and subsequent pursuit we changed front many times in accordance with orders from staff officers, moving through a difficult and wooded country, exposed frequently to a severe fire in front and flanks, and by the time the sun went down the brigade occupied its old camp-ground with the enemy routed and flying in disorder beyond Fisher's Hill, pursued by our cavalry.

The aggregate losses of the regiments of the brigade in killed, wounded, and missing are as follows: Thirty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers, 54; One hundred and twenty-eighth New York Volunteers, 95; One hundred and fifty-sixth New York Volunteers, 92; One hundred and seventy-sixth New York Volunteers, 53; One hundred and seventy-fifth New York Volunteers, 3; total, 297 men.*

The casualties will show how obstinately the ground was held. The very heavy detail of 5 officers and 175 men was on picket in front of the division, and many of these were captured by the rapid advance of the enemy on the other side of Cedar Creek. The One hundred and seventy-fifth New York Volunteers, Captain Charles McCarthey commanding, was detached from the brigade guarding the ammunition train and half the enemy in check until the train was removed to a place of safety under a heavy fire.

I desire before closing to bear testimony to the gallantry and good conduct of each and every member of the brigade staff, viz: Captain Charles W. Kennedy, One hundred and fifty-sixth New York, acting assistant adjutant-general, Captain T. P. Rundlet, Thirty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers, provost-marshal; Lieutenant H. E. Macomber, Thirty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Eugene Franklin, One hundred and seventy-sixth New York, acting aide-de-camp.

The following-named officers also distinguished themselves by their coolness and efficiency: Major Charles F. Allen, commanding Thirty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers; Captain James J. Hoyt, One hundred and fifty-sixth New York Volunteers; Captain Alfred Cooley, One hundred and fifty-sixth New York Volunteers; Captain Charles R. Anderson, One hundred and twenty-eighth New York Volunteers; Lieut Charles B. Western, One hundred and fifty-sixth New York Volunteers.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED NEAFIE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain E. A. FISKE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 98. Report of Major Charles F. Allen, Thirty-eighth Massachusetts Infantry, of operations October 19.
HDQRS. THIRTY-EIGHTH MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,Near Cedar Creek, Va., October 22, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report relative to the part taken by this commanding in the engagement near Cedar Creek, Va., October 19, 1864:

The regiment, in accordance with orders received, was ready to move at 5 a. m. At that time heavy firing was heard to the left, and orders

---------------

*For statement in detail, see p. 134.

---------------

