
were received to occupy the breast-works in front of the camp. Shortly after the enemy were seen advancing on the left, and having gained a position on the flank we were subjected to an enfilading fire which rendered the breast-works useless. Orders were given "in retreat, march." From that time the command continued to fall back under a heavy musketry and artillery fire. At noon changed position toward the left, and about 2 p. m. took up position in second line of battle. About 3 p. m. went forward in the charge upon the enemy. At sunset gained the position left in the morning and made camp for the night.

The following is a list of casualties: One officer and 18 enlisted men wounded, 33 enlisted men prisoners, 2 enlisted men missing.

CHARLES F. ALLEN,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. HIBBERT, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 99. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Alfred Neafie, One hundred and fifty-sixth New York Infantry, of operations September 19-30.
HEADQUARTERS 156TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Near Harrisonburg, September 30, 1864.

In obedience to orders I have the honor to report the following operations of my regiment from the 19th of September to the present date: I broke camp on the advanced line on the right of Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, at Berryville, at 1 a. m. September 19, and reported with my command at headquarters Third Brigade, Second Division, at 1.30 a. m.; marched from thence to about one mile and a half beyond Opequon Creek and formed line of battle about 10.30 a. m. My regiment formed the left of the brigade line, and joined the right of the advance line of the Sixth Corps, and threw out a line of skirmishers under the command of Captain Alfred Cooley, which joined with the skirmish line of the Sixth Corps, and covering the front of my regiment. The line was immediately and warmly engaged by the enemy's skirmishers in the woods on our front. About 11 a. m. I was ordered to advance and guide on the right of the Sixth Corps, which order I executed, and in order to do so I was obliged to oblique my regiment very much to the left. The advance was made under a severe fire, across an open field of about 500 yards in width, until we came within 150 yards of the enemy, who were posted in two lines with cavalry in their rear and a battery directly in our front, when the left of my regiment plunged into a thick woods. From this point our advance was down a slope, exposing us to a terrific fire from both lines of the enemy. We still advanced until we came within thirty yards of the enemy's lines, when, finding that we had no support in our rear and the line on our left and right was giving way, we were obliged to fall back about 200 yards, where we halted, rallied the men on the colors, and opened fire on the enemy, which checked his advance. At this time I saw a line advancing to our support on our right flank, and fell back with my regiment to the woods from whence the right of the Sixth Corps had advanced. I there halted and reformed my line under a severe fire, which was vigorously returned.

