
The enemy now began to fall back, when we charged and drove him in disorder over the hill, capturing some prisoners, the enemy leaving a number of killed and wounded behind him. I halted, realigned my regiment at the edge of the woods, and gave three cheers, and then advanced about seventy-five yards to the brow of the little hill commanding their position. I then ordered my command to lie down, and opened a rapid and effective fire on the enemy's line. About this time I was notified that Colonel Jacob Sharpe, commanding Third Brigade, was wounded, and that the command of the brigade devolved upon me. I them moved the One hundred and twenty-eighth New York, under the command of Captain Anderson, to the right of the One hundred and fifty-sixth New York and on the same line, and a portion of the Thirty-eighth Massachusetts, under command of Captain Bennett, on the right of the One hundred and twenty-eighth New York (a portion of the Thirty-eighth Massachusetts, under command of Major Allen, being with the Second Brigade), and the entire line opened a vigorous fire. About 3 p. m. I saw that the line on our right was advancing at a charge, and I ordered an advance of the entire brigade line, which was executed in gallant style. The One hundred and fifty-sixth New York, Captain James J. Hoyt commanding, had expended all their cartridges, and advanced without firing a shot, driving the enemy rapidly before them capturing a number of prisoners, among them a colonel and lieutenant-colonel. The advance was continued up to the works on the top of the hill, when the line was crowded out by the advance of the troops on our right, and the brigade was halted for a short time to replenish our ammunition. The advance was continued to two miles beyond Winchester, where I reported to General Grover and went into camp for the night.

Colonel Foster having joined he assumed command of the brigade next morning, September 20; the regiment marched to Strasburg that day, and on the next day, September 21, we went into position on the hills. On the 22nd the regiment was moved to a hill in the front of the enemy's line on Fisher's Hill. My regiment occupied the extreme left of the brigade line. I was ordered to fortify the hill and hold it at all hazards. About 12 m. I was ordered to send a working

party, without arms, to fortify a hill in case the One hundred and twenty-eight New York succeeded in driving the enemy's front in. The left wing of my regiment, under command of Captain James J. Hoyt, and supported by the One hundred and seventy-sixth New York, advanced to the hill occupied by the skirmishers of the One hundred a severe fire. The rest of my regiment was subsequently sent forward under my command, where we remained until relieved by the Twenty-eighth Iowa. I then marched my regiment back, took our arms, and about 6 p. m. advanced on the left of the Second Brigade to attack the enemy, and charged them in line of battle for a distance of two miles. Since that time I have nothing of unusual importance to report. We have accompanied the brigade in all its movements to the present date.

My total loss on the 19th at Winchester was: Wounded, commissioned officers, 3; enlisted men, 88. Killed, enlisted men, 20. At Fisther's Hill, September 22: Wounded, enlisted men, 4. Total, 115.

I cannot close without expressing my appreciation of the bravery and good conduct of the officers and men of my command. To mention one of the officers would seem to impute that others did not do their whole duty, which was not the case, but I cannot close without expressing my thanks to Lieutenant M. Hasbrouck, acting quartermaster, who volunteered

