
his services and rendered me efficient aid. I retreat to state that he received a severe wound from a piece of shell during the last charge, which disabled him temporarily. I would further state that the color sergeant and four corporals were shot down under the colors, doing their duty bravely and well.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED NEAFIE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 156th New York Volunteers.

Captain CHARLES W. KENNEDY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

No. 100. Reports of Colonel David Shunk, Eight Indiana Infantry, commanding Fourth Brigade, of operations September 19-23 and October 19.
HDQRS. FOURTH BRIGADIER, SECOND DIV., 19TH ARMY CORPS,Harrisonburg, Va., September 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following operations of my command since leaving Berryville, Va., September 19, 1864, to the present date:

On the morning of the 19th instant moved from camp near Berryville, and after crossing the Opequoun took position on the extreme right of the line in rear of the First Brigade as supporting column. After a short rest, orders being given to advance, moved forward about 100 yards in rear of General Birge, and was still advancing when the left regiments were thrown into confusion by the falling back of the front line and an enfilading fire from the enemy's battery at short range. The regiment on the right (Eighth Indiana) held its position until all on the left had retired, when, to avoid being flanked, it fell back in good order, and after being rejoined by the Eighteenth Indiana, in accordance with orders took position on the right flank and held it until relieved by a portion of General Crook's command. The Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Iowa, under their respective commanders, with a part of Colonel Molineux's brigade, moved to the support of the battery stationed in the strip of woods on the left of my brigade, and gallantly repulsed the enemy, who was advancing to take the battery. The loss of those two regiments (Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Iowa) in this part of the engagement was very heavy, especially in line officers, of whom over one-half were killed or wounded. Upon the advance of the Sixth Corps, my brigade having been reformed, I moved forward on the right of the division in the advance line and so continued until we bivouacked at Winchester. The casualties during the engagement were 4 officers and 25 men killed, 12 officers and 137 men wounded, and 27 men missing; total loss, 16 officers and 189 men.*

On the morning of the 20th advanced toward Strasburg, arriving there in the afternoon, and took up position on the left, near the Shenandoah River, and bivouacked for the night in rear of General Birge. On the morning of the 21st I was ordered to the right of the pike, and on the 22nd moved still farther to the right, in the woods, and erected fortifications in rear of First Division. In the evening, in obedience to

---------------

*But see revised table, p. 115.

---------------

