
orders from General Birge, moved to the left and occupied the works erected by Colonel Macauley's brigade, where I remained about an hour, and then pushed forward after the retreating enemy. Early in the afternoon of the 22nd the Twenty-eighth Iowa was detached and sent forward as skirmishers, being under the direct orders of General Grover, and advanced to the enemy's works, passing the sharpshooters of the advance brigade. They charged the battery in their front in the face of a heavy fire, and succeed din routing the enemy, who fled precipitately by cutting their horses, loose and retreating pell-mell. This regiment, with Captain Entwistle's company, One hundred and seventy-sixth New York Volunteers, captured four pieces of artillery and followed on in the advancing column after the retreating enemy about three miles, when I ordered them back to camp to get their knapsacks, which had been left behind when ordered out in the afternoon. They rejoined the command at Woodstock the following morning. As we advanced on the pike, after the retreating enemy, our advance was fired into about four miles from Strasburg, when I formed my brigade in line of battle on the right of the pike, and moved forward until the enemy retired, when I again proceeded by the flank, and at 5 a. m. 23rd instant arrived at Woodstock and bivouacked. The casualties during the afternoon and night were 3 officers and 12 men wounded.

Great credit is flue to the officers and men of the command for their endurance and bravery in the several engagements, but I would especially mention Lieutenant Colonel B. W. Wilson, commanding Twenty-eighth Iowa, who behaved in so gallant a manner in repelling the enemy's charge on our battery at Strasburg, which resulted in its capture.

I will forward a nominal list of casualties as soon as completed.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID SHUNK,

Colonel Eighth Indiana, Commanding.

Captain JOSEPH HIBBERT, Jr.,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Second Div., Nineteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. FOURTH BRIGADIER, SECOND DIV., 19TH ARMY CORPS,Cedar Creek, Va., October 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of my command in the engagement on the 19th of October, instant:

On the evening of the 18th instant I was ordered to move forward on the following morning (19th) at 5 o'clock and occupy the works of the First and Third Brigades, who were ordered on a reconnaissance in the direction of Fisher's Hill, where the enemy were encamped. Accordingly, at that hour my command was under arms, when heavy musketry firing was heard on our left in the direction of the Eighth Corps, and I was ordered to move by the left to protect the flank, which I immediately did, my right resting near the left of the Third Brigade, the line extending diagonally across the pike, the right regiment (Eighth Indiana) supporting Battery D, First Rhode Island Artillery. In consequence of the defense fog, which existed at the time, the enemy advanced on the battery and were within a short distance of it before we could distinguish whether they were friends or foes, the more so, as we supposed them to be a portion of the Eighth Corps, and notwithstanding we received a very heavy fire from that direction we did not reply

