
to it until they charged directly on the battery. Five pieces were withdrawn successfully, and while attempting to save the last one Major Hart (of General Grover's staff), Captain William D. Watson, and Lieutenant George W. Quay (both of Eighth Indiana) were killed, and Lieutenant Colonel A. J. Kenny (commanding Eight Indiana) severely wounded. By this time the left had entirely given way and the enemy's line was on my flank and rear, when I fell back about 500 yards and took position with my line facing the pike, and held it until the enemy in large force had crossed the pike, when to avoid being cut off I again fell back, passing to the west of the stone house (General Sheridan's headquarters) to a point nearly half a mile north of it, when I halted, formed line on the left of First Brigade (General Birge's), and remained until ordered to move by right of regiments to the rear, which I did, taking position on the right of the Sixth Corps as supporting column of Second Brigade (Colonel Molineux's), where we formed a temporary breastwork of fence rails. One regiment of my command (Twenty-fourth Iowa) was here, by order of General Emory, moved to the right flank, and did not rejoin me until we moved forward and had advanced some distance. At 3.30 p. m. we assumed the offensive and advanced upon the enemy, steadily driving them from every position, until we again had possession of the campground occupied by us in the morning; here we halted. About 8 p. m., in obedience to an order from General Birge (commanding division), I moved forward to near Strasburg to support First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, and under order from General Dwught bivouacked for the night without fires, the men suffering severely for want of blankets and proper clothing to protect them from the excessive cold. On the following morning (20th) the Second Division moved up and I rejoined it with my command.

It would appear invidious to mention individual cases of gallantry during the day where all, both officers and men, did their whole duty. I can only refer to A. J. Kenny, lieutenant-colonel, commanding Eighth Indiana; W. S. Charles, lieutenant-colonel, commanding Eighteenth Indiana; J. Q. Wilds, lieutenant-colonel, commanding Twenty-fourth Iowa; B. W. Wilson, lieutenant-colonel, commanding Twenty-eighth Iowa, who were wounded early int eh engagement, while bravely leading their men against the enemy; Ira Hough, private Company E, Eighth Indiana; Richard Taylor, private, Company E, Eighteenth Indiana, who each captured a battle-flag from the enemy.

My brigade captured during the day 24 prisoners.

The casualties in my command were 28 officers and 304 enlisted men killed, wounded, and missing.*

I cannot close this report without referring to the bravery of the lamented Major Hart (of General Grover's staff), who was killed while cheering on the men in their attempt to save the last gun of Battery D, First Rhode Island Artillery. In him we have lost a noble, brave, efficient officer.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID SHUNK,

Colonel Eighth Indiana, Commanding.

Captain E. A. FISKE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., Nineteenth Army Corps.

---------------

*But see revised table, p. 134.

---------------

