
the opposite side, having driven the enemy's skirmishers across the open field, and were driving the enemy. The enemy, discovered that our right flank was unprotected, threw a heavy column of infantry, with one battery of artillery, around on our right nearly at right angles with our lines, and kept them concealed in a deep hollow. IN consequence of a flank fire from this column the first line gave back and passed through the second, when about half way across the field. This created forward steadily. When within 100 yards of

the woods the column that had been thrown around on our right opened out with musketry and canister-shot, showering the iron hail along and almost parallel with our ranks and moving down our men by the score.

As soon as the flank movement was discovered the whole line was ordered to fall back to the woods, which was done in as good order as could be expected under the circumstances. The line was reformed and advanced about one-fourth of the way across the field and halted, holding the enemy at bay until some troops could be thrown around to our right, as the enemy's lines extended nearly half a mile to the right of ours. Up to this time the Twenty-fourth had had 2 officers mortally wounded, and 2 more severely, 6 enlisted men killed, and about 30 wounded. This line was held under a most destructive artillery fire from both the front and right flank for about two hours, when General Crook camp up with the Army of West Virginia and formed on the right, relieving the most of the Fourth Brigade. Captains Rigby, Smith, and Martin, with Lieutenant Lucas, had been posted with their commands in a point of timber nearest the enemy, with orders to hold it at all hazards, and were not relieved. I had supplied them with ammunition, and when the fresh troops in making the final charge came up even with them they moved forward with the line, which drove the enemy from every position taken, until it became a perfect rout. In this last charge the Twenty-fourth lost a number of brave soldiers wounded and one killed. After the Fourth Brigade was relieved (except as above mentioned) boxes were filled up with ammunition, and it was moved tot he extreme right in order to prevent any more flank movements of the enemy, but General Averell coming in with his cavalry rendered the movement entirely unnecessary. After the enemy was entirely routed and driven pell-mell from the field the regiment was got together and marched about two miles, and went into camp near Winchester on the Front Royal pike.

Casualties during the day: Officers mortally wounded, 2; severely, 4; enlisted men killed, 9; wounded, 56; captured, 3; total, 74, a list of which is hereto appended.*

I cannot close this report without referring to Captain J. R. Gould, of Company D, and Lieutenant S. S. Dillman, of Company E, both having been mortally wounded while leading their men on in the hottest of the battle. Both were brave almost to rashness. In them the Twenty-fourth lost two valuable officers and society two valuable men.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. WRIGHT,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twenty-fourth Regiment Iowa Infty. Vols.

Colonel N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General of Iowa.

---------------

*But see revised table, p. 115.

---------------

