HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH IOWA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Camp Russell, Va., November 19, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Twenty-fourth Regiment Iowa Infantry Volunteers in the battle of Fisher's Hill, Va., on the 22nd of September, 1864:

It had been a matter of doubt in my mind as to whether the part taken by the Twenty-fourth in that engagement was entitled to a report, but having received an order from Brevet Major-General Grover, commanding division, to have it inscribed on the banner of the Twenty-fourth as one of the battles in which the regiment had been engaged, I thought proper to make the following report and forward it with the historical memoranda for 1864: The Army of the Shenandoah, after having driven Early from Winchester, Va., on the 19th, arrived at Strasburg on the evening of the 20th, and found the enemy posted in a strong position on Fisher's Hill, his line reaching from the base of the Massanutten Mountain to near the base of Little North Mountain, fronting on Strasburg, and about one mile and a half south. During the 21st continual skirmishing was going on in front, with but few casualties on either side. The Army of West Virginia, under command of General Crook, was thrown forward in the direction of Little North Maintain and near the enemy's left. The Sixth Corps, commanded by Major-General Wright, followed Crook, followed Crook, and occupied the center. The Nineteenth Corps, Brevet Major-General Emory commanding, moved in between Wright's left and the Shenandoah, the line passing through the north side of Strasburg. In this position both armies rested on their arms during the night, the pickets with hailing distance.

On the morning of the 22nd strong skirmish line were thrown out, the whole army being put in motion to the right near two miles, which threw a portion of Crook's command beyond the enemy's extreme left. The Nineteenth Corps was formed in two lines immediately in front of Fisher's Hill, the left resting on Strasburg, the Second on the extreme left, the Third Brigade (Colonel Macauley) and First Brigade (General Bridge) forming the first line. The Second Brigade (Colonel Molineux) and Fourth Brigade (Colonel Shunk) formed the second line, the Fourth Brigade being on the right. In this position we were ordered to throw up works, as they enemy could reach us with his artillery, occasional shots from which were bounding through our lines. The works were immediately commenced, and by 10 p. m. works of sufficient strength were completed to protect us from the enemy's shells, which were increasing. During this time heavy skirmishing was winding his way along the base of Little North Mountain, endeavoring to get to the enemy's rear. By 3 p. m. the enemy's skirmishers had been driven back near half a mile, and Crook was progressing finely. The Twenty-fourth was now ordered out and moved to the extreme left through a shower of the enemy's shells, having to cross an open plain immediately in front and within easy range of the enemy's guns on the hill, and took position in support of the First Maine Battery, which was keeping up a vigorous fire on the enemy's works. This position we were ordered to hold at all hazards. The Second Division, Nineteenth Corps, was moved to the left, and took position immediately in front of the enemy's works on the hill, but concealed behind a ridge from which the enemy' skirmishers had been driven during the fore part of the day. About sunset it was ascertained that Crook had been successful in getting in the rear of the enemy's left, when, at a preconcerted signal from Sheridan's headquarters, the whole line was ordered to advance at the double-quick,

