
which was done, accompanied by such yells as Sheridan's army only can give. The enemy, seeing the whole line advancing, prepared to receive the attack and opened on the lines with all the artillery that could be brought to bear, which was promptly answered by our artillery and the loud shouts of the advancing lines. Our lines pressed forward, driving the enemy from every position taken, until every rebel was either driven from the hill, killed, or captured. The victory was complete, everything that could impede their progress was left behind, guns in position and caissons with teams all ready to move. Early's army was now for the second time "skedaddling" up the Valley.

It was now dark, but we were ordered to push forward in hopes of capturing more of the fleeing enemy. the pursuit was kept up all night, arriving at Woodstock at daylight on the morning of the 23rd, where tired, hungry, and sleepy, the victorious army rested for a few hours. The night was very dark, the route to be passed one entirely strange, and the enemy, finding that he was pursued, kept out a rear guard with one piece of artillery, the only one left. The guard fired on us frequently during the night at different points, rendering the march very difficult. The Twenty-fourth was very fortunate, although at one time receiving the entire volley of the enemy's rear guard at close range.

Casualties, 1 officer severely wounded and 4 men slightly.

The officers and men all did their whole duty and were anxious to push forward.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. WRIGHT,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twenty-fourth Regiment Iowa Infty. Vols.

Colonel N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General, State of Iowa.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH IOWA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Camp Russell, Va., November 19, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Twenty-fourth Regiment Iowa Infantry Volunteers in the battle of Cedar Creek, Va., on the 19th of October, 1864:

The regiment belonged to the Fourth Brigade, Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, Brevet Major-General Emory commanding corps, Brigadier-General Grover commanding division, and Colonel Shunk, Eighth Indiana Veteran Volunteers, commanding brigade. The brigade occupied the left of the second line, which was about 200 paces in rear of the line of works occupied by the first line. The left of the brigade rested about 200 yards to the right of the pike leading from Winchester to Staunton. The works in our front were occupied by the Third Brigade, Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, with Battery D, First Rhoded Island Artillery, near the pike on the left. The regiment occupied the right center of the brigade, with the Twenty-eighth Iowa on the left. The Eighth Corps, under command of Major-General Crook, was posted on the left of the pike and about 300 paces to the front. The Sixth Corps was on the right of the Nineteenth, with its right thrown back toward Middletown about one mile. Our teams parked about one mile in the rear. The enemy was in camp at Fisher's Hill some four miles to the front. In this position we all retired to our "virtuous couches"on the evening of the 18th, not even suspecting our danger or the Yankee trick that Early was going to play on us next morning. Soon after retiring to

