
with the right of the Sixth Corps. In this position the troops were ordered to rest and throw up some temporary works. About 12 o'clock I was ordered to move the Twenty-fourth Iowa to the extreme right of the Nineteenth Corps and protect the flank. I immediately moved to the place indicated, took position, and threw out a skirmish line. In this position I remained until 3 p. m., when I received orders to call in my skirmishers and take my place in the line as it was going to advance. My skirmishers had just reported when the advance was sounded. In order to get my position in the line I had to double-quick about one mile, and during the greater part of this distance we had to pass through the fire of the enemy's guns, which overshot our advancing columns, the shells exploding in the rear. About 3.30 o'clock I got my place in the line, which steadily advanced, driving the enemy from every position taken until we reached the camp we left in the morning. Here w halted and made some coffee (those of us who were fortunate enough to have any), the first we had tasted since the evening of the 18th. We found one wounded officer there, who had hidden among the rocks during the day, and quite a number of our wounded men. Everything was taken from our camp, leaving the men and most of the officers without haversacks, blankets, or shelter-tents. At 8 p. m. the regiment moved forward with the brigade to a point near Strasburg to protect the parties that were sent out to collect the property abandoned by the enemy in his hasty retreat. There we bivouacked for the night without fires, the men suffering severely for want of blankets and proper clothing to protect them from the excessive cold. On the following morning (20th) the remainder of the Second Division came up, and we went into camp about one mile from Strasburg.

It would appear invidious to mention individual cases of gallantry during the day, when all, both men and officers, did their whole duty. I cannot close, however, without refereeing to the bravery of our lamented Colonel Wilds, who was wounded soon after daylight, and died November 18. In him we lost a noble, brave, and efficient officer. Captain Knott and Lieutenant Kurtz were wounded and captured, but both were retaken in the evening. Captain Smith and Lieutenant Davis were captured in the morning about daylight.

The loss of the regiment was: Killed - enlisted men, 7. Wounded - officers, 6; enlisted men, 39. Captured - officers, 2; enlisted men, 39. Total casualties, 93, a list of which his hereto annexed.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. WRIGHT,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twenty-fourth Iowa Infantry Volunteers.

Colonel N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General State of Iowa.

No. 102. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Bartholomew W. Wilson, Twenty-eighth Iowa Infantry, of operations September 19 and 22.
HDQRS. TWENTY-EIGHTH IOWA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Near Harrisonsburg, Va., September 26, 1864.

COLONEL: In compliance with orders from brigade headquarters, I submit the following report of the part by my regiment in the engagement near Winchester, Va., on the 19th day of September, 1864:

Early on the morning of the 19th instant I broke camp near Berryville, Va., and advanced with the rest of the brigade on the Winchester

