
pike. After crossing the Opequon we formed in line of battle, my regiment occupying the extreme left of the brigade. On receiving orders to advance I immediately moved forward, and was soon warmly engaging the enemy. The First Brigade of our division (being in advance) gave way and were pressed back through our lines, yet we moved steadily forward for about fifty yards under one of the most withering fires of shots, shell, and canister I have ever witnessed. Here I was ordered to halt. At this point the fighting was most terrific, yet, I am happy to say, none showed a disposition to either flinch from duty or fall back. We remained in this position until the right of the brigade, being pressed back, exposed my command to a severe flank fire, and I wa forced to fall back a short distance to the cover of the timber, where we rallied and drove back the enemy, who were in the act of charging one of our batteries (First Maine). We soon charged forward and took possession of our former position, where we remained until, our ammunition being expended, we were relieved by troops from Crook's command. We then obtained a fresh supply of ammunition and pressed forward to the front line again, where we remained until ordered to join the brigade in pursuit of the retreating foe. We followed them beyond Winchester. Here, night overtaking us, we lay down to rest and dream over the events of the day.

Too much cannot be said in praise of both officers and men who stood boldly forth in defense of the old flag and did their duty so nobly. Not an officer flinched nor a man gave back, except by my order. I cannot forbear making especial mention of the following officers for gallantry on the field: Captain J. W. Carr, of Company C, Was severely wounded, yet he continued to cheer the men under his command until borne from the field. Adjt. Joseph G. Strong was wounded in the early part of the engagement, had his wounds dressed on the field, and refused to leave the same, although advised to do so by surgeons, but continued to rally and cheer the men until victory was ours. He is a brave and fearless officer and worthy of promotion. First Lieutenant D. S. Dean, of Company C, was wounded, and told his own son not to leave the ranks to assist him until the rebels were whipped, and he did not until ordered to do so by me.

Casualties: Killed, 12; wounded, 53; missing, 22; total; 87.

With many respects, I remain, your obedient servant,

B. W. WILSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twenty-eighth Iowa Infantry.

Colonel D. SHUNK,

Eighth Indiana Infty., Comdg. 4th Brigadier, 2nd Div., 19th Corps.
HDQRS. TWENTY-EIGHTH IOWA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, near Harrisonsburg, Va., September 27, 1864.

COLONEL: In compliance with your request, I submit the following report of the part taken by the Twenty-eighth Iowa in the battle of Fisher's Hill, Va., on the 22nd day of September, 1864:

On the morning of the 22nd we moved forward a short distance toward the enemy, who were strongly entrenched at Fisher's Hill, a naturally strong position, a short distance above Strasburg. Some considerable maneuvering was made in the early part of the day, but we finally got a position and were ordered to fortify. We had scarcely commenced work when I received orders to report with my regiment to

