
General Grover for special duty. On reporting, I was ordered to the front line, a commanding position from which the enemy's skirmishers had just been driven. As a battery immediately preceded me, I supposed that I was there as its support. I soon had constructed a sort of entrenchment, a protection against the bullets of rebel sharpshooters. Here I remained until about 4 p. m., when I was ordered By General Grover to deploy as skirmishers on the right of the Twenty-second Iowa and to proceed as far as practicable toward the entrenched position of the enemy. We steadily toward their works to within about 300 yards, when, pouring in volley after volley with great rapidity, the enemy seemed to waver, whereupon I ordered a charge. With a prolonged shout we went after them, scaling their works, driving them in confusion before us, capturing a six-gun battery, a large quantity of ammunition, and a number of prisoners. After following them for about a mile, and heavy lines of infantry coming up, I received orders to return for the knapsacks of my regiment which had been left previous to making the charge.

I have no fault to find with either officers or men; all deserve praise; not one flinched or fled, when it seemed as though we were charging into the very jaws of death.

My loss was extremely light; I lost only five wounded in the charge.

With respect, I am, your obedient servant,

B. W. WILSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel D. SHUNK,

Eighth Infty., Comdg. 4th Brigadier, 2nd Div., 19th A. C.

No. 103. Report of Captain Albert W. Bradbury, First Maine Battery, of operations September 19-26.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MAINE BATTERY,In the Field, near Harrisonsburg, Va., September 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the recent engagements and pursuit from September 19 to September 26:

In obedience to orders, I marched with the column at 2 o'clock on the morning of the 19th. The march was urged rapidly until the enemy was discovered in position, when I halted under cover of rolling ground and awaited orders for the general advance. I had no part in the engagement until it became general, which was late in the forenoon, when the line of battle passed through the first piece of woods which separated us from the enemy's line and which was being held by our skirmishers under a brisk fire. I then advanced through the wood, moving in the rear of the First Brigade, until the opening was reached on the other side, where I brought four pieces into position upon the left of the road and opened fire upon the enemy's line, which could be seen about 800 yards distant, lining the edge of the opposite wood. These two sections were commanded by Lieutenant Morton and Show. Our troops were now heavily pressed upon the right of my position, and I moved down a section under Lieutenant Sanborn to help sustain that

