
portion of the line. I had scarcely got in battery upon the edge of the woods when the line in front of me gave way and I was left without any infantry in my front. Only one thing remained to be done. The troops must have time to reform, and I was ordered into the gap which they had left. The section galloped into position immediately, and opened a most destructive fire upon the enemy; line and upon a battery which he had just planted directly in our front. This section was now under heavy fire upon from sharpshooters, from the battery in front, and from an enfilading battery upon the right, which was concealed by a piece of woods. The lieutenant commanding the section was wounded quite early and carried from the field. But affairs did not long remain in this morning. The infantry had reformed and charged most gallantly. The enemy fled after a most obstinate resistance, and the battery, after firing its last round of ammunition, retired to procure a fresh supply. It is proper for me to state, in this connection, that when the line of infantry broke, all my caissons, which had been within easy distance, were ordered to the rear by the corps of artillery, and some delay was consequent in obtaining ammunition. The portion of the battery upon the left of the road had been engaged and under a heavy fire throughout. As soon as ammunition arrived, Lieutenant Snow's section was thrown out to where Captain Taft had placed a section in advance of our former position upon the right. As our line had continued to advance steadily, the repulse of the enemy now became a rout, and I pursued with the infantry as rapidly as the nature of the ground would permit, coming in battery at every available point and shelling the enemy wherever it was possible to do so. Fatigued with success and tired in pursuit, we gladly availed ourselves of the order to bivouac for the night near Winchester.

On the 20th we marched from Winchester to Strasburg without being engaged. Nothing of importance occurred, and upon the 21st I made some experimental firing from the heights on the left of the pike before Strasburg with one piece of artillery, with no results. On the 22nd, it having been decided to attack the enemy in his Strasburg position, my battery was placed in position upon the line of Colonel Molineaux's brigade, two pieces upon the first line, two upon the second, and two upon the night ground just in rear of the second line. The only firing was done upon the first line. Throughout the early part of the day the firing was desultory and directed mainly upon the enemy's skirmish line, which wa at times very annoying. At 12.30 p. m., a general advance having been ordered along the line, a vigorous shelling commanded and continued for half an hour, when the line advanced. As until the morning of the 23rd, when we rested at Woodstock. At 12 m. marched from Woodstock and encamped for the night near Edenburg. On the 24th the column moved at 7 a. m. and encamped for the night beyond New market. Though the enemy's rear was closely pressed, my command took no active part in the engagement. On the 25th we marched to Harrisonsburg, where we are still in camp.

Where all my subaltern officers behaved so admirably, it would be unjust to discriminate between them. Lieutenant Sanborn's position was, perhaps, the most trying, and he was wounded while gallantly working his guns under the most terrific fire of the day; I am happy to be able to state that his wound is not dangerous. My non-commissioned officers and men cannot be too highly praised for their steadiness and valor. I desire also to mention Captain Rigby, Twenty-fourth Iowa, who retired slowly and with great coolness amid much confusion,

