
and halted his men at my guns with a cheer. Upon this nucleus many men were induced to halt and reform who might otherwise have been still more demoralized.

My casualties were 2 men killed and 1 officer and 6 men wounded. I lost 5 horses killed and 3 disabled by wounds.

i am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. BRADBURY,

Captain, First Maine Battery.

Captain E. D. HALEY,

Commanding First Maine Battery.

No. 104. Report of Lieutenant John S. Snow, First Maine Battery, of operations October 19.

CAMP FIRST MAINE BATTERY,

Near Cedar Creek, Va., October 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this battery in the action of the 19th instant:

The battery was in position on the right of the pike between the First and Third Brigades. of the Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, in the front line. The battery was harnessed and hitched up agreeable to orders at 4 a. m., the cannoneers at their posts. When the enemy attacked the Eighth Corps, in position on our left and front, it was impossible to tell whether the enemy had driven them from their works boar not, by reason of the dense for a smoke. The battery did not open fire until the enemy was discovered approaching the left of our line and descending the hill toward the pike in the rear of the original position of the Eighth Corps, when the two sections on the left of the battery (commanded by Lieutenant Morton and First Sergeant Grimes) fired rapidly, using case-shot. At about the same time the enemy opened with a four-gun battery on our right and front, completely enfilading our position, several of their shells bursting between the guns of the battery. Soon after the enemy made their appearance on our left and rear, taking position on the crest of the hill on the left and running parallel with the pike, when one section (Lieutenant Morton commanding) was ordered by Major Bradburym chief of artillery, Nineteenth Army Corps, to the left and rear to check their advance. This section went into position and opened fire at short range, firing directly across the pike. This action was without any infantry support, and when the enemy made the charge to gain possession of the pike they captured one piece, with the drives, severely wounding Lieutenant Morton and Sergeant Mooney. The other four guns were still in position on the hill, firing at a column of the enemy crossing the bridge and advancing up the pike, and remained in this position until the enemy had got possession of the left of our works and were charging our position on the hill, when Major Sizer, of General Emory's staff, ordered the battery to fall back. In retreating, the battery was subjected to a severe fire from the enemy until it had passed General Sheridan's headquarters. The infantry had moved off previous to the battery leaving the hill.

