
One piece and one caisson was abandoned near the headquarters of Colonel Molineux, by reason of the horses and drives being shot. One piece was abandoned near the headquarters of the Second Division for the same reason. The drivers of the caissons, when ordered to the rear provisions to the guns leaving, mistook the order and attempted to go to the right of General Sheridan's headquarters instead of the left as ordered, and were captured in endeavoring to get to the pike. The battery returned will the infantry and took position on the left of the Sixth Corps line, when it was ordered to the left and rear, taking position on the hill on the left of the Third Brigade, Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, when the line was again reformed still farther to the left and rear. I was ordered by the chief of artillery to the rear of the line and to hold the battery in readiness for action and to advance with the infantry. When our lines advanced in the afternoon, I followed with the battery closely, but was not engaged. When we had regained our position of forming I was ordered to my old position on the hill between the First and Third Brigades, Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, where we encamped for the night.

On the morning of the 20th the battery marched to Strasburg and went into position on the right of the pike. On the 21st returned to Cedar Creek and resumed our old position. Lieutenant Haley, commanding the battery, was severely wounded in the thigh early in the engagement, but gallantly remained on the field until retreat was ordered, and got safely off the field with much difficulty and is now in hospital at Sandy Hook. I am happy to state that his wound is doing well and that he will soon rejoin his command.

Lieutenant Morton, after being wounded in the arm and leg, was being led from the field, when he was wounded again in the bowels and died immediately. I wish I could express my admiration for his many noble qualities and my sorrow at his loss. In him the service has lost one of its bravest and best officers and his brother officers a genial companion.

I desire to mention First Sergeant Grimes, Servant Oliver, and Corporals Carr and McNamara for conspicuous gallantly on the field. First Sergeant Grimes, in command of a section, remained on the hill, cheering his men until the last piece was withdrawn. I am happy to state that he has since been commissioned as second lieutenant. Sergeant Oliver, chief of piece, behaved gallantly; was twice inside the enemy's lines and escaped. Corporal Carr, in command of a piece in Lieutenant Morton's section, got his piece safely off under a terrific fire and the most trying circumstances. Corporal McNamara, after his own piece was safe, rendered great assistance in securing the remaining pieces.

In closing my report I desire to state that I was not aware of being in command of the battery by reason of Lieutenants Haley and Morton (both my seniors) having been wounded until I had taken position on the left of the Sixth Corps line.

My casualties were 1 officer and 2 men killed, 1 officer and 16 men wounded, and 8 men taken prisoners. I also lost 49 horses killed in harness.

JOHN S. SNOW,

Second Lieutenant, First Maine Battery, Commanding Battery.

Captain E. D. HALEY.

