
No. 105. Report of Major General George Crook, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the West Virginia, of operations August 10-September 18, September 19 and 22, and October 13 and 19.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Near Cedar Creek, Va., October 16, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Army of West Virginia from the 10th of August, 1864, when we broke camp near Key's Ferry, up to the battle of Winchester, September 19, 1864:

During the march from Key's Ferry to Cedar Creek and return to Charlestown, the only incidents worthy of note occurring were the following skirmishes: The day of our arrival at Cedar Creek a part of Colonel Thoburn's division (First Infantry) had a slight skirmish with the enemy, driving those still remaining on the north bank of the creek to the other side. On the 14th after a slight skirmish our line was advanced to the top of the hill overlooking Strasburg. The following day, August 15, the enemy advanced a brigade and attempted to drive in our skirmish line, but were finally repulsed by a portion of Colonel Duval's division (Second Infantry), in connection with some troops from the Sixth Army Corps. Our loss upon these occasions was 6 killed and 30 wounded.

In the skirmish at Charlestown, August 21, my command was but little engaged and the loss was very slight.

While lying in position near Halltown, three regiments from the First Brigade, Second Infantry Division, under the immediate command of Colonel R. B. Hayes, Twenty-third Ohio, Volunteer Infantry, made a reconnaissance on the right of the enemy's line, driving in his pickets, capturing some twenty prisoners, and killing and wounding about the same number. Our casualties were 3 slightly wounded. Again, on the 24th three regiments from the Second Brigade, Second Infantry Division, under the immediate command of Colonel D. D. Johnson, Fourteenth West Virginia Infantry, made a reconnaissance on the enemy's right, while two regiments from Colonel Thoburn's division made a feint in my front. This was also successful, the enemy being driven within his main line with the loss of some prisoners in addition to his killed and wounded. We lost 30 wounded. August 26, still another reconnaissance was made on the enemy's right by the whole of the Second Infantry Division. One brigade from colonel Thoburn's division was sent out at the same time in front, making a feint of attack in that direction. The enemy's skirmish line was broken through, and two brigades in position behind a line of works made of rails, logs, and earth, were completely routed. With the aid of Colonel Lowell's brigade of cavalry ninety-five prisoners were captured. in this affair our loss was 17 killed, 124 wounded, and 1 missing. The enemy's loss was severe, 11 of his dead being left on the field. Colonel I. H. Duval, Ninth West Virginia Infantry, commanding Second Infantry Division, deserves particular mention for the creditable manner in which these reconnaissance were conducted, they having all been made under his personal supervision.

September 3, my command marched from Halltown to Berryville, and went into camp near the latter place toward evening. About an hour before sunset the enemy was reported to be advancing, and driving in the pickets on the Berryville and Winchester pike. I at once

