
manner in which they handled their divisions. I regret to report that the later officer was painfully, but not dangerously, wounded during the engagement, but did not leave the field until after the battle was over and the victory won.

For the manner in which brigade commanders and other officers deserving particular mention did their duty, as they did not come under my special notice, I would respectfully refer you to the accompanying reports of division and brigade commanders.

To my whole command, officers and men, I desire to express my thanks for the efficient manner in which they performed their duty, all seeming to vie with each other in acts of gallantry, and to strive to be foremost in the assault upon the enemy.

From the following officers of my staff, who were present upon the field of battle and admits the thickets of the fight cheered the men onward and an course them by example to do their whole duty, I received invaluable assistance: Lieutenant Colonel W. C. Starr, Major E. W. Stephens, Captain W. H. Douglas, Captain H. A. Du Pont, Captain P. G. Bier, Captain H. C. Cherrington, Captain William McKinley, Lieutenant J. N. Patton, Lieutenant B. H. Moore, Lieutenant M. Watkins, and Lieutenant C. S. Roberts.

My loss in this engagement was 97 killed, 687 wounded, and 7 missing.*

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE CROOK,

Brevet Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Middle Military Division.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Near Cedar Creek, Va., October 18, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Army of West Virginia in the battle of Fisher's Hill, September 22, 1864:

On the morning of the battle I was ordered to conduct my command under cover to a point near the North Mountain, and close to the enemy's lines, for the purpose of turning his left flank. This point was near the right of the line of the Sixth Corps. About 2 p. m. I received instructions to move my troops, still unobserved, to the eastern slope of North Mountain, and to pass around the enemy's extreme left and get on his flank and rear and drive him from his works. I arrived at the base of the mountain, unseen by the enemy, by marching in ravines and through woods. There I formed my command in two columns, parallel to each other, and marched them by the right flank along the side of the mountain under cover of the woods, until more than half of the command had passed in rear of the enemy's works, when I had them faced by the left flank, forming two parallel lines of battle, the Second Division being on the right and the First Division on the left, and in this way I moved down the mountain side. We had encountered the skirmishers of the enemy some 200 yards before facing by the flank, or our presence on the side of the mountain would not have been known to them. As soon as we were discovered they opened on the woods with artillery, doing but little execution, however. When within about half a mile of their batteries the charge began with a shout. The intervening ground between us and the open country was

---------------

* But see revised table, p. 115.

---------------

