
covered with rocks, underbrush, almost impenetrable cedar thickets, and interested and broken by numerous ravines, so that by the time we arrived at the foot of the mountain and emerged from the woods our lines were completely broken, but, without halting to reform, with cheer upon cheer the charge was continued for a distance of our miles, up hill and down hill, across fields and thorough woods, after the disordered and rapidly retreating foe. On a prominent ridge, about one mile from the base of the mountain, where one of their main batteries was posted, the enemy made his most stubborn stand. Gallantly charging with irresistible impetuosity, my men soon drove them pell-mell from their position, when, abandoning their artillery and throwing away their small-arms and other incumbrance all along their lines, they fled in the utmost confusion and dismay. Here we were joined by part of General Ricketts' division, of the Sixth Corps, and the two commands uniting followed the enemy until darkness closed the pursuit, some two miles beyond their works. I did not permit any of my men to remain with the artillery, from which we had riven the enemy in our advance, so as to get credit for its capture, as I needed every man at the front to make the rout of the enemy as total and complete as possible, and not at the rear to guard captured guns.

The success of my command in this engagement, as well as at the battle of Winchester, was mainly owing to the individual bravery of the officer and men, who are entitled to great credit. Special praise is due Colonel Joseph Thoburn, First West Virginia Infantry, commanding First Division, and Colonel R. B. Hayes, Twenty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, commanding Second Division, for their coolness and gallant conduct, being always in the front line directing the movements of their men; also to Surg. J. T. Webb, Twenty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, who. not having a sufficient number of wounded to attend to, was conspicuous at the front cheering on the men. Those individual acts of bravery that did not come under my immediate notice, but which are mentioned by my subordinates, i most cheerfully indorse. To the color bearers of regiments I tender my thanks for the example they set their fellow soldiers, both in this action and at Winchester on the 19th, as the Stars and Stripes in their hands were ever to be seen waving close upon the rear of the retreating enemy and in the first line of our advancing forces.

I am personally indebted to my staff - Lieutenant Colonel W. C. Starr; Major E. W. Stephens. acting assistant inspector-general; Captain P. G. Bier, assistant adjutant-general; Captain H. C. Cherrington, provost-marshal; Lieutenant J. N. Patton, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant B. H. Moore, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant M. Watkins, acting ordnance officer, and Lieutenant C. S. Roberts, assistant commissary of musters - for their assistance to me on the field by carrying orders and for cheering the men forwarded during the thickets of the fight, and to Surg. J. M. Leete, medical director, and Captain John R. Craig, assistant quartermaster, for their attention in getting the wounded off the field.

The loss of my command in this engagement was 8 killed, 153 wounded, and 1 missing.

I have the honor to remain, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE CROOK,

Brevet Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Middle Military Division.

