
Nineteenth Corps. One brigade of the later was placed in position nearly at right angles to this division and on its extreme right; on the left of the Second Division was formed Colonel Kitching's command. The enemy attacking this line in front was at the same time turning the left flank of Colonel Kitching's command. This command commenced falling back, when the whole line apparently took it put in a good deal of disorder. In every regiment, however, a considerable number of men consented the advance of the enemy, and so delayed him until the army headquarters and other wagons were enabled to get off safely. Battery L, First Ohio Artillery, remained in position until compelled to retire, doing good execution in its retreat. The dense smoke which enveloped everywhere tended greatly to create the general confusion that prevailed. After my command was reformed, General Sheridan placed it on the left of the Sixth Corps, to be held in reserve. After the general advance was made I followed after, overtaking the other commands before they reached Cedar Creek. Captain H. A. Du Pont, with Battery B, Fifth United States, and Battery L, First Ohio Artillery, galloped forward to the skirmish line and did most admirable execution. (See Captain Du Pont's report.* The command camped for the night on the grounds occupied before. As the dense for which prevailed shut from view the operations of most of the army, I respectfully refer you to the inclosed reports of my subaltern commanders for further details of this army's operations.

My loss was as follows:

Command. 	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.	 Total.

First Division..	 13	 97	 474	 584

Second Division..	 26	 154 	 31	 211

Artillery Brigade..	 7	 17 	 28	 52

Total+..	 46	 268	 533	 874

Seven pieces of artillery, 10 caissons, 2 battery wagons, 1 forge, 4 army wagons, and 2 ambulances.

I am specially indebted to my division and other commanders and to the members of my staff for valuable services rendered on that day. Captain Du Pont, chief of artillery, and the officers and men of his batteries are deserving of particular mention for their conspicuous gallantry and the valuable services rendered that day.

I am pained to report the death of Colonel Joseph Thoburn, commanding First Division, and Captain Philip G. Bier, assistant adjutant-general on my staff. both fell mortally wounded while rallying the men. Brave, efficient, and ever conspicuous for their gallantry on the field of battle, in them the country sustained a loss not easily repaired.

I respectfully call your attention to the loss of many brave and valuable officers who fell on that day, as mentioned in the reports of my subaltern commanders. Colonel R. B. Hayes had his horse shot under him and was slightly injured.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE CROOK,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel J. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff, middle Military Division.

---------------

* P. 419.

+ But see revised table, p. 135.

---------------

