
receiving from it a fire into our left flank and rear; the enemy had also turned toward the left, and from their retreating forces we also received a scattering fire. I directed a change of front to the left, but the instincts of the soldiers prompted the proper movement before my commands could be conveyed - each man was marching and facing toward the enemy's fire. Colonel Duval's command crossed the Red Bud Run or morass at this point, and his command and my own mingled together and acted together until the pursuit was over. Colonel Harris, commanding the Third Brigade, arrived with three regiments that had been formed on our right and now came forward very nearly unbroken. After facing to the left a succession of stone walls gave excellent cover to the enemy, and from behind them we received a very severe musketry fire, and at times suffered heavily artillery, but we steadily advanced and beat back the enemy. The more advanced would take shelter behind a stone wall or such other protection as the irregularity of the surface of the land would afford; others would rush forward and take position beside these; soon a strong line would be formed and another advance made to the next stone wall or protection. After proceeding upward of mile the Nineteenth Corps came up in our rear, and from that time forward assisted in driving the enemy.

my division claims the capture of one piece of artillery and two caissons, and with the Second Division was always in the advance until we entered Winchester in triumph.

The conduct of officers and men was as a general thing deserving of the highest praise. I have never witnessed more zeal and daring than was here displayed. It is true our lines were broken and gone, but had move in such a manner as to preserve our lines the enemy would have escaped unhurt or else driven us back.

Individual acts of gallantry are too numerous to mention. I refer you to the reports of brigade and regimental commanders for details. I received invaluable assistance from Lieutenant Ballard, Macomber, Hornbook, and Rollyson, of my staff.

O lost four officers killed - Captain Thompson, Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers; Captain J. M. Ewing an Lieutenant C. B. McCollumn, of the Tenth West Virginia Volunteers, and Lieutenant Kirby, of the Eleventh West Virginia Volunteers, all good, brave officers. There were 17 officers wounded, 57 enlisted men were killed, 382 wounded, and 6 missing.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. THOBURN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain P. G. BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of West Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST INFANTRY DIVISION, ARMY OF WEST VIRGINIA,October 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I submit the following report of the part performed by the First Infantry Division at the battle of Fisher's Hill on the 22nd until mo:

The Second Brigade of my division was still on duty at Winchester, D. Wells and T. H. Harris were, with the Second Division, held in reserve

---------------

* But see revised table, p. 115.

24 R R - VOL XLIII, PT I

---------------

