
during the fore part of that day. About 2 o'clock in the afternoon were moved, under the supervision of General Crook, through woods and ravines, so as to be unobserved by the enemy, until we gained a position on the eastern slope of the Little North mountain, upon the left of the enemy's line of works. The First Division moved by the right flank in two lines and to the left of the Second Division - Colonel Well's brigade composing the first line and Colonel Harris' the second; our lines being at right angles to that of the enemy, which extended through the open field up the mountain slope to the edge of the woods, under the cover of which our troops were loving. When the left of my line had nearly passed the left of the enemy's line of works the order was given "by the left flank," and the whole command moved in two lines down the slope to the edge of the woods. A few minutes before this the enemy had discovered our position and had commenced shelling as from their works on the opposite hill. The command emerged from the woods yelling and firing, and found the enemy running from their works in disorder. A vigorous pursuit was at once made, each man apparently vying with the others who could shout the loudest and fire the fastest. The open field foe several hundred yards down the slope was interspersed with little clusters of field pines and briars, making serious obstacles to the advance of regular lines, and by the time the division had reached the foot of the lines were completely broken, and, as at the battle of Winchester, both brigades were merged into one large body of advancing soldiers, the bolder and stouter men being nearer the front, and the rear pushing cowgirl forward and shouting and hurrahing and firing after the fast receding foe. The pursuit was kept up without orders, and on the second hill we came to a pretty strong line of works that were extended rearward to the right to protect the enemy's left flank, which was carried without difficulty, and in which were captured three pieces of artillery. Fearing that we would come upon some strong fortified position of the enemy I, at this point, tried to arrest the advance of the division until the lines would be in a measure reformed and good order restored, but the bold, restive spirit of the men would not be repressed. While I would be stopping a few, other would break away, shouting and firing after the retreating enemy, so I had to abandon the idea of good order and lines and let them go ahead. On approaching the next hill, which was covered with woods, the enemy endeavored to make a more resistance, and our advance for a short time was driven back, but the rear soon closed up and General Crook, approaching at the time and cheering the men forward, a rush was made up the steep acclivity and the enemy again routed and more guns captured. At this time we were joined by the Third Division of the Sixth Corps, and throughout the remainder of the charge the men and officers of both commands mingled together in one body. The Second Division of the Army of West Virginia had previously to this mingled with the First Division. The charge was continued until the pike was reached and we advanced along the pike one mile to Round Top Mountain, when a halt was made, the enemy being then out of hearing. The command was fairly exhausted, having made a charge of five miles in length. After a half hour's cheering and congratulating the men laid down and slept without dinner, supper, or blankets, having stripped themselves before the engagement. The advance was made in rear of the enemy's works. The prisoners and guns that were captured were left for others to pick up. Two battle-flags were captured by men of my division.

