
mile to the front, with woods on each side. At this point the woods on the left terminated and the oblong field opened a wide, rolling, open country, intersected by strong stone fences. The Martinsburg pike was far in the front and on the left was the Berryville pike. Through two woods on the right of this oblong field and parallel with its length ran a deep creek and morass. The Second Division (Colonel Duval) was ordered to charge through the woods on the right of the creek. The Third Brigade (Colonel Harris) was formed in rear of the First. As Duval's division arrived abreast of our position we were ordered to charge. This order came so suddenly that I had only time to leave word for the Thirty-fourth Massachusetts to follow, leap the fence, and go on with the three regiments forming the first line. As we charged through the oblong field we met a severe enfilading fire from the woods on the left. I asked Colonel Wildes to change front with his regiment (One hundred and sixteenth Ohio) and clear the woods. The men were going forward with such enthusiasm, however, that it seemed impossible to make them understand, and I pointed out the danger to the commander of a regiment of the second line (the Tenth Virginia) following close behind. He immediately changed direction with his command, came up on our left, and was soon hotly engaged in the woods. Colonel Wildnes also succeeded in turning his regiment and went to the support of the Tenth Virginia.

Leaving this issue behind us the balance of my command, strongly re-enforced by a portion of the Third Brigade, which pressed forward with great rapidity, went on until we passed the woods on our left and came into the plain. here I saw that the enemy, driven from his first position, was forming behind a high stone wall which ran across the field in a direction at right angles with that of our advancing line. His right was about 1,000 yards from the wood, his left extending toward the Martinsburg pike. Along this line artillery was posted, and in rear of it, upon a knoll, was an earth-work with rifle-pits, in which were two guns. About 400 yards in front of this line and parallel with it was a short, low stone wall. I immediately changed front to the left and threw my men, now thoroughly exhausted by their long run, behind this wall. Soon after Colonel Wildnes came out from the woods and formed on our left; after some little interval, Colonel Harris, with the balance of his brigade and the Thirty-fourth Massachusetts, came up on our right and took position in the open field fronting the enemy's line. Beyond these Colonel Duval's regiments, struggling through the marsh, came up on the right, and still beyond were the cavalry, extending our line, broken and irregular, but still continuous to and beyond the Martinsburg pike. Here the battle hung, as it seemed to me, for hours. The artillery was playing upon our lines from three different directions, one battery being not more than 500 yards distant. the rebels had the advantage in numbers, position, and cover, and their fire seemed to increase in intensity every minute. Their right flank was, however, wholly exposed, and I was looking anxiously for the Sixth Corps to make its appearance there and held on. Colonel Thoburn came along the line and informed me that this movement was about to be made, and that General Crook desired our forces to charge the moment the flanking brigade should appear. While he was speaking the Thirty-fourth Massachusetts, on the right, impatient at their constant and increasing loss, sprang to their feet and started for the rebel battery alone; almost at the same moment the long looked for movement was made, our whole line went forward with a cheer, and the rebels were driven from the wall in utter

