
My regimental commanders - Major Kellogg, One hundred and twenty-third Ohio; Captain Teters, One hundred and sixteenth Ohio; Captain Potter, Thirty-fourth Massachusetts, and Captain Wilkie, Fifth New York Heavy Artillery Regiments - did everything in their power with their men, and performed their duties nobly throughout the day.

The members of my staff, Captain Karr and Lieutenant Disosway, conducted themselves in the most gallant manner throughout the day, and rendered very valuable service in their strenuous efforts to rally the men and keep the command together.

I have heretofore forwarded a list of casualties* in my command in the action. I inclose reports of regimental commanders.

I am, lieutenant, very truly, your obedient servant,

THOS. F. WILDES,

Lieutenant Colonel 116th Ohio Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant F. L. BALLARD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Infty. Div., Army of W. Va.

No. 110. Report of Captain Andrew Potter, Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Infantry of operations October 19.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FOURTH MASSACHUSETTS INFANTRY,Newtown, Va., October 20, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report to you the part taken by the Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Infantry in the engagement near Cedar Creek, Va., October 19, 1864.

About 4 a. m. the regiment was drawn up in line, and soon after picket-firing was heard in the direction of the line occupied by the Fifth New York Artillery. In a very short time after the enemy was seen in front of the line of breast-works occupied by the First Division, Department of West Virginia, and the regiment immediately engaged in action with the enemy, who delivered a heavy fire into our front and on our right flank opposite the position occupied by the Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania. We continued our firing until the enemy were seen inside the breast-work of the Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and also over the breast-work of the Fifth New York Heavy Artillery, vacated by the regiments being on picket duty. Thus surrounded on the right and left, receiving a fire from the right, left, and front, and the force on our right retired, the order was given to retire, and the regiment became scattered and broken. A portion of the regiment rallied on the hill near Colonel Thoburn's headquarters, and held the enemy in check until an immensely superior force appeared in our front, when the regiment fell back again, and taking the west side of the pike retreated toward Middletown. The regiment having become separated, a portion of it, under command of captain Leach, fell back to Newtown, and were then ordered on duty in town by the provost-marshal of General Sheridan's staff. The other portion of the regiment, under Captain Potter, was joined in with portions of other regiments of Crook's corps, and in the engagement near Middletown in the afternoon were in support of the batteries engaged in action. After the fight was over the

---------------

* Embodied in table, p. 134.

---------------

