
portion of the regiment under command of Captain Potter rejoined that part of it at Newtown, where the regiment is now engaged on provost and guard duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. POTTER,

Captain, Commanding Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Infantry.

Lieutenant DISOSWAY,

Aide-de-Camp, First Brigadier, First Div., Dept. of W. Va.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FOURTH MASSACHUSETTS INFANTRY,Newtown, Va., October 24, 1864.

Lieutenant DISOSWAY,

Aide-de-Camp, First Brigadier Div., Dept. of W. Va.:

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with Special Orders, No. 3, I have the honor to make the following report:

In the engagement of the 19th instant the officers of this regiment behaved themselves with credit to themselves, and after having been driven from their breast-works in the morning, succeeded in rallying their men together to very creditable extent. A portion of the Regiment having been rallied under Captain Leach was returning to the front from Newtown, when it was stopped by the provost-marshal of General Sheridan's staff and [placed] upon duty in Newtown. The remaining portion of the regiment, under Captain Potter and Lieutenant Blake, participated in the afternoon engagement. One officer, First Lieutenant L. W. Van Loan, after reaching the pike in the morning, took conveyance in an ambulance or army wagon, and did not return until the next morning. As an excuse for this act it can be said that he is troubled with sores, which unfit him for marching, and for the past four weeks, in the marching done during that time, Lieutenant Van Loan has been unable to walk and has had to ride in the saddle.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

A. POTTER,

Captain, Commanding Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Infantry.

No. 111. Report of Captain Frederick C. Wilkie, Fifth New York Heavy Artillery, of operations October 19.

CEDAR CREEK, VA., October 20, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Second Battalion, Fifth Artillery New York Volunteers, under my command in the action of the 19th instant:

The battalion went on picket on the morning of the 17th and was still upon that duty in front of First Division, Army of West Virginia, when the attack was made by the enemy on the morning of the 19th. About one hour before daylight some rebel cavalry appeared in front of the left of the lines, but being fired upon retired. That portion of the line then deployed as skirmishers. Shortly after a column of the enemy crossed the creek on the right of the line, was fired upon by the pickets posted there, also by the small reserve, but they did not return the fire. The reserve fell back in skirmishing order, but was unable to check in

