
the slightest degree the advance of the enemy. With the exception of about forty men capable of bearing arms, the whole battalion was captured. What few escaped was so much scattered as to be unable to take any further part in the action.

A list of casualties will be forwarded as soon as I able to complete it.*

Very respectfully,

F. C. WILKIE,

Captain, Comdg. Second Battalion, Fifth Artillery New York Vols.

Lieutenant I. C. DISISWAY,

Aide-de-Camp.

ADDENDA.

CEDAR CREEK, VA., October 25, 1864.

Lieutenant I. C. DISOSWAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to submit the following report of the conduct of the officers of the Second Battalion, Fifth Artillery New York volunteers, in the action of October 19, 1864:

The battalion was on pickets when the attack was made, and all taken prisoners, except a few from the right company and a few who were left in camp, being unfit for duty. The officers who escaped capture are myself, commanding battalion, lieutenant and adjutant Jacobson; Lieutenant Robbins, commanding right company, and Doctor Bowers, surgeon. What few of the men that remained were so much scattered that at no time during the day could they be made an effective organization. i myself, after vainly endeavoring to rally some of the corps on the pike and in the woods on the left, searched over the field, hoping to find some part of the battalion which i hoped had escaped, but found none, but heard that the colors and a few men were with the Thirty-fourth Massachusetts at new Town. Went there, but the men being those most unfit for duty, and the surgeon urging it, let me remain. Lieutenant Robbins succeeded in collecting about sixteen men and went into camp with them with the brigade. Adjutant Jacobson reported to Colonel Thoburn, commanding First Division, and by his orders gave his attention to the saving of the trains and went with them to Winchester. Doctor Bowers rendered assistance in the hospitals at Newtown.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. C. WILKIE,

Captain, Commanding Battalion.

No. 112. Report of Captain Wilbert B. Teters, One hundred and sixteenth Ohio Infantry, of operations October 19.
HEADQUARTERS 116TH OHIO INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Cedar Creek, Va., October 21, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to transmit you herewith a report of the part taken by my command during the battle of the 19th instant.

On the morning of the 19th my regiment held position on the left of the First Brigade in the outer line of breast-works, on the north side

---------------

* The list subsequently forwarded 4 officers and 305 men captured.

---------------

