
No. 113. Report of Major Horace Kellogg, One hundred and twenty-third Ohio Infantry, of operations October 19.
HEADQUARTERS 123RD OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Cedar Creek, Va., October 21, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the battle of the 19th instant:

We were alarmed about 4.30 o'clock in the morning by picket-firing in our immediate front. The regiment was immediately formed behind the breast-works which had been constructed by us. After remaining a short time in line we were ordered to move by the right flank and occupy the works built by the Fifth New York Heavy Artillery. We had hardly got into position before the regiments on our right were heavily engaged and were being driven back. After firing a few rounds we were ordered to move by the left flank and reoccupy our own works. We were then ordered to move again by the left flank and join the One hundred and sixteenth Ohio Infantry, which was already moving out by the left. By this time the enemy were on our right flank. We formed line of battle and retreated in as good order as possible for a distance of nearly two miles. We then reformed in rear of the Second Division of this command, and remained in line of battle for about hours. We were then ordered to move by the left flank across the pike, a distance of about half a mile. We remained in line about one hour, and was then ordered to move in line of battle through a piece of woods in our front. Finding no enemy we went into camp for the night.

A list of casualties accompanies this report, showing a loss of 12 men wounded and 11 missing, who are supposed to be captured by the enemy.

My regiment was in line of battle full half an hour before the attack was made in the morning, and retreated in as good as could be expected.

Very respectfully,

HORACE KELLOGG,

Major, Commanding 123rd Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant I. C. DISOSWAY,

Aide-de-Camp.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS 123RD OHIO INFANTRY,Cedar Creek, VA., October 23, 1864.

Lieutenant I. C. DISOSWAY,

Aide-de-Camp:

SIR: In compliance with circular of the 22nd instant, I have the honor to make the following report:

During the battle of the 19th instant the officers of this regiment, I am proud to say, behaved with bravery and did all in their power to assist in rallying the men after our lines were broken and we were compelled to fall back. Lieutenant Elmer E. Husted, in command of Company B, went to the rear as far as Winchester, where his company was on duty guarding division supply train, and returned early the next morning.

I am, respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

HORACE KELLOGG,

Major, Commanding 123rd Ohio Infantry.

25 R R - VOL XLIII, PT I

