
of a prolongation of our lines in advance, which now enjoyed the cover of the woods and in the open ground of a stone wall. The wall, however, stopped short in my immediate front, and my men could get no cover except that afforced by inequalities of the ground and by scattering rocks and trees. The enemy's artillery had now gotten my exact range and was throwing shells rapidly and with terrible effect. I was at the same time exposed to a terrible fire of musketry at good range. My command was compelled to seek shelter wherever it could be found, but nobly maintained its ground. I was here joined by Lieutenant O. P. Boughner, my acting assistant adjutant-general, who had accompanied my left through all its various changes, and from him received very valuable assistance in holding my position. I was also joined here by Colonel Duval, whose presence and counsel assured both myself and my command very greatly. With the aid of Colonel Duval and Lieutenants Boughner, Hornbook, and Ballard, and other officers, the men were encouraged to go forward singly and in squads, from one cover to another, acting as sharpshooters. This had a marked affect in slackening the enemy's fire, particularly that of his artillery. the colonel commanding now made his appearance on this part of the field, and superintended all subsequent operations. Here Colonel Duval and Lieutenant Boughner each received disabling wounds and were carried off the field. Lieutenant-Colonel Linton, commanding Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania, was severely wounded a little on my left, and had to retire. At this juncture our cavalry, which had occupied a commanding position on our right, made a most gallant charge, sweeping across the plain occupied by the enemy, dashing amongst them everywhere, routing and capturing as they went. In this charge a large number of prisoners were brought out. The enemy again attempted to rally, especially around his guns, but our lines, having taken advantage of the confusion created by the charge of our cavalry, advanced rapidly and quickly had possession of his guns and put a stop to his last show of resistance. I now collected together what I could of my command and advanced in line, throwing forward skirmishers as far as the fort on the right north of the town, when, under the direction of the general commanding, I changed my direction, swept the ridges on the western edge of the town, and advanced as far as Mill Creek, south of the town, where I bivouacked for the night.

My losses in this engagement were quite severe, as will appear from the accompanying list of casualties.* They are also very unequally proportioned amongst the different regiments, the Tenth West Virginia having suffered very nearly one half of the casualties of the brigade. This was owing to the fact that it occupied the left of my line, and was exposed to a heavy enfilading fire at close range from a wood on my left as it advanced. Here Captain Ewing, commanding Company G of the Tenth, fell; also Lieutenant McCollum, acting adjutant of the same regiment.

I have only to say tat the conduct of my command, both of officers and men, was eminently satisfactory.

I have the honor to subscribe myself, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. M. HARRIS,

Colonel Tenth West Virginia, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant F. L. BALLARD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Army of West Virginia.

---------------

* Embodied in table, p. 115.

---------------

