
ADDENDA.
HDQRS. FIFTY-FOURTH PENNSYLVANIA VOL. INFANTRY,Cedar Creek, Va., October 24, 1864.

Colonel MILTON WELLS,

Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: In compliance with your order calling for a report of the conduct of officers on the 19th instant, I have the honor to submit the following:

There were no commissioned officers of the Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry went to Winchester. Captains Davis and Long and Lieutenant Dunlap were with me throughout the entire day with the regiment. Captain Moulton and Lieutenants Rehr, Gegeby, Troutman, and McCracken were on different parts of the field with squads of men of this and other regiments of our brigade, doing service partly with the Nineteenth Corps, and joined their regiment in the afternoon and evening of the same day. This accounts for all the officers for duty in this regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN SUTER,

Captain, Comdg. Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry.

No. 117. Report of Major Henry H. Withers, Tenth West Virginia Infantry, of operations October 19.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH WEST VIRGINIA VOLUNTEERS,Cedar Creek, October 25, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor herewith to submit statement of the part taken by the Tenth West Virginia Volunteer Infantry in the late action with Confederate forces under General Early on the 19th instant.

On the morning of the 19th I was very restless from some cause, and rose much earlier in the morning than usual; had taken my seat in my tent (about fifty distant from the part of the fortifications occupied by my regiment) and commenced eating my breakfast, when I heard several shots fired in tolerably quick succession; through, however, the pickets were disturbed by some unimportant event, until I heard a volley fired apparently from the left, where the Second Division were fortified; the almost immediately I heard a volley from our part of the fortifications (the part occupied by Third brigade, First Division), when, leaving my breakfast, I ran up to the extreme right of the line, where I encountered an enfilading fire from,y left, and found the men of my regiment throwing themselves down in the trenches and hurrying into the works. On passing around outside the breast-works a short distance I found the enemy occupied the works, and the Eleventh and Fifteenth Virginia on my left apparently confused. Seeing I could not fire to the left for our own men, I ordered the right captain to bring his command out of the trenches by the right flank, and the men of the regiment, with others intermixed, began to obey the order, when from the left came an order from some one to halt. I immediately stopped the further withdrawal of the men, when Lieutenant-Colonel Hall, commanding the regiment, arrived and asked me what to do. I though

