
of the Sixth Corps, on the right of the pike,and moved with the brigade to the position on the high ground on the left of the pike, and advanced to our present position with our army in the evening.

I have in another report spoken particularly in reference to the conduct of the officer of my command.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

VAN H. BUKEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Eleventh West Virginia Volunteers.

[Lieutenant W . H. H. KING,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH WEST VIRGINIA INFANTRY VOLS.,Cedar Creek, Va., October 24, 1864.

Lieutenant W. H. H. KING,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigade, First Infantry Division:

LIEUTENANT: Being in receipt of a circular from your headquarters, directing that regimental commanders furnish a report of the conduct of their subordinate officers on the occasion of the 19th instant, I have the honor to comply with the requirements, as follows:

Major Simpson, though quite unwell, was with the command, and performed his duties throughout. Captain Cummings, Company A; Captain Clammer and Lieutenant Ferrel, Company C; Lieutenant Core, Company D; Captain Stoddard and Lieutenant Collett, Company F; Lieutenant Elkins, Company G; Lieutenant Holt, Company H; Lieutenant Lytle, Company I, and Lieutenants Poling and Riley, Company K, were all with their commands until the regiment was disorganized by being forced back with and becoming mixed with the left of the Nineteenth Corps, and all were with the command when I succeeded in assembling it again. Captain Myers, company B, was not thus with it. He says he was sick, and I found him quite sick the succeeding day (in the evening). In case of Lieutenant Park, of the same company, I have, in obedience to an order received, forwarded a special report to division headquarters. Lieutenant Levi Campbell, jr., Company D, acting adjutant, was with the command until late in the afternoon, when I permitted him, with Captain Parriott, Company H, To remain behind. They were evidently unable to proceed with the command, the former being dismounted. Captain D. R. King, Company I, had a surgeon's pass and went to Winchester. he had just returned from a sick leave, and was not yet reported for duty; nor is he so reported yet. Lieutenant Philip F. Poe, Company E, went to Winchester. I called upon him for an explanation and he states, that upon the command becoming confused he retired to the line of stragglers being halted, or near it, when an officer with colonel's uniform ordered him to take charge of some men of different commands, and with them guard a train to the rear. He went beyond Newtown, and fell in with Colonel Curtis, Twelfth West Virginia, who ordered him to the command of some sick men, whom he took to Winchester. Leaving them there, I think with the provost-marshal, he returned with Colonel Curtis to this place. Captain Stoddard, Company F, was wounded. Captain Young, Company G, with his command in the works. He afterward went to the rear, and reports that he was run over and crippled. The surgeon reports having given him a pass near Middletown. Second Lieutenant William G. McDaniel, Company G, was not with his command after it was formed in the Nineteenth Corps works, and, although I asked Captain

