
Young for it two days ago, I have as yet no explanation. Some of the absent officers named above have acted well in previous engagements. I noticed particularly the good conduct of Lieutenant McDaniel, of Company G, at Fisher's Hill. Not knowing what evidence to call upon in reference to the above facts, I can only take officers' statements. After we were driven from the works of the Nineteenth Corps, and until the command was again formed about noon, I must confess I did not know where my whole command was. To that point we were in good order, the command marching through the woods nearest the ford "by right of companies to the rear." However, in riding along the lines, front and rear, I found those officers whose names I first mentioned on several parts of the field, each with a detachment of the command. I instructed them that when they met others to keep them together, and that when two such detachments met they, too, should remain together. The officers very efficiently obeyed, and when our corps advanced in the evening I had thus succeeded in again having the most of my regiment together.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

VAN H. BUKEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

No. 119. Report of Major John W. Holliday, Fifteenth West Virginia Infantry, of operations September 3.
HDQRS. FIFTEENTH WEST VIRGINIA INFANTRY VOLS.,Summit Points, September 14, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with instructions received from headquarters Third Brigade, First Division, Department of West Virginia, requiring a report of the part taken by this command in the late action near Berryville, Va., I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 3rd instant the regiment received orders to move, and left camp near Charlestown, Va., and proceeded to Berryville and went into camp. At 5 p. m. received orders to fall in for action, and proceeded out on the Berryville and Winchester road, half a mile west of the former place, and under instructions from Lieutenant-Colonel Linton, commanding brigade, took position in line of battle immediately south of the road, and deployed Company B in front and Company K on the left flank as skirmishers. At 5.30 p. m., under orders from division commander, the regiment advanced 200 yards and eight or ten yards in rear of our skirmishers and under cover of a small ridge. Immediately after the enemy assaulted our line in front and on the left flank, and after brief but sharp contest we feel back and formed in rear of our battery on the right of the Winchester road, and remained there until 9 p. m., when General Crook ordered the regiment to report to Colonel Thoburn; but not knowing the whereabouts of the First Division we formed in rear of the Second Division, and remained under arms until daylight of the 4th instant.

We lost 4 killed (2 corporals and 2 privates), 19 wounded, and 5 missing.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. W. HOLLIDAY,

Major Fifteenth Regiment Virginia Infantry.

Lieutenant O. P. BOUGHNER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., Dept. of W. Va.

