
No. 120. Report of Colonel Milton Wells, Fifteenth Virginia Infantry, of operations October 19.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST INFANTRY DIVISION, ARMY OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cedar Creek, Va., October 25, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the Fifteenth Regiment west Virginia Infantry during the engagement of the 19th instant:

Between the hours of 5 and 6 o'clock in the morning of the action my command was in line of battle in the breast-works in front of my camp, at which time the enemy were observed approaching in force within a few rods of our works. I gave the order to fire, which was kept up until we were completely outflanked by the enemy on our left. I here lost several enlisted men killed, wounded, and captured. On falling back I reformed a portion of my command in rear of the original line of works of the Nineteenth Army Corps; said corps giving way, my command was scattered somewhat, but afterward were collected in squads, and about 12 o'clock the larger part of the command were reformed in line with other portions of the Third Brigade, the brigade being in line with Sixth and Nineteenth Army Corps, from which position we moved to the left with the Army of West Virginia as a reserve and support to a battery. About 5 p. m. we were ordered to advance, which was done in good order, but not without a loss in wounded.

The conduct of my only field officer, and a portion of the line officers, I cannot commenced very highly; but the conduct of some of them is commendable, especially that of Captain Gandy, of Company E, Captain McCaskey, of Company C, Captain Porter and Lieutenant Lazear, of Company K, and Lieutenant Powers, of Company B. The conduct of the enlisted men who were present was highly commendable.

The losses in my command were as follows: 5 enlisted men killed, 1 commissioned officer and 11 enlisted men wounded, and 1 commissioned officer and 11 enlisted men captured.

i forgot to mention among the officers who performed their faithfully on that day was Lieutenant F. G. W. Ford, Company F.

The above report I submit.

I am, yours, respectfully,

MILTON WELLS,

Colonel 15th West Virginia Infty., Comdg. Third Brigadier, First Infty. Div.

Lieutenant F. L. BALLARD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Infty. Div.,. Dept. of W. Va.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST INFANTRY DIVISION, ARMY OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cedar Creek, October 24, 1864.

COLONEL: In accordance with your own special request, I forward the following report of the conduct of the officers of the Fifteenth West Virginia Volunteer Infantry during the engagement on the 19th instant:

Between the hours of 5 and 6 o'clock of that morning I formed the command in line of battle and placed them in the breast-works in front of

