
line of works, following so closely that his second line was carried with little opposition. The cavalry on my left now came up, and with their assistance we captured 103 and about 200 stand of arms. Eleven of the enemy's dead were left on the field and fell into our hands, their loss in killed, wounded and prisoners amounting to over 300, our casualties amounting to 76 killed and wounded.

I am much indebted to Colonel R. B. Hayes, commanding First Brigade, and Colonel D. D. Johnson, commanding Second Brigade, for our success in the several reconnaissances. Being present myself, i can bear testimony as to the gallant conduct of officers and men of the command. Fir details I refer you to the accompanying reports of brigade commanders.

I greatly indebted to the members of my staff - Captain George W. Hicks, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant C. B. Hayslip, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant J. W. Overturf, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant J. C. Merrill, acting assistant quartermaster; Lieutenant F. L. Hersey, acting ordnance officer - for effective services rendered during these engagements.

The following table shows the casualties of the command:

Date.	 Killed.	 Wounded.

August 22, 1864..	 ...	 3

August 24, 1864..	 ... 	 30

August 26, 1864..	 8	 68

Total..	 8	 101

I am, sir, very respectfully,

I. H. DUVAL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain P. G. BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND INFANTRY DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Summit Point, Va., September 16, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Second Infantry Division, Army of West Virginia, in the action at Berryville, Va., September 3, 1864:

On the morning of the 3rd we moved from Charlestown, Va., with the main army, arrived and went into camp Berryville, Va., about 3 p. m. Soon after going into camp the enemy attacked and drove in our pickets. I received orders from the general commanding to move my division out on the Winchester pike, which was done without delay. I found Colonel Thoburn, commanding First Division, in line of battle about half a mile west of Berryville, his left extending across the Winchester road. I was ordered by the general commanding to form on his (Thoburn's) left, but before I could get into position the enemy advanced and drove Thoburn's left back through my lines. I found it necessary to form a portion of my lines so as to check the enemy's advance. I ordered the Fifth Virginia, Thirty-sixth Ohio, and Fourteenth Virginia Regiments into line, facing him, charging and driving him back, inflicting on him a heavy loss and capturing a number of

