
prisoners. The Ninth and Thirteenth Virginia formed on the left, charged and drove the enemy from that flank, killing and wounding many and capturing some prisoners. Having regained our lost guard, maintained this position until 8 p. m., when returned and went into camp half a mile in rear of the battle-ground, the enemy also having retired a short distance.

It would be impossible for me to give the officers and men of my command the praise and credit due them for their brave and gallant conduct on this occasion, having to form within a few yards of the rebel lines under a galling fire, showing discipline and bravery that has not been surpassed in this war.

I am much indebted to Colonel R. B. Hayes, commanding First Brigade, and Colonel D. D. Johnson, commanding Second Brigade, for our succeeds in this engagement; also to my personal staff for valuable and efficient assistance. For particulars I refer you to the accompanying reports of brigade commanders.

My casualties amount to 10 killed and 78 wounded.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

I. H. DUVAL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain P. G. BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of West Virginia.

No. 122. Reports of Colonel Rutherford B. Hayes, Twenty-third Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Division, of operations September 19 and 22 and October 19.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND INFANTRY DIVISION, ARMY OF WEST VIRGINIA, Near Cedar Creek, Va., October 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that at the battle of Opequon, September 19, 1864, the Second Infantry Division, Army of West Virginia, was commanded by Colonel Isaac H. Duval until late in the afternoon of that day, when he was disabled by a severe wound, and the did not quit the field until the defeat of the enemy was accomplished and the serious fighting ended. The division took no part in the action during the forenoon, but remained in reserve at the Opequon bridge, on the Barryville and Winchester pike. The fighting of other portions of the army had been severe, but indecisive. There were some indications as we approached the battle-field soon after noon that the forces engaged in the forenoon on the extreme had been overmatched. About 1 p. m. this division was formed on the extreme right of the infantry line of our army, the First Brigade, under my command, in advance, and the Second Brigade, Colonel D. D. Johnson commanding, about sixty yards in the rear, forming a supporting line; the right of the Second Brigade being, however, extended about 100 yards farther to the right than the First Brigade. The division was swung around some distance to the left, so as to strike the rebel line on the left flank. The rebel left was protected by field-works and a battery on the south side of Red Bud Creek. This creek was easily crossed in some places, but in others was deep, miry pool from twenty to thirty yards wide and almost impassable. The creek was not visible from any part of our line when we began to move forward, and to one probably knew of it until its banks

26 R R-VOL XLIII, PT I

