
were reached. The division moved forward at the same time with the First Division, Colonel Thoubrn, on our left, in good order and without much opposition until we unexpectedly came upon Red Bud Creek. This creek and the rough ground and tangled thicket on its banks was in easy range of grape, canister, and musketry from the rebel line. A very destructive fire was opened upon us, in the midst of which our men rushed into and over the creek. Owing to the difficulty in crossing, the rear and front lines and different regiments of the same line mingled together and reached the rebel side of the creek with lines and organizations broken; but all seemed inspired by the right spirit, and charged the rebel works pell-mell in the most determined manner. In this charged our loss was heavy, but our loss was heavy, but our success was rapid and complete. The rebel left in our front was turned and broken,and one or more pieces of artillery captured. no attempt was made after this to form lines or regiments. Officers and men went forward pushing the rebels from one position to another until the defeated enemy were routed and driven through Winchester. Twice during the afternoon the rebels reformed behind lines of earth-works and stone fences, and succeeded in temporarily checking our advance; but very opportunely the cavalry on these occasions on our left, under General -, charged in magnificent style the rebel lines and destroyed their last chance of holding the filed. This division followed the rebel rout into Winchester, being the first troops to enter the town; marched through and at dusk camped south of the town, having passed from the extreme right of the infantry line of our army to a point beyond the extreme left.

The loss of the division was as follows: First Brigade-killed, 13; wounded, 121; missing, 1; total, 135. Second Brigade-killed, 24; wounded, 167; total, 191. Total-killed, 37; wounded, 288; missing, 1. Aggregate, 326.

Among the wounded were-Colonel I. H. Duval, Ninth Virginia, commanidng division, severe; Colonel D. D. Johnson, Fourteenth Virginia, commanding Second Brigade, severe; Captain Russell Hastings, Twenty-third Ohio, acting assistant adjutant-general, First Brigade, severe; Twenty-third Ohio Volunteers, Captain John U. Hiltz, leg amputated; severe; Thirty-sixth Ohio, Captain James G. Barkner, severe; Thirty-fourth Ohio, Lieutenant James P. Donnelly, slight; Ninety-first Ohio, Captain L. A. Atkinson, Lieuts. L. K. Stroup and C. N. Hall, Adjt. J. G. D. Findley, all severe; Fifth Virginia, Lieutenant Colonel W. H. Enochs, slight; Thirteenth Virginia, Captain M. Stewart and Lieutenant L. C. Rayburn, severe; Fourteenth Virginia, Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Taggaret, severe.

I regret to have to announce that Captain Greembury Slack, Thirteenth Virginia, and Lieutenant Asa B. Carter, Thirty-fourth Ohio, were killed while bravely and efficiently discharging their duty.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. HAYES,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain P. G. BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND INFANTRY DIVISION, ARMY OF WEST VIRGINIA, Near Cedar Creek, Va., October 14, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the Second Infantry Division, Army of West Virginia, at Fisher's Hill, about 3.30 p. m. Septem-

