
ber 22, 1864, succeeded, under the personal direction of Major-General Crook, in gaining a position on the east side of North Mountain on the left and rear of the rebel works. The division was formed on the right of Colonel Thoburn, the Second Brigade in advance, supported by the First Brigade, fifteenth or twenty yards in rear. The position was hardly reached before the rebels, aware that a force was moving in the woods, began to thrown shell in or near our ranks, inflicting some injury. Our line advanced, and soon coming in sight of the rebel works, charged and captured them with a shout. The moment the rebels discovered that we had turned their left and captured a battery on that flank, they seemed to give up all hope of holding their works and fled in confusion toward the turnpike on their right. Our men followed them as rapidly as possible, sweeping everything before them for a distance along the works of perhaps three miles. The pursuit was kept up until dark, when the division was halted on the road to Woodstock farther to the front than any other infantry of the army.

The loss of the division was as follows: First Brigade-killed, 2; wounded, 27; total, 29. Total loss-killed, 7; wounded, 75; missing, 1. Aggregate, 83.

I report to have to announce that Lieutenant R. N. Hess, Fourteenth Virginia, was killed while bravely and efficiently doing his duty.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. HAYES,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain P. G. BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND INFANTRY DIVISION, ARMY OF WEST VIRGINIA, Near Cedar Creek, Va., October 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 19th instant the division under my command had about 2,381 men for Second Brigade (Ninety-first Ohio), numbering 3781, was absent guarding cattle below Middletown, and one regiment, Ninth West Virginia Volunteer Infantry, was camped near breast-works which they were throwing up about three-quarters of a mile southeast of my camp, leaving in camp only about 1,455 men. My division was camped as a reserve about a mile north from the line of breast-works, which over looks the mouth of Cedar Creek, and which were occupied by the First Division (Colonel Thubron). At early daylight we were notified by Lieutenant Ballard, acting assistant adjutant-general, of Colonel Thoburn's staff, that the enemy were already driving the First Division from their position. My command was immediately ordered under arms and soon after formed in line of battle, under the direction of Brevet Major-General Crook, Major-General Wright also being present. My right rested at a point about forty yards north of the woods on the left of the Valley pike, east of army headquarters, and my line extended northwardly, toward a brigade under command of Colonel Kitching, which was forming near my left. The line was formed and the men ordered to lie down. There was a heavy fog which concealed objects a little distance off, but firing in our front and both on our right and left flanks told plainly enough that the rebels were rapidly advancing. At this time an order was received from Major-General Wright to move

