
No. 123. Report of Colonel Rugherford B. Hayes, Twenty-third Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations August 22 and 26 and September 3.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, ARMY OF THE WEST VIRGINIA, Summit Point, W. Va., September 12, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that on the afternoon of August 22 the Twenty-third and Thirty-sixth Ohio and Fifth Virginia Regiments, of my brigade (the Thirteenth being absent on picket), left camp at Halltwon, Va., under direction of Colonel Duval and attacked the picket-line of the enemy; charged them with great vigor and drove them perhaps half a mile. Captured a number of prisoners and threw the whole line into confusion, so that an accompanying cavalry force also took a considerable number of prisoners. My loss was as follows: Wounded, Twenty-third Ohio, 2; Thirty-sixth Ohio, 1. The rebel loss was, as near as could be ascertained, about 20 killed and wounded and 20 taken prisoners.

On the 26th of August my brigade, in connection with the Second Brigade, again attacked the rebel picket-line with decided success. My loss was 3 killed and 21 wounded. This attack was similar in character to the former, but was made in greater force and with results proportionably greater. The loss of the enemy was 104 officers and men captured and about 150 killed and wounded.

On the 3rd of September, about 4.30 p.m., the First Brigade, with two regiments of the Second Brigade, engaged General Kershaws' division, of General Early's army, about half a mile from Berryville, Va., on the Winchester pike, driving them back to an intrenched position, capturing about 75 prisoners, and killing an wounding perhaps 200 of the enemy. The loss of the brigade was as follows: Twenty-third Ohio, 3 killed and 8 wounded; Thirty-sixth Ohio, 4 killed and 21 wounded; Fifth Virginia, 1 killed and 11 wounded; Thirteenth Virginia, 15 wounded. I regret the loss of two gallant officers in this action, Captains Gills and Austin, of the Twenty-third Ohio. They were both officers of great merit and died as they had lived, bravely and faithfully doing their duty. My color bearer, Privat George M. Brigade, Company B, Twenty-third Ohio, a good and brave soldier, was mortally wounded at the head of my command.

In all of these affairs the conduct of the officers and men was all that could be wished.

Recapitulation: 11 killed, 79 wounded; total, 90.

R. B. HAYES,Colonel, Commanding.

[Lieutenant C. B. HAYSLIP,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

