HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD OHIO VOLUNTEERS, Cedar Creek, Va., October 24, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to circular from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to report as follows:

The Twenty-third Regiment formed the extreme left of the brigade and division as faced by the rear rank. The regiment kept with the division, and shared in all the actions of the day [October 19] in which the division took part. I have to regret the loss of Lieutenant Lyman H. McBride, Company K, a brave, daring, and efficient officer, who was severely wounded in the side soon after crossing the pike. Lieutenant Andrew Mahan was slightly wounded in the right arm, but kept the field during the day. The Twenty-third Regiment saved one piece of artillery abandoned by the artillerists; brought off by First Sergeant Lighthiser, Company K. In the advance of the after part of the day the regiment formed the left center of the brigade in the second line.

A complete list of casualties has been forwarded. We lost 9 killed, 40 wounded, and 8 missing (who are supposed to be prisoners of war).

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. M. COMLY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twenty-third Ohio Volunteers.

Lieutenant W. S. STANLEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 126. Report of Colonel Daniel D. Johnson, Fourteenth West Virginia Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations August 24 and 26 and September 3.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, ARMY OF WEST VIRGINIA, Near Barryville, Va., September 5, 1864.

SIR: At 11 a. m. August 24, 1864, while occupying an intrenched position near Halltown, Va., I was ordered to make a reconnaissance upon the enemy's right. I accordingly formed the brigade and moved about three-quarters of a mile south of my works, halted, and formed the brigade in column of regiments. Soon I received orders to advance directly west. I at once ordered the brigade forward, and after passing through a narrow strip of woods I deployed the two rear regiments to the right and formed them upon the two front regiments, thus forming two lines of battle, the Thirty-fourth and Ninety-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry forming the first and the Ninth and Fourteenth West Virginia Volunteers Infantry forming the second line of battle. The brigade advanced with alacrity, driving the enemy's skirmish line and its supports until we encountered the enemy until I received orders to withdraw the brigade, which was done in good order.

At 4 p. m. on the 26th day of August I received orders to make another reconnaissance, and moved the brigade over the same ground that I passed over on the 24th, the Ninth and Fourteenth West Virginia Volunteer Infantry forming the first and the Ninety-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry forming the first and the Ninety-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry forming the second line of battle, the Thirty-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry being on picket duty at the time. The First Brigade (Colonel Hayes) was on my left. The troops advanced with great

