
Volunteers, when I received orders to send it in on the right of the First Brigade, thus placing the First Brigade between the only two regiments I had engaged, the Thirty-fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry being held in reserve in obedience to an order from department headquarters, through Major Stephens.

The two regiments engaged-the Fourteenth and Ninth West Virginia Volunteer Infantry-performed the parts allotted to them with distinguished credit and great bravery. Great credit is due their respective commander for the courageous and efficient manner in which they handled their regiments.

My personal staff rendered efficient service during the engagement. For particulars I have the honor to refer you to the accompanying reports of regimental commanders.

My casualties were 2 killed and 23 wounded.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. D. JOHNSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant C. B. HAYSLIP,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Infty. Div., Dept. of W. Va.

No. 127. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin F. Coates, Ninety-first Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations October 19.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND INFANTRY DIVISION, ARMY OF WEST VIRGINIA, Cedar Creek, Va., October 24, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Second Brigade, Second Infantry Division, Army of West Virginia, in the battle of Cedar Creek, October 19, 1864.

The Ninth Regiment West Virginia Volunteer Infantry, commanded by Captain Carroll, having been at work on the fortifications on the left of the line of works, and about one mile and a half from camp,on the previous day, had remained in that locality over night for the purpose of finishing their works in the morning. The Thirty-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, except about forty men, were on picket, with Lieutenant-Colonel Furney, commandant of that regiment, on duty as division officer of the day. The Ninety-first Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Major Cadot commanding, were on duty guarding cattle near Middletown, Va., leaving only one regiment, the Fourteenth West Virginia Infantry, Major Moore commanding, and the forty men of the Thirty-fourth Ohio in camp. About 4.30 a. m. a messenger from Captain Carroll informed me that brisk skirmishing was going on in his front. I immediately had the camp aroused and the troops of my command under arms. About this time I received orders from Colonel Hayes, commanding Second Division, to form my brigade on the crest of the hill in camp and on the right of the First Brigade, fronting toward the Shenandoah River. Before this was accomplished the enemy had broken the lines of the First Division in our front and were depressing them back, and were already firing into our line of battle. The enemy soon made their appearance in overpowering numbers on our right and front, and our seder line was compelled to fall back in con-

