
fusion a distance of there miles, when they were collected together and moved to the support of a battery on the left of the Winchester pike, from whence they were marched in good order back to the ground on which they had camped the previous night, and went into camp.

The conduct of Captain Carroll, commanding Ninth Regiment West Virginia Volunteer Infantry, is worthy of especial commendation, he having kept his regiment together under the most unfavorable circumstances (being at the time of the attack separated from the brigade). Lieutenant-Colonel Furney, Thirty-fourth Ohio, being officer of the day, was not seen after visiting the picket-line in the morning. The reports of regimental commanders are herewith transmitted.

The casualties of the brigade were as follows: Killed, 3 enlisted men; wounded, 6 commissioned officers and 46 enlisted men; missing, 2 commissioned officers and 29 men.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. COATES,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Infty. Div., Army of W. Va.

Lieutenant C. B. HAYSLIP,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Army of W. Va.

No. 128. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin F. Coates, Ninety-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the reconnaissance resulting in an engagement near Charlestown, Va., on the 24th instant.

The regiment was deployed in line of battle on the left of the Thirty-fourth Ohio and in front of the Fourteenth Virginia. After advancing one man from each company as skirmishers the regiment moved forward in line of battle parallel with the skirmish line of the enemy, and at a distance of 200 yards encountered it and drove it back to a supporting line, which also was driven for a distance of 200 yards, when by order the regiment changed front to the right and again moved forward until the enemy was encountered in force. At this point the regiment received a severe fire from the front as well as an enfilading fire from the right, and by order fell back in good order over the ground on which it advanced to the camp.

The loss of the regiment in this affair was 12 wounded.

Every officer and man of the regiment deported himself in this engagement to my entire satisfaction. To Major Cadot especial commendation is due for his efficient service on the field.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. G. COATES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. H. LAWHEAD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., Dept. of W. Va.

