
No. 129. Reports of Major Lemuel Z. Cadot, Ninety-first Ohio Infantry, of operations September 19 and 22 and October 19.
HDQRS. NINETY-FIRST REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFANTRY, Harrisonburg, Va., September 26, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Ninety-first Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the battle of Winchester, Va., September 19, 1864.

The regiment was under command of Lieutenant Colonel B. F. Coates, being which formed the second line. Was ordered to move forward, three companies being deployed as skirmishers, to protect the right flank. After advancing about 1,000 yards the regiment came under the fire of the enemy, but continuing to press forward, passing through a cornfield, took cover behind the fence beyond. In consequence of Colonel Johnson, commanding brigade, being wounded, the command of the brigade about this time developed upon Lieutenant-Colonel Coates and that of the regiment upon me. I was now ordered to charge the enemy and take possession of a ravine in front, which was accomplished under a severe fire, the enemy retiring to a second position. By order the regiment again moved forward and gained the crest of a little hill in front, driving the enemy from his second to his third line of defense. This I was ordered to take, and, after a desperate struggle, succeeded in totally routing the enemy. We then rested a short time, and by order pursued the enemy through the two of Winchester, after which we encamped for the night.

The conduct of the officers and men of the regiment during the engagement was highly satisfactory.

The loss of the regiment in this engagement was 11 enlisted men killed and 5 commissioned officers and 90 enlisted men wounded.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,L. Z. CADOT,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. H. LAWHEAD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. NINETY-FIRST REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFANTRY, Harrisonburg, Va., September 26, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Ninety-first Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the battle of Fisher's Hill, Va., September 22, 1864:

The line of battle was formed on a steep hill-side confronting the enemy's left flank, this regiment forming the right center of the Second Brigade, which was in the front line. Before we were entirely formed, the enemy discovering the movement, commenced shelling us from their batteries, but I was soon ordered by Lieutenant-Colonel Coates, commanding brigade, to move the regiment forward. This order I had scarcely passed along the line till the whole column commenced moving furiously upon the enemy's works. The men advanced with a will, but few orders were necessary. The enemy were soon dispersed and our men pressed him continually for a distance of three miles, when night

