
overtook us and we were ordered to halt. This regiment participated gallantly in capturing a large number of prisoners and seven pieces of artillery.

Great praise is due the officers and men for the determined spirit with which they assaulted every position of the enemy.

The loss of the regiment is 15 men wounded and 1 missing.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. Z. CADOT,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. H. LAWHEAD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. NINETY-FIRST REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFANTRY, Cedar Creek, Va., October 22, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part performed by the Ninety-first Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the battle of Cedar Creek, Va., October 19, 1864.

The regiment was on duty as cattle guard near Middletown when the battle commended, it having been detailed for that purpose some days previous. Soon after the firing commenced at the front the enemy's cavalry attacked a train passing to the rear, near Middletown. Fearing that the enemy had got between us and our army, I deemed it necessary to move the herd to place of safety in the rear. Accordingly started, sending some men at the same time to assist in driving the enemy from the train. Colonel Forsyth, of General Sheridan's staff, to stop stragglers and bring them to the front. I left two companies (A and F) in charge of the the herd, with orders, as directed by Colonel Forsyth, to move it to Winchester, deploying the regiment on each side of the road. I then moved toward the front, gathering up all armed men I could find who were able for duty, and arrived on the battle-ground about 8 p. m. The regiment was not under fire except a few shots from the enemy's cavalry in the morning, and no casualties occurred.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,L. Z. CADOT,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant A. F. KENDALL,

Aide-de-Camp, Second Brigade.

No. 130. Report of Captain Henry A. Du Pont, Fifth U. S. Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade, of operations October 19.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY BRIGADE, ARMY OF WEST VIRGINIA, Camp near Cedar Creek, Va., October 31, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by the artillery in the battle of Cedar Creek, on the 19th instant:

On the morning of that day the batteries were posted as follows: Batteries B, Fifth U. S. Artillery (six 3-inch rifled guns), First Lieutenant Henry F. Brewerton commanding, and D, First Pennsylvania Artillery (six 10-pounder Parrott guns), First Lieutenant William Munk commanding,

