
The casualties during the day in the artillery were 52-7 killed, 17 wounded, and 28 missing. Out of twelve commissioned officers present for duty at the opening of the battle, six were either killed, wounded, or taken prisoners.

I have to lament the loss of Second Lieutl. Samuel D. Southworth, Second U. S. Artillery, serving with Battery B, Fifth U. S. Artillery, who was killed early in the action near the rear of the column, while withdrawing the guns of the battery. Lieutenant Southworth was one of zealous, and brave, beloved and respected by all who knew him. His loss in one which it will be hard to replace. Among the losses in prisoners were Surg. I. D. Knight, U. S. Volunteers, senior medical officer, subsequently released by the enemy in their flight, Captain James Gilliss, assistant quartermaster, First Lieutenant Henry F. Brewerton, Fifth U. S. Artillery, commanding Battery B, Fifth U. S. Artillery, and Second Lieutenant James Boyle, Battery D, First Pennsylvania Artillery, who was knocked down close to the guns with a clubbed musket while in the act of sobering a rebel.

Captain F. C. Gibbs, commanding Battery L, First Ohio Artillery, was the only officer wounded. He was struck just before dark by a piece of the last shell fired by the enemy, after being conspicuous throughout the whole day for efficiency and gallantry. I desire to particularly call attention to the coolness and bravery evinced under the most trying circumstances of First Lieutenant Henry F. Brewerton, commanding Battery B, Fifth U. S. Artillery. He succeeded in getting five of his six pieces off almost miraculously, and deserves the greatest credit in theirs connection.

I cannot speak too highly of the good conduct and courage displayed by all the officers and the enlisted men in general throughout the whole action. To the obstinacy and determination with which they stuck by their guns to the the last moment are to be attributed the heavy losses in Battery D, First Pennsylvania Artillery. Battery L, First Ohio Artillery, came under my immediate notice during the whole day and behaved admirably at all times.

To the non-commissioned officers and privates of Battery B, Fifth U. S. Artillery, a special tribute is due for the coolness, steadiness, and unflinching bravery which they displayed throughout, and specially heavy fire and in the early part of the action in harnessing and hitching under a heavy fire and int the extricating of the battery and the saving of the greater part of its material when almost within the enemy's line. For further details I beg leave to refer you to the accompanying reports of the batteries.

The total losses in material during the day were: 7 guns, 10 caissons, 2 battery wagons, 1 forge, 3 army wagons, 1 ambulance, 21 sets of artillery harness for two horses, 45 artillery horses and 18 mules. About two-thirds of the animals were killed. All the guns except one, with most of the caissons, &amp;c., were recaptured at the close of the action.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. A. DU PONT,

Captain, Fifth U. S. Artg., Chief of Artillery, Army of W. Va.

Captain WILLIAM Mckinley, Jr.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of West Virginia.

