
and receiving from them a severe fire of shell. The battery was soon silenced and the enemy gave way from behind a stone wall on the north side of a plowed field (the battery we had silenced being on the south side), when we poured a concentrated fire into them for some minutes until they disappeared. Captain Du Pont then ordered me to limber up and forward on the trot. We came up to the skirmish line, and I was ordered into position on the west side of the pike on a crest overlooking the south bank of Cedar Creek, and opened on a battery which was annoying our troops terribly; it was soon silenced. We then turned our attention to the mass of men, horses, artillery, and baggage wagons of the enemy who were crowding the pike in confusion in their efforts to get away, until we had fired away our last shot in the limberchest.

I was ably seconded by Lieutenant H. F. Guthrie, of my battery, while the non-commissioned officers and privates could not be surpasses in gallantry and courage under the very severe fire we were frequently under. I had eight men wounded, three mortally. I was myself severely wounded in the foot by a piece of shell by the last round the enemy fired, and had a horse shot under me in the morning. Eleven horses were killed.

I fired 261 rounds of fixed ammunition; went into position twelve times; fried my first shot at daybreak, my last at dark.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

F. C. GIBBS,

Captain, Commanding L Battery, First Ohio Light Artillery.

Lieutenant LEM. EVANS,

Adjutant Artillery Brigade, Department of West Virginia.

No. 132. Report of Lieutenant William Munk, Battery D, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery, of operations October 19.

HDQRS. BATTY. D, FIRST PENN. RESERVE LIGHT ARMY., Camp near Cedar Creek, Va., October 25, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to your request for a report of the part my battery took while engaged in the action of the 19th instant I have the honor to advise you as follows, viz:

On the 16th of October, 1864, Captain H. A. Du Pont, chief of artillery, ordered my battery to take up a position on the hill to the left of Cedar Creek bridge, the place then held and being entrenched by the brigade of infantry commanded by Colonel Harris. After having placed my battery in the position indicated I was ordered by Captain H. A. Du Pont, chief of artillery, to intrench my guns and send my caissons and horses to the foot of the hill under cover in rear of and some sixty yards distant from the pieces. This was accordingly done the enemy attack our position. On the morning of the 19th of October 1864, at reveille, as was then the custom, my cannoneers went to their posts at the guns; presently several musket shots were heard in the direction of my front. This was the only intimation of an enemy near at hand, until they were discerned advancing in line of battle not twenty yards distant from my battery. I immediately opened fire on them with canister, firing some

