
fifteen rounds, when the infantry supports on my left offering but little resistance the enemy were enabled to reach the inside of the works, and after firing one volley charged the battery with fixed bayonets, and with clubbed muskets drove the cannoneers from the pieces. When the guns were captured I ran to the foot of the hill and ordered the drivers to harness up their horses and hitch to the caissons, but being under a sharp fire of musketry, and having many recruits not accustomed to harnessing up, under those circumstances I was unable to get but three of them away.

In the action I lost 6 men killed, 6 men wounded, 17 enlisted men and 1 first lieutenant missing; 6 pieces, with limbers complete, 3 caissons, 11 artillery horses, 1 battery wagon, with all its contents, 1 battery forge, with all its contents, 3 army wagons, 18 mules, 10 sets artillery lead harness, 3 sets artillery wheel harness captured.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

WILLIAM MUNK,

First Lieutenant, Comdg. Batty, D, First Penn. Reserve Light Artg.

Captain DU PONT,

Chief of Artillery.

No. 133. Report of Captain Henry A. Du Pont, Battery B, Fifth U. S. Artillery, of operations October 19.

CAMP OF BATTERY B, FIFTH U. S. ARTILLERY, Near Cedar Creek, Va., October 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In the absence of all the officers on duty with Battery B, Fifth U. S. Artillery, on the morning of the 19th instant, killed or captured by the enemy in the engagement of that date at Cedar Creek, Va., I respectfully transmit the following report of the part taken by this battery on that occasion, in addition to my report of the artillery as a whole:

The battery (six 3-inch rifled ordnance guns) was in position on the extreme right of the line, behind earth-works, on the crest of a steep ridge to the left of the pike rising abruptly from the banks of Cedar Creek. Behind this ridge and parallel to it is a second one, which commands it somewhat; this was not occupied by troops. In the ravine between these ridges, about 120 yards from the battery, was the camp, with the caissons, horses, harnesses, battery wagon and forge, and the train. Upon the sudden attack of the enemy before daylight on the morning of the 19th First Lieutenant Henry F. Brewerton, Fifth U. S. Artillery, who was in command of the battery, had the men all ready and on the alert, and immediately ordered the guns to be loaded with canister; but the enemy not attacking on his front, but some 300 yards to his left, I ordered him to fire some shots, if possible, toward the point of attack. He succeeded in getting a few shots in that direction form the two pieces of his center section. The infantry on the left, then breaking and abandoning their works (which were at once occupied by the enemy), Lieutenant Brewerton turned t he two pieces of his left section upon them (now within the works), and fired at them with canister until they had advanced to within twenty-five paces of his guns, when he ceased firing and ran the pieces by hand down the hill to the caissons. The limber he was compelled to leave. The infantry fell back

