
The casualties during the day were 1 commissioned officer (Lieutenant Southworth) killed, 1 commissioned officer (Lieutenant Brewerton) taken prisoner, 2 enlisted men wounded 6 taken prisoners, and 1 missing.

The battery lost 1 gun and 6 caissons, battery wagon, and 7 sets of harness for two horses. The battery wagon, 3 caissons, with the rear part of a fourth were recaptured at the close of the day. The total loss in horses was 25-10 killed, 2 wounded, and 13 captured by the enemy. Two hundred and and forty-five rounds of ammunition were expended by the battery during the day.

In conclusion, I would respectfully call attention to the coolness and gallantry evinced under the most trying circumstances by the officers with the battery at the commencement of the engagement-First Lieutenant Henry F. Brewerton, Fifth U. S. Artillery, and Second Lieutenant Samuel D. Southworth, Second U. S. Artillery-as well as to the zeal, courage, and splendid conduct of all the non-commissioned officer of the battery without exception. I would particularly mention First Sergt. James A. Webb, in charge of the caissons and horses at the moment of the attack; Quartermaster-

Sergt. Robert Sauthoff; Sergt. Charles R. Rogers, stable-sergeant of the battery; Sergt. Willard A Petrie, and Corporal of ordnance Michael Kelly. The steadiness and brave conduct of the enlisted men in general could not be excelled. I would specially name Privates James Scott, John Daines, Joseph S. Kingsbury, L. H. Grow, Eugene Marker, Alonzo Tompkins, Peter Riley, Edward G. Weaver, Edgar H. Stone, William J. Shellenbarger, William S. Saford, and Wagoner Michael A. Schadt.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. A. DU PONT,

Captain Fifth U. S. Artillery, Commanding Battery B, Chief of Artillery, Army of West Virginia.

[Captain R. P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

No. 134. Reports of Brevet Major General Alfred T. A. Torbert, U. S. Army, Chief of Cavalry, of operations August 8-October 31, November 12, and November 21-23.

HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, [November -, 1864.]

SIR: On the night of the 30th of July, 1864, I received an order to march the First Division of Cavalry, which I was then commanding, and which was at that time encamped near Lee's Mill, Prince George County, Va., to City Point, for the purpose of embarking it for Washington, D. C. The division moved according to orders, and commenced to embark on the night of the 9th of August following. On my arrival at Harper's Ferry, Va., on the afternoon of the 8th of August i reported in person at once to Major-General Sheridan, who was then commanding the Middle Military Division, and was appointed chief of cavalry for that division, which command consisted (organized troops for the field) of the First Division of Cavalry of the Army of the Potomac, General Merritt commanding; Second Division West Virginia Cavalry, General Averell

