
with the enemy. Arriving at Cedar Creek, on the Valley pike, the Third Brigade (Colonel Lowell) drove the enemy's skirmishers across and advanced to the other side and held this position until relieved by our infantry during the same afternoon. The command then went into position as follows for the night: The First Brigade (Brigadier-General Custer) on the left of the pike, picketing the Shenandoah River and watching the left; the Third and Reserve Brigades on the right of the pike, picketing Cedar (Brevet Brigadier-General Devin) arrival from the Back road and went into camp on the left of the Valley pike in rear of the First Brigade.

On the 13th the First, Second, Third, and Reserve Brigades moved to the right, crossing Cedar Creek about a mile from the Valley pike, and moved in the direction of Strasburg in two columns. After remaining in front of Strasburg in rear of the infantry skirmish line short time the command recrossed Cedar Creek and went into its formed position. At daylight on the 14th the Second Brigade moved off to the left onto the Front Royal and Winchester pike, at Cedarville, about seven miles, and two miles from the Shenandoah River, for the purpose of watching the Luray Valley. The same day the Third Brigade (Colonel Lowell) moved off to the right of the Back road, where it crossed Cedar Creek.

On the 15th Brigadier-General Duffie reported to me with his division, about 900 strong, and was ordered to Berryville. Brigadier-General Averell also reported the arrival of his division at Martinsburg, and was ordered to remain there until further orders. On the morning of the 15th Brigadier-General Merritt, with the First and Reserve Brigades, moved over the Front Royal and Winchester pike, posting the Reserve Brigade at Stony Point, about three miles north of Cedarville, and the First Brigade at Cedarville. One regiment of the Third Brigade was left at the crossing of Cedar Creek, on the Valley pike. On the afternoon of the 15th [16th] the pickets of the First and Second Brigades were attacked near the Shenandoah River by two brigades of infantry of Kershaw's division and Wickham's brigade of cavalry, supported by three pieces of artillery. Brigadier-General Merritt moved out with the First and Second Brigades to meet the attack, and, after a severe engagement, totally routed the enemy and drove them back across the Shenandoah River, killing and wounding about 300 men, capturing nearly 300 prisoners and 2 infantry battle-flags, with a loss on our side of but 60 men. Too much praise cannot be given to Brigadier-Generals Merritt, Custer, and Brevet Brigadier-General Devin for their good judgement and gallantry displayed two brigades of infantry and one of cavalry, with a loss on or side of but sixty men. Orders were insured this day for one of side of but sixty men. Orders were [17th], in the direction of Winchester and Berryville, with directions to drive off all stock and destroy all forage they were not able to use up as far as the Millwood and Winchester pike.

On the morning of the 16th [17th] the First Division of Cavalry (Brigadier-General Merritt) fell back, moving in five separate columns, the First, Reserve, and Second Brigades concentrating at Berryville, the Third Brigade at Winchester. About 11 a. m. this day, the 16th [17th], Brigadier-General Wilson, with the Third Division of Cavalry from the Army of Potomac, reported to me at Winchester, having been ordered from the Army of the Potomac via Washington and Ashby's Gap. The infantry having left Winchester that morning, and being ordered to cover the rear, I placed Brigadier-General Wilson's division (the Third)

