
On the morning of the 27th the Third Division (Brigadier-General Wilson) was ordered to Sharpsburg, Md. The same day I went to Hagerstown, Md., to visit the Second Division West Virginia Cavalry (Brigadier-General Averell). The next day (28th) Brigadier-Generals Averell's division was ordered to cross the Potomac River at Williamsport Ford, and move on Martinsburg, Va., the Third Division (Brigadier-General Wilson) to cross at Shepherdstown Ford and the First Brigade, First Division (Brigadier-General Custer), to cross at Harper's Ferry, Va. The First Division (Brigadier-General Merritt) moved out in the direction of Leetown, Va., where it met the enemy's cavalry in force, and gallantly drove them with the saber though Smithfield and across the Opequon Creek, a distance of five miles; the Third Division (Brigadier-General Wilson) moved from Shepherdstown to Charlestown, Va., where it took position on the left of the army.

On the 29th the First Division (Brigadier-General Merritt) was attacked by the enemy in strong force and driven back about a mile, when they were relieved by the Third Division, Sixth Crops, who turned and drove the enemy across the Opequon Creek. the First Division (Brigadier-General Merritt) then went into camp on the Smithfield and Charlestown pike. On this day I have to regret the loss of Surgeon Rulison, my medical director, who was killed by my side, by being shot by a minie-ball.

On the 30th the First and Third Divisions (Brigadier-Generals Merritt and Wilson) concentrated at Berryville, Va., the first Division (Brigadier-General Merritt) moving across country to the Summit Point and Berryville pike, the Third Division (Brigadier-General Wilson) moving down the Winchester and Berryville pike. On the 31st of August and 1st of September the cavalry remained in the same position, in the vicinity of Berryville, as on the 30th of August.

On the morning of the 2nd of September the cavalry moved back to Charlostown, Va., in two columns, the First Division (Brigadier-General Mirritt) via the Charlestown and Berryville pike and the Third Division (Brigadier-General Wilson) via Kabletwon. At 5 p. m. same day the First and Third Divisions (Brigadier-Generals Merritt and Wilson) moved to Berryville by the Winchester and Berryville pike. The next morning (the 3rd) at daylight both divisions moved, via Millwood and White Post, to the Front Royal pike, with the expectation of drawing the enemy's cavalry from their infantry lines by threatening their communications on the Valley pike. No opposition was made to this advance. On the 4th the cavalry was ordered back to Berryville, moving back in two columns. Arriving near Berryville, moving back in two columns. Arriving near Berryville, the advance of the First Division (Brigadier-General Merritt) was opposed by the enemy's cavalry. They were immediately driven back, when the First Division (Brigadier-General Merritt) changed front on the Berryville and Snickersville pike, thus making connection with the Third Division (Brigadier-General Wilson), which was marching on our right, and also connecting with the left of the army. On the same afternoon the First Brigade, Firs Division (Brigadier-General Custer), was moved to the right of the army, joining the Third Brigade, First Division (Colonel Lowell), in the vicinity of Summit Point. On the 5th the balance of the First Division (Brigadier-General Merritt) was moved to the right of the army. The cavalry remained in the following positions from the 5th of September to the 19th of September: The Third Division (Brigadier-General Wilson) covering the country from Snicker's Gap to the Opequon Creek, on the Berryville and Winchester pike; the First Division (Brigadier-General Merritt) covering the country from the lat-

