
marched to Bridgewater on the North River. Left the Third Division (Brigadier-General Wilson) in position there and sent the Reserve Brigade (Colonel Lowell) of the First Division to join its division in the neighborhood of Cross Keys. In the meantime the First Division (Brigadier-General Merritt) and the Second Division West Virginia Cavalry (Colonel Powell) were operating in the vicinity of Brewn's Gap and Piedmont. On the 30th the Second Division West Virginia Cavalry (Colonel Powell) was withdrawn from the vicinity of Brown's Gap and Piedmont. On the 30th the Second Division West Virginia to Harrisonburg, Va. One brigade of the Third Division was ordered on the Valley pike, crossing the North River. On the same day Brigadier-General Custer was relieved from the command of the Third Division and ordered to report for duty to Major-General Sherman. Brigadier-General Custer was relieved from the command of the Second Division West Virginia Cavalry and placed in command of the Third Division, Colonel Powell, First Virginia Cavalry, being placed in command of the Second Division West Virginia Cavalry. On the next day (October 1) the Second Division West Virginia Cavalry (Colonel Powell) was ordered down the Luray Valley, to take position at Luray and watch the country in that vicinity. On October 2 the First and Third Divisions of Cavalry (Brigadier-Generals Merritt and Custer) were disposed on the line of the North River, about seven miles in front of the army. About 2 p. m. the enemy made a reconnaissance in force with infantry, artillery, and cavalry, and attempted to cross the river, but were prevented from doing so by the cavalry alone. October 3, 4, and 5 the cavalry remained somewhat in the same position, sending reconnaissances to Swift Run and Brown's Gap, and all the time West Virginia Cavalry, under command of Major Farabee, First Virginia Cavalry, were sent from Luray to destroy the railroad bridge over the Rapidan River; to proceed from there to Culpeper, and thence by Sperryville to Luray. He completely destroyed the bridge. Much credit is due to the officer in command for the prompt and energetic manner in which he carried out his instructions. October 6, the First and Third Divisions of Cavalry (Brigadier-Generals Merritt and Custer) followed the army down the Valley, the First Division (Brigadier-General Merritt) taking the Middle road and stopping for the night at Timberville, the Third Division (Brigadier-General Custer) taking the Back road, and camping for the night in the neighborhood of -- and Brock's Gap. The enemy made an attack at this point, but were handsomely repulsed. One brigade of Second Division West Virginia Cavalry came from Luray through New Marked Gap and returned same right to luray. October 7, the First Division (Brigadier-General Merritt) continued its march on the Middle road and came into the Valley at Edenburg, and camped for the night about two miles south of Voodstock; the Third Division (Brigadier-General Custer) continued its march on the Back road and camped in the vicinity of Columbia Furnace for the night; the rear guard of this column was fighting all day; the Second Division West Virginia Cavalry (Colonel Powell) marched from Luray down Luray Valley to Mildford Creek. October 8, the First Division (Brigadier-General Merritt) continued its march on the Valley pike and stopped on Brook Creek [Tom's Brook?]; the Third Division (Brigadier-General Custer) continued its march on the Back road and camped for the night on Tumbling Run-the rear guard of this division was fighting or skirmishing during the whole march. About 4 p. m. this day Brigadier-General Merritt, commanding First Division, sent one brigade back on

