
repeated attempts. The cavalry fought infantry and artillery only on the left of the army. About 12 m. the cavalry was moved to the left about 300 yards, thus bringing it on the left of the pike. Thus matters stood with the cavalry until 3 p. m., holding on the their ground with more than their usual dodged persistence, displaying gallantry which has never been surpassed, while most of the infantry was reforming several miles on their right and rear. During this time the Second Brigade, Second Division (Colonel Powell commanding division), fell back slowly (by order) on the Front Royal and Winchester pike to Stony Point, and then to a point near Newtown, followed by the rebel General Lomax's division of cavalry, where they remained during the greater from getting on the pike to attack our trains and rear. About 2 p. m. Major-General Sheridan arrived upon the ground and directed me to sent one division of cavalry on the right of the army. I immediately ordered the Third Division (Brigadier-General Custer) to that position, where he arrived just in the nick of time, for the enemy had just succeeded in crossing infantry and cavalry over Cedar Creek on the right of the army, but the gallant Custer was equal to the emergency. He immediately charged the cavalry and drove them about a mile, in the most beautiful manner, behind their infantry support, from which they did not dare show themselves in force again during the day. On the left the battle was going well for us; in fact, it could not be otherwise, with the cool and invincible Merritt on the ground, supported by such soldiers as Devin and Lowell. At this time the First Brigade, Second Division, was temporarily under the orders of Brigadier-General Merritt, who was constantly annoying and attacking the enemy whenever an opportunity presented itself; although his men were completely within range of the enemy's sharpshooters, his shot and shell, and many a horse and rider was made to bite the dust, they held their ground like men of steel; officers and men seemed to know and feel that the safety of the army in no small degree depended upon their holding their position, and they can never receive too much credit for the manner in which they did their duty. About 4 p. m. Colonel Moore, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, was ordered to join his division at Newton, and Colonel Powell, commanding the division, directed to shove out a strong force to hold the Front Royal and Winchester pike. About 4 o'clock, in a charge, the gallant but lamented Lowell received a severe wound in the arm and side, but still kept his saddle. About 4.15 o'clock a general advance of the army was made, and it was truly grand to see the manner in which the cavalry did their part. In this grand to see the manner in which the cavalry did their part. In this general advance Colonel Lowell, Second Massachusetts Cavalry, commanding Reserve Brigade, First Division, while charging at the head of his brigade, received a second wound, which proved to be mortal. Thus the service lost one of its most gallant and accomplished soldiers. He was the beau ideal of a cavalry advance Brigadier-General Custer, commanding Third Division, left three regiments to attend to the cavalry in his front and started with the balance of his division to take part in the advance against the enemy's infantry. Thus the cavalry advanced on both flanks side with the infantry, charging the enemy's lines with an impetuosity which they could not stand. The rebel army was soon routed and driven across Cedar Creek in confusion, the cavalry, sweeping on both flanks, crossed Cedar Creek about the same time, charged and broke the last line the enemy attempted to form (it was now after dark), and put out at full speed at their artillery and trains. They continued the pursuit to the foot of

