
Fisher's Hill, about four miles from Cedar Creek, and captured the following property and prisoners, viz: 45 pieces of artillery, 32 caissons, 156 sets artillery harness, 184 horses, 156 mules, 150 sets wagon harness, 46 army wagons, 672 prisoners of war, 5 battle-flags, also, many muskets, sabers, &amp;c., which it took them about all night to bring in. Darkness alone saved the greater part of the rebel army from capture, for there never were men who displayed more fear of cavalry than they did upon this occasion. The service of the cavalry on this day to the army and the country can never be too highly appreciated. The Horse Artillery, Companies K and L of the First United States, commanded by First Lieutenant Taylor; Companies B and L of the Second United States, commanded by First Lieutenant Peirce; Company C [L], Fifth United States, commanded by First Lieutenant Weir, and Captain Martin's battery, of the Sixth New York, rendered invaluable services on this day, as for five or six hours the only artillery used was that of the cavalry, and nobly did they do their duty, having but about two rounds per piece left after the engagement.

For the gallantry and good judgment displayed by Brigadier-Generals Merritt and Custer and Brevet Brigadier-General Devin and Colonel Lowell in this battle I must again recommend them for promotion, which on several occasions has been justly earned.

I will take this occasion to recommend to the favorable consideration of the proper authorities the following members of my staff, as fit recipients of higher honors than lay in my power to bestow, for gallantry and courage display upon this and several other occasions during the campaign; braver and more efficient staff officers never drew rein or saber, viz: Major William Russell, jr., assistant adjutant-general; Captain M. A. Reno, First U. S. Cavalry, chief of staff; Captain R. Ellis, Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain George B. Stanford, First U. S. Cavalry, assistant commissary of musters; Captain J. J. Coppinger, Fourteenth Infantry, U. S. Army, acting aide-de-camp; Captain Bailey, First New York (Lincoln) Cavalry, acting aide-de-camp; Captain Martindale, First New York (Lincoln) Cavalry, acting adie-de-camp; Captain M. Berry, Twentieth Pennsylvania Cavalry, acting aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant Ellis, Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, acting aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant Slater, First New York Dragoons, ambulance officer; First Lieutenant H. H. Goldsmith, Fifteenth New Jersey Volunteer Infantry, aide-de-camp.

I take pleasure in expressing my sincere thanks to division commanders and their commands for the hearty co-operation given to me and each other. When such fallings exist, success must attend our efforts, and yours has been such that all in future can revered with pleasure to the fact that you belonged to the cavalry of the Middle Military Division, and participated in the successful campaign of Major-General Sheridan in the Shenandoah Valley.

For further particulars I would respectfully refer to division and brigade commanders reports, herewith inclosed. Annexed is also a report of casualties.

Is it also proper to remark in this connection that as General Averell in his report has gone beyond his province to report upon General Merritt, First Division of Cavalry, at the battle of Winchester, September 19, 1864, to mention a few facts received from official reports, viz: The loss of General Averell's division (Second Division), West Virginia Cavalry, at this time was, aggregate, 32, and not 250 as he supposes; and the loss of General Merritt's division (First Division Cavalry) in the same engagement was 311.

