HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, Kernstown, Va., November 12, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that a portion of the cavalry moved to-day, as follows: Second Division, Brigadier-General Powell commanding, moved out on the Winchester and Front Royal pike and routed them completely, pursuing them two miles south of Front Royal. Captured all of the artillery (2 pieces and caissons) they had, their ordnance train (34 wagons), and 180 prisoners, among them 18 officers; killed and wounded several, among them General McCausland, slightly. Third Division, Brevet Major-General Custer commanding, moved out on the Middle and Back roads and engaged rebel General Rosser's division of cavalry, about four miles north of Cedar Creek, and routed them completely, driving them across Cedar Creek. Captured 16 prisoners, killed and wounded several, among them 4 field officers. I regrets exceedingly to mention the loss of Colonel Hull, commanding Second New York Cavalry, who lost his life while gallantly leading his regiment in a charge. A portion of the First Division, Brevet Major-General Merritt commanding, moved out on the Valley pike and engaged the enemy's infantry about 10 o'clock. The cavalry returned to camp about 11 o'clock.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brevet Major-General of Volunteers, Chief of Cavalry.

Lieutenant-Colonel FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff to General Sheridan.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, November 23, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

I have the honor to report that on the 21st instant I left camp with the Second and Third Divisions on a reconnaissance up the Shenandoah Valley. I went as far as Rude's Hill, about forty miles up. At that point I drove the enemy's cavalry rapidly before me, when I caused the enemy to develop about 10,000 infantry and artillery and one division of cavalry. I fought them for some time on Meem's Bottom, whereupon the infantry advanced in force, and I fell back, followed by infantry and cavalry, five miles north of Mount Jackson, and by a small force of cavalry to Edenburg. I had about thirty wounded. Captured fifteen or twenty prisoners. I ascertained that Kershaw's division of infantry had left Early's army, and that they commenced taking the cars at Waynesborough at 2 o'clock Friday morning, 18th gallantly. The Second Division had the advance and behaved most gallantly. The Third Division covered the retreat and behaved in the most handsome manner.

A. T. A. TORBERT,Brevet Major-General of Volunteers, Chief of Cavalry.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 13. October 11, 1864.

The chief of cavalry desires to congratulate the officers and men of the cavalry, Middle Military Division, for their unparalleled successes in the Valley of the Shenandoah since the beginning of the campaign.

