
fought by the Reserve and the Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry of the Second Brigade. The enemy were strong in numbers and position, and it was found impossible to dislodge them before dark, which closed the fighting. I regret to say the loss son this occasion was severe to the brigade. Among the wounded was Major Scott, First New York Dragoons, an officers distinguished for gallant conduct on several previous occasions.

On the 12th of August the march was resumed without opposition from the enemy, who was not come up with until reaching Middletown, when his rear guard crossed Cedar Creek, and on being pursued by part of the division commenced a desultory skirmish which was discontinued on our part on the arrival of the infantry. The next day a reconnaissance was made by the Reserve Brigade to Strasburg, near which two the enemy was found posted on Fisher's Hill. The brigade joined the division, which remained in camp, picketing on Cedar Creek, until the 13th of August, when the Second Brigade was ordered to Cedar Springs on the Front Royal pike. The following day the remainder of the division moved to join the Second Brigade, the Reserve Brigade going into camp near Nineveh. The First Brigade was ordered into camp on the left of the Front Royal pike opposite the camp of the Second Brigade. About 2 p. m. [16th] the enemy drove in the pickets of the Second Brigade and skirmishing commenced, which preceded the battle of Cedarville. The enemy attacked with two brigades of cavalry (Lomax's and Wickham's), supported by Kershaw's division of infantry. The pickets of the Second Brigade were driven by the violence of the attack to the reserve, which fought the enemy, though they were greatly outnumbered, contesting the ground with him foot by foot, until Colonel Devin marched his brigade to the field. The First Brigade was immediately posted on a position to the front of its camp. The enemy's cavalry charged and were gallantly met by three regiments of the Second Brigade, which routed him in confusion. A brigade of infantry was then discovered to be moving on the opposite bank of the river toward our left flank. One regiment of the First Brigade was dismounted and thrown forward to a hill near the river-bank to meet this movement, while the rest of the brigade moved (mounted) to an eligible position near the right of the hill to act in concert with the dismounted men. The enemy advanced boldly, wading the river, and were allowed to approach within short carbine range, when a murderous volley was poured into their solid ranks, while the whole command charged. The enemy were thrown into the wildest confusion. They had met a resistance which they little expected; they were driven pell-mell into the river, losing a great number in killed and wounded, nearly 300 prisoners, and 2 stand of colors. Re-enforcements were hurried up by the rebels, but they came too late to retrieve the disaster of the day. They cautiously remained on the south bank of the river, and the fight degenerated into an artillery duel, the enemy using vigorously a heavy battery had given us much trouble by its wicked fire during the battle. Our loss was small-sixty in killed and wounded more than covered our entire casualties-while the punishment, &amp;c., inflicted on the enemy could not have been far short of 600 in killed, wounded, and prisoners. Colonel Devin, who acquitted himself with conspicuous skill and gallantry, was painfully wounded in the foot, though he kept the field to the end of the battle. Great credit is due General Custer for the masterly manner in which he handled his command. All honor to the

