
brave officers and men who won this battle, which cost the enemy so dearly. The Reserve Brigade, which was ordered up during the engagement, but which did not arrive in time to take part, resumed its camp for the night, as did the other brigades of the division.

On the 17th the division marched at 8 a. m. in compliance with orders, destroying the grain and forage, and driving off in the Valley from Cedar Creek to Berryville. This duty, not among the most agreeable assigned to soldiers, was thoroughly though delicately done; o private property, save that mentioned, being injured; nor family masted by any soldier in the command to my knowledge. During the 18th, 19th, and 20th of August the command remained in the vicinity of Berryville. In this interval several attacks were made by parties of guerrillas on the pickets and foraging parties of the First Brigade, in which several men were killed. The Third Brigade, Colonel Lowell commanding, joined the division while it was encamped at Berryville. It was assigned to the duty of watching the enemy on the Winchester pike. (I would here remark that although this brigade constituted part of the division, that I am unable to give any account of the most of the early part of the campaign, until it was broken up, and its regiments assigned to the other brigades of the division.) On the 21st the Third Brigade was attacked and Colonel Lowell was sent orders to fall back on the command at Berryville, the division having orders to march to Charlestown. After leaving Berryville the enemy annoyed the rear guard but little, the force that followed being small. August 22, marched to Shepherdstown via Duffield's Station. On the 23rd and 24th remained in camp, picketing, &amp;c. August 25, a reconnaissance was made, in conjunction with the Third Division, toward Leetown. Near Kearneysville the enemy's infantry (Breckinridge's corps) was met, and after a sharp skirmish the two divisions fell back toward Shepherdstown. At this latter place the rear guard was forced from its position by the enemy well toward Shepherdston, but was in its turn threatened in its rear by a force of the enemy which had marched across the country and struck us in the flank. The Second Brigade was immediately ordered to engaged this force violently, in order to give the First Brigade a chance to retire across the Potomac. The attack was made with marked impetuosity by the Second Brigade, and I am glad to say had the desired effect, as General Custer retired across the river without molestation. During the day the loss to the enemy, as we have since learned, was very heavy. The first attack made on his columns, which were marching toward Williamsport, was so heavy as to throw him into the greatest confusion, and though it was no part of the plan to fight his infantry, subsequent developments have proven that the two divisions did much toward defeating for a time Breckinridge's entire corps of infantry. During the day a splendid mounted charge was made by the Second Brigade, while the First Brigade did noble service on foot. August 28,. marched to Leetown, at which point the enemy's cavalry, under Lomax, was engaged by the Reserve Brigade and driven toward Smithfield. At this later place the enemy made a decided stand, when the division was disposed for battle, the First Brigade moving to the right flank and the Reserve Brigade attacking in front, Second Brigade

