
consciousness of renewed strength, a presentiment of fresh glory to be added that day to their already unfading laurels. They like men who were willing to do and die; that they were not deceived the history of the day proves.

After the junction of the lines on the other side of the Opequon both brigades were ordered to advance and press the enemy vigorously, keeping him engaged, the object being to prevent Breckinridge, who was known to be in our front, from sending his corps to join the rest of Early's forces near Winchester, or at least, if he did send it, to follow closely in his rear and get on the enemy's flank. Every man in the two brigades now engaged (the First and Reserve) fought like a hero. About 11 o'clock a charge was made by part of the First Brigade and the Second [U. S.] Cavalry, Reserve Brigade. Our men rushed upon the infantry, who were protected by a long line of rail barricades, but finding unusual and unexpected obstacles, retired, taking a position more advantageous, from which they made the enemy in his turn retire before them. Here the enemy used his artillery freely. About 1.30 p. m. the order for a general advance was given. The Second Brigade, which at intervals up to this time had been doing good execution from fine positions on the right bank. The Second Brigade, with the First U. S. Cavalry (Captain Baker), moved in column on the direct road about four miles from Winchester). The First and Reserve Brigades these two roads. It was soon found that the enemy's infantry had withdrawn from our front, leaving the protection of their flank to their cavalry. General Devin charged this last about a mile from the pike, and hurled it in confusion up the rod and across the country to the pike. It was soon disposed of; although outnumbering the Second Brigade it could not stand before the keen steel and resistless force of the sturdy troopers of the "Old War Horse." The junction of the three brigades at the point designated was soon effected and the advance toward Winchester immediately begun-the First Brigade on the right, the Second Brigade in the center, and the Reserve Brigade well to the left, to cover the flank and connect if possible with our infantry. When approaching the field near Winchester the enemy's cavalry (re-enforced) again met our advance, when the Second Brigade charged it, which charge, being closely followed up by the First Brigade (each holding a reserve), drove the rebel horsemen pell-mell over their infantry and out of sight into the town of Winchester. These men only returned later in the day on the crest of a line of hills well to our right to annoy us with their artillery fire. At this time (3 p. m.) the field was open for cavalry operations such as the war has not seen, such as all good cavalry officers long to engage in; nor was the division slow to take an active part in the grand threader of battle which was being enacted at our feet.

Up to this time no communication had been opened with our infantry; we knew they were going to fight and about where we might expect them. A six-gun battery of the enemy was playing away rapidly toward our left front. This was ordered to be charged, but before the order could be executed it withdrew, and the charge was directed on the enemy's infantry, which was attempting to charge front and meet us; they were in confusion; no time was lost; the intrepid Devin, with his gallant brigade, burst like a storm of case-shot in their midst, showering saber blows on their heads and shoulders, trampling them

