
under his horses' feet, and routing them in droves in every direction. The brigade emerged from the fray with 3 stand of colors and over 300 prisoners. This blow, struck by General Devin, was at the angle of the line caused by the enemy's refusing his left to meet our attack. Soon Colonel Lowell (Reserve Brigade), when formed to left of the position from which Devin charged, entered the lists. His heroic brigade, now reduced to about 600 men, rode out fearlessly to within 500 yards of the enemy's infantry line of battle, on the left of which, resting on an old earth-work, was a two-gun battery. The order was given to charge the line and get the guns. The noble Lowell, with his heroic little brigade, moved boldly forward; a withering fire staggered the was gone, their pieces being unloaded. The brigade confusion, leaving the guns far behind in the hourly-burly of the melee. It was a noble work well done-a theme for the poet; a scene for the painter. In this charge the gallant Rodenbough, at the head of his regiment, lost an arm. These movements had given us the ground at first occupied by the enemy. The First Brigade moved to a position near the front, and, forming in column of squadrons, made ready to give the final stroke to the works of the day. The sun was fast going down and the enemy making the greatest effort to go away, but the cavalry gave them no rest.

We were at this time under fearful fire of artillery, which, as hinted at before, had taken its position of the crest of a line hills to our right flank. The Fourth and Sixth New York Cavalry (Second Brigade) was formed in rear of the First Brigade in column of squadrons, and the fragment of the Reserve Brigade, with the same formation, was posted on the right of this column. A battery of the enemy, which had been doing some execution, posted to the left front about 500 yards, limbered up and ran away. The charge of the left column was ordered; the gallant Custer led it; boot to boot these brave horsemen rode in. The enemy's line broke into a thousand fragments under the shock. The Reserve Brigade followed the blow, and all was lost mercy; others hung tenaciously to their muskets, using them with their muzzles against our soldiers' breaks; a number took refuge in a horse and fought through the doors and windows, but the field was won. Four stand of colors were here taken and over 500 prisoners were swept into our lines, and the miserable remnant of Early's army fled madly through the streets of Winchester.

Thus it will be seen that six distinct charges were made by parts of the division after the general advance toward Winchester-two by the Second Brigade and one by the First Brigade against the enemy's infantry and artillery, and one,the final charge, in which all three of the brigades were concerned. Brigade and regimental commanders did their duty handsomely in rallying their brigades at a given point on the pike in the shortest possible time. Everything was well done during the day, and everything was done in a space of time which seemed short, even where there was the greatest reason for impatience on the field of battle in time of need.

The battle of the Opequon was truly a glorious occasion for the First Cavalry Division, and there is not a man nor officer in the command who

