
artillery in position, he made a stubborn resistance. It was expected at this time that the Third Division would attack the enemy on the Back road, but from some cause the attack was not made, and at dark the two brigades engaged were withdrawn, the enemy having been forced back over a mile. In the meantime the First Brigade had made the reconnaissance to Woodstock without opposition, was attacked in its rear as it returned to Tom's Creek, but the enemy was easily repulsed, and the division, after establishing its picket-line, went into camp.

On the morning of the 9th the division marched to the position near the Back road, where the brigades had been engaged the evening before. The Third Division was found fighting the enemy on the same ground from which the enemy in his right flank and rear, while the Reserve Brigade was ordered to move on the pike, to turn to its right after moving out well, and, if possible, gain the enemy's rear. At the same time the Second Brigade was ordered to the front on a ridge midway between the pike and Back road to push the enemy there, as well as to establish and keep up the connection between the two wings of the division. These orders were all soon carried out, and the First Brigade very quickly became hotly engaged with the flank of the enemy in position in front of the Third Division. Martin's battery, attached to the First Brigade, did excellent execution in enfilading the enemy's lines, while the brigade, by its vigorous attack, in conjunction with the Third Division, soon hurried the enemy from his position and down the road. At this time report came that Colonel Lowell (Reserve Brigade) was hotly pressed in his front on the pike, when the First New York Dragoons (Second Brigade) and Fifth U. S. Cavalry (at division headquarters) were thrown in to his assistance. These regiments went in on the left flank of the force attacking Lowell, and, together with the Second Brigade, divided the two wings of the enemy's line, forcing him to retreat on both roads. Not a moment's delay now occurred; the enemy was pressed at every step; the Reserve Brigade moved on the pike, the Second on the ridge between the pike and Back road, and the First Brigade on the left of the Back road. Now the enemy's resistance became very feeble, and presently his retreat became a rout.

The success of the day was now merely a question of the endurance of horseflesh, and let it be here stated that no more splendid commentary could be made on the soldierly qualities of the troopers of this division than the fact that their horses, with but few exceptions, endured a run of nearly twenty miles and were found the next day in condition for a reasonable march. Tom's Creek was left far in the rear, Maurertown was passed. The enemy's opposition was fitful; each time our troopers came in view they would rush on the discomfited rebels with their sabers, and send them howling in every direction; numbers fled to the mountains. Once or twice the rebel artillery made a stand and fired a few shots; when near Woodstock they did it to their cost; Lowell's brave troopers caught sight of the battery and rode it down, sobering everyone who made resistance-two pieces were here sent to the rear; at Edenburg two other pieces, together with a number of caissons and wagons, shared a like fate. At the crossing of Stony Creek the Reserve was halted in order to collect its strength, and two regiments of the Second Brigade, previously ordered to the pike, took up the pursuit. After crossing the creek, which was

