
deep, a shot which came thundering down the road gave us to under stand that there was still another gun ahead. The Ninth New York dashed forward and soon another gun, a number of wagons, caissons, forges, and ambulances were added to the trophies of the day. Still the chase did not end; it was only when the advance reached Mounth Jackson that the command was ordered to halt, and our weary horses and excited, fearless rides were called from the pursuit. The fragments of the enemy's column could be seen flying miles in advance; where they stopped the terror-stricken wretches could scarcely tell themselves, I cannot. In the meantime the First brigade, still co-operating with the Third Division, pushed forward along the Back road to a point opposite Woodstock; this brigade, though not immediately concerned in any of the captures made, did a great deal to the success of the columns on both roads, particularly in dislodging and helping to rout the enemy in front of the Third Division; its services should not be overlooked. In this connection I would not omit to mention to First Michigan Cavalry, of the First Brigade, with its gallant commander, Colonel of the Reserve Brigade through its lines, a staff officer was sent from division headquarters to have it move on and act with the Reserve Brigade during the day; this it did right nobly, sharing the success of the Reserve Brigade and dealing the enemy some heavy blows. The division encamped in the vicinity of Woodstock on the night of the 9th.

Never has there been, in the history of this war, a more complete victory than this of Tom's Creek. Almost everything the enemy had with his "reorganized cavalry" was captured or destroyed; his force was routed and driven at a breakneck speed over twenty miles of country, which was covered with the debris of his unmannerly retreat.

The list of captures are as follows: 42 C. S. and U. S. wagons with ordnance and quartermaster's stores, 3 ambulances, 5 pieces of artillery with limbers, 4 caissons, 5 forges, 29 mules, 39 horses, 25 sets harness, 52 prisoners of war (3 commissioned officers), 1 C. S. wagon loaded with Enfield rifles.

I cannot close this report without recommending to the proper authorities the accomplished chief surgeon of the division, Asst. Surg. J. W. Williams, for the able and energetic manner in which he has administered the affairs of his department during the present campaign in the Valley. After the close of this battle, as also after the battle, as also after the battle of the Opequon, every attention was given the wounded of the command in the shortest possible time. No single complaint is heard of the magical officers of this command, but praise is given them from every quarter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. MERRITT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major WILLIAM RUSSELL, Jr.,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Cavalry, Middle Military Division.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, October 24, 1864.

MAJOR: I respectfully submit the following report of the part this division took in the battle of the 19th and subsequent operations:

About 4 a.m. on the 19th an attack was made on the pickets of the First Brigade near Cupp's Ford, which attack, coupled with the firing on the extreme left of the infantry line, alarmed the camps, and every-

