
The men and officers of the command have endured all the hardship of the arduous campaign without the comforts afforded by a regular system of transportation, oftentimes without regular issues of rations, uncomplainingly and cheerfully. If there have been any instances of unsoldierly conduct they are exceptions to the rule. The command as a whole is gallant and well disciplined, confident in its own strength, and justly proud of its prowess.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. MERRITT,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Division.

Major WILLIAM RUSSELL, JR.,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Cavalry, Middle Military Division.

ADDENDA.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 24, 1864.

Brevet Major-General MERRITT, U. S. Volunteers,

Comdg. First Cav. Div., &amp;c., Sheridan's army, Strasburg, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the following schedule of property and prisoners captured by the Second Brigade (Brevet Brigadier General T. C. Devin), First Cavalry Division (Brevet Major-General Merritt), in the battle near Strasburg, Va., October 19, 1864, which schedule was delivered by Captain White, brigade inspector: 22 pieces of artillery, 8 caissons, 30 ambulances, 29 army wagons, 117 horses, 143 mules, 2 stand of colors, 1 guidon, 353 prisoners, and a large number of small-arms.

The Secretary of War is well pleased to have this new occasion to present the acknowledgments of the Department and of the country to the officers and men who have achieved such glorious victories.

I am, sir, &c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,October 31, 1864.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: With extreme gratification I acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 24th instant, mentioning the schedule of captures made by the First Cavalry Division in the battle of Middletown on the 19th instant, and expressing the "acknowledgment of the War Department and of the country to the officers and men who have achieved such glorious victories." The division which I have the honor to command is justly proud of its many successes and the ready recognition of its services by the War Department.

The captures made by this division in the battle of the 19th instant and subsequent pursuit are as follows: 3 battle-flags and 1 guidon, 22 pieces of artillery, 8 caissons, 37 ambulances, 29 wagons, 95 horses and harness, 141 mules and harness, 389 prisoners (including 6 commissioned officers).

The following property was destroyed on the same occasion, viz:

12 army wagons, 28 ambulances, 81 stand of arms, 2 caissons,

