
had commenced, not while they were awaiting us in rear of their works. My opinions were verified. Watching the enemy until his force had risen from behind their works and commenced the retrograde movement, I have the order to my command to charge. The order was obeyed with zeal and alacrity upon the part of all. The First, Fifth, Sixth, and Seventh Michigan, with a portion of the Twenty-fifth New York, advanced in one line; most of the command using the saber alone. Officers and men seemed to vie with each other as to who should lead. Among those in advance my personal attention was attracted to Colonel Stagg, commanding First Michigan, Lieutenant-Colonel Brewer, commanding Seventh Michigan, also Captain Warner, of the same regiment; to Colonel Kidd, commanding Sixth Michigan, and to Colonel Hastings, commanding Fifth Michigan. Each of these officers led their regiment with most commendable valor. The enemy upon our approach turned and delivered a well-directed volley of musketry, but before a second discharge could be given my command was in their midst, sobering right and left, capturing prisoners more rapidly than they could be disposed of. Further resistance upon the part of those immediately opposed to us was suspended. A few batteries posted on the heights near the town continued to fire into our midst, fortunately killing more of their own men than of ours. This fire was silenced, however, as we advanced toward them. Nothing now remained but to collect the prisoners and other trophies of the victory. No further resistance was offered. The charge just made had decided the day, and the entire body of the enemy not killed or captured was in full retreat up the Valley. Many of the prisoners cut off by my command fell into the hands of the infantry, whose advance soon reached the ground. My command, however, which entered the charge about 500 strong, including but 36 officers, captured 700 prisoners, including 52 officers, also 7 battle-flags, 2 caissons, and a large number of small-arms. It is confidently believed that, considering the relative numbers engaged and the comparative held on each side, the charge just described, stands unequaled, valued according to its daring and success, in the history of this war. Night put an end to the pursuit, and this brigade bivouacked on the left of Valley pike, three miles from the battle-field. Our loss was by no means trifling. A numerical list of casualties has been already forwarded. Among the gallant dead who fell on that day is Captain North, of the Fifth Michigan Cavalry, whose bravery has rendered him conspicuous on scores of battle-fields.

It is with the deepest regret that I record the death of Lieutenant-Colonel Brever, of the Seventh Michigan, who fell at the moment of victory, while leading his regiment in the final charge. I believe I am correct in stating that he fell farthest in advance of those who on that day, surrendered their lives in their country's cause. Possessed of ability, qualifying him for much higher positions than those he filled, he was invariably selected to command expeditions involving danger and requiring experience, daring, and sagacity, and invariably did he perform the duty assigned him with credit to himself and to the satisfaction of his commanding officers. Known and respected by all his brother officers, him memory will always be cherished by every member of this command. And of him all will say he was a soldier sans peur et sans reproche.

Instances of personal daring and gallantry during the engagement were numerous and deserving of particular mention, but it is impracticable to include this list in a report of this character. A few have been referred to, having impressed themselves upon my personal notice at

