
the time. I will only add in this connection that both officers and men did their duty, and not a single case of misbehavior occurred throughout the entire engagement. The assistance derived from the zealous and persevering efforts of the members of my staff deserve to be recorded. My orders were transmitted with accuracy and celerity, frequently delivered under a heavy fire. If the numerous charges made by my command there were none that were not participated in by one or more of my staff. They were particularly energetic in rallying and reforming regiments broken or repulsed in the charge. The following-named staff officers distinguished themselves: Major George A. Drew, Sixth Michigan Cavalry, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain L. W. Barnhart, Sixth Michigan Cavalry, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain E. F. Decker, First Michigan Cavalry, acting aide-de-camp; LieutenantG. S. White, Fifth Michigan Cavalry, acting-de-camp.

Surgeon Wooster, First Michigan Cavalry, was extremely attentive to the wants of the wounded, and discharged his duties with marked success.

Respectfully submitted.

G. A. CUSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain A. E. DANA,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division Cavalry.

No. 137. Report of Colonel James H. Kidd, Sixth Michigan Cavalry, commanding First Brigade, of operations September 26-October 27.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY,November 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions from Brevet Major-General Merritt, I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of the First Brigade, First Division Cavalry, from September 26 to October 27, inclusive, during which time I was in command:

On the morning of 26th of September, Brigadier-General Custer having been assigned to the command of Averell's division, I was directed by him to assume command of the brigade, which I did, and proceeded with the division to Port Republic, having the advance until connection was made with General Devin's (Second) Brigade. Arriving at Port Republic I was ordered by the general commanding division to send two regiments across the Shenandoah to capture small parties of the enemy who were in sight. The Sixth and Seventh Michigan Cavalry, commanded by Major Deane and Major Darling, respectively, were sent, and charged the enemy until they encountered a largely superior force of cavalry and infantry, which was massed at a convenient distance and under cover, disclosing only enough to invite an attack. Having made such dispositions of the regiments as to prevent a flank movement, which was attempted, I held the line the entire day and picketed it during the night. Martin's (Sixth New York) battery was in position and aided in checking the enemy after our charge was repulsed. The Fifth Michigan Cavalry was on picket, the First in reserve.

September 27, ordered to Cross Keys; went into camp near that place at night, Sixth Michigan on picket. 28th, drew in my picket-line and moved to Port Republic; remained there (with Seventh Michigan Cavalry on picket) until the 29th, when marched in rear of the division, the Sixth Michigan deployed as skirmishers, with orders to burn all barns,

