
&amp;c., the Fifth Michigan Cavalry (Major Hastings), marched on the left, via Piedmont, to Mount Crawford, where the entire brigade went into camp, having destroyed a large amount of property and driven in a large number of cattle and other stock. Seventh Michigan Cavalry left on duty at Port Republic. 30th, moved camp; the Twenty-fifth New York Cavalry on duty at Conrad's Ferry; Seventh Michigan at Port Republic; two squadrons (First and Sixth Michigan) on picket in front of brigade.

October 1, remained in camp; Fifth Michigan sent to Port Republic, and while there made two reconnaissance through Brown's Gap. 2nd, attacked and fell back in conjunction with the force on right of the brigade. 3rd, ordered to Cross Keys; picket-line extended by patrol to Conrad's Ferry, a distance of twenty-five miles; three regiments constantly on duty. 4th and 5th, ditto. 6th, marched to Timberville, via Harrisonburg, from whence, on the 7th, to Woodstock.

The 8th, marched, the Fifth Michigan Cavalry in rear, acting as rear guard, to Fisher's Hill; slight skirmishing all day with Major Hastings' rear guard. At Fisher's Hill received orders from the general commanding division to drive back the force following, if possible. The Sixth Michigan Cavalry, commanded by Major Deane, supported by the Seventh Michigan Cavalry (Major Darling), drove the enemy at a run as far as Woodstock. Here they were re-enforced, and I deemed it prudent to withdraw, the Fifth Michigan Cavalry (Major Hastings) having the rear. About one mile from Tom's Brook I halted (the enemy not having made his appearance). The Seventh was sent to make a demonstration in favor of General Custer, while the Fifth Michigan picketed the road toward Woodstock. The enemy was soon discovered charging with heavy columns on either side and on the pike, supporting an unusually strong skirmish line. I directed the Sixth Michigan and Twenty-fifth New York to move back and take up the position on Tom's Brook, while the First Michigan remained to support the Fifth Michigan, which I ordered to fall back slowly to the same point. I cannot speak in terms of too great praise of the gallantry of Major Hastings and the officers and men of his command, who three times repulsed desperate charges made by a greatly superior force of the enemy; nor of the squadron of the First Michigan Cavalry, commanded by Captain Charles Shier. According to the testimony of citizens and negroes, the force which attacked that night consisted of two brigades of cavalry with artillery. Having taken the position at Tom's Brook, and brought up one section of Martin's battery, I made preparations to hold that position. The enemy not pressing the attack, I ordered Major Birge, with one battalion of the Sixth Michigan Cavalry, to advance and reconnoiter their position. He found the enemy posted near the point where their charge was repulsed. On account of darkness, and order to recross Tom's Brook, no attack was made that night.

On the morning of the 9th, this brigade having the advance, I was ordered to make an attack on the flank of the force confronting the Third Division, commanded by Brigadier-General Custer. The attack was made and vigorously by the Sixth and Seventh Michigan and Twenty-fifth New York Regiments, the Fifth Michigan supporting the battery, the First Michigan on picket. The enemy was driven a distance of two miles. An attempt made by several organized regiments to charge my lines was handsomely repulsed by the Seventh Michigan Cavalry and the enemy scattered in confusion. Receiving orders to halt until the brigade on my left, which was at first repulsed, had come up, I was unable to press the pursuit until the enemy had

