
made his escape to the two roads between which my line rested. From Woodstock, hearing firing in that direction, I went to the right, arriving near the "Furnace" simultaneously with General Custer's skirmish line. The First Michigan Cavalry, I was informed, did good service supporting the flank of the Reserve Brigade.

October 10, in camp at Fisher's Hill. 11th, fell back to Cedar Creek. 12th, 13th, and 14th, in camp. 15th, moved in advance of division to Front Royal. 16th, turned to camp. 17th and 18th, in camp.

October 19, the picket-line of the Seventh Michigan Cavalry was driven in; the entire brigade moved out to the support. Found the enemy strongly posted with artillery; was ordered back and ultimately took position on the extreme left of the army. My left was not supported by General Powell's division. That the First Brigade was engaged that day the casualties bear witness. One stand of colors and many prisoners were captured. Darkness intervened to prevent perfect success. Kershaw's division, which confronted us, was utterly broken and scattered. The First Michigan Cavalry, commanded by Captain A. W. Duggan, the Fifth Michigan, commanded by Major S. H. Hastings, the Sixth, by Major C. W. Deane, and the Seventh by Major Darling, all deserve special mention. They never behaved with more consummate gallantry. I have to regret the loss of Captain Charles Shier, First Michigan Cavalry, who as mortally wounded while leading a charge. A gallant officer, a polished scholar, and an accomplished gentleman, his loss is keenly felt by all who knew him.

October 20, moved with division to Woodstock. 21st to 24th, except detail for picket and reconnaissance, no duty assigned to the brigade. 25th, I received orders to move through Little Fort Valley and attempt to attack the enemy in flank at Milford. After having lost about two hours by a misunderstanding in regard to the roads I found the passage through the mountains so obstructed that, in my own opinion and that of every officer whom I consulted, it was impossible to accomplish anything that day. This fact I reported to the general commanding division and also to the chief of cavalry, and received orders to return to camp. 26th, I was relieved from command by order of the chief of cavalry.

In closing this report I would tender thanks to the officers and men of this command who gave me cordial co-operation and support in what I attempted to do.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. KIDD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. E. DANA,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Cavalry Division, Mid. Mil. Div.

No. 138. Report of Colonel Peter Stagg, First Michigan Cavalry, of operations September 1-30.
HDQRS. FIRST MICHIGAN CAVALRY VETERAN VOLS.,October 15, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment for the month of September, 1864, from the regimental diary of the acting adjutant:

September 1 found us in camp near Berryville, Va. September 2, marched at 6 a.m. toward Charlestown and halted two miles from Rippon

