
Corners, from whence we were ordered out on picket. The picket-line was drawn in at 9 p.m., and the regiment returned with the brigade to Berryville, Va., consuming the most of the night in the march. September 3, marched 6 a.m. to corners west of White Post, and finding the enemy flanking to our left and rear, returned to one mile north of White Post and encamped. September 4, marched 6 a.m. in the direction of Charlestown; met the enemy at Berryville, where they shelled the advance of the column, killing one man and wounding two others of Company F. A slight skirmish ensued, but, flanking to the right, the brigade marched within our infantry lines, which were posted at the cross-roads, one mile and a half east of Berryville. September 5, made a reconnaissance to the right and front; found the enemy's lines on the Opequon Run. September 6, lay in camp. September 7, moved camp to another field on the left. September 8, went out on a reconnaissance under command of Major Thomas M. Howrigan, with orders to burn the mills at Locke's Ford, but finding the enemy quite strong, returned to camp without executing the order; the regiment was then sent out on picket. September 9, remained on picket. September 10, relieved from picket and returned to camp. September 11 and 12, lay in camp. September 13, went out on a reconnaissance with brigade to the Opequon Run, near Locke's Ford. September 14, moved camp half a mile. September 15 to 17, lay in camp. September 18, regiment was inspected by Brigadier-General Custer and complimented upon their general appearance.

September 19, marched 2 a.m. with the brigade to Locke's Ford, there found and attacked the enemy at 7 a.m., whom, after quite a skirmish, we dislodged, and crossed the stream. Found the enemy had fallen back to a strong position about a mile farther back; part of the regiment was deployed upon the skirmish line, which, after the enemy's lines were ascertained, the whole of the First and Fifth Michigan Cavalry charged, and after a very severe fire was repulsed. About one hour later the brigade advanced and found the enemy falling back toward Winchester, whom we pursued rapidly, driving them before us and capturing some prisoners. About three miles from Winchester, Va., the enemy formed two regiments en masse and charged the skirmish line of the Regular Brigade, forcing back their line. This regiment charged upon them, scattering and pursuing them nearly a mile. The brigade the coming up the whole pushed forward toward Winchester, charging the rebel cavalry twice more, and last of all the rebel infantry, capturing and killing very many, which closed the day, giving a complete victory to the Union army. During the day the regiment was in five different, charges, in three of which it was completely successful, but suffering a loss of one officer killed, Major Melvin Brewer, commanding the Seventh Michigan Cavalry, and three wounded-Captain Amasa E. Matthews, Company I, Albert T. Jackson, commanding Company F, and Lieutenant Henry Beach, acting adjutant-and 6 enlisted men killed and 30 wounded. The brigade then pushed on in pursuit of the enemy, with the division, as far as Kernstown, Va.

September 20, marched 6 a.m., via Newtown and Middletown, across Cedar Run, to heights overlooking Strasburg, Va., from thence two miles to the right and rear on Capon Springs road and encamped. September 21, marched 7 a.m. to Front Royal, Va. September 22, marched 1.30 a.m., crossed to north side of South Branch of the Shenandoah and moved up the stream to opposite Allen's Cross-Roads, there recrossed the river and marched to Allen's Cross-Roads, thence to Milford; brigade supporting

