
the Third Division, Cavalry Corps, which had an engagement at that place with the enemy; at dark retired to Allen's Cross-Roads and encamped. September 23, marched 7 a.m., via Front Royal, to Cedarville and encamped. Received dispatches from General Sheridan of the battle of Fisher's Hill and of the defeat of the rebels, and marched to intercept their retreat, via Royal to Milford. September 24, marched 7 a.m. to Luray, meeting Imboden's brigade of cavalry at Yager's Mills, on Hawksbill Creek, which the brigade engaged, charged, and routed. This regiment in the van captured 46 prisoners, 30 horses, and killed and wounded a number of their men, pursuing them on the charge nearly three miles. From thence marched to New Market Gap and to the summit of the mountain, where finding our own pickets, returned to the base again and encamped. In this engagement two enlisted men were wounded. September 25, marched 7.30 a.m. to New Market, and from thence to within a mile of Harrisonburg. September 26, suffered the most severe loss of the campaign, General Custer being relieved and put in command of the Third Division, Cavalry Corps; Colonel Kidd, Sixth Michigan Cavalry, assumed command. Marched 5.30, via Harrisonsburg, to Port Republic; found and engaged the enemy, forcing them back quite a distance ; regiment supported the battery. September 27, marched 2,15 p.m. to Cross Keys and awaited en masse until sundown; no enemy appearing, fell back to cross-roads near Massanutten Mountain and encamped. September 28, marched at 5 a.m. on a reconnaissance toward Port Republic; found a dismounted line of rebel pickets, supposed to be infantry, and, after a slight skirmish, returned to camp. In the afternoon marched to Port Republic and took possession of the town, the enemy having suddenly evacuated. September 29, marched 11 a.m. the most direct route to Mount Crawford, driving stock and burning all forage by the way. September 30, moved camp down the river one mile.

During the month the regiment marched, exclusive of picket duty and detached duty of squadrons, 251 miles.

Respectfully submitted.

PETER STAGG,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain CHARLES H. SAFFORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 139. Report of Colonel James H. Kidd, Sixth Michigan Cavalry, of operations August 3-October 19.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY,December 17, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following brief resume of operations of this command for the year embraced between the dates November 1, 1863, and November 1, 1864:

* * * * *

On the 3rd of August the regiment embarked on transports at City Point, arriving at Washington on the 6th, and marched thence, via Poolesville and Harper's Ferry, to Halltown, reaching the latter place

