
No. 140. Report of Major Charles W. Deane, Sixth Michigan Cavalry, of operations August 10-October 5.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY,In the Field, October 5, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of the Sixth Michigan Cavalry from the 10th of August to the present date:

August 10, 1864, marched with the other regiments of the brigade from camp near Halltown, via Berryville, to the Millwood and Winchester pike and encamped. August 11, marched at daylight toward Winchester; when near Winchester the enemy was encountered; the Sixth was formed behind the battery. After an hour or two fifty men ordered to report to General Custer, and reached him just in time to save a section of Ransom's battery. I regret to add that Captain James Mathers, of Company L, was killed at this point. Soon after noon we recrossed the Opequon and went up to the intersection of the Front Royal and White Post roads. The regiment was sent on picket on the Front Royal road toward Winchester. August 12, marched at 6 a.m. through Newtown, Middletown, to Cedar Creek, and camped about dark. The Sixth was ordered to cross the creek and ascertain the rebel position, which was satisfactory found out before we had marched far. We then returned and went into camp. August 13, crossed Cedar Creek on the Back road in forenoon, and soon after recrossed and went into camp again. August 14 and 15, remained in camp all day. August 16, marched to Cedarville on Front Roylal pike; 150 men of the regiment were sent out on picket; shortly after the line was attacked by two brigades of infantry and one of cavalry; the brigade supported the line, and after a short action, the rebels were repulsed. August 17, brigade fell back to Berryville; camped three miles from town toward the river, the Sixth Michigan acting as rear guard. August 18, moved camp to Berryville. August 19, regiment was ordered out to assist Colonel Alger about dark. August 20, regiment went on picket on Snicker's Ferry road. August 21, was called in at noon and fell back to Charlestown . August 22, marched to Shepherdstown and went into camp. August 23, regiment on picket on Knoxville [Kearneysville] road. August 24, regiment on picket. August 25, relieved and marched with brigade to Knoxville [Kearneysville], where a strong force was encountered; the Sixth was dismounted, then remounted and formed for a charge, but was not sent in; about noon marched back and took position three miles south of Shepherdstown, where we were attacked and nearly surrounded about 3 p.m., and had to cut our way through to the river, which was safely accomplished by the brigade; encamped near Sharpsburg. August 26, marched to Antietam Ford and camped. August 27, marched back to Sharpsburg; started at 10 p.m. and marched all night toward Harper's Ferry, reaching there at daylight. August 28, marched to Leetown and joined the rest of the division, then to Smith field, and Sixth went on picket at ford below the town . August 29, regiment crossed the ford at 9 a.m. and connected with the First Michigan; after going a mile were ordered to the left and rear; finally recrossed the river and took up our old position, but were soon ordered back, and fell back near Charlestown and camped for the night. August 30, marched toward Berryville, and crossed about two miles north of the town. August 31, stayed in camp all day.

