
September 1, regiment relieved the Fifth Michigan on picket on Limestone Ridge. September 2, moved back toward Charlestown and camped at dark; started for Berryville, reaching there about 1 a.m.; halted until daylight. September 3, marched to White Post and out to the Front Royal pike, where the brigade halted and the Sixth was ordered to Newtown on a reconnaissance; went to within two miles and of half of Newtown, where a large force of rebels were discovered; returned, moved back one mile beyond White Post and encamped. September 4, marched back toward Berryville, Sixth in advance; when near Berryville encountered Mosby and chased him about three miles, capturing one lieutenant; moved to the right of Berryville and around to the Summit Point pike, and camped near Clifton; Sixth went on picket. September 5, on picket. September 6, relieved by Seventh Michigan Cavalry. September 7, remained in camp. September 8, went on reconnaissance to fords on Opequon. September 9, remained in camp. September 10, remained in camp; 100 men sent to report at dark to escort train. September 11, remained in camp. September 12, regiment escorted General Sheridan to Swan's Ford. September 13, brigade moved down to Locke's Ford and made demonstrations; Sixth on picket. September 14, remained on picket. September 15, relieved by Seventh Michigan and returned to camp. September 16 and 17, remained in camp. September 18, regiment made demonstrations at Swan's Ford in forenoon; returned to camp. September 19, started at 2 a.m., went to Swan's Ford, and then to Locke's Ford, where the Sixth was dismounted, and advanced to drive the rebels from the ford; after some firing this was accomplished, and brigade crossed over; followed the rebels to near Winchester; when the whole division charged them; after reforming twice the brigade charged the third time and brought out over 500 prisoners. The Sixth was in all of those charges and took their share of the prisoners. Afterward we marched through Winchester and camped three miles beyond. September 20, marched to Strasburg; went into camp on Rock Valley road. September 21, marched to Front Royal. September 22, started at 1 a.m. and marched to Milford. September 23, marched back to Front Royal; started at dark; marched back to Milford; halted till daylight. September 24, marched toward Luray; met Wickham's rebel cavalry about miles this side; whipped them in thirty minutes, and went on a piece and halted. I would remark that Major M. D. Birge and Lieutenant Probasco displayed great gallantry on the skirmish line during this skirmish. Marched to Luray Gap and camped. September 25, crossed the mountain to New Market; marched to Harrisonsburg and encamped. September 26, Colonel Kidd assumed command of brigade, and I took command of the regiment. Marched to Port Republic; shortly after arriving there I was ordered to cross the river and try and capture the enemy's wagon train. I charged down the road about two miles, when I found a strong line of infantry and cavalry and a section of artillery in front; and halted; shortly after was ordered back and threw out a skirmish line near the ford; at dark recrossed the river and encamped. September 27, regiment ordered to Cross Keys; went there and was joined by brigade shortly after; at dark moved back about two miles, and Sixth went on picket. September 28, joined brigade at Port Republic at dark. September 29, marched toward Piedmont; sent out one battalion to destroy mills, barns, &amp;c., and bring in cattle; crossed the Middle River and ordered to hold position until dark and join brigade at Mount Crawford, which I did. September 30, marched to Rollins' Mills and camped, one battalion acting as cattle guard.

