
October 1, staid in camp; one battalion went to Harrisonsburg with cattle to-day. October 2, regiment placed on skirmish line about noon and kept on till dark; then went on picket between Cross Keys and Rollins' Mills. October 3, still on picket. October 4, relieved by Seventh Michigan Cavalry and joined brigade at Cross Keys. October 5, remained in camp.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES W. DEANE,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain C. H. SAFFORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 141. Report of Major Melvin Brewer, First Michigan Cavalry, commanding First and Seventh Michigan Cavalry, of operations August 23.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY,August 23, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that according to orders I proceeded, in command of the First and Seventh Michigan Regiments, out on the Smithfield or Winchester pike. Found a few of the enemy's cavalry two miles and a half this side Kearneysville; drove them with some skirmishing to the other side of Kearneysville, occupied that station for twenty minutes and returned, leaving the enemy with a few dismounted skirmishers in our front. They belong to Johnson's command, and according to statements of citizens Johnson's and Gilmor's cavalry lay between Kearneysville and Leetown, Jackson's command having been relieved by them last evening. Gilmor, with his men, variously stated to be from 100 to 300, was at Kearneysville last evening. I found no damage done the railroad, and the telegraph uninjured. I could learn nothing in regard to Early's force.

Very respectfully,

M. BREWER,

Major, Commanding.

Captain BARNHART,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 142. Report of Major Daniel H. Darling, Seventh Michigan Cavalry, of operations November 7.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY,November 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders I made a reconnaissance to Edenburg, with the Seventh Regiment and 100 men of the Sixth Michigan Cavalry. We passed unmolested up the pike till we struck the enemy's picket line beyond the creek that crosses the pike this side of Edenburg. Their outer vedettes were driven in upon their main line, together with

