
overlooking our position near the New Market road. To carry the enemy's position it was necessary to cross the men by file (on the run) through two passages across a swamp and ditch, and form on the bottom under the crest and the enemy's fire. This was quickly effected; I formed the squadrons as they passed through, and ordered the Ninth New York Cavalry to gain the woods on the enemy's right flank; the Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry were ordered to support the Ninth New York, and as soon as the order was in process of execution I ordered the Sixth New York Cavalry to charge up the crest. The enemy, confused by the rapid and effective fire of the Ninth New York on their flank and the renewed attack of the Reserve Brigade on their left, retired precipitately when charged in front by the Sixth New York, and the brigade, closing in upon them, inflicted severe punishment, capturing seventy-two prisoners (besides a number of wounded), two battle-flags, and killing and wounding a large number of the enemy. The enemy showing a disposition to reform and advance, McIntire's section of Heaton's battery (which had already opened a heavy fire from the bottom) was ordered on the crest, and its splendid practice soon drove the enemy from the woods, where he was massing. The brigade was soon after relieved by Gibbon's division, of Second Corps. The Seventeenth Pennsylvania were ordered to take up a part of the new line for a time, but were retained until 10 p.m., and did not retire until they found the infantry had retired and left their flanks exposed. This short but brilliant engagement reflected great credit on the regiments engaged, and established the fact that our cavalry can dismount and with their carbines successfully repulse their own front of veteran infantry. Colonel Cesnola, with the Fourth New York Cavalry, was for a time cut off from the command, but succeeded in coming in, with the loss of one man wounded and a few horses.

July 29, at 1 a.m. crossed James River to Jones' Neck; at daylight recrossed to Deep Bottom and formed in line of battle with the division, remaining in line until dark, when the brigade recrossed the James and Appomattox Rivers, and on the morning of July 30 marched to the Jerusalem plank road on the left of the army. On the same night marched to Lee's Mills, relieving a brigade of Gregg's division. July 31 marched to City Point and encamped. August 3, embarked at City Point for Camp Stoneman at Giesborough Point. On the night of August 6 marched through Washington and Georgetown to Tennallytown, where the brigade encamped. August 7, marched by Rockville, Darnestown, and Dawsonville, to Monocacy Church, where the brigade encamped. August 8, marched by Point of Rocks, Petersville, and Knoxville, to Pleasant Valley, where the brigade encamped. August 9, crossed the Potomac at Harper's Ferry and marched to Hallotown, the brigade encamped. August 10, marched by Charlestown and Berryville to Chapel Bridge and encamped one mile beyond. Fight at the old toll-gate.

August 11, Colonel Cesnola, with the Fourth New York Cavalry, was ordered to reconnoiter toward Newtown. Colonel C. having reported the enemy in force on the Front Royal turnpike, the brigade was ordered up in support, the Sixth New York and Seventeenth Pennsylvania on the left and the Ninth New York advancing on a line one mile to the right, but intersecting the Front Royal pike. The enemy was found strongly posted behind stone walls at the point where the road from White Post to Newtown crosses the Front Royal pike. The Sixth New York were ordered to charge the enemy's left flank, but from the nature of the ground, fences, &amp;c., were unable to make any impression mounted, and

