
heavy force of infantry at the ford at the forks of the two rivers, at this time suddenly appeared in force on my left and front. The Fourth New York and two squadrons of Sixth were sent across the turnpike, and at once charged the enemy before he had an opportunity to form. The rebel infantry were driven into the river, where many of them were taken prisoners, and another battle-flag was captured by the Sixth New York Cavalry. Two squadrons of the Sixth New York had fortunately been left in reserve in a hollow upon the right of the pike. Simultaneously with the charge of the Fourth and Sixth New York upon the enemy's infantry his cavalry, led by General Wickham in person, again crossed the run and dashed up the pike. The head of his column was at once charged on flank by the two squadrons of Sixth New York, and again he was routed and driven across the run. The enemy had, by incredible exertion, succeeded in placing his guns upon the almost perpendicular crests before mentioned, and during the whole action kept an incessant rain of shot and shell upon our line, but fortunately with slight effect. The elevation was too great to allow of our guns being used upon them effectually, although Peirce's battery was advanced to the front and succeeded in reaching the crest with shell. General Custer in the meantime engaged the enemy upon my extreme left, and although he made repeated efforts to gain a footing upon this side of the run, he was in every instance repulsed until dark.

August 17, the brigade marched to Nineveh. At that point the Fourth New York Cavalry were sent to the vicinity of While Post to burn all hay and grain stacks, &amp;c. The other regiments marched to the Berryville turnpike to near Chapel Run, where the brigade encamped, picketing the front of the division. August 19, Colonel Cesnola assumed command of the brigade, Colonel Devin having been wounded in the action at Front Royal. August 20, the brigade was ordered to retire to Berryville and encamp. August 21, the brigade was ordered to cover the retirement of Lowell's brigade, which had been attacked by the enemy on the Winchester pike. After Colonel Lowell had withdrawn, the brigade was ordered to cover the rear of the division, then retiring to Charlestown, where the command encamped. August 22, marched to near Shepherdstown and encamped, picketing toward Charlestown. August 25, marched to Kearneysville, where the brigade went into action on the right of the division, then about to engage the enemy's infantry. At 1 p.m., after suffering severely, the brigade was ordered to retire in column parallel with First Brigade; marched to near Shepherdstown, when the command again engaged the enemy, who had closed up and had succeeded in cutting off the First Brigade from the division. Major Durland, with Seventeenth Pennsylvania, was ordered to charge the enemy and open communication with the First Brigade. The major charged gallantly, driving the enemy back into the woods and to a certain extent relieving the First Brigade, although he did not succeed in opening communication. The brigade was then ordered to retire and encamped near Bolivar Heights. August 26, advanced pickets to near Charlestown. August 28, marched to Leetown and engaged the enemy's cavalry, driving them through Smithfield, where the brigade encamped. August 29, the brigade went into action on the extreme left of the division, then engaged with the enemy's infantry. After a severe fight the brigade was ordered to retire in column parallel with the other brigades, and encamped on Washington's farm. August 30, the brigade marched to Berryville in

