
advance of the division and encamped near the town. Colonel Cesnola was relieved from command and ordered to Harper's Ferry for muster out.

I would respectfully state that in consequence of a wound received in action near Front Royal, I was absent from the brigade from August 19 to September 15, and am consequently to detail from personal observation the operations of the brigade during that time, but have been obliged to rely upon such data as are now accessible. I believe, however, the facts as stated are mainly correct.

Throughout the whole of this quick, sharp, and arduous campaign the officers and men of the brigade have been true to their reputation and that of the gallant old First Division. The regimental commanders-Cesnola, Durland, Nichols, and Beardsley-have been up to the mark and their men have followed with the confidence that arises from an implicit trust the ability of their gallant leaders. My staff-Captains Mahnken, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Wright, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain White, provost-marshal; Surgeon Clarke, and Lieutenant Wheeler, brigade quartermaster, and Lieutenants Cating and Parker, acting aides-de-camp-have added to their already well earned reputations as gallant soldiers and efficient staff.

Detailed lists of casualties during this campaign, and of prisoners and property captured, have already been forwarded to division headquarters.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. C. DEVIN,

Brewet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain A. E. DANA,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division.

AUGUST 22, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

COLONEL: I have the honor, in accordance with your request, to transmit a resume of the operations of my brigade on the 15th [16th] instant. I have endeavored to be as brief as possible, consistent with furnishing you a clear idea of what occurred.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. C. DEVIN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

About 3 p.m. on Monday [Tuesday], August 15 [16], the pickets of Devin's (Second) Brigade, First Cavalry Division (then holding the fords of the Shenadoah) were driven in by a heavy force of cavalry. The brigade was at once advanced in support, and the Fourth New York Cavalry, Colonel Cesnola, was ordered to charge the rebel cavalry, who were endeavoring to surround and capture our dismountal men. The Fourth charged with the saber, routing and driving back the rebel column and capturing the battle-flag of the Third Virginia Cavalry, with a number of prisoners. The enemy now threw a heavy force of infantry across the river on the left of the position. The Fourth and part of the Sixth New York were ordered to charge them before they could succeed in forming. This was successfully accomplished, the Sixth New York, Major Beardsley commanding, capturing the battle-flag of Cobb's Legion and a large number of prisoners. General Custer

