
at the same time charged on the extreme left, with great success, capturing a number of prisoners. While the Fourth and Sixth were charging the rebel infantry, the cavalry, under Brigadier-General Wickham, again advanced to turn our right. As soon as the flank of their column was fully exposed two squadrons of the Sixth New York were charge and again broke and routed them. The Ninth New York (with the exception of Hanley's squadron) was posted on the roads to the right and was not heavily engaged. The Seventeenth Pennsylvania was drawn up in support and suffered somewhat from the heavy artillery fire of the enemy.

The brigade lost in killed, wounded, and missing, 8 officers and 37 enlisted men. Ten officers and 128 enlisted men were captured by the brigade, and a large number of the enemy's wounded were brought in and cared for.

Captain Mann, of Fourth New York, was killed, and Captain Schneider, of Fourth and Captain Heermance and Lieutenant Weston, of Sixth New York, were desperately wounded while charging at the head of their squadrons.

Colonel Devin, commandant the brigade, was attack struck in the foot by a minie-ball.

Captain Hanley, of Ninth New York, behaved with distinguished gallantry, and had three horses shot under him during the action.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,October 23, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade from September 1 to October 21:

September 2, the brigade marched from Berryville to Rippon, returning the same night to Berryville. September 3, the brigade marched to White Post and encamped. September 4, marched to near Snicker's Ferry and encamped. September 5, marched to Summit Point and encamped. September 6, marched to near Smithfield and encamped. During a skirmish near the Opequon, Captain Reinhold, Seventeenth Pennsylvania, was killed. September 9, the First New York Dragoons were transferred to the brigade and Colonel Gibbs assumed command. The brigade remained at Smithfield holding the line of the Opequon until September 19, at which time Brevet Brigadier-General Devin returned and assumed command.

Battle of the Opequon.- A full detail of the operations of the brigade during this battle has been forwarded to you.*

September 20, the brigade was ordered to advance on the Strasburg pike to the crossing of Cedar Creek. Passed through Kernstown and Newtown without opposition; came up with the enemy's cavalry at Middletown; drove them across Cedar Creek and through Strasburg to Fisher's Hill. I was here ordered to hold the town until relieved by the infantry at 5 p.m. The brigade then marched to the right and encamped for the night. September 21, was detached from the division, crossed Cedar Creek, and encamped near Middletown. At this point the Seventeenth Pennsylvania was detached and ordered to Winchester and the Fourth New York to Harper's Ferry, leaving me less than 600 men. September 22, at 5.30 p.m. I received orders from Major-General Sheridan to advance rapidly with my brigade and join in the pursuit of the enemy, then in full retreat from Fisher's Hill.

---------------

* See report dated October 13, p.481.

---------------

