
After passing through Strasburg I found the roads blocked up with our infantry advancing. With great difficulty I reached the head of our infantry column, twelve miles from my camp, about 10 p.m., and reported to General Sheridan. One section of my battery was placed in position and opened upon the enemy's rear. I was now ordered to advance through the fields on the turnpike, on a line parallel with the head of the infantry column.

September 23, at daylight, having reached Woodstock, I was ordered to take the advance and pursue the enemy through Mount Jackson. I came up with and engaged his cavalry at a creek three miles south of Edensburg, and drove them through Hawkinsville to Mount Jackson. Here a large force of infantry was plainly visible bivouacked around the town. I ordered Taylor's battery into position on the crest on the left of the pike and opened upon the enemy, at the same time advancing the Ninth New York as skirmishers with the Sixth New York in support. They immediately became warmly engaged. General Averell now came up with the Second Division West Virginia Cavalry, and assumed command. He deployed one of his brigades on the left and the other on the right of my command. I remained in position in the center until dark, when, having expended my ammunition, I was ordered to retire. September 24, sunrise our infantry came up and I was ordered to advance on the left toward Mount Jackson. On arriving at that place I was ordered by General Sheridan to send a regiment across the river on our left, drive in the enemy's cavalry skirmish line, and develop the force on his (the enemy's) right. The order was promptly, successfully executed by Colonel Gibbs with the First New York. I was now ordered to cross with the balance of my command and press the enemy's right. Finding the enemy in full retreat, I swung around on the turnpike, deploying on both sides in advance of our infantry skirmishers, and pressed forward on the trot. At this point the Ninth New York was ordered to the left to follow some trains said to have gone in that direction. I came up with the enemy's line of battle in front of New Market. Ordering Taylor's battery to the front (and on a ridge to the right of the road) I opened with shell and spherical case-shot, at the same time advancing the First New York as skirmishers. The enemy at once replied with a battery a hill on my right front. I had pressed up to within 500 yards, when the enemy retired precipitately through the town. I charged half way through the main street, and on the left, but a hot fire from the inclosures and gardens forced me back. I now dismounted two squadrons of the First New York, cleared the town, charged through with the rest of my command, and found another line formed 300 yards beyond and retiring in excellent order. I again advanced my skirmishers and battery, and again the enemy retired. The chase continued in this manner to a point seven miles south of New Market, the enemy retiring from one position to another, while I pressed them so sharply with my skirmishers and Taylor's battery (I had nothing more) that I was frequently within 500 yards, and the enemy was compelled to retire in line. At dark I was relieved by the infantry and went into camp. The Ninth New York joined me during the night, not having any train. Nothing could surpass the gallantry with my little force (less than 400 men) continued to press the enemy's line, though at times two miles from support. Lieutenant Taylor handled his guns most efficiently.

September 25, I was ordered to advance to Harrisonsburg. This I did without opposition, and ascertaining that a large part of the enemy's forces had passed on the Keezletown road I formed on that front. I was

