
to the right of the turnpike above Tom's Brook and encamped. October 11, the brigade marched through Strasburg, across Cedar Creek, and encamped near Bowman's Ford. October 13, the enemy having attacked the left of our infantry lines, the brigade was marched to the right of the turnpike and encamped with the division.

October 14, I was ordered to cross Cedar Creek in front of our right; endeavored to reach Strasburg from that direction and ascertain to what point the enemy had retired. On arriving near the hill overlooking the town, I found a brigade of the Eighth Corps which had advanced by the pike. A small force of the enemy were occupying the town and earthworks on this side. I ordered the Sixth New York to charge, supported by the First New York. The order was promptly executed and the enemy driven through the town. He then advanced a regiment of infantry through the woods on my right and also a regiment of infantry up the turnpike from Fisher's Hill. As I had no artillery with me and had been ordered, not to engage the infantry of the enemy, I retired when attacked to the crest from which I had first advanced. At 3 p.m. the Ninth New York, which had been sent toward the Back road, joined me, and I again advanced and drove the enemy from the town. He at once deployed two lines of battle, consisting of at least one brigade each, on the slope and in the works on Fisher's Hill west of the turnpike. Both the enemy's line and my own remained in this position until dark, when I retired in pursuance of orders to retire when I had ascertained that the enemy occupied Fisher's Hill in force. The brigade encamped with the division west of Middletown.

October 15, at 7 p.m., the brigade marched with the division by Cedarville to Front Royal, crossing both forks of the Shenandoah and encamped near the town. At 8 a.m. October 16 I was ordered to recross in advance of the division and mass near Cedarville. At 12 m. the brigade returned to camp near Middletown.

Battle of Cedar Creek.-At daylight, on the morning of the 19th, the left of our infantry lines was attacked by the enemy. Immediately on hearing the firing I ordered the command to saddle up. I was soon after ordered by General Merritt to deploy my command toward the turnpike and drive up the infantry stragglers. On deploying my command as skirmishers toward the left I found large numbers of the infantry retiring by regiments, companies, squads, and stragglers. With some difficulty I checked the rout at this point (between the turnpike and the cavalry camp), it being necessary in several instances to fire on the crowds retiring, and to use the saber frequently. I now proceeded to the turnpike and found a brigade of the Second Division, which had just come in from the left. I immediately deployed the left of my line in connection with them. At this time the enemy advanced through the town, and commenced to drive in the skirmishers of the brigade mentioned. A battery also opened upon us from the rear of the town. As I was fearful that the enemy would turn our left at this point, gain possession of the turnpike, and make ascertain the disaster that was then imminent (viz, the loss of our trains, and perhaps the rout of the army), I requested the officer in command of this brigade to dismount his command and seize and hold the stone walls crossing the road at this point. He protested that his men had great objections to fighting dismounted, and declined to accede to my request. Fortunately, General Merritt had become aware of the state of affairs and ordered Colonel Lowell with the Reserve Brigade to my support. That gallant officer, at my request, at once dismounted a part of his command and seized the stone walls. I was soon after enabled to withdraw my command

