
from the right and to re-enforce Colonel Lowell's line with the Sixth New York and part of the First New York, and the position was held until the general advance at 3 p.m., although, the enemy made several determined efforts to drive us from it, and even gained our right and rear by the retiring of our infantry lines. Taylor's battery had been placed in position on the right, but on ascertaining the situation on the turnpike I ordered it to that point and posted it immediately in rear of the stone walls referred to. The enemy immediately concentrated upon it a converging fire from several batteries, disabling one 3-inch rifled gun and killing several men and a number of horses. I was obliged to retire the battery to another and more sheltered position on the left of the turnpike. In both positions, however, it was well served and most efficiently. At 3 p.m. I was ordered to advance on the right of the division and connecting with the left of our infantry lines, my right on the turnpike. On reaching the town (Middletown) it became necessary to dislodge the enemy, who occupied the gardens and inclosures. Twice the Sixth and First New York charged the town, and each time were compelled to retire under the terrible fire, as it was impossible from the nature of the ground to reach the enemy's infantry. The brigade was at the same time exposed to a hot fire on its right flank from the enemy's line on the opposite side of the turnpike, which line had not yet been dislodged by our infantry. On again advancing the brigade passed to the left of the town and advanced rapidly toward Cedar Creek. I was now ordered to charge down to the creek. On reaching the creek I ordered the leading regiment (Sixth New York) to break by platoons and charge the bridge. This bridge was about 150 feet in length, some 30 feet high, and so narrow that but two horses could pass abreast. The enemy's infantry were in line across the turnpike. The Sixth gallantly charged across the bridge, Lieutenant Blunt, of my staff, in advance. The enemy fired one valley, and as the Sixth dashed at them they broke for the woods on the left. Adjutant Main, of the Sixth New York, was killed at this point, Sergeant Grimshaw shot through the going, and several men wounded. I had sent Captain White, brigade inspector, to bring the other regiments across the ford on the left, and had myself crossed with the Sixth New York. On the enemy's breaking I went to the left of the turnpike to form the other regiments as they came up. I ordered Colonel Gibbs to form two squadrons of his regiment and to look out for our right flank, and myself proceeded to the front. Up to this time I was not aware that any troops, except those of our division, had crossed Cedar Creek. While the Sixth were charging up the road I had noticed a skirmish line (of certainly not over thirty men) advancing over the hill from the right, which I at first supposed to be a squall of rebel cavalry, and afterward thought must have been a part of my own men who had diverged to the right. I afterward learned that they were part of General Custer's force. While crossing to the right of the turnpike to ascertain if there was any movement on that flank I met a gun going to the rear, and some person, either a commissioned or non-commissioned officer, called out to me. "We have got the gun; a gun and a stand of colors for the First Vermont." I asked the men want they were doing there, and they answered that their regiment had crossed upon the right. I proceeded down the road and soon met a non-commissioned officer of the Sixth New York with a gun. I at once ordered all of the First New York Dragoons to the front, except one squadron; I proceeded toward Strasburg and successively met men of the Sixth New York and First New York Dragoons with guns, caissons, &amp;c.

