
My officers and men were repeatedly fired into after passing the railroad and one man of the First New York Dragoons killed. As I was returning I met a field officer, a major of the Fifth New York Cavalry; I saw also another officer, a staff lieutenant. These were the only officers I saw except those of my own command. I respectfully trust that nothing in this latter explanatory report will be constructed as reflecting on the gallant soldiers of the Third Division, who charged with my men. The glory acquired was sufficient for all, and they are heartily welcome to their share.

October 20, at daylight the Ninth New York, with part of the First New York Dragoons, were ordered to proceed to Strasburg, and, if possible, gain Fisher's Hill, and ascertain whether the enemy remained in that vicinity. Soon after, the brigade was ordered to march with the division to that point. Colonel Gibbs, on reaching Fisher's Hill, found it occupied by two squadrons of the enemy holding the approach on the turnpike. He succeeded in ascending the hill on the left, charged and drove the enemy to near Tom's Brook. The brigade advanced with the division on the turnpike to Woodstock, where the command was massed and the men and horses were fed, after fasting for thirty-six hours, during which they were almost constantly fighting, marching, or working. At 4 p.m. I was ordered to return to Tom's Brook and sweep the country east of the turnpike as far as the maintains. The Ninth New York was ordered to move up on the east side of the river; two squadrons of the First New York were deployed to move up the west bank, and with the remainder of the brigade I moved to the right of the ridge east of the turnpike. We succeeded in picking up some twenty-five infantry stragglers from the rebel army. The brigade encamped north of Tom's Brook. October 21, I was ordered to march to Strasburg; thence crossing Cedar Creek, the brigade moved into camp with the division on the left of the army. Throughout the whole of these operations the officers and men of this command behaved with distinguished gallantry. During the early part of the engagement at Cedar Creek, when all seemed lost, I did not see a single cavalry straggler, and the men stood up nobly under a most withering fire. When obliged to retire the movement was effected in perfect order, and new lines formed as if on parade.

I respectfully trust that it may not be considered out of place here to mention the hearty and willing co-operation that was at all times extended to me by the brave and lamented Colonel Lowell, commanding the Reserve Brigade. In him the service has lost an estimable gentleman, and a gallant soldier whose future was bright with promise.

List of casualties and returns of prisoners and property captured have already been forwarded to division headquarters.

Very respectfully,

THOS. C. DEVIN,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

Captain A. E. DANA, Asst. Adjt. General, First Cavalry Division.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,October 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the operations of this brigade during the action of September 19, 1864, near Winchester, Va.:

The brigade marched from Summit Point at 2 a.m., in rear of the division and train, and arrived at Seivers' Ford, on the Opequon, soon

31 R R-VOL XLIII, PT I

