
than 100 men, captured 2 battle-flags and over 100 prisoners. The little band suffered severely in this charge. I was now ordered to mass the brigade near Winchester, and at dark was ordered to advance on the Strasburg pike, where I encamped one mile beyond the town.

The officers and men of the brigade, as usual sustained their old reputation, and where all behaved so gallantly it is impossible to discriminate. The officers of my staff behaved gallantly, in every instance charging with the regiments to whom they conveyed the order.

Lists of casualties* and names of officers individually distinguished have already been forwarded to division headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. C. DEVIN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain A. E. DANA,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,October 15, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the operations of this brigade during the pursuit of the enemy on the 9th of October, 1864:

The brigade marched at sunrise to near Tom's Run, at which point I was ordered to form on the left of First Brigade. I was soon after ordered to cross the run and form on the opposite crest, connecting on the left with Reserve Brigade and on the right with First Brigade. While this order was in process of execution the Reserve Brigade became warmly engaged with a heavy force of the enemy moving up the turnpike. That brigade was forced back to my left and rear and the enemy appeared in force in the woods on my left and front. I at once dismounted two squadrons of First New York Dragoons and soon dislodged them, at the same time relieving the pressure on Colonel Lowell's front. I was now ordered by General Merritt to advance and press the enemy, which I did with success, my skirmishers advancing at the trot. I reached Woodstock with but slight opposition, and taking a road to the right drove a force of the enemy rapidly through the woods and across the run and ravine beyond the town. Ascertaining that the road bore too much to the right, I crossed the country to the turnpike, on which I met General Torbert, who ordered me to take the advance on a trot and pursue the enemy to Edenburg. On arriving at that point I found the enemy had passed through. I at once forded Stony Creek with the Ninth New York Cavalry, and at a gallop pursued the enemy up the turnpike. When near Hawkinsburg we pressed them so closely that they were obliged to leave in our hands one of the two guns yet in their possession, continuing their retreat with the other. On rising the crest of the hill a party of the enemy could be seen retiring on the road to the right while none could be seen on the turnpike. I naturally concluded that the remaining gun had gone in that direction, and ordered Colonel Nichols with Ninth New York Cavalry to pursue on that road. Ascertaining from a prisoner captured that the gun had gone toward Mount Jackson, I ordered Captain Edwards with a detachment of Sixth New York Cavalry to pursue on a gallop. The Sixth charged clear through Mount Jackson, but the gun had been taken

---------------

* Embodied in table, p.116.

---------------

