
hastily across the river, on the south bank of which as strong force of the enemy were endeavoring to form. Many of the horses already broken in the long and rapid pursuit (nearly twenty miles, and eight miles on the gallop), and after holding Mount Jackson for an hour the command was ordered to retire. The rebel surgeons at the hospital at Mount Jackson stated that the force we were pursuing consisted of two brigades of cavalry under General Lomax, and that they passed through at a rapid and in evident terror. The First New York Dragoons while following the command discovered a park of thirty-one wagons loaded with ordnance and quartermaster's stores. The wagons and contents were burned by our troops.

The men and officers behaved splendidly, as usual.

Lists of casualties and property captured and destroyed have already been forwarded to division headquarters.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. C. DEVIN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain A. E. DANA,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division.

No. 145. Report of Major William E. Beardsley, Sixth New York Cavalry, of operations August 13.

WINCHESTER, VA., August 14, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the arrival in this place with all of our brigade train but about eight or ten wagons. We were attacked by Mosby at daylight yesterday morning in Berryville (en-route for Winchester), and a disgraceful panic ensued, resulting in the entire destruction of the Reserve Brigade's train and a portion of ours, with battery forges, &amp;c., the running off of nearly all the mules, the capture of a large number of prisoners, killing of five men of ours, with many wounded; among the latter is Captain McKinney, flesh wound in right thigh; he is here and doing well. After emptying my pistol in exchange with an officer, and being hard pressed, without a single man as support, I dashed off and checked the guard (100-days' men), but failed to get them back until finding Mason and one man of the old Sixth with a carbine, we deployed as skirmishers, and returned to the head of our train, where a party applying the torch, and by the use of the one carbine succeeded in driving off the enemy and secured the paymaster's treasure chest and trunk of pay-rolls, which we carried on our horses to a place of security, when I succeeded in rallying about twelve muskets, under a sergeant, who advanced as skirmishers, when a single volley saved all our train but eight wagons, which were already burned. Lieutenant Allyn had charge of 200 head of cattle; all missing from the rear of the train. I sent for cavalry, and shortly the First Rhode Island arrived, but about thirty minutes too late, the enemy having disappeared with their booty in the direction of Snicker's Gap, and they did not pursue. I sent to this place for ambulances and have the wounded here. General Kenly, commanding here, sent down his teams, and our brigade train is now here without teams, except nine wagons, including your wagon and the two regimental ones. Now, what shall we do? No guard furnished us, neither teams with which to proceed.

