
Major Sawyer is here and anxious to pay. His money, $112,000 is also safe. I have no hesitation in saying that with fifty good men of the Sixth New York I could have repulsed the thieves. Mr. Evarts now informs me that for lack of teams he was obliged to abandon all the forage and seven wagons and three battery forges, all in good condition, now at Berryville, which, for lack of guards, cannot return for them. the infantry here are only in the way. We shall remain here until we hear from you. I am myself still quite sick.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. BEARDSLEY,

Major Sixth New York Cavalry.

Colonel THOMAS C. DEVIN,

Commanding Second Brigade, First Cavalry Division.

No. 146. Report of Captain E. Farmer, Sixth New York Cavalry, of operations October 19.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH NEW YORK CAVALRY,October 23, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from Brevet Brigadier-General Devin, I have the honor to report that on the evening of the 19th instant, in accordance with instructions received from Brevet Brigadier-General Devin, the Sixth New York Cavalry was formed in columns of platoons north of the bridge on Cedar Creek, for the purpose of charging the enemy. The command charged in column across the bridge, driving the enemy's infantry from the opposite side into the first crest of woods. At this moment several mounted men appeared on the hill on our right, one of whom waved a red flag. Mistaking them for the enemy, the command turned to the right, where we found General Custer with the First Vermont and Fifth New York Cavalry. The regiment was here formed on the left of General Custer's command, and charged at the same time. The charge was continued through the town of Strasburg. At the outer edge of the town the advance halted, the men having become scattered in securing and carrying off the plunder. The advance mentioned consisted of ten or fifteen men belonging to the First Vermont and Fifth and Sixth New York Cavalry. in charging the bridge we lost one man wounded. In charging the artillery and trains we lost our adjutant (John G. Main) killed and one man severely wounded. The colors of the Forty-fourth Georgia (captured by Chief Bugler Thomas M. Wells),* seven pieces of artillery, one caisson, a number of wagons and ambulances, besides a number of prisoners, were brought in by this command, all of which was turned over to Lieutenant W. N. Chamberlin, acting quartermaster.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE E. FARMER,

Captain, Sixth New York Cavalry, Commanding.

Captain J. H. MAHNKEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigade, First Cavalry Division.

---------------

* Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

