
No. 147. Report of Colonel Charles R. Lowell, jr., Second Massachusetts Cavalry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations August 9-31.

Report of operations of Third Brigade, First Cavalry Division, Middle Military Division, for August, 1864:

August 9, brigade organized near Halltown, Va. August 10, moved to Summit Point, on extreme right of army, skirmishing near the Opequon. Eighteen prisoners captured-15 Imboden's cavalry and 13 Rodes' division. August 11, crossed Opequon to Winchester, driving out 200 of enemy's cavalry; light skirmishing; captured 5 prisoners; moved to White Post. August 12, took the advance through Newtown and Middletown to Cedar Creek; took 3 prisoners. Skirmished at Cedar Creek; took 14 prisoners. August 13, 14, and 15, camped near Cedar Creek and picketed. August 16, left camp and moved to old forge on extreme right. August 17, moved to Winchester, on Back road, burning forage and driving in stock; skirmishing near Winchester; moved across Opequon Creek on Berryville and Winchester pike. August 18, skirmishing; fell back one mile from creek. August 19, in camp; picketing on right; attack on our lines toward evening repulsed. August 20, attacked about 4 p.m.; repulsed the enemy and connected picket with Second Brigade on left, Third Division on right; kept the old line one mile from the Opequon. August 21, attacked 10 a.m. vigorously; skirmished constantly till 2 p.m., when retired by order to near Berryville, followed by enemy; tried to take position on ridge west of town; thrown into confusion for a time, but held the ridge till ordered back and moved to north fork of Bullskin Run through Rippon. August 22, moved to Charlestown; sharp skirmish; had the rear guard to Halltown; picketed left of the army to the Shenandoah. August 23, in camp picketing. August 24, reconnaissance made on the left; captured 13 prisoners. August 25, reconnaissance made; 4 prisoners captured; killed 3, wounded, 4, left in our hands. August 26, reconnaissance made; captured 1 lieutenant-colonel, 3 captains, 3 lieutenants, and 69 enlisted men, Fifteenth South Carolina. August 27, enemy retired; followed them to Charlestown; 1 prisoner taken, Kershaw's; 2 prisoners taken near Duffield's sharp skirmish in afternoon with Lomax. August 28, moved to north fork of Bullskin Run, left of army. August 29, moved to Summit Point; still on extreme left. August 30, reconnaissance made toward Opequon; killed 2 lieutenants and 3 men, left in our hands; captured 5 enlisted men (Lomax's brigade); moved to Smithfield pike. August 31, in camp; regiments picketing Summit Point, Smithfield, and Leetown.

In the various skirmishers the brigade has lost 3 officers and 14 men killed, 2 officers and 56 men wounded, and 1 officer and 3 men captured and missing.

Total number of prisoners captured by the brigade, 7 officers and 121 enlisted men. Two officers and 6 enlisted men killed, and 4 enlisted men wounded.

C. R. LOWELL, JR.,

Colonel Second Massachusetts Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

