
without further molestation, and the brigade bivouacked for the night on the heights on the east bank of the Opequon . About 10 a.m. on the 29th the enemy appeared in force on the opposite heights, and showed a strong force of cavalry, artillery, and infantry. A section of the battery was placed on each side of the road leading to the bridge across the river. The Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry constructed a barricade of rails in front of the battery, which was occupied by one of its squadrons, under Captain Morrow. The First New York Dragoons, First and Second U. S. Cavalry, with the remainder of the Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, were deployed, dismounted, in the woods and on the ridge bordering the stream. About 11.30 a.m. the enemy opened furiously from two batteries on either side of the road leading to Bunker Hill, and made excellent practice, many case-shot and shells exploding in and about the battery and among the led horses. About 12.30 p.m. the enemy crossed the stream on both flanks, and showed a strong force of infantry in front. The command fell slowly back, contesting sharply foot of ground, retiring without confusion and leisurely for about three miles, which took about four hours and a half, the battery going into position twice, and being served with great precision. When about three miles from Charlestown the brigade came into position, and made a firm stand; the enemy, however, soon ceased pursuit and retired. About 5 p.m., part of the Sixth Corps having arrived and formed line of battle on the left of the road, the Second U. S. Cavalry was deployed as skirmishers on the right of the road, supported by a strong line of battle, composed of the Sixth Pennsylvania and First New York Dragoons, with the First United States as a reserve, and moved steadily toward the Opequon. The enemy was found in small force, retiring quickly at our approach, firing sluggishly. At sunset the brigade passed beyond Smithfield, and halted upon the crest overlooking the river, driving the enemy across the river, when all firing ceased. Our loss was 1 officer killed and 4 wounded and 30 men killed and wounded. At dark the brigade returned to within two miles and a half of Charlestown, where it went into camp. On the 30th the brigade moved at 3 p.m. on the Summit Point and Berryville pike, and went into camp near the forks of that and the Charlestown pike. Remained in camp on the 31st ultimo and 1st of September.

I have omitted to mention that on the 13th of August the train of the brigade, while en route to join it at Cedar Creek and guarded by a battalion of 100 days' men, was attacked by guerrillas at or near Berryville at daylight and completely destroyed, with all the archives of the brigade headquarters, regiments, &amp;c., officers' baggage, &c. At this time it was about eighteen miles distant from the brigade.

On the 15th instant [ultimo] the brigade commissary, First Lieut . J. S. Walker, regimental commissary First U. S. Cavalry, while on his way to Harper's Ferry on official business, with an escort of five men, when near Charlestown was attacked by guerrillas and murdered, and First Lieutenant Philip Dwyer, regimental commissary Fifth U. S. Cavalry, wounded and taken prisoner. All of the escort except one were killed or wounded and taken prisoner. On the 16th of August Second Lieutenant John Barry, First U. S. Cavalry, with a party of forty men, was sent to communicate with the infantry on the right and report. He proceeded to Newtown, and, finding the enemy there, proceeded to Winchester, where he found the infantry and reported and proceeded to rejoin the brigade. He was attacked at the cross-roads of the pike and White Post roads, and was obliged to retreat with the loss of seven men, rejoining camp in safety on the 18th.

