
Owing to the absence of official documents, I am unable to furnish a correct list of the killed, wounded, and missing, but copies of the lists have already been forwarded to your office.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED GIBBS,

Colonel First New York Dragoons, Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. E. DANA,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. First Cavalry Division.

No. 149. Report of Colonel Charles R. Lowell, jr., Second Massachusetts Cavalry, commanding Reserve Brigade, of operations September 8-October 4.

Report of operations of the Cavalry Reserve Brigade from September 8, 1864, to October 4, 1864:

September 8, 1864, the Reserve Brigade was reorganized under Special Orders, No. 103, September 8, 1864, headquarters First Cavalry Division. The First New York Dragoons were replaced by the Second Massachusetts Cavalry, and the Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry was ordered to Pleasant Valley for muster-out. Colonel Lowell, Second Massachusetts Cavalry, assumed command. September 8-12, the brigade lay in camp near Summit Point, picketing on the left of the cavalry line and in front of the Sixth Corps. September 13, made demonstration at Locke's Ford, on the Opequon, in conjunction with First Brigade; took one lieutenant and ten privates of Breckinridge's corps; returned to former camp at night-fall. September 14-18, picketing as before. September 19, marched at 2 a.m.; reached the Opequon at Seivers' Ford before daybreak. The enemy's picket-line was driven in by Second U. S. Cavalry and Second Massachusetts Cavalry, about forty prisoners being taken, and the opposite bank of the creek occupied in a line of about three miles, the right connecting with the First Brigade. A very gallant charge was made by Second U. S. Cavalry on one of Breckinridge's batteries, but was repulsed, the infantry supports being well placed behind rails breast high, a simultaneous charge by the First Brigade being also repulsed. Soon after noon the whole line was advanced to the Martinsburg pike; the brigade was necessarily much scattered. Two squadrons of the Second Massachusetts Cavalry joined the charge of the Second Brigade on the enemy's infantry; the rest of that regiment got mixed up with the skirmish line of Averell's division. The First, Second, and Fifth U. S. Cavalry advanced toward Winchester, on the left of the pike; charged a battery supported by infantry and cavalry; captured two guns, with their caissons and most of the horses and drivers. What part of these regiments could be rallied assisted in the subsequent charge of the First Brigade upon a brigade of the enemy's infantry. After dark the brigade was moved through Winchester and camped two miles out on the Valley pike. September 20, marched to Strasburg and camped on the road to Capon Springs. September 21, marched to Front Royal and camped on the Shenandoah. September 22, marched to Millford in support of the Third Division; relieved one of its brigades on the right of the line, but no attack on the enemy's position was ordered; fell back to McCoy's Ford and camped. Captain Emmons, assistant adjutant-general, wounded. September 23, marched to near Cedarville, dispersing en route a detachment of Mosby, under Captain Mountjoy, killing thirteen. From Cedarville returned by forced march to Millford, finding that position

