
just evacuated by the enemy. September 24, marched up valley to Luray, supporting First Brigade in a rapid and brilliant affair with one of Wickham's brigades, two squadrons of the Second Massachusetts Cavalry charging and capturing battle-flag of Sixth Virginia Cavalry and twenty prisoners; camped west of Shenandoah. September 25, crossed ridge to New Market; marched in the afternoon to Harrisonburg camped. September 26, the brigade was temporarily detached, acting with Third Division under order of chief of cavalry; marched in the advance to Staunton, capturing prisoners, cattle, and stores; camped east of the town. September 27, destroying; at 4 p.m. marched to Waynesborough. September 28, the brigade on picket at Rock fish Gap and toward New Hope. At 5 p.m. were attacked at both points by cavalry, artillery, and infantry, and fell back to position above Waynesborough. After dark returned with Third Division through Staunton and by forced march to Spring Hill, the brigade having both the advance and rear guards. September 29, moved to Bridgewater and anon to Mount Crawford, camping on the left of the infantry and picketing to Cross Keys and Rockland Mills. September 30, rejoined the brigade, camping and picketing as before. October 1-3, encamped north of Mount Crawford, picketing upon the pike. October 3, made a reconnaissance in afternoon upon pike. October 4, in camp; picketing as before.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. LOWELL, JR.,

Colonel Second Massachusetts Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. E. DANA,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division.

No. 150. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Casper Crowninshield, Second Massachusetts Cavalry, commanding Reserve Brigade, of operations October 5-31.

Report of operations of the Cavalry Reserve Brigade from October 5, 1864, to October 31, 1864, inclusive:

October 5, moved in morning to Cross Keys; picket in front, connecting with Second Brigade on right and left covering road leading to Harrisonburg. October 6, at 7 a.m. withdrew pickets and moved with division to Harrisonburg, thence down the Valley on Ridge road to Timberville. First and Second United States and one squadron Second Massachusetts Cavalry on duty all day burning hay and grain and collecting cattle. Camped at Timberville, picketing toward Harrisonburg, connecting with Third Division on right and Second Brigade, First Division, on left. October 7, moved along Ridge road, intersecting pike near Edenburg; found the enemy following up the infantry; moved out in connection with Second Brigade to develop their strength; enemy fell back as we advanced, and not finding them in any force fell back north [of] Edenburg, picketing in front. October 8, moved through Woodstock and across Tom's Creek, connecting with Third Division on right and Second Brigade, First Division, on left. October 9, broke camp at sunrise; moved out on the pike; sent out an advance guard at Tom's Creek; moved down the pike one-quarter of a mile, and met the enemy in force; formed skirmish line, connecting with Second Brigade on right, when the enemy opened with artillery and simultaneously charged our skirmish line, driving it back a short distance, when

