
junior officer on the 23rd of August without any just cause. While I had the entire country on the right flank of the army to guard up to the 19th September and had the orders of the major-general commanding to attack the enemy whenever I had an opportunity, my successes were barely mentioned, my activity was covertly censured and an unjust impression was permitted to rest in the mind of the General-in-Chief to the extent of causing him to send an optional order for my relief. It was, I believe, admitted on the 19th of September, on both sides, that our cavalry attack was the key to the victory which we won, and I think it was obvious that the success of that attack, as to time and place, was mainly attributable to the exertions of my division, yet although I was the ranking officer of cavalry making the attack the mention of my name in the dispatches was studiously avoided. Finally, the angry and discourteous note of the 23rd was addressed to me to give the pretext implied therein a quasi establishment in history, and before time was given me to reply the order was issued which, trampling upon my record and upon all military courtesy and justice, consigned me to the ignominy of idleness.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brevet Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES KINGSBURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Middle Military Division.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION. No. 4. Harper's Ferry, W. Va., August 8, 1864

1. Brigadier General A. T. A. Torbert, First Division, Cavalry Corps, Army of the Potomac, is hereby announced as chief of cavalry for the Middle Military Division. Commanders of the Middle, Susquehanna, and Washington Departments will at once render returns of the cavalry force, and where stationed in their respective departments.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

E. B. PARSONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

A.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION.

Berryville, August 18, 1864-5.30 a.m.

(Received 11.30 a.m. 19th.)

Brigadier General WILLIAM W. AVERELL,Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that our cavalry under General Torbert at Winchester have fallen back to Summit Point. The general directs that you move your command to the north side of the Potomac, if necessary, and cover the country from Williamsport to Sharpsburg.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

