
head, that he escaped death or capture is due to the devoted heroism of the men who followed him. The steady and rapid advance of the Fourteenth Pennsylvania, Eighth Ohio, First and Third Virginia Cavalry (the Second Virginia being held in reserve), and the brilliant charge of the First New York (Lincoln) Cavalry, repeated the lesson that the enemy cannot stand before our united and determined efforts.

By command of Brigadier General W. W. Averell:

WILL RUMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 152. Reports of Brigadier General William H. Powell, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division (Army of West Virginia), of operations September 24-October 27 and November 12.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,

Front Royal, Va., October 27, 1864.

MAJOR: In obedience to Special Orders, No. 37, headquarters Cavalry Corps, Middle Military Division, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Second Cavalry Division, Department of West Virginia, since the 24th day of September, 1864, at which time, in obedience to Special Orders, No. 41, current series, from headquarters Middle Military Division, I assumed command of the division composed of two brigades and one four-gun battery (Battery L, Fifth U. S. Artillery, commanded by Lieutenant G. V. Weir), the First Brigade consisting of Eighth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and Twenty-second Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanded by Colonel J. M. Schoonmaker, Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry; and Second Brigade consisting of the First, Second, and Third West Virginia Cavalry Regiments and First New York (Lincoln) Cavalry Regiment, commanded by Colonel H. Capehart, First Regiment West Virginia Cavalry. The entire staff of Brevet Major-General Averell (whom I relieved), with the exception of surgeon-in-chief, Doctor Wynne, surgeon Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, accompanied the general (and are still absent), taking with the the papers, books,&amp;c. (all records of the division), by which I have suffered much inconvenience in furnishing necessary reports. At the time I assumed command of the division the strength present of it was 101 commissioned officers, and 2,186 enlisted men; present and absent, 276 commissioned officers, and 6,950 enlisted men.

In obedience to orders from headquarters Middle Military Division I moved the command on the 24th day of September, 1864, at 11 a.m., from the Valley pike across to the Middle road leading through Forest Hill and Broadway to Harrisonburg. My advance met the enemy's pickets one mile north of Forest Hill, drove them beyond Forest Hill a short distance, when the enemy formed line of battle, which, not being very strong, was soon broken and he driven in confusion. From the citizens and prisoners taken at Forest Hill I learned that the force on my front was composed of the commands-cavalry-of Generals Imboden, Johnson, and McCausland. I drove them rapidly before me to

