
dated in the discharge of my duties under orders. And I wish it distinctly understood by the rebel authorities that if two to one is not sufficient I will increase it to twenty-two to one, and leave the consequences in the hands of my Government.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. POWELL,

Brigadier-General.

Major WILLIAM RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps, Mid. Mil. Div.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA.

Front Royal, Va., October 27, 1864

MAJOR: I returned to camp at 10 p.m. yesterday. Fought the enemy vigorously from 6 a.m. until 2 p.m. found his works lengthened and strengthened. His line of works is fully one mile in length, from which he cannot be driven by an attack on his front alone. I made an attempt to turn his right by sending all the force I could spare from my front and rear; dismounted, gained his flank, and at the same time opened my guns vigorously on his right and attacked his front, but found my force too weak. With the co-operation of Colonel Kidd's brigade on the enemy's rear I am confident I could have carried his works and punished him severely. Colonel Kidd's command was near McCoy's Ford between the hours of 10 a.m. and 12 m. yesterday, so reported to me by Captain Warner, of his command. Why he did not report is as yet unexplained to me, as he could have marched his brigade, via the cross-roads to Milford, and have reached me at 1 p.m. (as did Captain Warner with his escort),and from that point reached the enemy's rear at 2.30 p.m., giving us ample time for the attack. I learned from a reliable source that General Lomax was in command; that he had seven brigades of cavalry, strength said to be between 3,000 and 5,000 men. I saw no artillery. I do not think there is any infantry near him. His entire line of fortifications was well filled with, I think, dismounted cavalry. Lieutenant Weir served his battery well; smashed up considerable of the enemy's works and the rebel headquarters; killed and wounded several. My loss is six men wounded. I was unable to get any information of the movements of the enemy from Luray Valley or elsewhere, except citizens report that his cavalry is nearly all in the valley between Milford and Luray. I think all there is of it in the Luray Valley was on my front yesterday.

Why is it that my ordnance train was stopped at Winchester last Saturday night and kept there? The train system of my division is certainly in bad shape, from which I will always have trouble until my quartermaster has possession of it to a certain extent, if not entire. I understand reflections have been cast upon my quartermaster by some one at cavalry headquarters for my not having received clothing, &amp;c. I know him well, and know he is capable, and is doing all he has the means to do with.

I will send in my official report of operations this evening, and will have all other reports forwarded with as little delay as possible.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. H. POWELL.,

Brigadier-General

Major WILLIAM RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps, Mid. Mil. Div.,

