HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,

November 17, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my command on the 12th instant, in an engagement with rebel Major-General Lomax's division, on the Winchester and Front Royal pike, near Nineveh, Va.:

In compliance with orders from headquarters Cavalry, Middle Military Division, I moved my command at daylight of the 12th from camp at Parkins' Mills, on Winchester and Front Royal pike, moving in the direction of Front Royal, and to the crossing of the road leading from Newtown, Va., to White Post. Before arriving at this point orders reached me from Major-General Torbert (by Captain Martindale) to send one brigade on a reconnaissance toward Cedarville. On my arrival at the cross-roads I sent my First Brigade, commanded by Colonel William B. Tibbits, Twenty-first New York Cavalry, immediately forward on the reconnaissance. Soon after Colonel Tibbits had moved out I again received orders from chief of cavalry (by Captain Reno) to move my whole command to Nineveh, and thence across the country to Middletown. On my arrival at Nineveh, while in the execution of the latter order, I found Colonel Tibbits engaged with the enemy about half a mile south of the village. I moved Second Brigade forward at once to his support, and learned from him that he had driven the enemy back to under cover of his guns. Colonel Tibbits was then falling back, in compliance with my orders to move across to Middletown. While forming my division for a charge the enemy charged my advance. I moved my whole line forward at once with drawn sabers (having the lines well supported on each flank and the center), charged the enemy, broke his lines, and drove him in great confusion beyond Front Royal and pursued him so closely as to prevent the possibility of his rallying or reforming his lines. The close of the day prevented farther pursuit.

The conduct of the officers and enlisted men throughout the entire command was most gallant-seldom equaled, rarely excelled.

The enemy's force consisted of the Fourteenth, Sixteenth, Seventeenth, Twenty-first, and Twenty-second Regiments of Virginia

Cavalry, Sixty-second Regiment Mounted Infantry, and Lurty's battery-two guns. My command was composed of Eighth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and Twenty-first New York Cavalry, commanded by Colonel William B. Tibbits (First Brigade), and the First Virginia Cavalry, Third Virginia Cavalry, and First New York Cavalry (Second Brigade), commanded by Colonel H. Capehart, First Virginia Cavalry.

The enemy's loss was 20 killed 35 wounded and 161 prisoners, including 19 commissioned officers (prisoners), from the grade of lieutenant-colonel down. Among the enemy's killed was Colonel Radford, of the Twenty-second Virginia Cavalry, a major on General Early's staff, and a captain on McCausland's staff. I captured of the enemy 2 pieces artillery (all he had), 2 caissons, 2 wagons and 1 ambulance, and 50 horses, and 2 battle-flags. I was obliged to destroy, for want of means to bring from the field, one of the caissons, one wagon loaded with ammunition, and the ambulance. The enemy had strewn the ground with small-arms in his flight; these were broken up as far as practicable.

The prisoners reported that General McCausland was slightly wounded, and escaped by taking to the woods. My own loss was 1 commissioned officer and 1 enlisted man killed and 15 enlisted men

