
ion, McIntosh's brigade in advance, moved by the Berryville, and Winchester pike crossed the Opequon, drove in the enemy's pickets and attacked Ramseur's division of infantry, found in the same position occupied by the rebel infantry on the 13th. It was not yet dawn, but General McIntosh posted Peirce's battery, Second U. S. Artillery, supported by General Chapman attacked at once with his entire brigade, mounted and dismounted and after a most gallant and determined effort drove the enemy from their strong position. Knowing the ground they had lost was of the greatest importance to them, they returned at once to the attack with both infantry and cavalry, but were gallantly met and repulsed. I then disposed of my forces on the right and left of the road so as to hold all they had gained till the infantry could reach and relieve them. Sharp skirmishing continued till 8 p.m. at which time the Sixth Corps had all arrived and occupied the position we had gained. I was then directed to move to the left and watch for an opportunity to attack the enemy again. About eighty prisoners were taken during the morning. Lieutenant-Colonel Brinton, in charging the enemy got so entangled with them as to fall into their hands as a prisoner. Our loss was quite severe in killed and wounded. General McIntosh displayed the highest qualities of a cavalry officer in this morning's work. The pike runs all the way from the Opequon through a deep ravine heavily wooded on both flanks; at a point about two miles and a half from Winchester crosses a commanding ridge. The enemy was strongly posted along the ridge, in the woods and hastily constructed breast-works commanding the road and the open fields on both sides of it. This position, the most commanding one on the entire field, securely in our possession the infantry were enabled to form at leisure and to deliver battle with every prospect of success. Having moved well round toward the Millwood pike, numerous demonstrations were made upon the enemy's right during the day, in one of which General McIntosh was severely wounded through the leg by a musket-ball. He was compelled to leave the field, and that night had his leg amputated below the knee. General Chapman was also struck and partially disabled for several hours. Peirce's battery was posted well to the front, and from the commanding position it occupied did excellent service in enfilanding the rebel infantry line. About 3 p.m., seeing that the enemy were giving way, I directed Lieutenant-Colonel Purington, Second Ohio Cavalry, then commanding General McIntosh's brigade, to march at once toward Kernstown, on the Valley pike, followed as closely as practicable by Chapman's brigade. The Second New York Cavalry, Captain Hull commanding in advance had not proceeded far before it found Bradley Johnson's brigade of rebel cavalry posted upon the Millwood pike to cover the enemy's flank. Captain Hull formed his regiment by platoon, at a trot, and with sabers drawn dashed gallantly forward, riding through and scattering the rebels in all directions. Their flight was accelerated by a simultaneous charge upon their right flank and rear by Captain Boice, Fifth New York, commanding a squadron of scouts. The march across the country, although impeded by stone fences and rough ground, was made with rapidity. The Third New Jersey and the Second Ohio Cavalry continued the pursuit till 10 p.m., repeatedly charging the enemy's infantry during the night. The command bivouacked 10 p.m. at Kernstown.

Early next morning the pursuit was renewed, but at Middletown I turned toward Front Royal and drove the rebel cavalry on that road to the south side of the Shenandoah. When near Cedarville Captain Russell, assistant inspector-general of the division, was severely wounded

