
in the knee, from the effects of which he died a few days after. At daybreak of the 21st the division crossed the Shenandoah and attacked the rebels at Front Royal, while the First Vermont and the First New Hampshire, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Wells, Fist Vermont, marched up the south fork and crossed it at Kendrick's Ford. The rebels were driven with confusion up the Luray Valley and closely followed to Gooney Run that night. The valley at this place is a mere gorge impracticable for any kind of troops, except on the pike. The position was turned the next day by Custer's brigade, of the First Division, and the march continued through Luray, Massanutten Gap, and New Market, to Harrisonburg where we joined the army September 25. The enemy by occupying the numerous advantageous positions which the valley afforded him, had been enabled to delay us long enough to prevent any damage to the army under General Early. September 26, marched to Staunton with Lowell's brigade, of First Division, General Torbert in command of the whole, where we captured a number of a convalescent and wounded men, a large quantity of hard bread, flour, tobacco, saddles, bridles clothing, and camp equipage. After supplying the wants of the command the balance was destroyed. On the 27th moved to Waynesborough and bivouacked. The next day the command was engaged in destroying the track and bridges of the Gordonsville and Staunton railroad. On the 29th, at 5 p.m,. the enemy drove our pickets back to the village and advanced to attack our main force about a mile west of them, with a strong force of cavalry, infantry, and artillery. Heavy skirmishing continued till dark, but General Torbert, having heard from General Sheridan, and the balance of the cavalry in the neighborhood of Port Republic, though best to retire without delivering battle. The withdrawal had already begun, with nearly all the command on the march, when a small force of the enemy succeeded in getting to the pike on the left and rear of the force covering the movement. I ordered Colonel Lowell to charge through with his command and sent word to Colonel Wells, commanding the rear guard, to follow him. The former went through handsomely by following the road, and Colonel Wells inclined to the left avoiding the rebels entirely. The march was continued through Staunton to Spring Hill, where we bivouacked and fed at daylight. The same day we marched to Bridgewater seven miles from Harrisonburg.

In pursuance of instructions from Lieutenant-General Grant, I was relieved from command of the division September 30, and directed to proceed without delay to Atlanta, Ga., and report to Major-General Sherman, as chief of cavalry of the Military Division of the Mississippi.

In closing this report I have the honor to commend the zeal, gallantry, and soldierly conduct of both officers and men of the division throughout the entire period they remained under my command.

Generals McIntosh and Chapman performed every duty assigned them with the utmost promptitude and fidelity, and are entitled to promotion for distinguished and meritorious services.

Colonel John Hammond, Fifth New York,and Lieutenant Colonel W. P. Brinton, Eighteenth Pennsylvania; Colonel W. Wells and Lieutenant-Colonel Bennett First Vermont; Colonel Benjamin, Lieutenant-Colonel Pope and Major Caleb Moore, Eighth New York; Major Samuel McIrvin and Captain Hull, Second New York; Lieutenant-Colonel Suydam, Third New Jersey; Major Patton, Third Indiana, were always conspicuous for the zealous and intelligent performance of their duties in the field, and in the care of their men in camp. They are worthy the special confidence and care of the War Department.

