
the unparalled success of their efforts, continued to urge forward their horses at the top of their speed, capturing colors, guns caissons, wagons, ambulances, and immense number of prisoners. Among the latter were a great number of officers of all grades, including one major-general. The pursuit was not slackened until the advance, composed of parts of both regiments, passing through and beyond Strasburg, crossed the bridge over the Shenandoah and had neared the crest of Fisher's Hill, at which point they completed their immense captures by securing a piece of artillery, which, with the other pieces captured since the pursuit began, made forty-five pieces of artillery taken by the First Vermont and Fifth New York Cavalry.

As another command desire to share the honor of the capture of the forty-five pieces of artillery just referred to in justice to the soldiers of the Third Division I deem it appropriate to make the following explanation: The capture of the enemy's guns, trains, &amp;c., were effected south of Cedar Creek. One regiment from each brigade of my division crossed Cedar Creek and struck the pike three-quarters of a mile from the bridge before any other troops had effected a crossing. The only line formed by the enemy south of Cedar Creek to resist our advance was formed to the right of and near a piece of woods located on the pike and about three-quarters of a mile from the creek. This I know from a close personal examination. This line of the enemy was composed of infantry and two pieces of artillery, and was charged by the First Vermont and Fifth New York Cavalry, and to show that I am cognizant to the facts as above stated, I will and that I participated in the charge the result of which was the successful breaking up of the enemy's line after he had delivered one volley, and the capture of one piece of artillery, which was the first gun captured south of Cedar Creek. Here I halted in person to await and direct re-enforcements, while the two regiments above mentioned pushed up the pike at a gallop. After waiting at this point several minutes and until the victorious shouts of my advance had passed beyond my hearing the head of a body of cavalry, representing several regiments, reached me. Upon inquiring of the officer commanding the advance squadron, I was informed that it was a portion of General Devin's brigade, of the First Division, which had crossed Cedar Creek at the bridge, and was now passing rapidly to the front to participate in the pursuit of the enemy. To encourage them I pointed to the gun which had been taken by my advance regiments, and advised them to push forward, and, if possible, assist that portion of my command already far in the advance. Inspirited by this evidence of success these troops, which had been moving at the "trot," as if uncertain where to move, now took the gallop. This occurred after dark. Detachments of my men soon began returning from the advance, having in charge large numbers of prisoners. To all such as were seen directions were given to take their prisoners across to the north bank of Cedar Creek. Owing to the darkness and the confusion consequent upon a pursuit by night, many of our prisoners would undoubtedly have escaped had it not been for the wise forethought of Brigadier-General Devin, commanding Second Brigade, First Division, who for the time located his headquarters near the pike and on a hill about half a mile north of Cedar Creek, and by the zealous co-operation of his staff and escort succeeded in securing safely most of the prisoners which my advance had sent back. My two regiments, which were in advance, continued the pursuit without assistance until all the captures made south of Cedar Creek had been completed. All guns taken from the enemy were left standing on the pike,

