
commanded by that famous "Savior of the Valley," Rosser, Notwithstanding the enemy's superiority in numbers and position, you drove him twenty miles from the battle-field, capturing his artillery, six pieces in all; also his entire train of wagons and ambulances and a large number of prisoners. Again, during the memorable engagement of the 19th instant, your conduct, throughout was sublimely heroic, and without a parallel in the annals of warfare. In the early part of the day, when disaster and defeat seemed to threaten our noble army on all sides, your calm and determined bravery while exposed to a terrible fire from the enemy's guns, added not a little to restore confidence to that part of our army already broken and driven back on the right. Afterward rapidly transferred from the right flank to the extreme left, you materially and successfully assisted in defeating the enemy in his attempt to turn the left of our army. Again, ordered upon the right flank, you attacked and defeated a division of the enemy's cavalry, driving him in confusion across Cedar Creek. Then, changing your front to the left at a gallop, you charged and turned the left flank of the enemy's line of battle and pursued his broken and demoralized army a distance of five miles. Night alone put an end to your pursuit. Among the substantial fruits of this great victory you can boast of having captured five battle-flags, a large number of prisoners including Major-General Ramseur, and forty-five of the forty-eighth pieces of artillery taken from the enemy on that day, thus making fifty-one pieces of artillery captured within the short space of ten days. This is a record of which you may well be proud-a record won and established by your gallantry and perseverance. You have surrounded the name of the Third Cavalry Division, with a halo of glory as enduring as time. The history of this war, when truthfully written, will contain no brighter page than that upon which is recorded the chivalrous deeds, the glorious triumphs, of the soldiers of this division.

G. A. CUSTER,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,

November 7, 1864

Major WILLIAM RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry, Middle Military Division:

MAJOR: In the engagement of the 19th ultimo this division captured from the enemy forty-five pieces of artillery, a large number of prisoners, &amp;c. In an official communication addressed to Major Farrington, provost-marshal of the cavalry, Middle Military Division, I reported the captured property and material referred to above. This communication was dated on or about the 21st of October, 1864. Since other commands have seen fit to contend the just claims of this division to the honor of having captured the forty-five pieces of artillery above mentioned, and since cards have been published in some of the most prominent journals of the country, reflecting in a highly discreditable manner upon portions of this division, as well as upon the division commander, I respectfully, but most earnestly, request that the chief of cavalry will give or enable to be given an official decision regarding the claims of this division to the capture of the guns, wagons, &c., referred to in the beginning of this communication. If there exists any doubt in his mind in relation to the facts concerning the captures of the 19th ultimo, I would suggest the appointment of a board composed

