
For that purpose I marched strong squadrons on each flank of my column and on a line with the advance guard. They were thrown well to the right and left with orders to push beyond the ridge under cover of the woods, and then to charge toward the Berryville and Winchester pike. The enemy, however, frustrated the movement by hastily evacuating the ridge. I then pushed my column across the Opequon, and by advancing rapidly soon came up with the enemy's cavalry, posted on a height eminence commanding the road and in a woods, where they dismounted and gave my advance regiment, the Second Ohio, a hot fire. I immediately ordered the Second Ohio to march to the left and flank the position. As soon as the enemy discovered my movement he hastily withdrew. I then pushed on rapidly over the main road, which ran through a ravine, with high hills on each side and very wooded. In advancing rapidly, I overtook some of their dismounted men, who had secreted themselves in a thick skirt of woods. Colonel Suydam, of the Third New Jersey Cavalry, by my order, dismounted a squadron, which went into the woods and brought out twenty or thirty prisoners. In the meantime I kept pushing on my advance, when it was reported to me that there was a strong infantry line in my front. I immediately rode on a hill to the line of skirmishers, saw their force, and sent word to Colonel Suydam, of the Third New Jersey Cavalry to charge one squadron up the road as hard as they could go, and at the same time charged my skirmishers as foragers. The enemy seeing us coming on determinedly, broke and gained cover in a woods tot their right, which we immediately surrounded and captured the organization of the Eighth South Carolina Infantry, including Colonel Henagan and their battle-flag. This regiment was on picket half a mile in front of Kershaw's division, which soon formed and came down in force. I then sounded the recall and marched back, crossing the Opequon in safety, and reached camp about 5 p.m.

The result of the morning's works was 16 commissioned officers and 127 non-commissioned officers and privates captured, with their battle-flag. The prisoners are classified as follows; Eighth South Carolina Volunteers, 1 colonel and 13 line officers and 92 enlisted men; Twenty-first Virginia Cavalry, 2 line officers and 13 enlisted men; Thirty-sixth Battalion Virginia Cavalry, 9 enlisted men; Thirty-seventh Battalion Virginia Cavalry, 9 enlisted men; Eighth Virginia Cavalry, 1 enlisted man; Twelfth Virginia Cavalry, 1 enlisted man; Twenty-fifth Virginia Cavalry, 2 enlisted men; making a total of 16 commissioned officers and 127 enlisted men. Aggregate, 143.

The loss of my brigade was as follows: 2 men killed and 3 wounded; one of the wounded men was captured going to the rear.

The Second Ohio and Third New Jersey deserve especial credit for the handsome manner in which they performed their duties. It gives me pleasure to state that Corpl. Isaac Gause,* of Company E, Second Ohio Cavalry, secured the colors and brought them in.

The brigade advanced to within two miles and a half of Winchester.

I am, captain very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. McINTOSH,

Brigadier-General.

Captain L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

