
[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Berryville, Va., September 13, 1864

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the chief of cavalry, Middle Military Division:

Having witnessed the operations of General McIntosh's command it affords me very great pleasure to commend the judicious management and promptitude of General McIntosh as well as the dash and good conduct of the troops. The charge of the squadron of the Third New Jersey Cavalry, which resulted in breaking through the rebel infantry picket and skirmish line, is specially worthy of mention; it effectually opened the way for surrounding and capturing the rebel regiment encountered. In accomplishing this too much praise cannot be awarded the Second Ohio Cavalry.

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,September 14, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the major-commanding.

This was a very handsomely conducted affair and deserving of notice.

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brevet Major-General of Volunteers, Chief of Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Berryville, Va., September 17, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report, as the result of a reconnaissance made by me with three regiments of my brigade at 1 o'clock morning, that last night there was no force of the enemy on Limestone Ridge on the Berryville and Winchester pike; that whatever force had been there was withdrawn early last evening to the opposite side of the Opequon, and regret to say that the principal object of the scout, viz, capturing the force stationed on Limestone Ridge, was in consequence frustrated, capturing but two prisoners, vedettes on the opposite side of the Opequon and belonging to the Twenty-first Virginia Cavalry. Information obtained from a citizen living one mile and a half from Berryville, and Winchester pike, and west of the Opequon, and corroborated by his neighbors, indicates that Kershaw's brigade has moved up the Valley within two days past. Prisoners also state it is currently reported a portion of their army has recently moved up the Valley. Before returning I burned two flouring mills (Jones', near the Opequon, and a mill at Abraham's Creek, on the Winchester pike).

Respectfully submitted.

J. B. McINTOSH,

Brigadier-General.

Captain L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Cavalry Division.

