
and after forming it moved again to Cedar Creek, and then returned to camp. In this engagement I lost the following: Killed, 1 officer and 1 man; wounded, 3 officers and 18 men; missing 2 officers and 72 men.

On the 13th of November went on a reconnaissance with the division to Cedar Creek and returned at 4 p.m. Remained in camp performing picket duty, and occasional scouting until the 21st of November, when the division moved on a reconnaissance to New Market; encamped at Woodstock on the night of the 21st.

Battle of November 22. - Left Woodstock at 7 o'clock on the morning of the 22nd and met the enemy's pickets near Edenburg, the Second Division being in advance; drove in their pickets steadily till we reached the North Fork of the Shenandoah, about mile beyond Mount Jackson, where we came in sight of the enemy's cavalry drawn up on Rude's Hill. The Second Division (General Powell) being formed to attack the enemy, I was ordered by General Custer to form my brigade in rear of the Second Division to support in case of necessity. I had only formed two regiments when the enemy's cavalry moved off toward our right, and the enemy developed a strong line of infantry. I was then ordered to recross the stream with my brigade, and to move with three regiments to Mount Jackson, leaving the remaining two regiments, the Second New York and Eighteenth Pennsylvania to cover the crossing of the Second Division and to bring up the rear. General Custer took charge of these two regiments, and I established a line at Mount Jackson with the Second Ohio, Fifth New York, and Third New Jersey. The Second Division passed through my line at Mount Jackson, and I then took the rear with my brigade, which was soon joined by the Second New York. The Eighteenth Pennsylvania, which was on the rear guard with the Second New York, was not to be found till after the brigade was relieved from duty as the rear guard by the Second Brigade, having gone to the rear without orders and avoided the fight. I formed my command in line of battle, the Fifth New York on the extreme right, the Second Ohio in the center, and the Second New York on the left; the Third New Jersey was held in reserve. The enemy followed up closely with cavalry and infantry. By falling back gradually their cavalry was drawn out beyond the support of their infantry, and my men drove them back gallantly in every instance upon their infantry. The Second New York, Second Ohio, Fifth New York, and Third New Jersey deserve great credit for their conspicuous gallantry in this engagement, and for the handsome manner in which they rallied under fire. My command was engaged, with the enemy until we reached Edenburg, when my brigade was relieved by the Second Brigade. Encamped that night at Woodstock, and on the 23rd returned to our hold camp near Kernstown. In this engagement my command lost 2 men killed, 2 officers and 21 men wounded, and 9 men missing. Here we remained till November 28, when the division marched to Moorefield to intercept General Rosser, who had been to New Creek on an expedition to cut the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. Reached Moorefield on the 30th, sent a reconnaissance toward Petersburg, and on its return left Moorefiled, and marched back to the army, which we reached on the 2nd, and have remained in present camp since that date.

In all of these engagements the regiments of my command behaved gallantly, with the exception of the Eighteenth Pennsylvania, which set a very bad example to the brigade in the actions of November 12 and 22.

