
Captain H. N. Easton, commanding Second Ohio Cavalry; Major T. A. Boice, commanding Fifth New York Cavalry; Major M. B. Birdseye, commanding Second New York Cavalry; Captain J. B. Rogers, commanding First Connecticut Cavalry, and Major William P. Robeson, commanding Third New Jersey Cavalry, deserve especial mention for the zeal with which they performed their duties, and the skill with which they handled their regiments. Colonel Walter C. Hull, of the Second New York Cavalry, met his death almost instantly, while gallantly leading his regiment in a charge on the 12th of November. Captain J. B. Rogers, commanding First Connecticut Cavalry, was shot in the foot in the same engagement, and was obliged to leave the field.

The officers of my staff rendered important service carrying orders and all behaved with their usual coolness and gallantry.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. M. PENNINGTON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Cavalry Division.

No. 160. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Brayton Ives, First Connecticut Cavalry, of operations October 18-December 3.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CONNECTICUT CAVALRY,December 9, 1864

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from the colonel commanding the brigade, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the First Connecticut Cavalry since the 18th of October, 1864;

At that time the regiment was under the command of Captain E. W. French, camped near Cedar Creek. Early on the morning of the 19th it broke camp, moved across the pike, then to the extreme right of the line, and at 4 p.m. moved forward in advance of the whole division. It charged a portion of the enemy under Rosser, drove them across the creek and held them until after dark, when Captain French was ordered to picket the creek at Cupp's Mill. On the next day he was directed to march in the direction of Front Royal in search of guns said to have been abandoned by the enemy. Finding none he returned and camped near Middletown. The next day he moved to the old camp near Cedar Creek on the battle-ground of the 19th. On the 24th instant the regiment was on picket; was relieved next day and remained in camp till the 27th, when it went on a reconnaissance to Tom's Brook, returning the same day. For the next eight days it remained quietly in camp, and on the 5th of November, Captain J. B. Rogers commanding the regiment, was ordered to make a reconnaissance to Tom's Brook, which he did, finding no enemy. Excepting an occasional tour of picket duty and change of camp, the regiment experienced nothing of interest till the 12th instant, when Captain Rogers was ordered to make a reconnaissance toward Cedar Creek. During this an attempt was made by the enemy to surround him, and he was compelled to fall back, but being re-enforced by portions of the brigade the enemy was in turn forced to retire. During the action Captain Rogers was severely wounded in the foot, and the command of the regiment devolved upon Captain J. B. Morehouse.

