
On the 13th the regiment went with the division on a reconnaissance toward Cedar Creek, returned the same day, and continued in camp till the 17th, when Captain Morehouse was ordered to make a reconnaissance to Middletown. Finding no enemy he returned to camp and remained till the 21st instant. He then started for Remount Camp, Pleasant Valley, Md., having in his charge the unserviceable horses of the brigade. He camped near Martinsburg that night and reached the camp on the 22nd instant. Here Major Whitaker assumed command of the regiment, and worked diligently for the next three days in providing the men with such articles as they required. On the 25th instant I arrived at the camp and took command of the regiment. Horses were issued to me on the 28th, and I started for the front, but was ordered back on account of a threatened movement by Mosby. Late in the afternoon of the 29th I received orders from Major Otis, special inspector cavalry to proceed to Martinsburg and guard to take front a drove of cattle. I camped that night at Duffield's, reached Martinsburg the day following,and on the 1st of December took the cattle to Stephenson's Depot, where I received orders to guard them till relieved. Late in the afternoon of the 2nd instant I was relieved by Colonel Peck, of the One hundred and seventy-third New York Infantry, and at 8 a.m. on the 3rd I started for the headquarters of Major-General Torbert, which I reached at 12 m., and was ordered to report to Colonel Pennington, commanding First Brigade, Third Division.

In conclusion, I beg leave to call your attention to the fact that this report is necessarily meager, owing to the absence of both Captain Rogers and Captain French.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

BRAYTON IVES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain C. H. MILLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 161. Report of Major John V. Allstrom, Third New Jersey Cavalry, of operations October 18-December 8.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD NEW JERSEY CAVALRY.

Camp Russell, Va., December 8, 1864

SIR: In compliance with orders of the 8th instant I have the honor to report the following as a review of the operations of this regiment since October 18, 1864:

On the morning of the latter date this regiment broke camp near Cedar Creek and relieved the Second New York on picket near Fawcett's Gap, grand reserve near Mount Zion Church. No appearance of the enemy. October 19, at an early hour in the morning heavy firing heard in the direction of Middletown. At 9 a.m. ordered by General Custer to move the grand reserve near Saint Paul's Church, remove the left pickets, communicating with the Second Brigade, and hold Fawcett's Gap as long as practicable. At 4 p.m. ordered to join the First Brigade near Middletown; proceeded about three miles beyond Cedar Creek and returned to camp. October 20, this regiment, accompanied by the Eighteenth Pennsylvania, Lieutenant Colonel C. C. Suydam com-

