
manding, made a reconnaissance to Narrow Passage, a short distance from Columbia Furnace, capturing a few stragglers from the enemy; returned to camp about 11 p.m. October 21, changed camp about a mile nearer Middletown. October 22, re-enforced by about 100 men from Remount Camp. October 23, went on picket near Forge Ford. October 24, picket relieved. October 25, in camp. October 26, Major Carpenter, paymaster, paid off the regiment, including 31st of August, 1864. October 27,in camp. October 28, went on picket and was relieved October 29. October 30, dismounted men, about eighty in number, ordered to Remount Camp. October 31, accompanied by the Second New York, Major William P. Robeson commanding, made a reconnaissance to near Columbia Furnace; started at 3 a.m. and returned at 4 p.m.

November 1 to 7, in camp near Cedar Creek and on picket. November 8, accompanying First Brigade, marched to Kernstown, threw out vedettes and bivouacked during the night; reconnaissance of 150 men through Petticoat Gap to Romney pike, under Captain Yard. November 9, at 3 p.m. marched with brigade to Saint Paul's Church and went into bivouac during night. November 10, marched back and encamped about a mile in rear of present encampment. November 11,went on reconnaissance to Cedar Creek. November 12, marched with brigade and participated in repulsing Rosser's attack on the outposts, going on picket at night. November 13, relieved from picket and went into camp at present place. November 14 to 20, in camp and doing picket duty. November 21, broke camp and marched with First and Second Divisions to Woodstock. November 22, marched to near New Market and participated in reconnoitering the enemy's position, losing 1 killed, 6 wounded, and 3 missing; returned same day to Woodstock. November 23, marched back to present camp. November 24 to 28, in camp and doing picket duty. At midnight 28th broke camp and marched in the direction of Moorefield, reaching the latter place on the 30th, passing Capon Valley, Wardensville, and Baker's Run. Started back on the latter date and returned to camp on the 2nd December, marching through North River Valley and on Romney pike. December 3 to 8, in camp and doing picket duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN V. ALLSTROM,

Major, Commanding Third New Jersey Cavalry.

Captain C. H. MILLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigadier, Third Cav. Div.,

No. 162. Report of Major Walter C. Hull, Second New York Cavalry of operations October 9.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND NEW YORK CAVALRY,

October 11, 1864

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that on the 9th instant my regiment was held in reserve as a support to the artillery until after all the artillery and wagons had been captured. I was then ordered to advance toward Columbia Furnance, which I did and met a force of the enemy about two miles this side advancing upon me. I at once charged them but they formed under cover of heavy timber and

