
repulsed me. The enemy then charged, but were, in turn, repulsed. The third charge which was made drove them from the timber, which was then held by our men. The only man of the regiment who particularly distinguished himself was Corpl. Philip Henesey, Company A, who dashed into the midst of the enemy and brought out a prisoner. My regiment captured four prisoners and lost seven men wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WALTER C. HULL,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant NEVILLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 163. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Mortimer B. Birdsey, Second New York Cavalry, of operations October 18-December 8.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND NEW YORK CAVALRY,Camp Russell, Va., December 8, 1864

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following, report of the proceedings of my command since the 18th of October last, in compliance with orders from brigade headquarters this date:

I being absent from the command previous to October 18 and until November 11, cannot give a concise report of the proceedings of the command during my absence. October 18, the command was camped near Cupp's Ford, on Cedar Creek, and commanded by Captain A. S. Glover, Major Hull being absent on a leave of absence. October 19, the command participated in the battle of Cedar Creek, the casualties being 1 man killed, 3 men wounded, and 8 men missing. October 20, the command went on a reconnaissance to Fisher's Hill, returning to camp near Cupp's Ford about dark. October 21, moved, going into camp near Middletown, Va. October 22, went on a reconnaissance to Mount Olive, returning to camp same day. 27th instant Major Hull returned and took command of the regiment. 31st instant the command went on a reconnaissance to Fisher's Hill, returning to camp same day.

November 5, went to Newtown, returning to camp same day. November 8, part of the regiment went on picket at Cupp's Mill, the balance going on a reconnaissance to Fisher's Hill. November 10, returned, going into camp near the present headquarters Third Cavalry Division. November 11, I joined the regiment with 375 recruits from Camp Stoneman. November 12, marched with the brigade in the direction of Cedar Creek, on the Back road. About 11 a.m. engaged the enemy near Mount Zion Church, the engagement lasting until 2 p.m., when my command, with the brigade retired the enemy having been driven across Cedar Creek and some two miles beyond. Colonel Walter C. Hull was almost instantly killed about 11.30 while leading a charge at the head of his regiment; he was killed near Cartwell's Springs. Upon Colonel Hull's death I assumed command of the regiment. The casualties in this action were 1 officer and 1 man killed, 1 officer and 9 men wounded, and 27 men missing. After the action the command returned, establishing its present camp. 13th instant, made a reconnaissance to Cedar Creek, returning to camp same day. Remained in camp doing picket duty on the brigade picket-line by details from the command, as

