
ordered from brigade headquarters, until the morning of the 21st, when the command marched with the balance of the division up the Valley pike in the direction of New Market. About 6.30 p.m. bivouacked for the night at Woodstock, one battalion of my regiment going on picket for the night. At daybreak the command resumed the march in the direction of New Market. Met the enemy about noon near Mount Jackson, when an engagement ensued. Finding the enemy's infantry in strong force, the entire command fell back in good order, the enemy following but a short distance. The casualties of the regiment in this action were 1 man killed, 2 officers and 10 men wounded, 5 men missing. Marching back to Woodstock, bivouacked for the night. 23rd, returned to camp. November 27, I received a seven-days' leave of absence, leaving the regiment in command of Captain A. S. Glover. 29th instant, broke camp at 3 a.m.; marched with the division on the Capon Springs road, bivouacking for the night near Lost River. 30th, at daylight resumed the march, reaching Moorefield about noon. Here the division halted, and my command made a reconnaissance as far as Petersburg, returning to Moorefield about 5 p.m. and joined the division which at once started on its return, reaching camp the 2nd instant.

December 4 I returned from leave of absence and assumed command of my regiment, which has since remained in camp.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

M. B. BIRDSEYE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain C. H. MILLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 164. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George A. Purington, Second Ohio Cavalry, of operations October 9.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND OHIO CAVALRY,In the Field, October 11, 1864

SIR: I have the honor to report following as the part taken by the Second Ohio Cavalry in the action of the 9th, near Fisher's Hill, Va.:

The regiment occupied the left of the First Brigade, Third Division, and advanced in conjunction with the rest of the line, the Second Battalion, under Major A. B. Nettleton, covering the front as skirmishers. After advancing a short distance the enemy in strong force was met in line of battle. The Third Battalion, under Captain Frank E. Watrous, was thrown around their right and rear, pouring in volleys from their Spencers with telling effect, as the number of dead in their front abundantly testified. A charge being then ordered, the enemy was driven from his strong position at the point of the saber, not, however, without severe and close fighting. He was closely followed for several miles, losing some in killed and wounded and a number of prisoners. The regiment was then halted and formed and again advanced for some distance without meeting the enemy, and soon after in accordance with orders from brigade headquarters, was withdrawn.

The conduct of both officers and men was highly praiseworthy and where all did so well it is difficult to discriminate. Special mention is, however, made of Major A. B. Nettleton, Captain F. E. Watrous, and Lieutenant

