
Warner Pearson, who commanded battalions, and who, by personal example, inspired their men with a courage and confidence unsurpassed. Sergeants Capron, Company A, Smith, Company C, Wilcox, Company D, Stratton, Company F, Chester, Company H, Liddy, Company I, and Adams, of Company M, commanded their respective companies and proved themselves worthy of higher positions than they now occupy. Honorable mention is also made of Sergeant Morgan and Privates Reed, Blackwell, and Hayness, of Company A; Sergeants Stearns, Brewster, and Polhamus, of Company B, Sergeant Hayden, and Davenport and Pfouts, privates of Company C; Sergeants Rand and Malin and Corporal Traver, of Company G; Sergeants Fisher and Gordon and Corporal Leavitt and Privates Hale, Herrick, and Keyes, of Company H, and Privates Hughey and Wibley; of Company L.

A number of prisoners were captured by the regiment just how many is not known.

Several men were struck by spent balls, and three-Sergeant Wolfer, of Company I, Corporal Leavitt, of Company H, and Private Zedaker, Company B-were severely wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. PURINGTON

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Second Ohio Cavalry.

Lieutenant E. M. NEVILLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 165. Report of Major John W. Phillips, Eighteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of operations October 8-9.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,October 11, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with instructions received from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part my regiment took in the late engagements:

On Saturday, October 8, my regiment (being rear guard for the division) was attacked by the advance of the enemy's force. The rear battalion, Lieutenant Blough commanding, formed and checked them, killing three and wounding one captain and six others. The Third Battalion, Captain Britton, formed and met the second charge, allowing Lieutenant Blough to fall back behind him. This was done in some confusion, owing to the strength and confidence with which the enemy advanced. My men fired repeated volleys into the head of the column and so effectually checked the advance that a flank movement on his part became necessary. As soon as I observed this I ordered my men to fall back and take position in the woods, where I learned the Second New York, Major Hull, was formed to assist me. This they did in much confusion, owing to the furious charge made by the enemy. He was checked by the charge of Major Hull, but, coming on in vastly superior numbers, we were forced to fall back upon the main portion of the brigade. In this running fight of more than two miles I lost 4 men killed, 7 wounded, and 5 missing. The color bearer of the enemy was seen to fall, and from the nature of the advance his loss must have been severe. Much credit is due Lieutenant Blough and Captain Britton, and the officers and men in their respective battalions, for the stubborn manner in which they met the repeated charges of the enemy.

