
In the action of the 9th I was ordered, in the early part of the engagement, to support Major Krom, Fifth New York, whose command was deployed, on the right of our line as skirmishers. This I did until ordered by one of General Custer's staff to tear down all the fences in my front, and deploy my whole regiment as skirmishers. I had scarcely got it deployed as ordered when General Custer ordered Captain Britton, who was on the left of the line, to charge. Soon the whole line was in motion and advanced as rapidly as the nature of the ground and the wearied condition of my horse would allow, driving the enemy's skirmishers before it. When the enemy's center gave way the right of my line was quite far advanced and was in position to give a flank fire as he began to retreat from the top of the hill where his artillery was last in position. Owing to the long run I had made over fences and ditches, and through the woods and brush, many of my horses and become exhausted and my line necessarily much scattered, and the difficulties in the way of a rapid advance on the right flank were becoming greater, owing to the still more unequal nature of the ground in my front. I saw I could do nothing more than pick up a few stragglers if I remained there. Accordingly (not seeing Colonel Pennington at the time) I rode up to General Custer and stated the difficulties, and received permission from his to bring my command on the main road and pursue as rapidly as possible. I immediately ordered Captain Britton forward rapidly on the main road. In the meantime Lieutenant J. R. Winters, Company E; Lieutenant J. W. Smith, Company B; Lieutenant Nieman, Company E, and Lieutenant Grier, Company B, having seen the enemy's artillery and wagons in rapid flight, gathered together what men were near, pushed forward rapidly in pursuit, passing by the right flank of the artillery and entering the main road about 500 yards in rear of the wagon train. At this point the officers above mentioned and the men with them had the advance of everything on the road, and in three minutes' time came up with the rear of the train. The enemy made a stand in the corner of a wood for a few moments, killing Lieutenant Winters, who had emptied his pistol and was moving furiously upon them with drawn saber. This was the last stand he made, and the wagons were left to the mercy of any one who had a horse swift enough to overtake the terrified teamsters. The men of my command moved forward with Lieutenant Grier head until there was not a wagon or ambulance that had not been stopped or turned back, some of the Second Brigade following in the rear of them. Lieutenant Grier and his party led the advance all the way, and although he had not men enough to guard all the wagons and ambulances back to the rear, yet he did send many back in charge of men of my own regiment. These so sent back were delivered by Sergeant Puder, of Company M, to some of the First Vermont, whom it is presumed delivered them to the provost-marshal. One piece of artillery was captured by Private Samuel Fry Company F, who alone sobered one of the drivers in order to compel him to stop his horses and turn around and drive back. This piece he guarded back himself, and should have the full credit of its capture. Private Smith Allen, Company D, charged up to another piece alone and sobered a driver and was in turn severely wounded in the neck, but remained with the piece and rode by it as it was carried back. He acted very bravely. The piece that was strapped beneath the limber was passed by Lieutenant Grier, and the enemy driven from it by his party, but being then in full pursuit of the enemy he did not think it best then to detach any of his men to take particular charge of it. It was taken charge of by some officer of the Eighth New York.

