
The number of prisoners captured as straggling parties of the enemy's cavalry was nineteen. If I add to this the number taken with that artillery and with the ambulances and wagons it will swell the number greatly.

I wish to mention for particular gallantry, Sergt. James McKay, Company B; Sergt. William Scott, Company G; Sergt. Puder, Company M; Sergt. William P. Seal, Company E; Corporal Depew, Company E; Private Stephen S. Kelley, Company K, Private John A. Chester, Company F; Sergt. Charles A, Clark, Company B. In mentioning the names of these I would do great injustice to many others, did I not state that this list does not include all who did their duty nobly. These mentioned I saw in the van of the fight, and know from personal observation how well they merit mention. All the non-commissioned officers mentioned richly deserve promotion for their strict attention to duty and their noble conduct in time of action.

I will not mention particularly, further than I have already done, the names of any of my commissioned officers, some were ahead of others, but I am convinced it was not from any lack of zeal, but for reasons which will readily suggest themselves when the nature of the ground passed over is taken into consideration.

I liked to have forgotten to mention the name of T. Jackman, regimental commissary-sergeant, who, although he had no particular duty to perform on the field, was in the front all day, and acted with peculiar bravery. He advanced up to the enemy's skirmish line and with his pistol killed a private and wounded an officer who was endeavoring to saber him. He also, during the day, captured a prisoner.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. PHILLIPS

Major, Commanding Eighteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Lieutenant NEVILLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 166. Report of Brigadier General George H. Chapman, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of operations September 15-16.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,September 17, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, with 400 men of this command, I started from this camp on the evening of 15th instant, at 10 o'clock, on an expedition to Ashby's Gap for the purpose of developing what force of the enemy were rendezvoused there or in that vicinity. Crossing the Shenandoah River at the ford near Snicker's Gap, I there detached fifty-five men, under Captain Compson, Eighth New York Cavalry, with instructions to proceed up the river on this side the ridge and across the mountain, into Ashby's Gap, while, with the main body, I crossed through Snicker's Gap and proceeded along the eastern base of the mountains to Paris, which place I reached shortly after sunrise. Soon after arriving at Paris small parties of the enemy's horsemen began to show themselves on the surrounding heights, but at safe distance, and they continued to watch my movements during the day. Once they charged upon my rear guard, but were easily driven off,

