
the left under cover of a steep hill, which I did. Very soon after another staff officer from General Custer came with instructions for me to move my whole command, consisting of about 350 men, of the Eighth and Twenty-second New York (the latter under command of Major Moore), as a support to the Eighteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, which were soon to be deployed as skirmishers. They were deployed, when I immediately moved my command by fours in three parallel columns- Major Pope commanding the left, Captain Ford the center, and Major Moore the extreme right. We moved as fast as the nature of the ground and fences would allow, keeping close up to the skirmishers, until we came to where the enemy's artillery opened on us severely. The Third Squadron (Captain Hopkins) had one man, Private Omer O. Wells, C Company, instantly killed, threatening confusion inthe ranks, but they moved forward without a waver. At this time an order came from General Custer to move forward rapidly without regard to the skirmish line. I then directed Major Pope, with the Second and Fourth Squadrons, to the left, also the Third, the First directly to the front, as also Majore Moore, with the Twenty-second New York, the whole to move rapidly, Major Pope, with the Second and Fourth Squadrons (Captains Bliss and Compson commanding), now charged up the hill, uncovering a battery of artillery, then on the road leading to the right and rear, which the Third Squadron, under Captain Hopkins, gallantly charged and captured. Major Pope now moved with a portion of the command at a charge down the road in pursuit of a wagon train, which was subsequently brought in by Major Moore, of the Twenty-second New York. Captains Bliss and Compson charged more to be left in pursuit of flags and banners. Our horses being so much blown at this time the pursuit very soon ended. The result of the day was the capture of five guns one caissons, with their drivers and cannoneers, horses and harness, and a number of prisoners.

In concluding this report it would seem invidious to particularize, where all behaved with so much gallantry, but my attention has been, called to the fact of First Sergeant Reeves, C Company, and Sergeant Niven, M Company, as being among the first engaged in the capture of the guns. All the officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates behaved in a most gallant and soldierly manner.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. BENJAMIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eighth New York Cavalry, Commanding.

Captain J. J. McVEAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigade, Third Division, Cavalry.

No. 168. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John W. Bennett, First Vermont Cavalry, of operations, September 25-October 22.

BURLINGTON, VT., November 14, 1864

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of engagements of the First Vermont Cavalry in the Shenandoah Valley, Va., from the 25th day of September to the 22nd day of October, 1864:

During the retrograde movement of General Sheridan's army from Harrisonburg our division left Timberville, for Columbia Furnace on

