
the morning of the 7th of October and my regiment was selected to act as rear during the march. Nothing worthy of note occurred beyond the charging of my rear by a small party of the enemy, which was promptly repulsed, until about 2 p.m., when the wagon train was halted. No sooner had I taken position when the enemy opened the engagement by two unsuccessful charges made in quick succession. These repulses compelled the enemy to develop his strength, which I soon discovered and promptly reported to be greatly superior. As the safety of our train necessitated the holding of this position I was compelled to extend my lines to the utmost my force would allow. I reported my situation and requested support at three different times, but received only a small portion of the Eighth New York and about fifty men of the Fist New Hampshire. By severe skirmishing the lines were held until 3 p.m., when the enemy charged my left with two regiments. This was checked by the small part of my regiment in reserve, under command of Captain Watson and Lieutenant Mitchell; but an attack following immediately along the entire line, I attempted to fall back upon the support above referred to, but, finding this in full retreat, the regiment was swept to the lines of the First Brigade, nearly two miles, without being able to offer any effectual resistance. It will be borne in mind that I had 150 recruits in the ranks that never before had drilled a day or heard a short in earnest.

Engagement of the 9th of October, 1864, and Tom's Brook.- Having withdrawn my pickets, in obedience to orders from Colonel Wells commanding brigade, I joined the column, then moving toward Mount Olive, at about 6 a.m. The position of my regiment in column was in rear of the Eighth New York, which had the advance of the brigade. At the commencement of the engagement my regiment was ordered to take position on the right of the road in rear of the First Brigade. I remained in this position only a few moments when I was directed to move forward a quarter of a mile and form in rear of the Eighth New York on the left of the road; but before the execution of the order was completed the regiment was directed to take position on the right of the road in rear of the batteries, on a rise of ground overlooking the scene of action. Here we were within range of the enemy's guns. After remaining here about three-quarters of an hour I was ordered to occupy a position on the left of the batteries. On reaching the point indicated orders came for the regiment to move rapidly to the front on the road leading to Mount Olive. Our pace was not slackened until the advance reached the summit of the hill, where a charge was ordered, which was executed by the Third Battalion, under Major Grover. At this moment I discovered the enemy preparing to charge my regiment with a heavy column, and while endeavoring to arrange the First and Second Battalions to support Major Grover the Third was slightly broken, but the First and Second, under Captain Cummings, coming promptly to its support the enemy were quickly repulsed and our line established. Here the enemy stubbornly contested our advance for about half an hour, during which little ground was gained. They them commenced giving away, and the regiment promptly charging the broke and fled in great confusion.

In this charge Major Grover had command, as my horse was killed while reforming the line of the Third Battalion. At the point where the enemy made this last stand my regiment became divided, a portion following the enemy to the left, while the other took the direct road leading to Columbia Furnace. From this point it would be impossible

35 R R-VOL XLIII, PT I

