
to give a detailed account of the operations of the regiment. The portion which moved to the right, led by Adjutant Gates, mingled with the other regiments in the grand rush and fruitless attempt to overtake any considerable force of the enemy, the advance halting at Columbia Furnace, a distance of about eight miles. The other part of the regiment, under Major Grover and Captain Cummings, met more resistance, the enemy forming several times, and on one occasion made an unsuccessful charge upon a portion of their command. By heavy skirmishing they continued to drive a greatly superior force until recalled by Colonel Wells. When the division retired my regiment acted as rear guard. Of the conduct of my officers I cannot speak too highly; to mention one would be an injustice to the others. The conduct of my men exceeded my most sanguine expectations; upward of 100 were recruits who had never drilled a day; among the more conspicuous for bravery, whose conduct fell under my own observation, I desire to mention Sergeants Haswell and Cook, Company G, Frost, Company A, and Wright, Company L, the two latter color-sergeants of the regiment. Sergeant Wright actually thrust one of the enemy with the spear of the color staff.

The following is a correct list of captures made by the regiment: 2 pieces of artillery, 3 ambulances, 2 army wagons, about 25 prisoners, including 2 commissioned officers.

Engagement of the 19th of the October, 1864, at Cedar Creek.- On the morning of the 19th of October the command was aroused by an attack on the right of the picket-lines, which was held by our division. It was soon ascertained that our line had been forced, and a lodgment effected by the enemy on the north bank of Cedar Creek. I was ordered to "move out" with my regiment, select and occupy a position covering camp, and also feel the lines of the enemy. The latter was promptly and successfully accomplished by the First Battalion under Captain Cummings. I was then ordered to return to camp. On my arrival was almost immediately directed to reoccupy the position, but ere this could be executed it was superseded by another to withdraw promptly and join the division, then moving in the direction of the infantry lines, whose heavy firing was now heard. No sooner had I joined the column than I was directed to move again to the extreme right and ascertain if any flanking column of the enemy was moving in that direction. A short distance brought me in sight of a strong column, which fact I promptly reported, and, selecting a position so as to check their advance, I awaited the attack. Having received orders from Colonel Wells to fall back and keep connection with the infantry, I slowly withdrew, the enemy following, skirmishing sharply. After retiring about one mile, information was received that the infantry were making strenuous efforts to check the further advance of the enemy. I, therefore, halted, and by severe skirmishing succeeded in holding my lines for more than two hours. General Custer, now returning from the left with the First Brigade and battery, ordered a charge, in which we drove the enemy and regained my former position. This we held until about 4 p.m., when the whole division was moved rapidly to the left and front, dividing the enemy's infantry from his cavalry; and while the First Brigade engaged his cavalry, General Custer taking my regiment, moved rapidly down across the battle-field, where the Sixth Corps in the morning most gallantly, but vainly, endeavored to check the tide of battle, which was sweeping back the broken and scattered Eighth and Nineteenth Corps. Here mingled lay the dead and

