
The following is a correct copy of the receipt given by the provost-marshal for the prisoners and property captured the engagement by my regiment:
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,

October 22, 1864

Received of First Vermont Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Bennett commanding, the following amount of property and number of prisoners captured on the 19th instant, at the battle of Cedar Creek; 161 prisoners (among whom were 1 general officer, 1 colonel, 1 lieutenant-colonel), 3 battle-flags, 23 pieces of artillery, 14 caissons, 17 army wagons, 6 spring wagons and ambulances, 83 sets of artillery harness, 75 sets of wagon harness, 98 horses, 69 mules.

G. H. ROGERS,

Lieutenant and Provost-Marshal.

In addition to the above engagements my regiment participated in the skirmishes of the 27th and 29th of September at Waynesborough, and also on the 13th of October, on the right of the picket-line at Cedar Creek, and some others of little importance.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. BENNETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

General P. T. WASHBURN,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

No. 169. Report of Major William G. Cummings, First Vermont Cavalry of operations October 22-December 22.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST VERMONT CAVALRY,Camp in the Field, January 28, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements and engagements of the First Vermont Cavalry:

On the 22nd day of October, 1864, the officers and men whose term of service had expired started for Vermont, leaving some 400 men and 3 officers, myself in command, encamped on the old battle-field of Cedar Creek, where we remained until the Army of the Shenandoah fell back, November 10, and took up a new line near Kernstown, Va. Our division had the right of the line, encamping at the junction of the Middle road with the Romney pike. Just as we got in camp I received orders to proceed with the regiment and establish a picket-line in front of the division, from Newtown to Fawcett's Gap, some three miles in extent, which was done at once. About noon on the 11th we were attacked by the enemy's cavalry, coming in on the Middle road, and forced back until the brigade came to our support, when a heavy skirmish ensued, lasting until the enemy fell back-some time after dark. We pursued them, capturing several prisoners, but on returning toward camp I was ordered to take up the old picket-line, as I was the only officer acquainted with it. We were attacked a little after day next morning by Rosser's cavalry again, but held the line until about 11 a.m., when the division came up and we were drawn in to join the charge, which we carried some two miles, to be run back in turn to the old position. The skirmishing was quite heavy until near night, with now and then a charge, but jut before dark the First Division came up and we drove the enemy

