
from the field. We joined the pursuit the next morning as far as Cedar Creek; but as the enemy had fallen back up the Valley, we returned to camp. Our loss on the 11th was 1 killed and 3 wounded; and 4 killed, 13 wounded, and 3 missing on the 12th. The regiment never fought better, though some 250 of its members were recruits just from the State, and had never seen a day's drill. The officers, Captain Chandler and Lieutenant Mitchell, acquitted themselves with great gallantry. We missed the colors (taken to the State by the men discharged) to rally the regiment on more in this engagement than at any time since on account of the small number of officers present.

On the 19th we marched with the corps on a reconnaissance up the Valley as far as Mount Jackson, but finding the enemy in force at Rude's Hill, we withdrew, our regiment covering the rear. The enemy pursued some distance and in the skirmish we had two men wounded and one captured. We returned to camp the 23rd, where we remained until the 7th of December, when we moved with the division to Moorefield, Va., to intercept Rosser on his return from capturing New Creek; but though we made fifty miles in sixteen hours, Rosser had already passed and we returned to camp on the 11th without an engagement.

On the 18th our division made a reconnaissance up the Valley camping the second night at Lacey's Springs. Just before day on the 20th a brigade of rebel cavalry charged into camp, surprising the pickets of the First New Hampshire. They were upon the Eighth New York before the Eighth was aware of the presence of an enemy. Our regiment moved at once toward the firing and, after aa short skirmish, made a charge capturing some thirty prisoners, without losing a man. We returned to camp the 22nd, and built winter quarters near Winchester, Va., where we remained, doing outpost duty, until the opening of the spring campaign.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. G. CUMMINGS,

Major, Commanding First Vermont Cavalry.

Honorable P. T. WASHBURN,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Vermont.

No. 170. Report of Lieutenant Charles H. Peirce, commanding Batteries B and L, Second U. S. Artillery, of operations October 9.

CAMP NEAR TUMBLING RUN,

October 11, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of Batteries B and L, Second U. S. Artillery, attached to your brigade, during the battle at this place on the 9th instant:

Left camp with the brigade at between 8 and 9 a.m. and moved to the front, engaging the enemy at long range, firing at a large body of the enemy's led horses and their dismounted skirmishers. A very high wind blowing at the time, it was very difficult to obtain the proper range, but finally compelled them to fall back in haste to the woods beyond. No reply from the enemy's guns. Again marched to the front and engaged the enemy at about 800 yards. While in this position the enemy opened his battery upon Lieutenant McIntire's section

