
I submit the following list of the corps, division, and brigade commanders who were wounded in the campaign (the killed having already been especially noticed), regretting that the scope of this report will not admit of my specifying by name all the many gallant men who were killed and wounded in the numerous engagements in the Shenandoah Valley, and most respectfully call attention to the accompanying sub-reports for such particulars as will, I trust, do full justice to all: Generals H. G. Wright, J. B. Ricketts, Grover, Duval, E. Upton, R. S. Mackenzie, Kitching (since died of wounds), J. B. McIntosh, G. H. Chapman, Thomas C. Devin, Penrose; Cols. D. D. Johnson, Daniel Macauley, Jacob Sharpe.

From the 7th of August, the Middle Department, Department of Washington, Department of the Susquehanna, and the Department of West Virginia, were under my command, and I desire to express my gratitude to their respective commanders, Major Gens. Lew. Wallace, C. C. Augur, Couch, and Cadwalader, and to Major-Generals Hunter and Crook, who at separate times commanded the latter department, for the assistance given me. General Augur operated very effectively with a small force under his command, the reports of which were forwarded direct to the War Department. After the battle of Cedar Creek nothing of importance occurred in the Valley up to February 27, 1865, the day on which the cavalry moved from Winchester to Petersburg.

On the night of November 11, 1864, General Early moved some of his shattered forces to the north of Cedar Creek, for the purpose of bluster, I suppose, as on the night of the following day he hastily retired. In consequence of contradictory information received from scouts and captured cavalry prisoners, I was unconvinced of any rebel infantry being in my vicinity, until it was too late to overtake it in its galloping retreat, a retreat which was continued until in the vicinity of Lacey's Springs, near Harrisonburg. Powell engaged the rebel cavalry co-operating on the Front Royal pike with this force, and drove it through Front Royal to Milford, capturing two pieces of artillery.

During this campaign I was at times annoyed by guerrilla bands, the most formidable of which was under a partisan chief named Mosby, who made his headquarters east of the Blue Ridge, in the section of country about Upperville. I had constantly refused to operate against these bands, believing them to be, substantially, a benefit to me, as they prevented straggling and kept my trains well closed up, and discharged such other duties as would have required a provost guard of at least two regiments of cavalry. In retaliation for the assistance and sympathy given them, however, by the inhabitants of Loudoun Valley, General Merritt, with two brigades of cavalry, was directed to proceed on the 28th of November, 1864, to that valley, under the following instructions:
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, November 27, 1864.

Brevet Major General WESLEY MERRITT,

Commanding First Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: You are hereby directed to proceed to-morrow morning at 7 o'clock, with the two brigades of your division now in camp, to the east side of the Blue Ridge, via Ashby's Gap, and operate against the guerrillas in the district of country bounded on the south by the line of the Manassas Gap Railroad as far east as White Plains, on the east by the Bull Run range, on the west by the Shenandoah River, and on the north by the Potomac. This section has been the hot-bed of lawless

