
of light 12-pounders, doing considerable damage to the right piece by exploding a shell six feet in front of the gun, killing instantly Private David H. Pomeroy, of Company L, Seventh Michigan Cavalry, temporarily attached to the battery, and wounding every man in the detachment: Privates G, Davis, leg since amputated; August Lent, severely in both legs; David J. Meeks, severely in both feet; Sergeant Garman in left shoulder, and Private George A. Ball wounded in left hand. One piece of the shell passed through the spoke of one wheel, breaking it, and lodging another large piece in the opposite wheel, where it still remains; still another piece cut completely in two the sponge staff while in the hands of No. 1, and still another passed through the coat of Lieutenant McIntire. The section of rifled pieces (Lieutenant Heaton) in position on the left, partly concealed from the enemy's view, sustained but slight damage, Private Robert Kimbro being slightly wounded in right elbow by the explosion of a shell. During the firing one of the assembling bolts of the left piece was broken. No other damage was done to the battery, with the exception of one horse being killed while advancing with the brigade. Returned and encamped on the battle-field at 9 p.m.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. PEIRCE,

First Lieutenant, Second U. S. Artillery, Comdg. Battery.

Colonel A. C. M. PENNINGTON,

Third New Jersey Cav., Comdg. First Brigadier, Third Cav. Div.

No. 171. Medals of Honor awarded for distinguished services under Resolution of Congress, No. 43, approved July 12, 1862, and section 6 of Act of Congress, approved March 3, 1863.

Name.	 Rank and	 Date.	 Awarded for-

 organization.

 	 1864

Adams, James F	 Private Company	 Nov. 12	 Capture of

 D, 1st West	 	 State flag of

 Virginia Cavalry	 	 14th Virginia

 	 	 Cavalry at

 	 	 Nineveh, Va.

Bowen, Chester	 Corporal, Company	 Sept. 19	 Capture of flag

B	 I, 1st New York	 	 at Winchester,

 Dragoons.	 	 Va.

Baybutt,	 Private, Company	 Sept. 24	 Capture of flag

Philip	 A, 2nd	 	 at Luray, Va.

 Massachusetts

 Cavalry.

Cole, Gabriel	 Corporal, Company	 Sept. 19	 Capture of flag

 I, 5th Michigan	 	 at Winchester,

 Cavalry	 	 Va.

Creed, John	 Private, Company	 Sept. 22	 Capture of flag

 D, 23rd Illinois	 	 at Fisher's

 Infantry	 	 Hill, Va.

Connors, James	 Private, Company	 Sept. 22 	 Capture of flag

 E, 43rd New York	 	 at Fisher's

 Infantry. 	 	 Hill, Va.

Crocker, Ulric	 Private, Company	 Oct. 19	 Capture of flag

 M, 6th Michigan	 	 of 18th Georgia

 Cavalry. 	 	 Infantry at

 	 	 Cedar Creek,

 	 	 Va.

Cumpston,	 Private, Company	 ----	 Capture of

James	 D, 91st Ohio	 	 flag.

 Infantry

Fox, Henry M	 Sergeant, Company	 Sept. 19	 Capture of flag

 M, 5th Michigan	 	 at Winchester,

 Cavalry	 	 Va.

Gause, Isaac	 Corporal, Company	 ----

 E, 2nd Ohio

 Cavalry

Hanford,	 Private, Company	 Oct. 9	 Capture of flag

Edward R	 H, 2nd U. S.	 	 of 32nd

 Cavalry	 	 Battalion

 	 	 Virginia

 	 	 Cavalry at

 	 	 Woodstock, Va.

Hough, Ira	 Private, Company	 Oct. 19	 Capture of flag

 E, 8th Indiana	 	 at Cedar Creek,

 Infantry	 	 Va.

Hart, William	 Private, Company	 1864-1865	 Gallant conduct

E	 B, 8th New York	 	 and service as

 Cavalry	 	 scout in the

 	 	 Shenandoah

 	 	 Valley, Va.

Henry, William	 Colonel 10th	 Oct. 19	 Distinguished

W	 Vermont Infantry	 	 gallantry in

 	 	 the battle of

 	 	 Cedar Creek,

 	 	 Va.

