
attached General Rosser, on General Early's left, but were repulsed and driven several miles, losing 200 prisoners and a number of horses. Rosser's command behaved very handsomely, particularly Lomax's brigade, under Colonel Payne, and Wickham's, under Lieutenant-Colonel Morgan. About same time Powell's cavalry division attacked McCausland's brigade at Cedarville, on the Front Royal road, and drove it across the river. Particulars not yet received.

R. E. LEE.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR.
HEADQUARTERS, November 22, 1864.

General Early reports that the enemy's cavalry, in considerable force, drove in our cavalry pickets this morning and advanced to Mount Jackson and crossed the river. It was met by some infantry and one brigade of Rosser's cavalry, and driven back. Rosser pursued, driving the enemy beyond Edenburg in confusion, and compelled him to abandon his killed and wounded. General Early thinks it was a reconnaissance.

R. E. LEE.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,Secretary of War, Richmond.

No. 173. Reports of LieutenantGeneral Jubal A. Early, C. S. Army, commanding Valley, of operations September 17-October 19.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,New Market, October 9, 1864.

GENERAL: In advance of a detailed report I have determined to give you an informal account of the recent disasters to my command, which I have not had leisure to do before.

On the 17th of September I moved two divisions (Rodes' and Gordon's) from Stephenson's Depot, where they, together with Breckindridge's division, were encamped (Ramseur being at Winchester to cover the road from Berryville), to Bunker Hill, and on the 18th I moved Gordon's division, with a part of Lomax's cavalry, to Martinsburg, to thwart efforts that were reported to be making to repair the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. This expedition was successful, and the bridge over Back Creek was burned by a brigade of cavalry sent there. On the evening of the 18th Rodes was moved back to Stephenson's Depot and Gordon to Bunker Hill, with orders to start at daylight to return to his camp at Stephenson's Depot, which place he reached at a very early hour next morning. About the time of Gordon's arrival on that morning firing was heard in Ramseur's front, and now a report reached me that the enemy's cavalry had appeared on the Berryville road. I ordered Rodes, Gordon, and Breckinridge to have their divisions under arms ready to move to Ramseur's assistance, and rode to his position to ascertain the extent and character of the demonstration. On getting there I found Ramseur's division in line of battle, and the enemy evidently advancing with his whole force. The other divisions were immediately ordered up and the trains all put in motion for their security. Rodes and Gordon arrived just before the enemy commenced advancing a heavy force on

