
my command into other hands. Though this affair has resulted so disastrously to my command, yet I think it is not entirely without compensating benefits. The Sixth Corps had already begun to move off to Grant and my movement brought it back, and Sheridan's forces are now so shattered that he will not be able to send Grant any efficient aid for some time. I think he will be afraid to trust the Eight and Nineteenth Corps.

The enemy's loss in killed and wounded was very heavy, and we took 1,300 prisoners, making, with some taken by Rosser, and others taken on the day of reconnaissance, over 1,500. My loss in killed and wounded was not more than 700 or 800, and I think very few prisoners were lost. A number of my men are still out, but they are coming in. Except for the loss of my artillery the enemy has far the worst of it. We secured some of the captured artillery, and our net loss is twenty-three pieces. I still have twenty pieces besides the horse artillery. The enemy is not pursuing, and I will remain here and organize my troops.

Respectfully,

J. A. EARLY.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia.

ADDENDA.

Organization of the Confederate forces commanded by LieutenantGeneral Jubal A. Early, C. S. Army, at the battle of Cedar Creek, Va., October 19, 1864.

RAMSEUR'S DIVISION.

Major General STEPHEN D. RAMSEUR.*

Battle's Brigade.

Brigadier General CULLEN A. BATTLE.+

LieutenantColonel E. LA FAYETTE HOBSON.

3rd Alabama, --- ---.

5th Alabama, LieutenantColonel E. La Fayette Hobson.

6th Alabama, --- ---.

12th Alabama, Captain P. D. Ross.

61st Alabama, Major William E. Pinckard.

Grimes' Brigade.

Brigadier General BRYAN GRIMES.

32nd North Carolina, Colonel David

53rd North Carolina, G.

2nd North Carolina Battalion Cowand.

43rd North Carolina, Colonel John R.

45th North Carolina, Winston.

Cook's Brigade.

Brigadier General PHILIP COOK.

4th Georgia, LieutenantColonel William H. Willis.

12th Georgia, Captain James Everett.

21st Georgia, Captain Henry T. Battle.

44th Georgia, LieutenantColonel James W. Beck.

Cox's Brigade.

Brigadier General WILLIAM R. COX.

1st North Carolina, Captain William H. Thomson.

2nd North Carolina, --- ---.

3rd North Carolina, Captain William H. Thomson.

4th North Carolina, --- ---.

14th North Carolina, Captain Joseph Jones.

30th North Carolina, Captain John C. McMillan.

---------------

*Killed.

+Wounded.

---------------

