
dierly qualities. I would also here especially mention the loss of two of my most efficient staff officers, Lieutenant-Colonels Kellogg and O'Keeffe, both of whom died after having passed through the dangers and privations of years of warfare, the former of fever, consequent upon excessive labor during the campaign from Petersburg to Appomattox, the latter from wounds received at the battle of Five Forks.

The report of the march from Winchester to Petersburg,* to engage in the final campaign, has heretofore, been furnished, but I consider in in fact a sequel to this.

I attach hereto an abstract of ordnance and ordnance stores captured from the enemy during the campaign (the 101 pieces of artillery being exclusive of the twenty-four pieces recaptured in the afternoon at Cedar Creek), also a detailed report of my casualties, which are, in the aggregate, as follows: Killed, 1,938; wounded, 11,893; missing, 3,121; total, 16,952.

The records of the provost-marshal, Middle Military Division, show about 13,000 prisoners (as per annexed certificate) to have been received by him, and receipts are among the records of the assistant adjutant-general, Middle Military Division, for forty-nine battle-flags, forwarded to the honorable the Secretary of War.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

Brevet Major General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.

[Inclosure No. 1.]
HEADQUARTERS, In the Field, Monocacy Bridge, Md., August 5, 1864.

Major General D. HUNTER,Commanding Department of West Virginia:

GENERAL: Concentrate all your available forces without delay in the vicinity of Harper's Ferry, leaving only such railroad guards and garrisons for public property as may be necessary. Use in this concentration the railroad, if by so doing time can be saved. From Harper's Ferry, if it is found that the enemy has moved north of the Potomac in great force, push north, following and attacking him wherever found; following him if driven south of the Potomac as long as it is safe to do so. If it is ascertained the enemy has but a small force north of the Potomac, then push south with the main force, detailing, under a competent commander, a sufficient force to look after the raiders and drive them to their homes. In detailing such a force, the brigade of cavalry now en route from Washington, via Rockville, may be taken into account. There are now on the way to join you three other brigades of the best cavalry, numbering at least 5,000 men and horses. These will be instructed, in the absence of further orders, to join you by the south side of the Potomac. One brigade will probably start to-morrow. In pushing up the Shenandoah Valley, as it is expected you will have to go first or last, it is desirable that nothing should be left to invite the enemy to return. Take all provisions, forage, and stock wanted for the use of your command; such as cannot be consumed destroy. It is not desirable that buildings should be destroyed; they should rather be pro-

---------------

*To appear in Vol. XLVI.

---------------

