
Monday, October 10.-We spend the day in camp. I started parties to fix the telegraph from Harrisonburg to New Market. Had Robinson copy Yankee map of battle of Winchester and reducing Pennsylvania maps. Otlmanns copying map of Georgia. Very heavy frost. Pretty day. Cavalry on Stony Creek. Church at night.

Tuesday, October 11.-Troops remained in camp. A lovely day. I looked after telegraph. Had two parties at work-Gordon's and Ramseur's pioneers. Took Kershaw's pioneers late in the day and went and built a bridge over river at Mount Jackson for infantry. Lomax's division went to Page Valley late in the p.m. * * *

Wednesday, October 12.-We marched at sunrise, Ramseur in front, followed by Gordon, Kershaw, and Pegram. Ramseur encamped southwest of Narrow Passage, and Gordon and Kershaw between there and Woodstock, and Wharton ---. Headquarters two miles southwest of Woodstock. The cavalry on the Back road came from Timberville to Columbia Furnace. Lomax's old brigade preceded us and went beyond Woodstock to Pugh's Run. Cool. Some rain in p.m. and at night.

Thursday, October 13.-Moved on at 6 a.m., Gordon in advance. Got to Hupp's Hill by 10 a.m. and moved Gordon's division into the woods on the left of the pike, concealed from the enemy, and got the other divisions in line under the brow of the hill. Only showed a few cavalry and some artillery. The enemy was encamped north of Cedar Creek. We opened the artillery on one of their camps and made them run off and leave it. We opened first on a brigade on picket near Hite's house and scattered them. The flight from the camp was a perfect stampede. Then a column of Yankees came down from Hite's house to the bridge across the bottom. We played on them and scattered them some. They crossed the bridge and formed at right angles to the pike and advanced. Conner's brigade, of Kershaw's division, was advanced on the right of the pike to meet them. They moved forward in fine style and driving the enemy back, the artillery playing on the enemy at the same time. We also suffered some from the Yankee artillery. Gordon's and Wharton's skirmishers also advanced on the left, and we drove the enemy in confusion across the creek, advancing to Stickley's house, where we were exposed to the fire of their batteries. Wharton was formed on Gordon's left. Ramseur came up in rear of Kershaw. Rosser advanced to Cedar Creek on the Back road. Lomax's old brigade, Payne commanding, was our advance on the pike. Lomax's division came down Luray Valley. The day was windy and quite cool. We moved back to Fisher's Hill late in the p.m. Headquarters at Funkhouser's. General Conner was badly wounded. We took 65 prisoners, and killed and wounded a good many. Our loss, 22 killed and 160 wounded.

Friday, October 14.-We spent the day on Fisher's Hill. Enemy's cavalry came this side of Strasburg, and we sent out Gordon's and Wharton's skirmishers and drove them back to Hupp's Hill. No loss. Wharton was put on the right at Fisher's Hill, then Kershaw, Gordon, Pegram, and Ramseur to the left, and Rosser on the Back road. Lomax came to near Front Royal yesterday and drove the enemy's pickets to Guard Hill. The force of the enemy that had been destroying at Front Royal went toward Winchester. A pleasant day.

Saturday, October 15.-We spent the day at Fisher's Hill. Some of our skirmishers went to Hupp's Hill. Enemy on north bank of Cedar Creek fortifying. We rode along the lines some. Windy and cool.

Sunday, October 16.-All quiet. Yanks fortifying. We went on Round Hill in the morning and looked at them. Then Colonel Allan,

