
did it all. They came as far as Spangler's Mill, and there tore up a bridge which had been broken and impeded our train, but had been repaired and we were passing over it. The general and staff got to Fisher's Hill and tried to rally the men. We succeeded in getting many of them into camp, but could get none to go back and recapture the wagons, &amp;c., at Strasburg. Colonel Brown got eight or ten to go on guard at the stone bridge. We got 1,300 prisoners off safely. The general was very much prostrated when he learned the extent of our disaster and started the wagons for the rear, and sent for Rosser to come and cover the retreat. He spent me to Edenburg to stop the stragglers. Thus was one of the most brilliant victories of the war turned into one of the most disgraceful defeats, and all owing to the delay in pressing the enemy after we got to Middletown; as General Early said, "The Yankees got whipped and we got scared." I got to Edenburg and put the engineer troops on guard at the bridge to stop fugitives. A very fine day. Cool at night. I spent the day with the general; carried orders, &c. We had many narrow escapes. We were frequently fired at and much exposed. Colonel Godwin was wounded in the neck. General Ramseur was killed. Payne had 326 men and took 399 prisoners (Payne).

Thursday, October 20.-Our wagons came to New Market, and, starting at daylight, the infantry came there also, most of the men having sorted themselves and order been somewhat restored. All took their former camps. Captain Shorter, engineer officer, came up to-day. It was quite windy and cool. The Yankee cavalry followed ours slowly to Edenburg.

Friday, October 21.-Spent the day in camp. Made a sketch of the battle for General Early to send to General Lee. Oltmanns copying map of Georgia. Fine day, but cool. Enemy at Strasburg and Cedar Creek.

Saturday, October 22.-I started on the state for Richmond at 7 a.m. to bear dispatches to General Lee. Got to Staunton after dark. Spent the night at M. G. Harman's. Had quite a long chat with Andrew Hunter. Quite cool.

Sunday, October 23.-Went to Richmond on the cars. Many of the reserves were going down and I met some coming to the Valley District. A fine day, but cool. I went to General Lawton's to get a horse to go to General Lee's at Chaffin's. Took tea with General Lawton and had a long chat. Got a horse and went to General Lee's, six miles. Got there at 11 p.m. Saw General Lee and we had a long talk about matters in the Valley, commanding generals, &c. I spent the night there. General Early told me not to tell General Lee that we ought to have advanced in the morning at Middletown, for, said he, we ought to have done so.

Monday, October 24.-I went down to see General Ewell at the Chaffing house; found him in a fine humor. We rode out along the line of works and to Fort Gilmer. Saw Fort Harrison and the Yankee lines. Came back and conversed awhile with General Lee, then went up to Richmond. Transacted some business at the Engineer Bureau. Went to the Spotswood and found my old friend Colonel Heck there. Called on Colonel Nat. Tyler in the evening and went home with him and spent a pleasant hour or so. A fine day.

Tuesday, October 25.-Went to Staunton on the cars and then got a horse and rode home. Got there at midnight and spent a few delightful hours with my family. * * * Fine bracing day. All quiet at the army.

