
at Middletown; drove them to Newtown. Payne's brigade in our advance. We formed a line near Chrisman's Spring; found the enemy entrenched at Newtown. Headquarters near Vancluse. Rosser on the Middle road northwest of Newtown, on our left; Lomax on our right, from Cedarville to near Newtown. Pegram is on the right, near the road to the factory; then Gordon to the pike; then Grimes to top of Jones' Hill; then Wharton and Kershaw to the left. I sketched the left of the Yankee position at battle of Cedar Creek. Rosser and Lomax were at headquarters at night. Enemy's infantry camps near Kernstown and Bartonsville. Had details of ten from each division made for an army pioneer party, and put Lieutenant Flood in charge of it. A bracing day; clear and cool.

Saturday, November 12.-We were roused up at an early hour; took breakfast, and prepared for a fight. The army was, part of it, in line of battle last night, and held the same position to-day. We formed in rear of the stream that runs from Christman's Spring on the right of the pike, then across Jones' Hill on the left. Kershaw, Wharton, and Grimes on the left, and Gordon and Pegram on the right of the road. We had some skirmishing, but no general engagement. On the Back road Custer drove back a portion of Rosser's brigade as far as Cedar Creek. He brought up his other brigade and Payne went to him, and they routed the Yankees in turn and scattered them far and wide, saber in hand. We remained in line until about dark, then fell back to Fisher's Hill, getting to camp at a very late hour. The day was raw and cold. Late in the p.m. the Yankee cavalry fell on McCausland's brigade at Cedarville. He repulsed two attacks, and then thinking they were gone he halted to feed, but they came on and caught him unprepared and drove him across the river and through Front Royal, capturing two pieces of artillery. I finished sketching the battle-field of Cedar Creek; found it quite cold and raw. Oltmanss went with me. Camp at Round Hill.

Sunday, November 13.-We moved back at daylight up the Valley, Grimes, Gordon, Wharton, Kershaw, and Pegram. The army encamped on Pence's Hill, on the south bank of Stony Creek, the artillery going to near Hawkinstown. The cavalry came to the vicinity of Edenburg. Headquarters went to New Market. Intensely cold, windy and snow flying. The mountains and hills white.

Monday, November 14.-We spent the day resting, fixing up camp, &amp;c. Colonel William Proctor Smith came up day before yesterday as chief engineer of the Army of Valley District. It was milder to-day, but still raw and cold. The army came on up, Gordon, Wharton, Kershaw, Grimes, and Pegram, the artillery in front. Captain Hart with his company and Lieutenant Flood and the pioneers were ordered to encamp near headquarters and report to the chief engineer.

Tuesday, November 15.-Moved into a house and began new map of battle of Cedar Creek; Robinson, at Southeast Virginia, and Oltmanns, at Eastern Virginia, for Engineer Bureau. Kershaw started up the Valley for Richmond. It was quite cold and rained some. Wrote memoranda of Army of Valley District for Colonel Boteler or Honorable Mr. Goode.

Wednesday, November 16.- * * * It was a fine day. In the p.m. Colonels Smith and Allan and myself rode to the top of the mountain on the Luray road. * * * Sent off document to Colonel Boteler, showing that to this date we had marched, since the opening of the campaign, 1,670 miles, and had seventy-five battles and skirmishes.

