
Monday, November 28.-Spent day in camp. Finished battle of Cedar Creek and worked at battle of Kearneysville. Oltmanns finished Western Virginia; Robinson made map of Harper's Ferry. Mild day; fog in morning.

Tuesday, November 29.-I sketched the road to Mount Jackson, and got position at Rude's Hill. A fine, warm day; summer-like. Heard that Rosser had captured a gun at Moorefield and gone on toward Cumberland.

Wednesday, November 30.-Spent the day in camp making map of the engagement at Rude's Hill. Oltmanns copying battle of Chattanooga. Robinson made maps for Colonel Smith's monthly report, showing position of army, pickets, &amp;c. A fine, pleasant day. We heard of General Rosser's capture of New Creek; 800 prisoners, 8 pieces of artillery, &c. * * * I drew my pay for November, $833,33 1/3, under new appointment.

Thursday, December 1.-Finished my map of the engagement at Rude's Hill. Visited General Gordon's camp. Got information of positions, &c., from General Wharton, Major Peyton, &c. Oltmanns copying Chattanooga. Robinson is sick. Colonel Smith went to Luray Valley. Fine, warm day.

Friday, December 2.-Worked at map of battle of Charlestown. Oltmanns finished map of battle of Chattanooga. Robinson was sick. Rosser got back to-day with flags, &c. Major Peyton called to see me to-day. Colonel Smith got back. It began to rain about noon. Somewhat cool.

Saturday, December 3.-Finished map of battle of Charlestown. Oltmanns began yesterday a reduction of the map of Northeastern Virginia and part of Maryland and Pennsylvania. Robinson still sick. A pleasant day. The Yankee prisoners were brought in.

Sunday, December 4.-Spent day in camp. * * * A fine, warm day.

Monday, December 5.-Finished map of action at Kearneysville and worked at battle of Harper's Ferry. Robinson finished off several battle maps and outlined some. Oltmanns at reduction. A hard white frost and day chilly. Mr. Lacy spent some time with us.

Tuesday, December 6.-Finished map of Harper's Ferry and worked some on one of Fort Duncan. Robinson made a copy of Rude's Hill; Oltmanns at reduction of Northeastern Virginia. Gordon's division changed camp and moved up toward Staunton; also Pegram. A pleasant day; little rain in a.m.

Wednesday, December 7.-I began map of fight at Smithfield. Robinson copied Cedar Creek. Oltmanns at reduction of Northeastern Virginia. Wickham's brigade went from Mount Jackson to Timberville.

Thursday, December 8.-Finished Smithfield and began map of New Creek. Robinson finished copy of Cedar Creek. Oltmanns at reduction. Finished copying my journal at night. It is reported that Gordon's and Pegram's divisions went to Richmond from Staunton last night. A big battle is expected at Richmond. The Sixth Corps of Sheridan's army has gone there, and it is reported to-day that more of his men have gone.

Friday, December 9.-Finished map of vicinity of New Creek and corrected map of Northeastern Virginia. Robinson made map of vicinity of Lynchburg. Oltmanns at reduction of Northeastern Virginia. The day was very cold, chilly; it began to snow after dark. General Lee sent word that Grant had sent off two corps of his army. Heavy

