
cannonading said to be heard toward Richmond. Gordon and Pegram got to Waynesborough Wednesday night and went on to Richmond. There were a good many deserters in Pegram's division-the conscripts that lately came in. Made list of maps I had furnished at night.

Saturday, December 10.-It snowed all last night and for some time to-day; the snow is about ten inches deep. I began another map of the battle of Cedar Creek, after correcting a map for Robinson to copy of Rosser's route. Oltmanns at reduction. Quite cold. * * *

Sunday, December 11.- * * * The day was cold and chilly; it rained a little and snowed a little. * * *

Monday, December 12.-Worked at Cedar Creek. Robinson copying Monocacy; Oltmanns at reduction. A very cold day; wind sharp and biting. It froze very hard last night.* * *

Tuesday, December 13.-Robinson finished Monocacy. Oltmanns at reduction, I at Cedar Creek. Cool day; looks like storm. * * *

Wednesday, December 14.-Worked at Cedar Creek. Robinson at map of vicinity of Washington; Oltmanns at reduction. Some rain that froze early in the a.m.; mild day. Grimes' division left for Richmond.

Thursday, December 15.-Spent the day finishing some maps for Colonel Smith. Robinson was very sick and we sent him to the hospital. Oltmanns worked at reduction awhile and then packed up. Mild day; thawed some.

Friday, December 16.-We started from New Market about 11 a.m. Wharton's division started by daylight and went to near Mount Crawford. Rosser's division went on toward Swoope's and Lomax's to Swift Run Gap. We rode on the Harrisonburg and spent the night there. It thawed all day. Warm south wind. * * *

Saturday, December 17.-I rode on quite early to show General Wharton his camp. Turned off at the Willow Pump and went by the Barren Ridge road to the Waynesborough road; showed his inspector the camp and then went to John Hamilton's for the night. It continued to thaw and most of the snow left. General Early came to Staunton. Wharton went out two miles toward Waynesborough. It rained some in the p.m. and at night.

Sunday, December 18.-I rode back to Staunton to see General Early, then came back to Fishersville, where the wagons came, and went to look for a camp. It rained most of the day and the mud got quite deep. We spent the night in the woods near Fishersville. The general did not come from Staunton.

Monday, December 19.-I obtained quarters near Fishersville and moved to them. Wharton's division came two miles this side of Staunton night before last and encamped, and to-day came on to camps near Fishersville. The general came down late in the p.m. and went to Mrs. McCue's. We went to Staunton on the cars again, owing to report of enemy coming up the Valley-at Woodstock to-night. Two divisions of their cavalry crossed the Blue Ridge at Chester Gap. Mild day.

Tuesday, December 20.-We started back down the Valley this morning to me the advance of the enemy. Rosser, who moved to Swoope's Sunday, went in advance. I guided Wharton across by Major Harman's into the pike and we went on to Naked Creek, where we spent the night. Had our quarters in the church. Rosser went to Harrisonburg and the enemy came to Lacey's Springs, a division of cavalry. Most of the snow gone, but the day was quite chilly and before midnight a severe storm began of sleet, hail, and snow.

