
Wednesday, December 21.-We marched on at daylight in the midst of a blinding storm, cold and biting, but most of the men in a good humor, though in no plight for a battle. Rosser moved at dawn and attacked the enemy just as they were saddling up. Routed their first and second brigades, capturing 35 prisoners and getting their wagons and ambulances, but they rallied on their third brigade and he had to fall back and they got their wagons back, but at once retreated down the Valley. The infantry was halted at the Big Spring on the pike three miles southwest of Harrisonburg, and went into camp. Rosser did not get all his up in time for his attack. We got to Harrisonburg about noon. The storm ceased at noon. It was quite warm for a short time. It was very slippery on the pike. The general stays in Harrisonburg. I had J. Arthur Wilson detailed for topographical duty.

Thursday, December 22.-The day was windy and quite cold. * * * Wharton marched back to near Staunton. Payne's and Wickham's brigades came to near Staunton.

Friday, December 23.-In p.m. went to Staunton and down the quarters at Fishersville; air keen and cold, but clear. Roads very icy. Wharton's division (two brigades) took the cars and went across mountain (Blue Ridge); one brigade went to old camp.

Saturday, December 24.-Went to Fishersville, then back and up to Staunton, and Mr. Oltmanns and Colonels Smith and Allan went home with me to a Christmas dinner, and we had a very pleasant evening. Robinson came out yesterday. A fine day. It thawed some. The Yankees came near to Gordonsville and were repulsed there.

Sunday, December 25.-Colonels Smith and Allan went back to Staunton to-day. * * * A fine day, quite pleasant and thawed some.

Monday, December 26.-I rode to Staunton. Was there awhile and then came back and examined the location for a bridge over Middle River. Lieutenant Flood and party came out there to-day. It was warm. The sun shone brightly and most of the snow was melted. General Early came back to Staunton yesterday and dined at Major John Harman's to-day. (Came from Gordonsville).

Tuesday, December 27.-I rode to Staunton in the a.m., and after looking after business there while, I went on to Fishersville; dined at our quarters, then went to see General Early and got a furlough until January 3, then went back to Major Harman's. It was very muddy. Quite warm; rain at night. Troops back in camp near Fishersville.

Wednesday, December 28.-Spent part of the day in Staunton looking for servants, &amp;c., then rode home, stopping to see Lieutenant Flood, who is building a bridge at Middle River. There was a heavy for and mist in the morning; then rain in the p.m., and at night quite hard. Very muddy.

Thursday, December 29.-Spent the day at home. Worked at map of Kernstown. It thawed some. Snowed last night. Froze at night. Robinson engaged at Lynchburg. * * *

Friday, December 30.-Spent day at home. Worked at vicinity of Winchester. Robinson at Lynchburg map. It was quite chilly.

Saturday, December 31.-Spent some time at battle map of Kernstown, and Robinson at Lynchburg. Snow in the morning; quite cold.*

---------------

*For such of the maps mentioned in this Journal as have been obtained, see Plates 81 to 85, inclusive, of the Atlas.

---------------

