
No. 175. Report of Surg. A. Russell Meem, C. S. Army, of operations November 22.

GENERAL HOSPITAL,

Mount Jackson, November 23, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the enemy's cavalry, in strong force, advanced and occupied this town yesterday. Their medical officers came into the hospital and acted very uncivilly, requiring a list of all officers, saying they would remove all on their return; but owing to their unexpected defeat, and being rapidly pursued by our forces, they had not time to stop. As they went up they carried off with them some bedding, bed clothing, and clothing of a portion of the wounded, the exact number of which I have not at this time been able to ascertain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. MEEM,

Surgeon in Charge.

Surg. W. A. CARRINGTON,

Medical Director, Richmond, Va.

No. 176. Report of Colonel James P. Simms, Fifty-third Georgia Infantry, commanding brigade, Kershaw's division, First (Longstreet's) Corps, of operations August 3-October 20.

HEADQUARTERS SIMMS' BRIGADE, December -, 1864.

SIR: *

He General Bryan returned and resumed command about August 3, and remained with the brigade until the morning of the 21st, when he again left, during which time we moved from Chester Station to the Valley, nothing of importance having occurred during the time. When I took command again, on the 21st, the brigade was near Winchester, and with orders to move. The division was moved in the direction of Charlestown, with this brigade in front. After moving some six of eight miles we encountered the cavalry of the enemy. The major-general ordered me to send forward two regiments to attack, which was done, driving the enemy a short distance, when it was found necessary to re-enforce with another regiment. I suppose we met about one brigade of the enemy's cavalry, driving them about six miles, when they fell back upon a division of their cavalry strongly posted and with artillery. Here I halted the bridge, thinking it not prudent to advance farther, when the major-general brought up the remainder of the division and ordered an advance. By this time the enemy had retreated hastily in the direction of Charlestown. In this affair we lost a few men wounded and one or two killed. After this we moved on to Charlestown, the enemy falling back to Harper's Ferry. Remained at Charlestown a few days. The skirmish line engaged slightly near Charlestown on the 30th. On the 31st the brigade, with the others of the division, moved back in the direction of Winchester.

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from June 2 to August 2, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.1064, and Vol. XL, Part I, p.768.

---------------

