
On September 3 we left Winchester and moved toward Berryville, arriving near Berryville a little before sunset in the evening, and the enemy immediately in our front. Line of battle was formed by order of the major-general, in conjunction with the other brigades of the division, and an attack made upon their lines. Our men moving forward with great spirit and gallantry, the enemy only held their position long enough to fire one round, then fled precipitately. By this time night interposed, and we slept upon the field, and next morning found that their line, which had crossed the road, now ran parallel to it, and they had made use of the time allowed by night to fortify. We remained in line confronting them next day and night, and were then ordered to withdraw, and returned to Winchester. The loss of the brigade in this battle was 4 killed and 26 wounded.

We remained at Winchester until September 16, and then marched in direction of Culpeper Court-House. On the 19th the general, having received information that a raiding party was in the vicinity, and that they were going toward Stevensburg, ordered me with this brigade to certain point on that road to intercept them. The brigade was put in motion immediately and moved at double-quick for nearly two miles, but upon arriving within about 500 yards the enemy were opposite to us in the road, having proceeded so far as to render it impossible to cut them off. Finding that this was the only opportunity we would have of inflicting damage upon them, I gave orders to fire. We killed and wounded several of them. Our loss was nothing. We recaptured from this party quite a number of horses and mules which they had captured from a Government lot near Rapidan Station. On the 20th we left Culpeper, marching in the direction of Gordonsville, which place we reached on the 25th. Encamped there one night, and then again we moved in the direction of the Valley, passing through Swift Run Gap; thence up by the foot of the mountains in the direction of Port Republic. On September - we came in sight of Port Republic, at which place the enemy's cavalry were distinctly visible, driving ours before them across the river and through the town. By an order from the major-general, I placed my brigade in the edge of a wood near by the road leading from the town, in such manner as not to be observed by the enemy, and awaited their advance in that direction. Our cavalry having already retired as he had anticipated, it was not long before they came dashing down the road, moving by the flank, but by the untimely firing of some shots from the command we failed to inflict such loss upon them as otherwise would have been done. The enemy escaped with slight loss, and the loss of the brigade was nothing.

From this time until October 14 the brigade was marching from point to point, encamping at different places for a short space of time. When, on the 14th, General Conner's brigade was engaged at Hupp's Hill this brigade was held as reserve for his support, but that brigade having accomplished the work assigned to it so handsomely it was not thought necessary to bring it into action; therefore the brigade was not engaged, but lost in wounded some eight or ten men.

On the evening of the 18th I received orders to move out in the direction of Strasburg at 12 o'clock that night, preparatory to an attack that was to be made on the enemy's works next morning. In compliance with the order, the brigade moved out at the time specified and to the point designated, each man having been supplied with sixty rounds of ammunition. Soon after our arrival at the place designated by the major-general, on the turnpike, the other brigades of the division came up, and we marched in the direction of Strasburg by the turnpike road in

