
front of the division. Having passed through Strasburg we left the turnpike and moved upon a little road turnpike to the right, which was followed until we came in sight of the enemy's camp-fires. Here a halt was ordered until near 5 o'clock, when I was ordered to move down the creek and form line of battle parallel to the creek, and to advance immediately to the front until a certain clump of woods was passed, and then to change direction to the left in such manner as to cause the line to confront that of the enemy, to drive the enemy's pickets in without firing upon them, and not to fire until the enemy's line was reached-all of which was strictly complied with, the gallant men moving forward steadily and firmly, receiving the shots from the enemy's picket-line without replying, but continuing to move forward with unbroken front through the volleys of musketry and cannon which they were now exposed to until they reached the enemy's works. The enemy made a stubborn resistance. Some of them were shot down while firing upon our men at the distance of a few feet. The works were of a formidable character, with a strong abatis covering most of the front and in a favorable position for defense. After capturing the works and sweeping through the camp (which was just inside the works), there being no troops either on our right or left, I thought it prudent to fall back to the captured works and await the arrival of other troops. Here the brigade captured a large number of prisoners, seven pieces of cannon which were mounted on the works, besides some other pieces which were parked in rear-the whole of the camp equipage which was upon that part of their line. While waiting for the other troops to come up the captured artillery was turned upon the enemy. Very soon the brigades of Generals Conner and Humphreys came up on the right and left and again we advanced, encountering a second line of works, but driving them like chaff before the wind, and again came in contact with their third line, but here did not meet with as much resistance as upon the other lines. We continued to drive the enemy until about 11 o'clock, when a halt was ordered, out position was changed by moving to the right, and rested until about 5 o'clock in the afternoon, when an attack was made upon the troops to our left. They broke and fled in confusion, forcing upon us the necessity of falling back. The line was formed about one-quarter of a mile in rear of the one which had been abandoned, which was held until it was found that the troops on the left of my brigade had abandoned the field. I placed a regiment on my left, formed perpendicularly to the rear to protect the flank. The enemy soon attacked it with such force as it was not able to withstand. I then determined to throw back the entire brigade, so as to protect the flank of the line, and while carrying into execution this purpose I observed the troops on my right moving by the right flank, which rendered it necessary I should move likewise. By this time the enemy had gotten completely in our rear and were pressing from the front and flank, and in moving out among the confused masses of troops from other commands our organizations also became confused, and it was impossible to reform the command in proper order. We moved back that night to Fisher's Hill, and next morning in the direction of New Market, which place we reached the same evening.

In this battle the brigade had about 520 arms-bearing men. Of four regimental commanders three were wounded, two have since died of the wounds-Colonels Ball and Holt. Colonel McGlashan was wounded through both things.

