
The loss of the brigade was heavy in officers and men (about 200 killed and wounded), complete lists of which have been spent in prior to this time.

I take pleasure in bearing testimony to the gallantry [of] and acknowledging my indebtedness to Captain C. C. Kibbee, acting assistant adjutant-general, for his efficient service throughout the entire time which I have had the honor to command the brigade.

After remaining a few days at New Market we marched to and came by railway to Richmond.

I am, your obedient servant,

J. P. SIMS,

Commanding Brigade.

Major J. M. GOGGIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 177. Report of Brigadier General James Conner, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations September 13.

HEADQUARTERS, September 14, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of facts attending the capture of the picket from this brigade yesterday:

The Eighth South Carolina Regiment was on picket, numbering (officers included) 150 men. The main body was near the Berryville pike, having two companies at a post to its right and one company at a post to its left. The Yankee cavalry advanced (mounted) and deployed in front of the main picket; another portion deployed considerably to the left of the main picket; another portion advanced in column at a gallop up the pike, and receiving a volley from the picket dashed past it. Colonel Henagan then fell back into the woods in rear of his picket station, reformed his men, and moved through the woods to the edge of the timber on this side. Gaining that point they perceived the Yankee cavalry in front of them; these they fired upon the drove back. Advancing from the woods with the view of coming back to the brigade, they were again met by a considerable body of Yankee cavalry and Colonel Henagan fell back into the wood, some desultory firing going on between his men and the Yankees. While this was taking place the Yankee cavalry that had deployed in his front at the commencement (now in his rear) dismounted and advanced into the woods, while the other cavalry rode around the edge of the timber shouting to our men to come out. When the dismounted cavalry were within 50 or 100 yards of our men in the woods the latter surrendered. The prisoners were immediately hurried off, the officers of the Yankee cavalry urging their men to be expeditious. The two companies on duty at the picket-post to the right, after skirmishing with the advancing enemy, fell back and escaped, with he exception of three or four men, who were acting as vedettes at the mill.

I have examined all those who escaped, so as to report the facts as correctly as possible. I have mainly derived my information relative to the main picket from Doctor Dunlop, the surgeon of the regiment, who climbed a tree and escaped notice, and from Private Moore, who escaped in like manner. The result is deeply mortifying. So far as I

