
unqualified admiration. It would perhaps be invidious for me to discriminate or to attempt to allot to each their due proportion of praise, but I may say to the commanding officers of each of the organizations I am greatly indebted, not only for the prompt obedience of orders, but for the skill and gallantry displayed in the handling of their men.

For a full and detailed account of the operations of each command I refer you to the reports herewith inclosed.*

I am also greatly indebted to Lieutenant Y. J. Pope, of the Third South Carolina Regiment, acting assistant adjutant-general, and to Cadet E. P. Harllee, acting inspector, for the very efficient aid rendered me during the day, and for their conspicuous display of gallantry on every occasion to call it forth. The former was severely wounded, losing an eye, and the latter slightly.

One of my couriers, De Saussure Burrows, was shot through the head while riding by my side. He was a noble and gallant youth-a favorite with all who knew him. Couriers Crumley and Templeton also deserve honorable mention for their good conduct.

Among the killed I cannot forbear making special mention of Captain B. M. Whitener, commanding the battalion of sharpshooters. He fell while gallantly leading his little band in an attack on the enemy's lines. His best epitaph may be found written upon the hearts of those who have so often witnessed his cool courage and undaunted bravery in the presence of the foe.

It is a matter of profound regret that the Second Regiment is deprived (for a time at least, on account of the loss of a leg) of the services of its commanding officer (Major B. R. Clyburn), whose bravery in this as on other occasions is beyond all praise.

Major Todd, commanding the Third Regiment, was also severely wounded in the arm while gallantly leading his men against the enemy's second line of works.

The entire loss of the brigade was as follows:

Killed-officers, 6; enlisted men, 22; total, 28. Wounded-officers, 13; enlisted men, 172; total, 185. Missing-officers, 6; enlisted men, 199; total, 205.

Among the prisoners are Colonel Boykin and Lieutenant-Colonel McMichael, of the Twentieth South Carolina.

I am, major, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAS. M. GOGGIN,

Major, Commanding Brigade.

Major E. L. COSTIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Kershaw's Division.

No. 179. Abstract from Inspection Report of Smith's brigade, Wharton's division, for September 29.

This brigade has suffered severely since the opening of the campaign. Its loss in officers had been very heavy. It has lost all the field officers of the brigade proper except Colonel Smith and Lieutenant-Colonel Fife, Thirty-sixth Regiment Virginia Infantry, absent sick, including

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

