
In the meantime Grimes' brigade was recalled from the left and moved by the right flank through the abandoned camp of the Eighth Corps, which had been completely routed, faced to the front, and advanced to the pike, connecting with Battle's right. This formation was perfected about sunrise, the enemy being then in position on a small creek to the left of the pike, with their artillery on a high ridge in their rear and firing into our line of battle, but the smoke and fog obscured the troops so that their five was inaccurate. Here Major-General Ramseur had skirmishers thrown to the front and to the right, driving the sharpshooters of the enemy from Middletown. The division remained here perhaps half an hour until a battery was brought into position on the right of the pike, when General Ramseur again ordered an advance, which was made in good order and with a gallantry never exceeded. In this advance Battle's brigade charged a battery in its front, capturing in addition to six guns many prisoners and a flag. The Sixth Corps was found posted on a hill in rear of this battery, and made a most stubborn resistance. Grimes' brigade was ordered forward and charged them most gallantly, but being greatly overlapped on both flanks was forced to fall back and reform after advancing as far as the cemetery.

At this time there was an interval of 300 yards between this and Battle's brigade. Colonel Smith's brigade, of Wharton's division, was now brought into action on Grimes' right and charged the same wooded hill, but was likewise repulsed, when Wofford's brigade, of Kershaw's division, which had been ordered to report to Major-General Ramseur, arrived on the ground and was posted behind a stone fence to the right of Grimes, it not being thought advisable to move it against this strong position of the enemy. The artillery was at this time (about 8 a.m.) massed on the hills near the pike, and the infantry remained quiet until, by a concentrated fire from the artillery, the Sixth Corps was dislodged from its position, where they had erected temporary breastworks of rails, stones, &amp;c. Upon this hill the division was reformed, cartridge-boxes, refilled, and rested upward of an hour.

During this time skirmishers were advanced and found that the enemy had again made a stand at the edge of the woods about three-quarters of a mile in advance. We then moved forward and joined our left to Kershaw's right, halting in the road leading from Middletown and at right angles to the pike. Here again we halted perhaps for an hour, and then moved forward en echelon by brigade from the left, which was occupied by Cook, with Cox's brigade in reserve, and took position behind a stone fence.

During this time the enemy firing from their artillery, engaging our on the hills in our rear. Our skirmishers all the while were engaged with those of the enemy and had driven in our left, but they in turn were repulsed by our line of battle. In this position Grimes' brigade was about 100 yards to the right and rear of Battle's, with an interval of from 200 to 300 yards between his right and Pegram's left.

At 3.30 p.m. our skirmishers were driven in and the enemy advanced their line of battle. Grimes' brigade was double-quicked upon the line with Battle to meet this advance on the part of the enemy, and Cox moved up on a line with Cook and to his left, which advance was repulsed most gallantly, the enemy fleeing in disorder and confusion, throwing down their arms and battle-flags in their retreat. The musketry on our left still continued to increase, and at the time our troops were cheering for this repulse of the enemy the line on our left was seen to give back and the troops to retreat without any organization. General

