
Ramseur then ordered the different brigades of this division to fall back and form [behind] a stone fence about 200 yards in rear, which was promptly done, and the advance of the enemy in our front prevented. While holding this position the gallant and chivalrous General Ramseur was mortally wounded and brought from the field.

The troops on the left had by this time entirely given way and were running to the rear in great confusion. The enemy were then in front and to the left and rear of the left flank of this division, when they began to fall back in the same disorderly manner as those on the left. Our organization up to this time was intact. Upon the order being given to retire, did, so; but the stampede on the left was caught up,and no threats nor entreaties could arrest their flight. Great and repeated exertions were made by the officers of the higher ranks to check the men, but all their exertions were unavailing. Upon reaching the south side of Cedar Creek a few-perhaps to the number of 200-from Cook's and Grimes' brigade formed on the right of the pike near Huppy's Hill, but when the stream of stragglers came running over the hill with the cry that the cavalry were across the creek and prepared to charge, these few likewise scattered and could not be kept together. Up to the hour of 4 p.m. the troops of this division, both officers and men, with a few exceptions, behaved most admirably, and were kept well in hand, but little plundering, and only a few shirking their duty. After that hour all was confusion and disorder.

The brigade commanders conducted themselves, each and all, with great coolness and judgment, and are deserving of especial mention, using all possible-efforts to check their troops, but without success.

The death of the brave and heroic soldier, General Ramseur, is not only a loss to this division but to his State and the country at large. No truer or nobler spirit has been scarified in this unjust and unholy war.

The conduct of the officers composing the staff of this division cannot be too highly lauded for their gallantry and efficiency. Major Peyton, for the coolness and promptness with which he conveyed orders on the field; Major Hutchinson, for his efficiency (who was captured, escaped from the enemy, and again captured late in the evening). Captain Randolph displayed his usual daring.

Major Whiting, inspector, rendered signal service by preventing all straggling and plundering, and Lieutenant Richmond, aide-de-camp, for his assistance and alacrity in transmitting orders.

For the conduct of others deserving especial mention you are respectfully referred to reports of brigade commanders, herewith transmitted.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRYAN GRIMES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Captain S. J. C. MOORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army Valley District.

No. 182. Abstract from Inspection Report of Rodes' division for September 30.

Since the last report Cox's and Grimes' brigade have been supplied with nearly as much outer clothing and all the underclothing they require, by the State of North Carolina. Battle's and Cook's brigades

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

