
have also been partially supplied, though jackets and pants are still badly need in both. The wants of the command have been nearly supplied in the article of shoes-at least so far as the actually barefooted are concerned. If a supply sufficient for convalescents, who are returning rapidly, and to replace shoes nearly worn out now can be sent as they are needed, no suffering need occur.

I would call attention to the great scarcity of officers in the entire command. The best and efficient officers in nearly every brigade have for the most part been either killed or wounded during this campaign, and some regiments and brigades are sadly deficient in this respect. Cox's brigade has not a single field officer present, and the Fourth Regiment in it is commanded by a second lieutenant; Grimes' brigade of fie regiments has but two field officers present; Cook's has but two, and Battle's, with five regiments, only three field officers for duty. Some regiments have not an average of one officer to the company. Under these circumstances it is impossible that discipline should be kept unimpaired or even efficient. comparatively, the discipline of the division is fair, but much impaired by the recent disaster. I would respectfully suggest that the deficiency in officers might be partially supplied by allowing temporary appointments in line and field officers, as in those of higher grades, and by allowing the places of officers detailed from their commands out of the department to be supplied in the regular way. There are numerous cases in the command of officers detailed for light duty whose companies are without an officer in consequence of the wounding and capture of the other officers belonging to it, and there being no vacancy, no appointment is allowed. there are also field officers on similar details whose places ought to be supplied. If such officers were either required to report to their commands or permanently retired, in order that their places might abe supplied, a growing source of evil would be removed and the service positively benefited.

Respectfully submitted.

H. A. WHITING,

Major and Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

No. 183. Reports of Co. David G. Cowand, thirty-second North Carolina Infantry, commanding Grimes' brigade, of operations June 13-December 31.

HEADQUARTERS GRIMES' BRIGADE, Camp near Sutherland's Depot, Va., March 4, 1865.

MAJOR: In obedience to instructions from division headquarters I have the honor of making the following report of the operations of this command from the 13th of June, 1864, to the 1st of January, 1865:

On the night of the 12th of June this brigade being encamped near Cold Harbor, it received orders from Major-general Rodes to be in readiness to move at day dawn the next morning, when we took up a line of march in direction of Louisa court-House and marched to North Garden Depot, on the Orange an Alexandria Railroad, and there took the train for Lynchburg, Va. The march to the above-named place was very rapid and quite severe, as the weather was very warm. The marching was at the rate of twenty-five miles per day, but the men arose very cheerful. We arrived at Lynchburg just before

