
night and moved out on the road on the right of the Fair Grounds, and after forming a line of battle went into bivouac. during the night received orders to move to the left of our line at 2 a. m. I believe it was the intention to make an attack on the enemy at daylight. This brigade moved right in front and was the leading brigade of the division. when daylight came we found the enemy had left his works and was moving toward Liberty. This was on the morning of the 20th of June. We were soon ordered to follow the enemy, which we did, taking the old turnpike. We marched very rapidly, but overtook but very few of their stragglers. We marched about twenty-five miles. Next morning at daylight we took up the pursuit and came up with the rear of the enemy at Buford's Gap, when our skirmishers has some little skirmishing which lasted until dark. Next morning we moved on (the enemy having evacuated the gap during the night) in the direction of Salem. The enemy were destroying the railroad as they were moving, but you could see from the things thrown away that they were completely routed. That afternoon we came to a gap in the mountains and found the enemy had gotten through, but not before our cavalry had given therm quite a severe blow. We remained in camp the next day resting and cooking rations, both of which the men needed very much intend.

Next day we moved in the direction of Staunton, passing through Lexington and several small villages. At Lexington the brigade passed by the grave of that noble old here Lieutenant-General Jackson at reverse arms and has uncovered. Stopped near Staunton a few days and then moved down the pike in the direction of Winchester, and passed on through very rapidly. Reached Harper's Ferry early on the morning of the 4th of July, and was met by only a small body of sharpshooters, which were soon driven in, the sharpshooters only being engaged, and they soon took Bolivar Heights. Next morning the Forty-third North Carolina Regiment was sent in the village of Harper's Ferry to relieve one of Battle's regiments, then on picket duty. After getting in the village it was quite dangerous relieving the troops then on duty. this regiment lost several men while relieving Battle's by the fire of the sharpshooters in the Maryland Heights. About night the Thirty-second North Carolina Regiment was ordered in the town to assist in doing garrison duty and to help load the wagons with the quartermaster's and commissary supplies that we captured, balance of the brigade being near the Bolivar Heights in reserve. Next morning the brigade was relieved by Lewis' brigade and moved in direction of Shepherdstown. Crossed the Potomac, leaving Shepherdstown to our left, and camped near Sharpsburg, Md. Nexty morning moved down Pleasant Valley and had some little skirmishing for a day or two, and then moved in the direction of Frederick City without meeting with any opposition. The brigade, except the sharpshooters, was not engaged in the Monocacy fight, being held in reserve. Next day we took up line of march toward Washington City, and arrived at Silver Springs on the 11th. This brigade being the front infantry brigade in the army, sharpshooters were thrown out immediately and the brigade formed line of battle, left extending on the road known as Seventh Street road. After remaining there about two hours were ordered to the front to support the sharpshooters.

The next morning the fifty-third North Carolina Regiment was ordered down to the line of sharpshooters to support them in case of an attack. All that day the enemy were firing their artillery, which did this brigade some little damage, wounding some 5 or 6 men of the

