
not in this fight, it bering on picket duty at another ford at the time the fight was going on. The officers and men behaved as well as troops could. Next day we remained in camp near the battle-field, and that night moved off in direction of Millwood, and that night moved of in direction of Millwood, and rested at that place for a few hours, when we again moved off in direction of Newtown, and then down toward Winchester to support Ramseur's division, which had been engaged that day. Next day we fell back slowly to Fisher's Hill, where we remained a few days, and then threw up a line of entrenchments. On the morning of the 24th we again moved down the Valley. At Kernstown we formed a line of battle and threw out the sharpshooters. They soon moved forward, and, some other troops coming up on the flank of the enemy, soon routed them, and we chased them to Winchester, where they made another stand. This brigade, whit the balance of the division, wa double-quicked around on the right flank to try to cut off some cavalry. The enemy, seeing the movement, soon began to retreat again in great confusion. We followed them as rapidly as we could, but could scarcely keep in sight. They destroyed a good many wagons, caissons, &amp;c., and threw away everything that could impede them. Although this was one of the rear brigades when the retreat commenced, it was when it ended in front of everything else except the cavalry, and a good part of the time up with that. Next morning we moved on down toward Bunker Hill and toward Martinsburg, where we tore up the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. We then moved up and down the turnpike form Bunker Hill and the Potomac.

On the 5th of August we crossed the Potomac at Williamsport and marched towards Boonsborough, and went in camp. Next day recrossed the river and moved up the Valley. We then moved up and down the Valley for some days, one day running the enemy and the next falling back. On the 17th some of the troops had a fight at Winchester. this brigade was not engaged. On the 21st we moved in the direction of Charlestown. We struck the enemy near Charlestown. Our sharpshooters were sent to the front, and they had quite a severe fight and were being driven back when the Forty-third North Carolina Regiment was ordered out to their support, and they soon checked the enemy. This regiment and the sharpshooters suffered a good deal. That night the enemy fell back and we followed them through Charlestown and formed line of battle just beyond the town, and remained there until the 25th, when we were relieved by a brigade of Kershaw's division, and moved toward Shepherdstown. Had considerable skirmishing whit the enemy's cavalry, but amounting to almost nothing, they falling back faster than we could follow. The next day we marched back and camped near Leetown, and next moved back to Bunker Hill, where we remained several days. Then we moved down the Valley and back again several times, when we were ordered to Berryville to support General Anderson.

Next day we moved back and attacked the enemy's cavalry near Stephenson's Station. We drove them back very rapidly and in great confusion, but the brigade lost several men. We then remained near Bunker Hill several days, moving first one way and then the other, having several skirmishes with the enemy's cavalry and driving them back on all these occasions.

On the morning of the 19th of September we received marching orders and we moved up to Stephensons' Station, formed line of battle, and waited further orders. After remaining there from a half to one hour received orders to move toward Winchester. This was the first

