
army. I had to hurry up the color bearer for fear the colors would b captured, and the enemy reaching Strasburg first, my colors accompanied me, with many others, around the left of Fisher's Hill.

Until the stampede began the conduct of officers and men, whit very few exceptions, was very commendable. Even then the color bearer, Sergeant Barnes, Company C, Forty-third, deported himself (I use the strongest term) as well as it was possible for man to do. My command acted well till the stampede began. With the co-operation of officers and men, should our army be disgraced with another stampede, under the direction of God, my command will not.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. WINSTON,

Colonel.

Lieutenant A. W. GREEN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 185. Abstract from Inspection Report of Gordon's division, Early's corps, for August 21.

There has been but one regular inspection of troops in this division since it left Richmond on the 13th of June last. It will sufficiently account for this to say that since this date to the present time it has performed 800 miles of route marching, independent of movements in the presence of the enemy; that it has ben engaged in seventeen battles and skirmishes, some of which have lasted through two and three days, an in which it has captured 500 prisoners, and that it has been almost constantly in the presence of the enemy, either in the advance or in retreat. Under such circumstances regular inspections have been impossible, and inspectors have been compelled to make their observations whilst moving along the column on the march. On leaving Staunton in the latter part of June the transportation of Lieutenant-General Early's command was reduced so as to allow neither company nor field officers an ounce of baggage, except such as they could carry themselves or on their horses; hence records have been left behind and reports are irregular and incomplete. For the same reasons officers of the quartermaster's and commissary departments have been compelled to leave the most of their papers in rear and carry only such as were indispensable.

The discipline in this command is lax. It will be remembered that York's brigade is composed of the discordant fragments of Hay's and Stafford's brigades, and that Terry's is made up of the remnants of the Stonewall, Jones', and Steuart's brigades, formerly of Johnson's division, comprising the remains of fourteen regiments. Boath officers and men bitterly object to their consolidation into one brigade. Strange officers command strange troops, and the difficulties on fusing this incongruous mass are enhanced by casualty so may and such valuable officers as to interfere seriously whit its good management. I am pleasant to be able to add that the discipline of the command is improving, and that in spitter of all defects, the division has fought whit conspicuous gallantry and constant success. The clothing of the troops, though poor, is better than could be expected in so active a

39 R R-VOL XLIII, PT I

