
CAMP NEAR MILFORD, November 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I reached this point whit my command about 11 a. m. I inclose a report of the engagement of McCausland's brigade.* I rust his loss in prisoners is overestimated; the prisoners are coming rapidly. He had three regiments dismounted and the enemy charged in an open field. The general states that Merritt came in on the Newtown and Nineveh roads, and until then be had been successful. The ground shows evidence of a hard fight. My advance reached Cedarville about half an hour after the enemy left. I had not heard of the enemy being so low down on that road until after I passed through Cedarville.

Respectfully,

L. L. LOMAX.

Captain W. K. MARTIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 187. Report of Brigadier General John McCausland, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations November 12.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE, November 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following brief report of the engagement on yesterday between my brigade and the cavalry of the enemy:

As you are aware I was left at Cedarville to guard the Winchester and Front Royal pike, and also the cedarville and Middletown road. About 11 a. m. November 12 scouts reported the enemy advancing. I at once formed my command across the road, and put the two pieces of artillery under Captain Lurty in position so as to command the road. Soon the enemy drove in the pickets and advanced, They were soon checked and were afterward driven back. They formed and attacked the second time and were repulsed. I then advanced and drove Powell's division two miles, when he was re-enforced by a command supposed to be a division. They advanced, charged, broke my lines, and drove me to Front Royal, capturing the artillery and about 100 prisoners. I lost 10 killed and about 60 wounded. Owing to the absence of many officers I cannot state exactly the number of men killed, wounded, and missing, and the above may be considered as the nearest approximation that can now be made. I made the best fight that could be made with the same number of men, and I considered it absolutely necessary to fight on account of the great danger that would have resulted had I fallen back to Guard Hill, and thereby exposed he whole Valley pike at Middletown to the enemy.

We have to regret the loss of many brave men and officers. Captain C. I. Harvie, assistant adjutant and inspector general, mortally wounded; Lieutenant Colonel J. T. Radford,mortally wounded; Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Gibson, wounded and left near cedarville; several lieutenants also wounded.

The men and officers behaved with great gallantry. The fight lasted from 12 m. to 3.30 p. m.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JNO. McCAUSLAND,

Brigadier-General.

Captain W. K. MARTIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See next, post.

---------------

