
No. 188. Report of Colonel Edwin G. Lee, Thirty-third Virginia Infantry, of operations September 28.

AFTON, September 29, 1864.

We whipped the enemy handsomely yesterday evening. Wickham's cavalry joined whit my little command. We drove the enemy way beyond Waynesborough. If I have been promoted please send the official evidence of it to Waynesborough.

E. G. LEE,

Colonel, Commanding.

General KEMPER.

AUGUST 9-OCTOBER 14, 1864.-Mosby's operations.

REPORTS.

No. 1.- Captain Richard Blazer, Ninety-first Ohio Infantry, commanding Independent scouts, of operations August 18-October 25.

No. 2.- Colonel Henry S. Gansevoort, Thirteenth new York Cavalry, of operations September 8-15, September 24, and October 14.

No. 3.-Record of Board of Inquiry to investigate attack on Union supply train August 13.

No. 4.-General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, of operations August 13, October 4 and 14.

No. 5.-Lieutenant Colonel John S. Mosby, Forty-third Virginia Cavalry Battalion.

No. 1. Reports of Captain Richard Blazer, Ninety-first Ohio Infantry, commanding Independent Scouts, of operations August 18-October.

MYERS' FORD, VAL, September 4, 1864.

SIR: I came upon Mosby's guerrillas, 200 strong, at this place, and after a sharp fight of thirty minutes we succeeded in routing him, driving them three miles, over fences and thought corn-fields. They fought with a will, but the seven-shooters proved too much fort hem. My loss is 1 killed and 4 wounded, 1 severely; his is, 1 commissioned officer and 6 private killed, and 1 commissioned officer and 4 private wounded. I have 6 prisoners; the circumstances are such that I am compelled to send them in. I have my wounded and entire command over the river. I will move to Charlestown to night.

I am, sir, very respectfully, you obedient servant,

R. BLAZER,

Captain, Commanding Scouts.

Captain BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS INDEPENDENT SCOUTS, Middletown, Va., October 24, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor of submitting the following report of the operations of my command since the 18th of august:

On the 18th, learning that a party of Mosby's guerrillas were in the vicinity of Myerstown, I proceeded to that place and overtook them near the Shenandoah River, and after a chase of three miles I drove

