
them across the river, capturing one prisoner. the army having fallen back to Halltown, on the 25th, according to your orders, I went into Loudoun County, and after operating for several days I killed five of Mosby's gang and captured three prisoners. The army having again advanced to Berryville, on the night of the 3rd of september I learned that Mosby with a considerable force was at Snickersville. Early on the morning of the 4th I crossed the river at Backus' Ford and moved up the river to where I could get up the mountain through the woods. I struck the pike east of the top of the mountain and moved on their camp. Finding that he had left during the night in the direction of Charlestown, I determined to follow. I recrossed the mountain through Lewis' Gap, and by a forced march I overtook them about 2 pl m. at Myers' Ford, and after a spirited fight of several minutes I completely routed them, with a loss on his part of 13 killed, 6 wounded, 5 prisoners, and 17 horses; my loss was 1 killed and 6 wounded. Since that I have had several small affairs with them, in which I have always defeated them, except twice. On the 20th Lieutenant Ewing whit five men we\as attacked on the Berryville pike near the Opequon by a superior force and was all captured except himself. On the 23rd Sergeant Fuller, of the Fifth Virginia Infantry, with ten men was attacked near Summit Point by fifty or sixty guerrillas; he fought them until he was overpowered and four of his men were killed, one wounded, and the rest all captured but three, who made their escape.

Having learned that a man by the name of Marshall was recruiting a company in the vicinity of Ashby's Gap, and that they were to organize on the 25th, I proceeded o their reported rendezvous near White Post, and completely surprised them, getting Marshlland four of his men, and capturing all his papers. In another affair below Front Royal I left eight of his murderers to keep company with some that [were] left by General Custer; these, with a number of others that I have picked up through the country, make an aggregate in killed, 44; wounded, 12; and prisoners, including 2 captured in the advance to Cedar Creek the first time, 12.

My entire loss is 5 men killed, 7 wounded, and 8 prisoners.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. BLAZER,

Captain, Commanding Independent Scouts.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, ARMY OF WEST VIRGINIA.

No. 2. Reports of Colonel Henry S. Gansevoort, Thirteenth New York Cavalry, of operating September 8-15, september 24, and October 14.

HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH NEW YORK CAVALRY, Near Falls Church, Va., September 15, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that according to orders from headquarters cavalry brigade a portion of the regiment, numbering 210 dismounted and 63 wounded men, including the brigade scouts, moved, under my command, on scout on the night of the 8th of September, 1864. The column crossed Fox's Ford, on Difficult Run, on the morning of the 9th of September after a march of thirteen miles, in which vicinity it encamped. At night-fall of the 9th of September it moved twelve

