
and some time was vainly spent in skirmishing the mountain with my dismounted cavalry and Company E, Fifth Artillery. the localities of the pieces was even a secret not imparted to many of Mosby's men. By intimidation, however, when almost relinquishing the task, a driver of the artillery was forced to discover the trail of the pieces. By deploying skirmishers and moving up the precipitous side fa the mountain, covered with heavy undergrowth, for about a mile and a half, and following its summit for some distance, the three-inch ordnance gun, 12-pounder howitzer, and two small mountain howitzers, whit limber of caisson, sets of harness, and ammunition, were discovered in a dense thicket. These were drawn down the stony sides of the mountain to the command below, and thence to Piedmont, reaching camp at 6 a. m. to-day. I desire to mention Lieutenant Revell, Thirteenth New York Cavalry, and Captain anderson, Company E, Fifth Artillery, who rendered valuable assistance. As desired, I have dismounted the pieces with the exception of the small mountain howitzer, weighing only 250 pounds, which I have repaired, replenished whit ammunition, and would respectfully ask permission to retain whit my regiment till it returns to camp. I have it drawn by two horses, an manned by old artillerists. The other three pieces are sent by train as you directed. Prisoners, seven of whom I send, report that a force is expected here from the rebel column int he Valley.

I am, very respectfully, you obedient servant,

H. S. GANSEVOORT,

Colonel Thirteenth New York Cavalry.

Major-General AUGUR,

Rectortown, Va.

No. 3. Record of Board of Inquiry to investigate attack on union supply train August 13.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF HARPER'S FERRY, Harper's Ferry, Va., September 8, 1864.

Proceedings of a Board of Inquirity convened at headquarters Military district of Harper's Ferry, at 9 a. m. september 8, 1864, by order of General Stevenson, commanding Military District of Harper's Ferry and president of the Board, pursuant to Special Orders, No. 10, headquarters Middle Military Division, August 20, 1864, to wit:

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 10. August 20, 1864.

9. A Board of Inquiry, to consist of the following-named officers, is hereby convened to investigate into the late attack upon eh Cavalry Reserve Brigade train and the burning of most of the same by the enemy, with a view of ascertaining who is accountable for the destruction of the train:

Brigadier-General Stevenson, commanding Military District of Harper's Ferry; Colonel Schoonmaker, Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry; Colonel William P. Maulsby, First Maryland Potomac Home Brigade; Major Congdon, Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

E. B. PARSONS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

