
and effect. It will open again to the Government and to the public the very important line of road from Baltimore to the Ohio, and also the Chesapeake Canal. Better still, it wipes out much of the stain upon our arms by previous disasters in that locality. May your good work continue is now the prayer of all loyal men.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, October 12, 1864. (Sent 9 p. m.)

Major-General SHERIDAN:

This Department again tenders its thanks to you, and through you to Major-General Torbert, Generals Merritt and Custer, and the officers and soldiers under their command, for the brilliant victory won last Sunday by their gallantry over the rebel cavalry in the Shenandoah Valley. Under gallant leaders your cavalry has become the efficient arm in this war that it has proved in other countries, and is winning by its exploits the admiration of the Government and the country.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, October 22, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

With great pleasure I tender to you and your brave army the thanks of the nation and my own personal admiration and gratitude for the month's operations in the Shenandoah Valley, and especially for the splendid work of October 19, 1864.

Your obedient servant,

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 282. Washington, November 14, 1864.

Ordered by the President.

* * * * * *

II. That for the personal gallantry, military skill, and just confidence in the courage and patriotism of his troops, displayed by Philip H. Sheridan, on the 19th day of October, at Cedar Run, whereby, under the blessing of Providence, his routed army was reorganized, a great national disaster averted, and a brilliant victory achieved over the rebels for the third time in pitched battle within thirty days, Philip H. Sheridan is appointed Major-General in the U. S. Army, to rank as such from the 8th day of November, 1864.

By order of the President of the United States:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

