
And a subsequent order, of which the following is a copy, to wit:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 19.August 29, 1864.

8. the following-named officers are relieved from duty on the Board convened to inquire into the loss of wagons, &amp;c., near Berryville, Va., about the 12th instant: Colonel Schoonmaker, Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry; Macro Congdon, Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry; and the following-named officers are appointed in their stead: Colonel Samuel Gragam, Fifth New York Artillery; Lieutenant-Colonel Cook, First Potomac Home Brigade, Maryland Volunteers.

By command of Major-General sheridan:

C. KINGSBURY, R.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

The majority of the Board, Brigadier-General Stevenson, Colonel Graham, and Lieutenant-Colonel Cook, being present, were duly sworn, as follows, by First Lieutenant S. f. Adams, Fifth New York Volunteer artillery, acting assistant adjutant-general-"You shall well and truly examine and inquire, according to your evidence, into the matter now before you, without partiality, favor, affection, prejudice, or hope of reward; so help you God"-and proceeded tot he examination of the following papers relative to the case on hand:

No. 1. HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, Winchester, August 13, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel FORSYTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff, Middle military Division:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report my arrival here with the advance of my train at this 6 a. m. I did not bring a battery whit me, as my staff officer sent into Harper's Ferry could not find or learn of one belonging to Major-General Emory's command. I beg to call your attention to the fact that the term of service of the two Ohio regiments of my brigade will expire on the 15th and 18th of this month. I am just informed that the rear of my train, consisting of the train of the Cavalry Corps, was attacked near Berryville and several wagons destroyed; none carried off. My rear guard was under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Miller, of the one hundred and forty-fourth Ohio, and, I am told, behaved well. All the wagons of the Sixth Corps, Nineteenth Corps, the Army of West Virginia, and my brigade train have arrived, as also the cattle herd. I have ordered Captain Mann, assistant quartermaster of the Nineteenth Corps, who was in charge of the train, to make a full report, as I am satisfied the loss was the result of neglect of duty and disobedience of orders on the part of those in charge of the cavalry train. The rear guard is not yet in; it is reported to be bringing in the largest porion of the cavalry train. I have made every exertion to get the train here safely, and owing to my having received orders to march at a late hour yesterday morning, I have been up all night marching. this, I hide, will excuse the brevity of this. I beg that, if I am to remain here, I may be supplied whit a battery of artillery, to be sent me at once.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. KENLY,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

P. S.-The loss of the rear guard was some four certainly killed; wounded, six.

No. 2. HEADQUARTERS, Winchester, August 14, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel FORSYTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General and chief of Staff, Middle Military Division:

COLONEL: In addition to my report of yesterday, in relation to the attack upon the train of the Cavalry Corps, I have the honor to report that ten wagons of the train, loaded, were brought into this town on yesterday by the quartermaster of the Sixth New york Cavalry, and that I unhitched the mules of my train and sent them back with a guard, by which mens I brought in nineteen wagons loaded with sup-

