
plies and forage for the Cavalry Corps. There are some wagons yet remaining at or about Berryville, which I am endeavoring to have brought in. I have turned over to Major W. E. Beardsley, of the Sixth new york Cavalry (whom I found had come up with the train), all the wagons thus far brought in, and ordered him to take all necessary steps to recover and expedite the forwarding of all the wagons, mules, and properties belonging to the Cavalry Corps. I have also the honor to forward you report of Captain Mann, assistant quartermaster of volunteers, who was in charge of the train which was attacked.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. KENLY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Major Sawyer, paymaster of volunteers, who, it appears, came up with Cavalry Corps train from Harper's Ferry, is here, and all is safe with him.

No. 3. HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., August 15, 1864.

Captain W. H. H. EMMONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Reserve Brigade, Cavalry Corps:

SIR: I have the honor to report that on Friday, the 12th instant, I started from this place with five days' rations for 2,250 men and extra stores for sales to officers, in wagons. The wagon train of this brigade was computed of a few wagons carrying forage, ten wagons carrying subsistence stores, and the various regimental and headquarters wagons, and was in the rear of the entire train, which was commanded by Captain Mann, assistant quartermaster. From one mile this side of Charlestown the train was accompanied by a guard of infantry, said to be a brigade. About 2 a. m. of the 13th instant the rear of the train, i. e., the wagons belonging to the brigade, after much trouble, caused by the inexperience of the drivers and the newness of the mules to harness, went into park whit the rest of the train (infantry and cavalry) at the stream this side of Berryville. It was daybreak in the morning before the first part of the train had hauled out of the park, and the wagons of the Second Brigade, which immediately preceded those of this brigade, were beginning to cross the stream when a few shots were fired by light howitzers from, I should think, a quarter of a mile distant into the part of the train which was yet in park, which were almost instantly accompanied by a small number of mounted men, charging as foragers, dressed in gray uniforms, and carrying only revolvers, which they used whit more noise than precision. The charge and also the howitzer shots came from the side of the road toward Snicker's Gap. The guards who accompanied us, as far as I coals de, threw down their arms and ran away without firing a shot. The party that made the attack took away all the mules and fired the wagons which they could not get off, and escaped without any molestation. All the wagons of this brigade were captured or destroyed, as far as I could learn, whit the exception of one wagon, carrying officers' baggage of the First U. S. Cavalry. My opinion is that a company of fifty men might have saved the train without loss if they had made a stand in time. The property lost, for which I am responsible, was five day's rations for the brigade, stores destroyed for offices' supplies, all the quartermasters' and commissary property pertaining to the subsistence department of the brigade, and all my papers and vouchers of last month, and this including books, ration returns, invoices, and receipts, receipts for payments of commutation of rations, &amp;c. A wound received at the time the train was attacked prevented my making an earlier report.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

E. P. McKINNEY,

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence, reserve Brigade.

No. 4. HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH ARMY CORPS, August 14, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel FORSYTH:

SIR: In accordance with orders received from you last night, I have the honor to return to you the following report:

On the morning of the 12th, in pursuance to orders received from headquarters First Division, Sixth Corps, I marched my brigade to Winchester, arriving here at 12 m. I found a Confederate hospital established there under charge of Doctor Love and two assistant surgeons, C. S. Army. There were about sixty rebel, wounded and thirty Federal, all reported serious cases. A post hospital of Merritt's brigade was also established. There were about forty wounded Federals in it. A number

