
Corps, and in charge of the Sixth Corps train. I told him who I was, and that I was in charge of the escort of the train, and that I was exceedingly anxious to get the train started as soon as possible. All this time I supposed that the train in the road had been moved from Bolivar Heights by my side, whom I sent for that purpose. A few wagons were slowly moving from Bolivar toward Halltown, when the head of the train, the leading wagons, commenced moving from Halltown. I rode up the road toward Charlestown to see the train pass. After nine wagons passed me so long an interval elapsed that I sent a staff officer to halt those wagons and learn by whose orders they had moved. He returned and reported that they were the wagons of a brigade of the Sixth Corps, and had been moved by the order of a wagon-master. I rode back to Halltown to see Captain Russell, quartermaster Sixth Corps. Before I met him an order in pencil writing was shown me, by whom issued I could not make out, directing that all the ammunition wagons should remain behind and be driven into Bolivar Heights. The mounted orderly who had the order referred to stated to me verbally that the orders were that all the ammunition should be left behind. I immediately sent an order to my ordnance officer, who was in charge of my ammunition train, to withdraw his train and remain behind. I now met Captain Russell, who informed me that the nine wagons referred to had moved without his orders. There was still a large gap between the rearmost wagon of those lying at Halltown and Bolivar Heights, a gap of at least a mile, although some disconnected wagons were passing from Bolivar Height. At this time, about 1 p. m., my aide came from harper's Ferry and reported to me that the trains all had their orders, other than those issued by me, and that there was so much confusion amount them, and learning that Captain McGonnigle, General Sheridan's chief quartermaster, was in Harper's Ferry, he rode i to see, and to communicate my orders; that, after much inquiry, he found that he was at Captain Gardner's, post quartermaster at Harper's Ferry. He went their and was told by Captain Gardner that Captain McGonnigle was asleep; that he, McGonnigle, had ridden all the preceding night; that he, Captain Gardner, would not disturb him; that the necessary orders had been issued for starting the train. I asked my aide if he had brought the battery with him. He replied that he could not find it; that he had inquired of everybody and no one could tell him about it.

Upon learning that the trains had received their orders from some on e other than myself, I presumed, and was so told, that the battery had received its orders. By 1.30 o'clock, as the wagons were coming rapidly over Bolivar Heights, I ordered the head of the train at Halltown to move forward, and the troops were commenced being distributed as the train moved on. I rode up the road to a point about midway between Halltown and Charlestown to see the train pass, and that the escort was in its proper positions. I remained at this point until between 3.30 and 4 o'clock, and seeing that the train was passing in a disconnected manner, with gaps between the wagons, shortly after taking my position at this pint, I sent a staff officer, Lieutenant Alexander, to halt the train this side of Charlestown, to park it as it came up, and not suffer a wagon to leave until I sent him orders; and that otherwise the head of the train would be at Berryville before the rear left Halltown. Whilst at this point, I should think about 3 o'clock, Captain Russell, assistant quartermaster Sixth Corps, rode up to me and commenced deprecating the slow manner in which the train was coming up, and we both agreed that there must be some trouble behind at Bolivar Heights or Harper's Ferry. I was as yet ignorant that there was a quartermaster in charge of the train, and learning from him, on inquiring, that he was the senior quartermaster with the train, I ordered him to take charge of the train. I gave him the order of march of the train, which I found he was acquainted whit, and told him that I had ordered my own brigade train to move in rear of the Cavalry Corps train; that no place had been assigned it, and I ordered it to march in the rear; and I think I told him that I ordered my ammunition train to remain behind, that such I understood to be the orders, that there were to be no ammunition wagons in the train. I inquired of Captain Russell if he knew how many wagons were in the train, as I wished to see if the escort were properly distributed. I think that his answer was that he judged that there were about 400 or 500, but that the number had not been reported to him. This conversation lasted but a few minutes, when Captain Russell sprang on his horse, and sent the persons who were with him to hurry up the trains, and started himself for the same purpose. About twenty minutes after Captain Russell left me, while still on the roadside watching and hurrying up the train as it passed, Captain Mann, assistant quartermaster Nineteenth Corps, rode up to where I was standing on the roadside and deported to me that he was in charge of the train. I told him that I had appointed Captain Russell, of the Sixth Corps, to take charge of and have entire control of the train; that he was the senior quartermaster whit the train, as I had been informed. Captain Mann replied by taking from his pocket a written order, which I read, from Captain Mann replied by taking from his pocket a written order, which I read, from Captain McGonnigle, chief quartermaster Middle Military Division, ordering Captain Mann to take charge of the train. In Captain

