
Mann's orders, the order of march of the train was the same as I had issued, except that there was no mention made of my own brigade train. I called attention to this, and directed him to place my train in rear of Cavalry Corps train. I then sent a staff officer to find Captain Russell and to say to him that his appointment was revoked; that Captain Mann, quartermaster Nineteenth Corps, had ben ordered by Captain McGonnigle to take charge of the train, and to make my apologies for having given him any unnecessary trouble.

In inquired of Captain Mann why it was that the wagons came along so slowly, and if the knew how many wagons would be in the train. He replied that he judged there would be about 600 wagons, and that there was a great deal of trouble getting the Cavalry Corps train started from Harper's Ferry. I explained to him (Captain Mann) the pressing nature of General Sheridan's order; that I believed the army would be out of supplies that night; that I was determined to get the train into Winchester by daylight next morning, so as to be ready to issue supplies next day, and that he must spare no exertion to get the train forward as promptly as possible. I also explained to him the disposition I had made of the escort. I then directed him to go to the rear, close up the train, see that rear guard was in its proper place in rear of rearmost wagon of the train, and that when he was ready to move to send me word; that I was gong up to the head of the train near Charlestown. We both mounted; he rode down the road toward Halltown and I up toward Charlestown to the head of the train.

Whilst there, and at 4.15 p. m., I received a note from Captain Mann by an orderly, which was to the purport: "All is in order" (or the train is in order); "you can move on." I wrote on the note in pencil., "All right, I shall move," or "I am moving," and sent the note thus indorsed back to Captain Mann by the same orderly. the train had not started when I received the note, but I gave orders immediately for it to move, and it started within five minutes after I gave the order. While standing on the roadside between Halltown and Charlestown I judge that some 400 wagons had passed before I proceeded toward Charlestown I judge that some 400 wagons had passed before I proceeded toward Charlestown to the head of the train, and I thought, from seeing the troops which passed me,t hat they were in position, according to my orders, as far as they had come up.

The train moved through Charlestown at 4.20 and took the road toward Berryville as I was ordered. I ordered two halts before I got to Berryville to refresh the men and enable the train to close up. At the halt before I got to Gerryville, the last one, about sundown,several officers came to me and applied for permission to make cafe, which I defused. At this halt Captain Russell came to en and stated that it was desirable the animals should be watered; that many of them had been harnessed all day and had no water. I replied that it was my purpose to halt the train at the first water where it would be convenient to park the train and water the animals. I continued on whit the train until we reached the stream at this side of and near to Berryville. I her ordered a halt, moving the advance guard of two companies across the stream, and also a squad of some twenty men of the Sixth Corps whom I had organized at Halltown, and who had been directed and did march about 200 yards in advance of the escort. I then rode back to see Captain Russell, who was in advance of the escort. I then rode back to see Captain Russell, who was in advance of his train, to consult him about the proper method of parking the wagons so as the animals could be watered. He went to work at once to park the train on the road, and on both sides of it. I then ordered a picket-line to be established and went in person to attend to the execution of it. I found the squad of the Sixth Corps men lying in the road, and but one man in the squad obeyed my orders to get up. I then went to the commanding officer of the two companies that was in the road in advance of the train and ordered him to picket the road to Berryville, and to extend his pickets to the left of hill, which I pointed out to him. I also ordered two of my mounted orderlies to act as vedettes in advance of the picket-line. After seeing the picket-line established, I returned to the head of the train, where I found Captain McGonnigle. I inquired if he knew of any of our cavalry being at Berryville. He applied that there were none there, according to the best of his knowledge. At this moment some mounted men passed and i inquired who they were. They replied that they belonged to the Signal Corps. I requested Captain McGonnigle to see the officer in charge and request him to send his men out as vedettes, indicating the direction in which I wished they should be posted, which he promptly proceeded to do. It was now, I judge, about 10 p. m. Captain Fallon, of the Third Maryland Regiment, who was in charge of he two advance coming in nicely; that the animals were being watered, and I thought in about an hour. He answered that his men were so tired they would not even make coffee; that he thought that they ought to have about two hours' rest. I told him of the necessity of the case, and that he must he ready with his command to march when I gave the orders. At about 11 p. m. Captain McGonnigle came to me and stated that he thought the head of the train had better move on. I represented to him the condition of the men, who had been of their feet nearly all day, and that they

40 R R-VOL XLIII, PT I

