
were very much fatigued; that I would give them fifteen minutes more sleep and then order the advance. This I did, going in person to see the order obeyed. I found the men of the advance guard still lying in the road after the advance was ordered. Captain Fallon got his men up, called in his pickets, and at 11.30 started the train. The squad of the Sixth Corps, which had acted as an advance guard, did not and would not move, and I marched past them with the two leading companies of the escort. Before starting, Captain McGonnigle came to me and inquired if he should go to the head of the train or remain at the rear. I replied that Captain Mann had my orders to remains whit the rear of the train, and that I would rather he would remain whit the advance,a nd that I had left a staff officer, Lieutenant Huidekoper, whit orders to remain and see that the wagons had all started, that the escort was in its proper places, and then ride forward and report to me; that I would be at the head of the train. The first balk on the march was occasioned by a large tree across the road, about two miles beyond Berryville (on leaving Berryville I took the direct road to Winchester). this was avoided (the tree) by turning into the woods on the left. The wagons moved very slowly through the woods, as it was very dark and the road not clearly defined. I remained there a short time and saw the wagons passing. There was no obstacle to the wagons passing through the woods to the left of the tree, and I went to the front. The next halt was occasioned by a very dangerous bridge, over which I hesitated to let the train pass. Whilst halting, I sent to discover if a road could not be found above or below the bridge. One was found on the right of the bridge. One was found on the right of the bridge, not far from it, which seemed as if it had been used. The wagons commenced passing over at this crossing, and after about a dozen had passed without any trouble, I again went forward to the head of the train. I supposed some fifty or sixty wagons had crossed when word was brought to me that a wagon had got choked and was broken down in the crossing. I ordered a halt, and as I was giving directions what to do, Captain Mann rode up from the rear. He said if I would send aback, or give him my pioneer corps, which was composed of some eighteen or twenty men, an which I should have mentioned had marched in front of the advance companies form Halltown, he would or could repair the bridge. I directed Captain Mann to take charge of the pioneer corps, and send me word when the bridge was done and the train moving. This he did in about three-quarters of an hour after he left with the pioneers, and that the wagons were passing over the bridge nicely. I moved on until I came across a heavy Stuler's wagon, which blocked up the orad and was being plundered by a crowd of unarmed stragglers who had forced their way to the head of the train, despite my efforts to have them kept back. I succeeded in getting the wagon out of the road and the train moved on. I pushed on until I got within a mile and a half of the Opequon. At this point Captain Fallon came to me and said that his men could go no farther without a rest. Would I not halt? I ordered a halt and remained for advance of the train before daylight on the morning of the 13th.

Board adjourned to meet at 9 a. m. on Monday, September 12.

MONDAY, September 12, 1864.

Board met pursuant to adjournment. All present, General Stevenson presiding.

The examination of General Kenly was resumed, as follows:

General KENLY: Before I left Berryville the train was still coming in smoothly and in order. From a personal inspection, and judging from the number of wagons reported to me by Captain Mann, I felt satisfied at the time I left Berryville that the rear of the train would have left there by 2.30 or 3 o'clock in the morning, as it was my purpose to cross the Opequon before daylight with the head of the train. I personally superintended the crossing of the Opequon by the geld of the train, and remained at the stream until some forty or fifty wagons had crossed it. I reached the heights overlooking the town of Winchester with the head of the train shortly after sunrise. I could discover no sign of a camp or any evidence whatever that our troops were at or near Winchester. Not a soldier could be seen. I immediately ordered a halt and directed Captain Russell to park his train, which was in the advance. Captain McGonnigle was with me. I told him that I thought he had better ride into town to ascertain what was to be done with the train, and when he learned to notify me. I awaited the return of Captain McGonnigle for from one and a half to two hours, during the whole of which time the train was coming in smoothly and being parked on the hills overlooking Winchester and in sight of it, when I received a note from Captain McGonnigle informing me that the army had moved; that Colonel Edwards, commanding a brigade of the Sixth Corps,

