
was in town, and that he had orders for me, and that he, Captain McGonnigel, thought that the train had better be moved into town so that the animals could be fed and watered. I sent the note to Captain Russell, [informing him] that the suggestion of Captain McGonnigle was approved, and for him to remove the train into the town, which was promptly done. Before I left the spot, and before the train started, my aide, whom I had left at Berryville, returned and reported to me that the wagons on the road were coming on in order, but that there had been a great deal of trouble in getting the rear of the train started from Berryville. I inquired if Captain Mann was there. He replied that he was. I asked him if Lieutenant-Colonel Miller was there with his rear guard. He replied that he was, and had come to him for instructions; that there was a large train reported as coming up, which must have left Harper's Ferry long after the train which he was guarding, and he wished to know if he should remain to guard that, Mr. Huidekoper informed me that he told Colonel Miller that his, Colonel Miller's, orders were to guard the rear of the train, and be was to remain to guard these wagons now behind, and which were said to abe coming up. colonel Miller informed Lieutenant Huidekoper that the train coming up had no escort. Lieutenant Huidekoper further informed me that there appeared to be no one in charge of one of the cavalry trains in the rear, then lying at Berryville; that after repeated inquiries among the train, of teamsters and others, he was told that the officer who was in charge of the train had not left Harper's Ferry, but had turned it over to some one else, and that the teamsters had received orders to unhitch, feed, and water; that this was told him by several who were with this train. He inquired who gave such orders. They said they did not know. He said it was contrary to orders. I inquired of him if Captain Mann was exerting himself to get the train started. He replied that both Captain Mann was exerting himself to get the train started. He relied that both Captain Mann and colonel Miller were hard at work getting the teams hitched up and started. This report was made to me by Lieutenant Huidekoper while I was awaiting the report of Captain McGonnigle, who had gone into Winchester. After starting the train I rode into town to see Colonel Edwards. He gave me orders from General Sheridan's headquarters to turn over the train to him, and to garrison Winchester with my brigade until further orders. Whilst engaged in writing a note to Colonel Forsyth, reporting the arrival of the train, some one came in and said the rear of the train had been attacked. After a few inquiries I mounted my horse and galloped down the Beryville road, passing the train, which was moving slowly thought the town. About half way between Winchester and the Opequon I met Captain Mann, who was riding toward Winchester. I hurriedly asked him if it were true that the rear of the train had been attacked. He said that it had; that he could not get it started; that he himself had helped to hitch up the mules; that some of the wagons had been captured, but that the rebels had been driven off. I inquired of him if the rear guard was there at the time of the attack. He replied that it was. My next question was, "How did they behave?" He replied that they behaved well, and that the train was coming on. I told a staff officer with orders to Colonel Brown, commanding the One hundred and forty-ninth Ohio, to move to the support of Colonel Miller, if he needed it, with his whole regiment; that I would hold the crossing at the Opequon with the Third Maryland. In the course of an hour and a half, the train still crossing, my staff officer returned with a report from Colonel Brown that twelve wagons were burned and thirteen more or less injured, and that the mules had been run off; that the rebels had gone and he wanted instructions. Subsequently to this he sent me word that if I would send him the teams he thought he would be able to bring in nearly all the wagons. I immediately sent into town for Captain Mann, with orders to him to send all the teams that he could spare from the train to bring up the wagons from which the mules had been run off. captain Mann could not be found, and I unhitched the teams of my own train and sent them back to Colonel Brown, who with them brought up nineteen loaded wagons when he came up in the evening with his command, and what was left of the One hundred and forty-fourth Ohio. I also received information that there were some killed and wounded men lying at Berryville (in the attack on the train six of the rear guard had been killed and nine wounded), and a paymaster, with his funds, who wished to be brought to Winchester. I sent ambulances out, brought in such of the wounded as could be moved, and the paymaster and his funds.

At this stage of the proceedings General Kenly tiled the original orders issued by him to Colonel Gilpin and the other commanding officer of the escort before the train started. The two other regiments other than Colonel Gilpin's (the Third Maryland) were 100-days' men,

