
and have since been ordered to Columbus, Ohio, to be mustered out of service. The following is a copy of the original order referred to:

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS KENLY'S BRIGADE, Halltown, Va., August 12, 1864.

The brigade will march at once to escort the trains of the army to Winchester by the Berryville pike. The trains will march in the following order: First, trains of the Sixth Army Corps; second, trains of the Nineteenth Army Corps; third, train of the Army of West Virginia; fourth, trains of the Cavalry Corps; fifth, trains of Kenly's brigade. The troops will march and be distributed in the following order:

1. Two companies of the Third Maryland Potomac Home Brigade, and the remaining companies of this regiment between every twenty wagons of the train.

2. The One hundred and forty-ninth Regiment Ohio National Guard will be distributed by company between every thirty wagons next following those guarded by the Third Maryland Regiment.

3. The One hundred and forty-fourth Regiment Ohio National Guard will be distributed in the following manner: two companies to follow the rearmost wagon as a rear guard, and the remaining between every twenty wagons, counting from the rearmost.

Should the battery belonging to General Emory's command report for duty it will march as follows: one section in rear of the two leading companies; one section in the center of the train, in rear of a company of infantry, and one section in the rear of the train, in front of the two rear companies of the One hundred and forty-fourth Ohio National Guard. Commanding officers of regiments and the officer commanding the battery will personally attend to the posting and distribution of their commands in accordance with these orders, and will give their personal supervision to the safe escort of the train to Winchester. For this purpose they will have entire control of the march of the train under their escort, subject to the orders of the brigadier-general commanding, who will be habitually at the head of the train.

It is of importance that the train should reach Winchester as speedily as possible. Commanding officers will be held responsible that no unnecessary delays occur. Should the train be attacked or any serious obstacle intervene to its march regimental commanders will transmit the intelligence promptly to the brigadier-general commanding, and give to each other such support and assistance as may be needed.

By command of Brigadier-General Kenly:

WILL. W. PEABODY,

Captain and Acting [Assistant] Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. THIRD MARYLAND VOLUNTEERS, POTOMAC HOME BRIGADE, Maryland Heights, September 9, 1864.

I hereby certify hat the within is the original order issued by Brigadier-General Kenly, commanding Separate Brigade, to be executed in guarding the trans from Halltown to Winchester.

CHAS. GILPIN,Colonel, Commanding Third Maryland Volunteers.

Board adjourned to meet at 2 o'clock the following day, Tuesday, 13th.

TUESDAY, September 13, 1864.

Board met pursuant to adjournment, but owing to illness of Lieutenant-Colonel Cook transacted no business, and adjourned to meet at 9 a. m. on Wednesday, the 14th.

WEDNESDAY, September 14, 1864.

Board met at 9 a. m. pursuant to adjournment, General Stevenson presiding, and Colonel Graham and Lieutenant-Colonel Cook both being present.

Captain Mann, quartermaster First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, was duly sworn,a nd testified as follows:

On receiving orders from chief quartermaster I ordered the several trains to hitch up in readiness to move. There were in the neighborhood of 525 wagons in the train to go forward. The advance left Harper's Ferry about 10.30 a. m. August

