
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE No. 20. Washington, February 11, 1865.

The following joint resolution of the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America is published for the information of all concerned:

[PUBLIC RESOLUTION-No. 13.] JOINT RESOLUTION tendering the thanks of Congress to Major-General Philip H. Sheridan, and the officers and men under his command.

Be it revolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the thanks of Congress are hereby tendered to Major-General Philip H. Sheridan, and to the officers and men under his command, for the gallantry, military skill, and courage displayed in the brilliant series of victories achieved by them in the Valley of the Shenandoah, and especially for their services at Cedar Run on the nineteenth day of October, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, which retrieved the fortunes of the day and thus averted a great disaster.

SEC. 2. And be it further resolved, That the President of the United States be, and hereby is, requested to communicate this resolution to Major-General Sheridan, and through him to the officers and soldiers under his command.

Approved February 9, 1865.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 2. Itinerary of the U. S. Forces commanded by Major General Philip H. Sheridan.*

SIXTH ARMY CORPS.+

August 1 and 2.-In camp at Frederick, Md.

August 3.-Moved by way of Slabtown and Buckeystown across the Monocacy and encamped on the bank, where the corps remained until the night of the 5th, when it moved to Monocacy Junction.

August 6.-Embarked on the cars in the morning and arrived at Halltown, Va., in the afternoon.

August 7 to 9-Encamped at Halltown, Va.

August 10.-Moved to near Berryville.

August 11.-Moved to Milford pike, near the Opequon Creek.

August 12.-Moved to Cedar Creek, three miles from Strasburg.

August 13.-Advanced to hill overlooking Strasburg, and same night returned to Cedar Creek.

August 14 to 16.-Remained at Cedar Creek.

August 17.-Moved to Opequon Creek, on Berryville pike, leaving one Brigade (First Brigade, First Division) at Winchester. This brigade was engaged, and lost about 300 officers and men.

August 18.-Moved to near Charlestown, encamping on Smithfield pike.

August 19 and 20.-At Charlestown.

---------------

*From returns of the commands indicated for August, September, October, November, and December, 1864.

+Commanded by Major General Horatio G. Wright.

---------------

