
Question. Did the infantry rear guard return the fire of the enemy?

Answer. I did not see them fire, but heard return firing along the line.

Question. What was the strength of the rear guard?

Answer. I do not know, but there were about seventy-five men rallied by the lieutenant commanding.

Question. Were the men of the rear guard at the time of the attack held together as a body?

Answer. At the time of the attack they lay around promiscuously, asleep ton the ground.

Question. Were there any pickets established for the protection of the train from surprise while parked?

Answer. There were none to my knowledge.

ORDERS TO CAPTAIN MANN.

Captain MANN,

Assistant Quartermaster:

DEAR SIR: The respective trains of the Sixth and Nineteenth Corps, trains of general Crook's command and cavalry, will start at once for winchester, via Charlestown and Berryville, with proper loads, as directed by chief quartermasters of corps or commands. The trains will start in the following order on road: (1) Sixth Army corps train; (2) Nineteenth Army Corps train; (3) Army and Department of West Virginia train; (4) Cavalry Division train; and must all arrive at Winchester this evening; trains to be escorted by Brigadier-General Kenly's command. Make your arrangements for starting trains, and call on me at office of Captain Gardner.

A. J. McGONNIGLE,

Captain and Acting Chief Quartermaster.

After which the Board adjourned to 10 o'clock the following day.

Copy of report of the amount of transportation awaiting orders from the front, under charge of Captain J. C. Mann, assistant quartermaster.

Name of	 Number of	 Quartermaster.	 Remarks.

detachment. 	 wagons.

General

Crook's

command:

First Brigade	 45	 Lieutenant H.

 	 H. Hornbook

Second	 40	 Lieutenant

Division	 	 Merrill

Cavalry

Division:

Third Brigade	 33	 Lieutenant

 	 Pinkham

Reserve	 50 	 Lieutenant	 Hay

Brigade	 	 Dean

First Brigade	 41	 Lieutenant

 	 Ballard

Second Brigade	 25	 Lieutenant C. A.

 	 Eyarts

Sixth Corps	 243	 Captain W. E.

 	 Mordord

Nineteenth

Corps:

Headquarters 	 12	 ........	 Ammunition.

First Division	 75

Second	 25

Division

Kenly's	 15

brigade

THURSDAY, September 15, 1864.

Board met; full attendance, General Stevenson presiding. On account of absence of witness adjourned to following day.

FRIDAY, September 16, 1864.

Board met and adjourned to Wednesday, 21st, as Lieutenant-Colonel Cook was ordered to Hagerstown for some days on public business.

