
By the BOARD:

Question. Were the forage and subsistence trains both under your charge?

Answer. They were.

Question. For what reasons were the trains separated, the subsistence train being sent forward and the forage train remaining behind, and why did you remain behind whit the forage train?

Answer. Because the forage train was not loaded. I considered it was necessary to send the rations forward to the command, and as it is my special duty to obtain forage I remained behind to hasten the loading and bring it forward as soon as possible. I had tried to get it loaded for two days previous, but the demand for forage was os great, owing to the unusual number of cavalry coming in, I did not succeed.

Lieutenant DEAN: I will here state I received, while the trains were being prepared, a note from General Kenly, addressed to quartermasters in charge of trains, stating that he was at Charlestown with his command waiting to take charge of trains going to the front, and wishing to be informed when the last train would arrive at Charlestown. I informed Captain McKinney, in charge of the rear train,of the contents of this note, and also Lieutenant Evarts, in charge of the Second Brigade train, who was to take general supervision of the three brigade trains, cavalry, and requested Captain McKinney to send word to General Kenly when his train would be up.

Board adjourned to meet at 10 o'clock the following day, Friday, 7th.

FRIDAY, October 7, 1864.

Board met; all present; issued an order or subpoena to Captain McKinney, commissary of subsistence, Cavalry Reserve Brigade, to appear before them at their next sitting, on Monday, October 10 instant, or as soon thereafter as practicable, and afterward adjourned to 10 o'clock on Monday, October 10.

MONDAY, October 10, 1864.

Board met and for want of witness again adjourned to meet on the call of the president.

SATURDAY, November 13, 1864.

Board met on call of the president, and having heard all the testimony that was available to elucidate the subject-matter of inquiry, find the following facts: That the guard was insufficient for the number of wagons constituting the train; that the loss of wagons was occasioned by the officer in charge, Captain E. P. McKinney, commissary William Dean, acting quartermaster, assumed to take charge of the train, failing to look after his train personally, and without orders permitting the train to go into park, the drivers to unhitch and unharness their animals and lie down and go to sleep, so that when attacked the wagons could not be moved.

The Board cannot, form the testimony, fix negligence upon any individual officer of the train guard, but is of opinion that there was no sufficient picket established whilst the train halted to prevent surprise or restate sudden attack. the testimony is conflicting as to the extent of the losses. The Board affirm the statement of Brigadier-General Kenly as closely approximating the losses.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General of volunteers, President of the Board.

S. GRAHAM,

Colonel fifth Artillery New York Volunteers.

R. ELLSWORTH COOK,

Lieutenant Colonel First Maryland Regt. Potomac Home Brigade Vols.

