
On August 9, with a detachment of thirty-seven men, I defeated a body of 100 cavalry at Fairfax Station, killing the captain commanding and 6 men, and capturing 21 prisoners and 34 horses. Two detachments sent out at the same time in Fairfax brought in 6 more prisoners and horses; another detachment of five sent to Duffield's Depot brought in 10 prisoners whit their horses, &amp;c.

On the morning of August 13 I attacked, near Berryville, the enemy's supply train, which was guarded by some 700 or 800 infantry and cavalry, under command of Brigadier-General Kenly. Completely routed the guard, with a loss of over 200 prisoners, including 3 lieutenants, besides several killed and wounded. Captured and destroyed 75 loaded wagons, and secured over 200 head of beef-cattle, between 500 and 600 horses and mules, and many valuable stores. My loss 2 killed and 3 wounded. My force numbered something over 300 men, with two mountain howitzers. One howitzer became disabled before being brought into action by breaking of the carriage.

Too much praise cannot be awarded to Captain Richards and william Chapman, commanding their respective squadrons, for the bravery with which they scattered largely superior forces of the enemy. The gallant Captain Sam. Chapman, commanding Company E, although burning for the stiff, was prudently held in reserve.

A few days after this Lieutenant Glascock, with fourteen men, captured 29 prisoners, including several officers, with their horses, arms, &c., near Kernstown. At the same time Captain Richards, with a small squad, killed a captain and captured 7 or 8 men and horses near Charlestown.

About August 20 I crossed whit my command at Snicker's Gap, the enemy being near Berryville, sending the larger porion, under Captain William Chapman, to operate around Berryville and restrain the enemy from devastating the country. With a small detachment i went to their rear, near Charlestown, and captured 12 prisoners and 10 horses. Captain chapman, coming upon a portion of the enemy's cavalry which was engaged in burning houses, attacked and routed them. Such was the indignation of our men at witnessing some of the finest residences in that portion of the State enveloped in flames that no quarter was shown, and about 25 of them were shot to death for their villainy. about 30 horses were brought off, but no prisoners.

On Friday, September 3, with a squad of six men, I attack the enemy's outposts in Fairfax, mortally wounding 1 and capturing 6 men and 11 horses.

On Sunday, September 5, I sent Captain sam Chapman, in command of Companies C and E, to harass the enemy around berryville, while I made a detour to gain their rear near Charlestown. Arriving at the river, I left the two companies that were with me (A and B), under Lieutenant Nelson, on the east bank of the river, while, with six more, I went on a reconnaissance across previous to carrying my whole force over. Some time after a force of the enemy's cavalry crossed the mountain in their rear, surprised and stampeded them, killing 1, wounding 3 and capturing 3. One of the enemy's cavalry was killed and 5 wounded. With the six men with me I succeeded in capturing and bringing out safety about 25 prisoners, 2 ambulances, and 18 horses. Captain Chapman routed a largely superior force near Berryville, killing and wounding some 15 or 20, besides securing over 30 prisoners, including a captain and lieutenant, with their horses, arms, &c.

