
On September 8, with about thirty men, having gained a position in the enemy's rear near Charlestown, I divided the command for greater safety. One portion, under Captain Richards, captured a captain and 12 men, whit their horses, &amp;c.; whit mine I captured a lieutenant and 5 men,with their horses, &c.

I have made no attempt, for it would be impassible, to embrace in this report a full recital of the innumerable affairs with the enemy in which the heroism of both men and officers of this command has been illustrated; yet the fame of their deeds will still live in the grateful remembrance of those who homes and whose firesides their valor had defended.

I have honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. MOSBY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant-Colonel TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, September 19, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant and Inspector General, for the information of the Department.

Attention is invited to the activity and skill of Colonel Mosby, and the intelligence and courage of the officers and men of his command as displayed in this report. With the loss of little more than 20 men, he has killed, wounded, an captured during the period embraced in the report about 1,200 beef-cattle, and 85 wagons and ambulances, without counting many smaller operations. The services rendered by Colonel Mosby and his command in watching and reporting the enemy's movements have also been of great value. His operations have been highly creditable to himself and his command.

R. E. LEE,General.

NEAR UPPERVILLE, VA., October 23, 1864.

GENERAL: I desire to make an explanation in reference to the capture of my artillery, which you have probably seen in Secretary Stanton's obitual bulletin. After the enemy had accumulated such a force on the Manassas road that I could no longer oppose their progress in front, I withdrew my command inside their lines north of the road, in order to be a position to assail both Sheridan's communications in the Valley and also to strike the road whenever opportunity offered. My artillery was sent out to a place of concealment in Fauquier. Unfortunately one of my men deserted and guided the enemy to where it was. They captured no men or horses with it. since their advance up the railroad we have killed and captured over 300 of hem. My loss so far has been only four wounded and one captured.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. MOSBY,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

General R. E. LEE.

