
AUGUST 22, 1864.-Affair at Cove Point, md.

Report of Lieutenant George D. Odell, fifth massachusetts Colored Cavalry.

AUGUST 23, 1864.

Major C. H. RAYMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Washington:

MAJOR: I have the honor to send a copy of a telegram received by me to-day. The party was sent by me to investigate the facts in relation to a complaint, refereed to me from headquarters, of T. H. Quinan:

LEONARDTOWN, MD., August 23, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report, and give a particular and detailed account of the bushwhackers, as at present lies in my power:

On receiving your dispatch on the morning of the 16the relating to Doctor Quinan and the blockade-runners, I sent a sergeant and six men, with three days' rations, to Millstone Landing, whit orders to leave their horses there, cross the Patuxent in a boat, and find Doctor Quinan, in Calvert County, and from him learn how to proceed further. It appears that he referred them to the provost-marshal, a civilian, at drum Point, who retained them in that locality until yesterday morning. Expecting a schooner in to take on board some negroes, soon after daylight they got in a boat and went up to Cove Point, eight miles, and while some were each breakfast on the beach the others were fired into a few rods from them by three men in a ravine near the road, and as the rest of he sergeant's men appeared, about a dozen more appeared from the ravine and said, "Come on, you Yankee sons of b---s," and fired another volley, which our men returned, though the sergeant feel and two men were wounded. My men then commenced falling back, and were closely followed by the bushwhackers, who now appeared in still stronger force, decorated inn gay uniforms and armed mostly with carbines. My men became separated, and two struck out for the Government farms, supposing that the nearest point to Leonardtown, and arrived here about 1 o'clock this morning on foot, their horses being at Millstone Landing. I have re-enforced the squad at Millstone Landing and sent two men over to Calvert County again to learn more of the affair. My men and horses cannot stand a long march at present, or I should have gone myself whit a squad. I have but fifteen present for mounted duty. I would respectfully recommend you to have a gun-boat and small force of infantry sent up to Drum Point for a few days. Cove Point is about thirty-five miles rom here. I will make another report when my men get back.

I remain, very respectfully,

G. D. ODELL,

Lieutenant, Commanding Mounted Patrol.

Brigadier-General BARNES,

Commanding.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES BARNES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

AUGUST 24, 1864-Skirmish at Annandale, Va.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Lieutenant Colonel Henry H. Wells, Twenty-sixth Michigan Infantry, Provost-Marshal-General of defenses South of the Potomac.

No. 2.-Captain Joseph Schneider, Sixteenth New York Cavalry.

No. 1.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry H. Wells, Twenty-sixth Michigan Infantry, Provost-Marshal-General of Defenses south of the Potomac.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., August 24, 1864.

My cavalry has just returned. Mosby, with about 250 men, attacked the stockade at Annandale at 5 o'clock. Posting his two pieces of artillery on the right and left of the road just out of carbine range, say

