
learn, were one man and three horses killed and three men wounded. We also learned that their force was over 400 men when they passed the Court-House. Mrs. Tennison, who lives east of the camp, refused the laundresses at come in her house, and told them "get away from here into your camp," harboring at the same time some of the rebel leaders with whom she was acquaint. Finally, I have to state, that both officers and men, with but very few exceptions, abe gave splendidly.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. SCHNEIDER,

Captain, 16th N. Y. Cav., Comdg. Detach. 16th N. Y. Vol. Cav.

N. B.-The re-enforcement arrived too late to be of any service to us, as it was two hours and ten minutes from the first shot to their arrival, under Major Horton, Sixteenth New York Volunteer Cavalry.

J. S.

First Lieutenant E. Y. LANSING,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Brigade.

SEPTEMBER 14, 1864.-Skirmish near Centerville, W. Va.

Report of Captain Harrison H. Hagans, First West Virginia Cavalry.

BUCKHANNON, W. VA., September 15, 1864.

With sixteen men I pursued and overtook thirty horse-thieves thirty miles above this place. I killed four, wounded several, and drove them out. Another squad of twelve has made its appearance in another direction to-day. I have sent men after them. My loss in fight yesterday, one man wounded and two horses killed. The country is infested, and unless I have more force will be overrun.

H. H. HAGANS.

Colonel WILKINSON,

Commanding, Clarksburg, W. Va.

SEPTEMBER 17-28, 1864.-Witcher's expedition into West Virginia, including skirmishes at Buckhannon (27th-28th).

REPORTS.

No. 1.-General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army.

No. 2.-Lieutenant Colonel vincent A. Wither, Thirty-fourth Battalion Virginia Cavalry.

No. 1. Report of General Robert E. Lee, c. S. Army.

HEADQUARTERS, Chaffin's Bluff, October 5, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel Witcher has returned from his expedition to Western Virginia. He visited Bulltown, Jacksonville, Westover, Buckhannon, Walkersville, and Weston. Reports that he destroyed a million dollars worth of stores, captured 300 prisoners, whit their horses and equipments, brought out 500 horses, and 200 beef-cattle, and sustained no loss.

R. E. LEE.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON.

