
August 21.-Enemy attacked us, the corps losing about 275 in killed and wounded; repulsed the attack of the enemy; moved at night to Halltown.

August 22 to 27.-Remained at Halltown.

August 28.-Moved to near Charlestown, on Smithfield pike, where the corps remained until the 31st.

September 1 to 3.-Encamped near Charlestown.

September 3.-Marched to Clifton, near Berryville.

September 3 to 19.-Remained there.

September 13.-A reconnaissance was made to the Opequon by the Second Division. It returned same day.

September 19.-Moved to the Opequon; crossed and participated in the engagement of that day.

September 20.-Moved from Winchester at daylight; marched to Strasburg and encamped.

September 21.-Took an advanced position from the enemy at Fisher's Hill.

September 22.-Participated in the battle of Fisher's Hill and marched in pursuit of the enemy, encamping at Woodstock.

September 23.-Continued pursuit and encamped one mile south of Edenburg.

September 24.-Moved to a point four miles south of New Market and encamped.

September 25.-Marched to Harrisonburg. Remained there until the 29th.

September 29.-Moved to Mount Crawford and encamped.

September 30.-Returned to Harrisonburg.

October 1 to 6.-Remained in camp at Harrisonburg.

October 6.-Marched from Harrisonburg to near Mount Jackson, encamping at Rude's Hill.

October 7.-Marched to vicinity of Woodstock and encamped.

October 8.-Moved to Strasburg; remained there until the 10th.

October 10.-Moved to vicinity of Front Royal; remained there until the 13th.

October 13.-Marched toward Ashby's Gap. On arriving near the Shenandoah River and Ashby's Gap the orders were countermanded; moved back to Millwood and encamped.

October 14.-Broke camp at 2 a. m., and marched to Cedar Creek, encamping on the north bank; remained until the 19th.

October 19.-Participated in the battle of Cedar Creek, in which the enemy were seriously defeated.

October 20 to 31.-Remained in our old camps.

November 1 to 8.-Remained in camp at Cedar Creek.

November 9.-Moved to vicinity of Kernstown and encamped.

November 9 to 30.-Remained in camp near Kernstown; slight skirmishing with the enemy on the 10th and 11th.

December 1.-First Division broke camp near Kernstown; marched to Stephenson's Station and took cars for Washington; arrived there on the 2nd and at once embarked on transports for City Point.

December 4.-Arrived at City Point; proceeded in cars to Parke's Station; from thence marched to the line of works, and relieved the Third Division, Fifth Corps. Remained in camp until the 9th instant.

December 9.-The division moved out to Hatcher's Run as a support to a reconnaissance made by General Miles, of the Second Corps.

December 10.-Returned to camp, where they still remain.

