
No. 3. Report of Captain Joshua E. Hobbs, Sixty-fourth Virginia Cavalry.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT SIXTY-FOURTH VIRGINIA CAVALRY, Scott County, Va., October 15, 1864.

I was ordered with a detachment of fifty men to report to Major J. H. Nounnan, Sixteenth Virginia Cavalry, September 23. The major took command,moving in the direction of the Kanawha Valley, Va., passing thought the mountains, and thence to the Valley.

September 30 attacked a Yankee force at the mouth of Coal River, forcing them across the river. We fought them an hour. Not being able to cross the river, as they had possession of the boats, we then retired from the field, intending to attack Winfield next morning at daylight, but finding our ammunition was nearly expended, we concluded to fall back on the James River and Kanawha turnpike near the Hurricane Bridge and encamp till next morning. as we could not hear form Colonel Witcher, Major Nounnan directed me where to encamp, and took a scout of en men and went in the direction of winfield to see if he could learn anything from Colonel Witcher; was to report next morning at daylight, at which time if the heard nothing from witcher he said he intended to make his way out.

I remained in camp till 8 or 9 o'clock next morning, and one of his scouts came in; reported the major and eight of his scouts captured. I resolved to come out by the way of Tug Fork of Sandy. Getting information that the enemy was trying to cut me off at Wyoming Court-House, I thought to come out by the way of Rorick's Gap; but learning the Yankees were in Tazewell County, Va., and probably would cut me off at Jeffersonville, Va., I then struck in the direction of Grundy. When I reached there I found the Yankees were passing back to Kentucky. I managed to cross the Lavica road. Our scouts met. I then came through the mountains to Guest's Station; found a force had passed there just a few hours [before]. My horses were too much jaded, and no artillery to pursue them. I then came to Scott County, Va., where I could feed till I could hear from our regiment. I learn it is at Wytheville, Va., or nea there.

Our loss was two wounded, one left in the hands of the enemy; major and eight men captured.

We had about seventy-five men in all. Straggling soldiers joined us as we went down; dodged out as we came back. I have about thirty or forty meant with me.

Major, my stock is broke down, and it is impossible for me to march till my horses recuperate. I would be glad if you would permit me to report to Colonel Vandeventer, commanding in Lee County, Va., as there are bushwhackers and Yankee scouts running thought the county destroying the crops, &amp;c. If not permitted to report to him, to report to the lame corral in Lee County, Va., form sixty-fourth Virginia Cavalry, till I can recruit my stock.

Major, I can gather a good many absentees belonging to our regiment in aa short time if allowed to remain here a few days. If I am ordered to the regiment now I will be compelled to leave a portion of my stock.

I am, yours, respectfully,JOSHUA E. HOBBS,

Captain, Comdg. Detachment of Sixty-fourth Regt. Virginia Cav.

Major JOHNSTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of southwest Va, and East Tenn.

