
guarding the different fords of the Potomac, except by the order referred to from General Halleck, yet for months past I have kept up daily patrols to the Potomac for my own protection, and when we have found General Augur's pickets withdrawn have guarded the fords s best we could until pickets were re-established.d since the loss of he three infantry regiments my remaining force has been kept nearer the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, whit the protection of which I was specially charged. Any other duty or territory it may be the pleasure of my superiors to assign me, I beg to assure you shall receive my prompt attention, and such instructions as may be given me will be complied with if within the scope of my ability and power to accomplish. My entire mounted cavalry force is watching the fords and scouring the country between the Potomac and the railroad, and will continue until ordered to some other duty. Over 200 of the First Delaware Cavalry are without horses and have been since they joined my command. Requisitions have been twice forwarded and the issue strongly urged by my department commander and myself.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. TYLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

OCTOBER 11, 1864.-Skirmish near Petersburg, W. Va.

Report of Captain Daniel Sheets, Sixth West Virginia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS POST, New Creek, Va., October 13, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that a squad of three "Swamps" have arrived here, 5 o'clock this p. m., in charge of a prisoner, one of Imboden's scouts. They report that he "Swamps," 198 men, morning of the 11th instant (Tuesday), about two miles south of Petersburg, and a fight took place, lasting about three hours; result not known. Captain Kelley encamped near Greenland Gap last night and moved in direction of Petersburg early this morning; my cavalry following soon after. It appears that the "Swamps" had anticipated the design of the rebels, and had made ample preparations to meet them. Seven deserters have arrived here this day.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,DANIEL SHEETS,

Captain, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant C. A. FREEMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 26, 1864.-Skirmish at Winfield, W. Va.

Report of Colonel John H. Oley, Seventh West Virginia Cavalry.

CHARLESTON, W. VA., October 26, 1864.

Witcher, with 400 men, attache Winfield at 3 this a. m., where one company of the Seventh Virginia Cavalry was stationed. He was repulsed and is retreating. Captain Philip J. Thurmond fell into our hands

