
tally wounded and in our hands. Our loss, Lieutenant Peck and 6 enlisted men killed; Major Shaw, Lieutenant Howell, and 20 enlisted men wounded. The rebels took to the mountains, very much demoralized.

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Forces.

Major-General KENLEY,

Cumberland, Md.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES WEST OF PIEDMONT, DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, Clarksburg, W. Va., November 11, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to herewith transmit Lieutenant-Colonel Youart's (Eighth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry) report of the action at Bevelry, W. Va., October 29, 1864.

The rebels, under major Hall, with a force of about 360 men, attacked Beverly at daybreak on that morning, and after two hours' hard fighting were splendidly repulsed, with a loss of, as follows: Killed in action, lieutenants, 2; enlisted men, 14. Drowned, enlisted men, 4. Total killed, 20. Prisoners wounded, major (Hall), 1; lieutenants, 2; enlisted men, 22; total wounded, 25. Prisoners uninjured, surgeons, 2; lieutenants, 1; enlisted men, 92; total, 95. Total killed, wounded, and uninjured, 140.

Of the uninjured prisoners, ninety-one have been sent to Clarksburg, an thence forwarded to Camp chase, via wheeling, W. Va. An investigation of the list of these prisoners discloses the fact that they represented no less than twenty-one distinct rebel regiments and batteries.

The casualties on our part were 46, as follows: Killed in action, lieutenant (Peck), 1; enlisted men, 8; total killed, 9. Wounded, major (J. W. Shaw, severely), 1; lieutenant (F. Howell, severely), 1; enlisted men-mortally, 1; supposed to be captured, 14. Total casualties, all of the Eighth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, 46.

The force at Beverly was a detachment of the eighth Ohio Cavalry, some of whom had no arms, and the greater number who were armed had only the union carbine, which is the worst thing of the kind I have seen, and is an entirely unreliable weapon.

I would respectfully call the attention of the general commanding to the notice made by Lieutenant Colonel R. Youart of officers of his command who particularly distinguished themselves on that occasion.

I also inclose a list of the prisoners of war taken at Beverly, and received and forwarded from here to Camp chase; also a list of the prisoners who were detained at Beverly by reason of wounds; also a list of our own killed, wounded, and missing*, and have the honor to be,Respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. WILINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Forces, &amp;c.

Lieutenant C. A. FREEMAN,

Acting Assistant adjutant-General, Cumberland, Md.

---------------

*Lists omitted.

---------------

