
ADDENDA.

CEDAR CREEK, VA., October 31, 1864.

Byt. Major General B. F. KELLEY,

Cumberland, Md.:

Please extend my thanks to the officers and men at Bevelry for their brilliant victory of the 29th instant; a few more such will rid that county of these villains.

Respectfully,

GEORGE CROOK,

Major-General.

No. 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Robert Younart, Eighth Ohio Cavalry, commanidng U. S. forces at Beverly.

HDQRS. EIGHTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEER CAVALRY, Beverly, W. Va., November 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 29th of October last, about 5 a. m., Major Hall with a force of Confederates, 360 strong, from Jackson's command, made an attack on this detachment of the Eight Ohio Volunteer Cavalry. They had expected to surprise us and catch the command asleep. As it was, the men were in ranks for reveille roll-call. The rebels had flanked the mounted pickets and patrols and crept up to the inner and dismounted picket-a yell for the camp over an open field. The men of my command at F, was thrown out as skirmishers, but the rebel line swept it back. The other companies had half formed when the rebel fire scattered the 125 unarmed men of my command in flight thought the camp and broke up for a time all organization. Then began a struggle among the quarters. In the darkness, friend and foe were hardly distinguishable. Both parties were taking and guarding prisoners at the same time. The rebel force divided and one-half was shifted to the rear of camp. When day broke I with other officers had rallied and formed about fifty men, and ordered a charge on the force in the rear. The rebels were started. Major Shaw fell severely wounded. A second charge routed the rebels. I then turned my attention to the force in front and routed it. I ordered immediate pursuit, which resulted in the capture of nearly all the force operating on the front of camp.

Our loss was: First Lieutenant joshua Peck, Company L, and 7 enlisted men killed; Second Lieutenant Folger Howell, company I, and 3 enlisted men mortally wounded; Major J. W. Shaw and 19 enlisted men wounded, and 13 enlisted men captured.

The rebel loss was: Killed in action, Lieutenants Gamble and Kearsley and 14 enlisted men. Four privated sere drowned trying to escape. Major H. Hall, Sixty-second virginia Infantry, and Lieutenant M. c. Reger, Twenty-fifth Virginia Infantry, were wounded severely. Lieutenant L. D. Lorentz, Lurty's (Virginia) battery, slightly, 8 enlisted men mortally and 14 severely and slightly, wounded; all captured. We captured uninjured, Surg. W. T. Herzog, Forty-sixth virginia Battalion; Asst. Surg. 1 White, Sixty-second Virginia Infantry; Lieutenant R. D. Lurty, Wing's [Lurty's] (Virginia) battery, and 92 enlisted men; also 90 stand of arms of various patterns. The prisoners represent eleven different regiments.

