
The unarmed men by hastening out of the fight and the worthlessness of the Union carbine with which my command is armed greatly endangered my success. I had about 200 men in the action.

Too much praise cannot be awarded the gallantry of the men, fighting an unknown and unexpected fore in the dark, and tot he coolness and courage of the officers in hastening form hut to hut, oftentimes knocking over rebels to make their way, and finally organizing a sufficient force to charge and rout the enemy. I desire particularly to mention Major J. W. Shaw, Cants. C. H. Evans, R. Lye, and L. Bechtel-Major Shaw for his gallantry in leading the charge in which he was wounded; Captain Evans, the first officer to check the fleeing men of the command and for forming a rallying point at which to effect organization,a nd subsequently for his promptness in pursuit; Captains Lye and Bechtel for efficient assistance rendered; Lieuts. G. W. Cable, J. Peck, F. Howell, and George H. Potter, from setting the men a good example by their coolness and courage in executing orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. YOUART,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eight Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Lieutenant C. A. FREEMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 1, 1864.-Affair at Green Spring Run, W. Va.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Byt. Major General Benjamin F. Kelley, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Captain Robert P. Kennedy, Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.

No. 1. Report of Brevet Major General Benjamin F. Kelley, U. S. Army.

CUMBERLAND, November 1, 1864.

The post at Green Spring was attacked this a. m. at 4 o 'clock by about 200 rebels, believed to be McNeill's and White's guerrillas. the captain was wounded and the first lieutenant killed, and most of the command, with their horses and equipments, captured. The troop train arrived just in time to prevent the capture of the express train west. Trains all safe. Train east has gone forward. The rebels have retreated with their captured property. My cavalry are after them, but I fear will not overtake them. the Twenty-first New York Cavalry left here this a. m. for Martinsburg, via Springfield, Bloomery Gap, Unger's Store, and Shanghai.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

Brigadier-General SEWARD,

Martinsburg.

