
December 1 to 9.-Second Division remained near Kernstown; broke camp on the 9th and marched to Stephenson's Station and took cars for Washington.

December 10.-Arrived in Washington and embarked on transports for City Point.

December 16.-Arrived in front of Petersburg and encamped.

Third Division remained in camp near Kernstown until the 3rd.

December 3.-Broke camp, and marched to Stephenson's Station; took cars for Washington.

December 4.-Arrived in Washington and embarked on transports for City Point.

December 6.-Arrived at City Point; moved to the line of works and relieved part of the Fifth Corps.

December 9.-Made a reconnaissance to the Vaughan road.

December 10.-Returned to camp.

December 11 to 31.-Remained there.

First Division.

August 2.-Moved from camp near Frederick City and marched to the vicinity of Buckeystown, where we remained until the 5th.

August 5.-Moved as guard to the train to Harper's Ferry; encamped at Halltown, where we remained until the 9th.

August 9 [10].-With the rest of the corps commenced the movement up the Valley to Strasburg.

August 16.-Moved down the Valley.

August 18.-Arrived at Charlestown.

August 21.-Moved back as far as Halltown; remained until the 28th, when the command moved as far as Charlestown, taking up its old position.

September 1 and 2.-In camp near Charlestown, Va.

September 3.-Moved from camp near Charlestown, Va., and marched as far as Clifton and intrenched and remained until the 19th.

September 19.-With the rest of the corps, moved to the Opequon; crossed that stream and participated in the engagement of that day.

September 20.-Left Winchester at daylight and marched to Strasburg and encamped for the night.

September 22.-Participated in the battle of Fisher's Hill and followed up the enemy to Harrisonburg.

September 29.-Marched to Mount Crawford and encamped for the night.

September 30.-Moved back to Harrisonburg and encamped.

October 1.-The division was encamped at Harrisonburg, Va.

October 6.-Moved from Harrisonburg to Mount Jackson, twenty-four miles.

October 7.-Moved from Mount Jackson to Woodstock, twelve miles.

October 8.-Marched to Strasburg; remained in camp at that place until the 10th, when the division moved to Front Royal.

October 13.-Moved to Millwood.

October 14.-Moved back to Cedar Creek, where we remained in camp until the 19th, when the division, with the other divisions of the corps, participated in the fight of that day. At night the old camps were reoccupied.

November 9.-Changed camp from Cedar Creek to Kernstown, four miles south of Winchester, Va.

5 R R-VOL XLIII, PT I

