HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITION,Logan Court-House, November 15, 1864.

GENERAL: Upon my recent expedition I destroyed many stores and two steam-boats upon the Big Sandy River. I also mounted fifty-seven recruits on captured horses. I have also brought out fifty odd head of fine beef-cattle, which are being sent to Mr. Nichols, in Burkes's Garden. There are some indications of a cavalry raid to Salville or Dublin. The enemy has in the Valley the Seventh Virginia Cavalry, at least 800 strong, and the First New York Cavalry, about 600.

I will reach Wyoming Court-House to-morrow, and will remain there ten days to gather up cattle and two companies of recruits organized in Wyoming for me. From that point I will proceed to Mercer Court-House, as it will be impossible to cross New River at any other point at the present state of the water but at the Narrows. I shall go this route, too, with a view of covering the cattle and for the purpose of being in a situation to move in any direction you may desire. How-ever, after getting to Princeton, if I can by any possible means cross the river at Pack's Ferry I shall do so. My own force, if the recruits were armed, is fully capable of taking care of the enemy's force in the Kanawha Valley. My command, too, is in splendid fix; however, I regret to say that many of the men need clothing, and I have very little ammunition. I send my adjutant wit this, and authority to make requisitions in my name. Please send all the clothing that can be spared, 300 guns and equipments, and 5,000 rounds of ammunition caliber. 54, 5,000 caliber .58, and 5,000 caliber .5,000 and 5,000 caliber .69, and ammunition for the guns sent me.

I have here with me in camp four companies of recruits. I understand there is also two companies in Wyoming waiting for me. I have also in this county four or five other companies now in process of formation that have each fifteen or twenty men. As the enemy was, when I came here, vigorously drafting in the lower counties, I concluded to let them stay and fill up, with the assurance that they would come to join me. I have just heard from the Kanawha Valley. The enemy's troops say they are going to Pearisburg or Dublin. Should he go this route or to Saltville I will most certainly be on his front or rear. Princeton is the best point for me, should he do either. However, I am inclined to believe they are simply making arrangements to get after me, and to this end will be prepared for him, anyway. Should all of this turn out to be nothing I very much desire to make on more movement into Northwest Virginia this winter, and then dismount my command and act as infantry the balance of it, so as to discipline and organize the command. the whole command needs discipline and organization. I think, too, if this was done the command could e largely recruited this winter. Indeed, in my opinion, were the local organizations in this country disbanded the organization of a new regiment would only be a question of time-I mean a regiment in addition to the command I am now raising for Colonel Swann. My own battalion is already a regiment, and Swann will have, when I gather them together, seven companies, besides five or six unorganized squads. However, the organization of this regiment altogether depends upon the locality of my command this winter.

In conclusion, general. allow me to say that I regard this as a most auspicious time to send your Kentucky command into Kentucky, as I am induced to believe thousands of recruits might be secured out of Morgan's old command and the thousands of guerrillas scattered all

