
to Brock's Gap. Major Potts, with his command, arriving at New Creek the next day, was promptly sent after the enemy to harass his rear, and recapture, if possible, a portion of the spoils, but ailed to overtake him in his hurried retreat. Until authentic information of the retrograde movement was received, it was believed that an attack would also be made on Cumberland, and measures were at once taken to strengthen the garrison with a view to a successful defense. The limited available force of my command, east of the place, was hastily concentrated, forming a garrison of about 500 men. The additional arrival the next a. m. of three small regiments, ordered to me by the commanding general of the military division, placed Cumberland out of any threatened danger, and enabled me to take measures at once for the recapture and reoccupation of New Creek. A reconnaissance made in the morning with iron-clad cars having, however, indicated that the enemy had retreated the previous evening, but two regiments were sent to New Creek, which at once occupied the works.

I inclose herewith copies of the correspondence with Colonel Latham previous to the disaster, Colonel Latham's own report, and the report of Captain Fisher of the operations at Piedmont.

Regarding the losses at New Creek, I regret that this report must necessarily be left for the present incomplete. No detailed statement necessarily be left for the present incomplete. No detailed statement of the losses sustained by the regimens and detachments has yet been procured, owing principally to he fact that many of the commanding officers, with all their papers and books, were captured and carried off. The losses sustained by the Government stores forwarded to that point for issue have been ascertained and are enumerated in the statement* herewith submitted of the quartermaster and commissary of subsistence at that depot. A more full report will be made as soon as the necessary data can be procured. I submit for the present a statement of losses, which is believed to be approximately correct.

In prisoners there were taken about 450 officers and men. Of these it is believed that near 150 have since escaped during the hurried retreat of the enemy, and returned to their commands.

In artillery there were captured and carried off, four pieces of Battery L, First Illinois Artillery, on taken near Moorefield, the others at New Creek, two caissons, and most of the horses and harness of the two sections. The four pieces in the works were spiked, though not effectually, and will be rendered serviceable.

The horses captured, belonging to the cavalry and artillery commands, will probably reach 250.

No damage was done to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, either to track or bridges, at or near New Creek or at Piedmont, and but little to the valuable and important works of the company at the latter place.

The losses in stores at the depot belonging to the quartermaster's and commissary departments, as shown by the accompanying statements, are as follows, in moneyed valuation:

Quartermaster's stores............................. $72,000 00

Commissary stores.................................. 18,382 54

Government building (original cost)................ 33,000 00

Total.............................................. 123,382 54

New Creek since 1861 has been regarded as a suitable depot for stores intended for issue to the troops on line of railroad and at interior

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

42 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

