
November 11.-Reconnaissance on the part of the enemy against the right.

November 14.-Enemy retired to and over Cedar Creek.

November 13.-Commenced entrenching the front line.

November 21.-Division, with the rest of the corps, reviewed by General Sheridan.

November 30.-Received orders to start for Petersburg.

First Brigade, First Division.

[August.]-The brigade has been in all of the engagements in which the Sixth Corps has participated during the month.

[September.]-Since last return (September 1) the brigade has been in all of the engagements in which the Sixth Corps has participated.

[October.]-Since last return the brigade has been in all of the engagements in which the Sixth Corps has participated.

[November.]-Since last return the brigade has been encamped near Winchester, Va.

December 1.-The brigade broke camp near Winchester, Va., and marched to Stephenson's Station; from thence by rail to Washington and boat to City Point.

December 4.-Arrived at City Point.

December 5.-Left City Point and arrived at its present camp near Petersburg.

Second Brigade, First Division.

August 1.-In camp about four miles from Frederick City, on Jefferson road.

August 2.-Quiet in camp.

August 3.-Marched to Monocacy and encamped.

August 5.-At 12 p. m. commenced marched for Harper's Ferry.

August 6.-Arrived at Harper's Ferry at 3 p. m.; encamped at Halltown at 6 p. m.

August 10.-Marched at 6 a. m. and encamped at Clifton; fifteen miles.

August 11.-Marched at 5 a. m. and encamped six miles from Winchester, southeast.

August 12.-Marched at 7.30 a. m. in rear of trains and encamped at Middletown.

August 13.-Crossed Cedar Creek at 7 a. m. and halted one mile and a half from Strasburg; enemy found in position; recrossed Cedar Creek; encamped on old ground.

August 14.-Quiet in camp.

August 15.-Changed camp.

August 16.-Commenced march for Winchester at 10 p. m.

August 17.-Continued march; passed through Winchester at 8 a. m.

and encamped on Opequon at 4.30 p. m.

August 18.-Took position on Opequon at 3.30 a. m.; marched at 6 a. m. via Berryville and encamped two miles from Charlestown.

August 19 and 20.-Quiet in camp.

August 21.-Enemy appeared at 8 a. m.; skirmishing all day.

August 22.-Retired at 2 a. m. toward Harper's Ferry and encamped on former ground. At 12 m. moved to Crook's left and remained in reserve; enemy in front, not disposed to attack.

