
force of the enemy camped in my front, thought best to withdraw from that road and did so, and took a path leading across the mountain to the left of Bloomington to a small station on Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. When within a few miles of the station I camped for the night, leaving it (the camp) at 4 a. m. 29th instant, and arrived at Frankville, on Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, at 10 a. m., from thence, via Piedmont, to New Creek.

My command, being much wearied, behaved nobly. Lost one man, captured; but two wounded slightly; captured one rebel lieutenant and twelve men; also a number of horses, &amp;c.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. J. POTTS,

Major Sixth West Virginia Cavalry, Commanding Detachment.

Colonel GEORGE R. LATHAM,

Fifth West Virginia Cavalry.

NEW CREEK, W. VA., December 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of my recent scout to Petersburg, &c.:

I started one the evening of the 30th from this post, by order of Colonel Latham, to open, if possible, communication with the cavalry force of the Valley, supposed to be then at Moorefield. I started with ninety men, and had to send some eight or ten back before I reached Greenland Gap, from the fact that their horses were then unable to travel farther, leaving me but eighty men. I arrived at Petersburg at about 12 m. on 1st, and there met a Union citizen just from Moorefield, who stated that our cavalry, about 3,000 entered Moorefield on the evening of the 30th, and left on the morning of the 1st in the direction of Brock's Gap. The rebels left Petersburg on the morning of the 30th, and went in the direction of Brock's Gap, leaving Moorefiled to their left. Some little firing was heard in the direction of the ap on the evening of the 1st; know not the result or cause. McNeill's and Woodson's commands are in the vicinity of Moorefield; about 150 men. I ran some twenty of them out of Petersburg; they went in the direction of Moorefield. As my horses were so fatigued from a forced march of six days, and our cavalry having twelve hours start of me, believing that I could not reach or open communication with our cavalry, I returned to New Creek via Burlington. Rosser took all the property he could get, such as horses, cattle, even cows, calves, sheep, &c. I was bound to leave three or four horses on the road from Petersburg to Burlington, which gave out.

Hoping that this may be satisfactory, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. J. POTTS,

Major Sixth West Virginia Cavalry.

P. S.-Our cavalry only went a few miles above Moorefield, then returned to the Valley, so persons state who escaped from Brock's Gap.

P. J. POTTS,

Major.

Captain T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cumberland, Md.

