
pany and regiment books, 8 hospital tents, &amp;c. The approximate value of clothing, camp and garrison equipage lost would not exceed $34,000. A considerable portion of the above stores were to have been issued in a day or two.

Quartermaster's stores-consisting of fuel, stationery, hospital and office furniture building materials, veterinary tools and horse medicines, blacksmiths' tools, carpenters' and miscellaneous tools, saddler' tools; stores for expenditure, including horseshoes, horseshoe and cut nails, iron rope, steel, wagon-tongues and hounds, spokes-would not exceed $5,000. This estimate I consider full large.

means of transportation: 76 single sets of horse and mule harness, worn; 4 four-horse wagons, 21 two-horse wagons, 3 ambulances, 39 mules, 118 horses, all serviceable; 169 horses unfit for service, and a large portion of same worthless. Approximate value, $30,000.

Forage: 25 tons hay, 1,600 bushels grain. Money value would not exceed $3,000.

Buildings: The buildings which were erected by Captain Loomis, assistant quartermaster, under the direction of Major-General Fremont, in the spring of 1862, then commanding this department, were the finest in the department, and at the time of erection probably cost $33,000. I would respectfully call your attention to a copy of letter inclosed from Mr. H. L. Winants, assistant quartermaster's agent at New Creek post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. HARRISON,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

Captain THAYER MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cumberland, Md.

No. 9. Report of Quartermaster Agent H. L. Winants, of operations November 28.

ASSISTANT QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

New Creek, W. Va., December 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: The disaster at this post on the 28th ultimo is already known to you with such details of the destruction of property as could be gathered from the ruins of papers and memorandums. Very little property of any kind belonging to the quartermaster's department was saved dorm the destruction or plunder by the rebel raiders. The surprise was complete and successful. But a few minutes elapsed after the first alarm that the enemy was in the fort before they had entire possession of the station, the Government buildings, and property. The force employed by this department, so far as I can learn, were all at their posts. The clerks were at work at their desks in the office and were captured, but succeeded in making their escape subsequently. The heads of the several positions were all present and attending to their usual duties. Had there been twenty minutes' notice all our serviceable stock at the post could probably have been saved by moving it off; as it was, most of the men in charge of the animals were captured in the corral or stables. The business office was soon in possession of the raiders and the property destroyed. The books and papers were captured near the river, a few hundred yards in rear of the office, while being conveyed to a place of safety by an employ. I

