
inclose you such vouchers for the month of November as I have been able to gather up from the point where the papers were captured. All the public buildings at the post were burned, with the exception of the saddler's shop, one blacksmith shop, and one small stable. The amount of clothing, camp and garrison equipage on the warehouse was not large, and a considerable portion of it would have been issued in a day or two. The amount of quartermaster's stores on hand was smaller than that of the clothing, cap and garrison equipage, but were destroyed or taken away by the rebels. The transportation at the post was limited and was employed principally in hauling hay from the region of Burlington for the use of the post, but were in camp when the attack was made, and were all captured, as were also the post teams usually busy in serving the hospital and troops. What stores can be gathered from the ruins are being placed in safe positions to be accounted for. An office has been opened for business and such supplies being procured for the troops remaining as requisitions are made for by the proper officers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. J. WINANTS,

Assistant Quartermaster Agent.

Captain GEORGE W. HARRISON,

Assistant Quartermaster, Cumberland, Md.

No. 10. Reports of General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army.

PETERSBURG, December 2, 1864.

General Early reports that General Rosser, with Payne's and his own brigade, encountered, on the 27th ultimo, near Moorefield a small party of enemy; captured 40 prisoners, 1 piece of artillery. On 28th surprised and captured Fort Kelley, at New Creek, 4 field pieces, 4 siege guns, between [700 and] 800 prisoners, a large number of horses, mules, and 8 stand of colors; destroyed 200 wagons, a very large amount of quartermaster, commissary, and ordnance stores. He brought off the field pieces, some wagons; spiked the siege guns, destroyed the carriages. He captured Piedmont; destroyed all Government buildings, including a number of engines; burned several bridges, and did considerable damage to railroad, and collected several hundred head of cattle. His loss 2 killed and 2 or 3 wounded. The boldness and enemy exhibited by General Rosser and the conduct of his men deserves much praise.

R. E. LEE.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,December 8, 1864.

SIR: I have received from General Early some of the particulars of the recent expedition of General Rosser. The fort at New Creek, which was deemed very strong by the enemy, was completely surprised, although the attack was made in the daytime. So well were General

