
you with additional forces and thorough verbal understanding on Saturday. You may start Major Potts, via Hanging Rock, on Saturday morning, if necessary, before the adjutant arrives, as he will be sure to come with sufficient other force for the direct road. Generals Kelley and Crook are both pleased with the move. General Crook has ordered the consolidation. I think there is some stock in the vicinity of Williamsport that ought to be brought off.

Very truly, yours, &amp;c.,

GEO. R. LATHAM,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

NEW CREEK, W. VA., November 26, 1864.

[Lieutenant Colonel R. E. FLEMING:]

COLONEL: The citizens here from the South Branch Valley propose to take measures to rid the country of McNeill's men and to co-operate with us for that purpose. This will be better than their destruction. I inclose to you General Kelley's telegram, which will supersede your previous instructions with regard to the destruction of property. You will, however, bring out the stock. There are some serious complaints of robberies committed by the men. Please preserve discipline, and permit nothing to be done without responsible authority.

With best wishes for your success, I am, yours, &c.,

GEO. R. LATHAM,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.-Please send courier in from Moorefield, and I will have supplies meet you at Burlington if desired.

[Sub-inclosure.]

CUMBERLAND, MD., November 25, 1864.

Colonel G. R. LATHAM:

I will send the scout to Romney, with orders to move up the Trough road. Have you made arrangements with the "Swamps" to occupy South fork above Moorefield? Direct the officer in command to inform the people of Moorefield and South Branch Valley that if they continue to harbor and feed McNeill's men that the whole valley will be laid waste like the Shenandoah Valley.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

No. 11. Report of Brigadier General Thomas L. Rosser, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ROSSER'S DIVISION,Near Petersburg, November 30, 1864.

GENERAL: After capturing the artillery and wagons at Moorefield, on the 27th I moved on New Creek by a night march and surprised and captured the garrison about 10 o'clock next morning, which embraced

