
August 28.-Marched at 7 a. m. and encamped one mile and a half from Charlestown, in the position held on the 21st instant.

August 29 to 31.-Quiet in camp.

November 9.-Broke camp at Cedar Creek; marched to Kernstown and encamped, remaining until the end of the mouth.

Third Brigade, First Division.

August 2.-Moved from camp near Frederick City and marched to the vicinity of Buckeystown, where we remained until the 5th.

August 5.-Moved as guard to the trains to Harper's Ferry; encamped at Halltown, where we remained until the 9th [10th], when, with the rest of the corps, we commenced the movement up the Valley.

August 12.-The brigade was detached from the rest of the division and ordered to garrison Winchester.

August 13.-Relieved by General Kenly's troops; marched as guard to the trains as far as Middletown, rejoining the division at Cedar Creek; remained until the night of the 16th, when the command marched, reaching the Opequon the following afternoon.

August 18.-Marched in the morning to the vicinity of Charlestown.

August 21.-The enemy attacked our picket-line, the Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers and Second Rhode Island Volunteers on the line. At night moved back as far as Halltown.

August 22.-In the afternoon ordered to support of the Army of West Virginia. Remained in this position until the 31st, when the command moved as far as Charlestown, taking up its old position.

September 3.-Moved from camp near Charlestown, Va., and marched as far as Clifton, where the position was intrenched, and the command remained in it until the morning of the 19th.

September 19.-Moved out to the Opeqoun; crossed that stream shortly after daylight and participated in the engagement of that day, losing 16 commissioned officers and 228 enlisted men.

September 20.-The command was assigned to duty at Winchester, where it remained as a garrison to the post to the close of the mouth.

October 29.-Broke camp at Winchester, Va.; escorted a wagon-train to Middletown, leaving the Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers in Winchester, Va. Arrived at Middletown about 3 p. m.; went into camp on the right of the Second Brigade, where the brigade has remained since that time.

December 1.-The brigade left its camp near Kernstown; proceeded by rail from Stephenson's Depot to Washington.

December 2.-Took transports.

December 4.-Shortly after noon reached City Point, where the command was debarked and proceeded by rail to Parke's Station.

Second Division.

August 3.-Moved from Frederick to Buckeystown.

August 6.-Moved to Harper's Ferry.

August 7.-Moved to Halltown.

August 11.-Moved to Cedar Creek via Charlestown.

August 12.-Moved to Strasburg.

August 14.-Moved back to Cedar Creek.

August 18.-Moved back to Charlestown.

August 21.-Engaged with the enemy, and moved back to Halltown.

August 28.-Moved to Charlestown.

