
between 700 and 800 prisoners, eight pieces of artillery, four of which were siege guns, a large number of horses and mules, and destroyed a vast amount of commissary, ordnance, and quartermaster stores. I destroyed also about 200 wagons, bringing off only a few. I brought off the field battery, blowing up the caissons. I then sent a force up to Piedmont, which succeeded in destroying an immense amount of property there, all the Government buildings, and all the machine shops, &amp;c., connected with the railroad. I damaged the railroad considerably, destroying several small bridges. I have gathered up 400 or 500 head of cattle and some sheep, and am now on my way to camp, and all the captured property is now beyond the reach of the enemy and safe. The siege guns at New Creek were spiked and the carriages destroyed; the magazine of Fort Kelley was blown up and the telegraph wires destroyed. I captured eight colors, one of which was a tremendous garrison flag, which I hauled down from over Fort Kelley. My total loss is 2 men killed and 1 or 2 wounded. The enemy suffered in killed and wounded severely in the assault.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

THOS. L. ROSSER,

Major-General.

[Lieutenant General J. A. EARLY.]

NOVEMBER 28, 1864.-Skirmish at Goresville, Va.

Report of Captain Daniel M. Keyes, Independent Battalion Virginia, Cavalry (Loudou Rangers.)
HEADQUARTERS INDEPENDENT (LOUDOU, VA.) RANGERS,Point of Rocks, Md., November 29, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that a detachment of this command of thirty-four men, under the command of Lieutenant Robert Graham, left camp on the 28th instant, between 5 and 6 a. m., crossed the river at Cheek's Ford, proceeded toward Leesburg, crossed the Leesburg road at Big Spring, there struck the Catactin Mountain, crossed the Winchester pike at Clark's Gap, then proceed to Dry Mill, south of Leesburg, there took the road to Leesburg; heard that a small force of fifteen or twenty rebels were in the town; charged through the town and captured Captain Smith, adjutant-general on Major-General Gordon's staff; also captured one private belonging to the Loudoun Cavalry. Left Leesburg and took the road leading to Point of Rocks. Met Mosby's command at Goresville, numbering from 150 to 200 men, where a small skirmish took place. Lieutenant Graham and Lieutenant Rhodes and five or six privates are still missing.

The loss of the enemy was Captain Mountjoy killed, who, it was said, was in command; one lieutenant wounded, and two privates killed.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL M. KEYES,

Captain, Commanding Independent (Loudou, Va.) Rangers.

Lieutenant S. F. ADAMS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Harper's Ferry, Va.

