
tions from the chief of cavalry were evidently written under the impression that I would meet the enemy enforce at some point of for south of New Market, if not sooner. This is inferred from the amount of supplies ordered for my command by the chief of cavalry. From the information I derived along the line of my first day's march, which was confirmed by the report of scouts, that the enemy had retired all his forces beyond Staunton, I believed that if the enemy permitted my command to reach Staunton without serious opposition, I could, with reasonable hope of success, continue my movement to Lynchburg, trusting to the supplies in the country beyond Staunton upon which to subsist my command, and had it not been for the advantage the enemy derived from his telegraphic communication with New Market my impressions would have proven correct. As it was, Rosser, who, with his division, was camped between Staunton [sic], was informed of my presence at Woodstock before 10 p. m. of the 19th, and, as stated by prisoners, his command received orders at 1 a. m. of the 20th to get easy to move. My command, after leaving Woodstock at daylight, moved without serious molestation to Lacey's Springs, nine miles from Harrisonburg, where I encamped during the night. The encampment was at the junction of the road leading from the Keezletown road to the pike, and for the road from Timberville to the pike. Pennington's brigade encamped in front, and on the left of the pike, one regiment, the Third New Jersey, was posted one mile and a half in advance on the pike to picket in the direction of Harrisonburg. Another regiment of the same brigade, the First Connecticut, was sent out on the road leading to the Keezletown road and picketed the country to the left of the pike. The First New Hampshire, of general Chapman's brigade, was posted on the Timberville road to picket in the direction of the latter point. One battalion of the Fifteenth New York, about 200 strong, was ordered to its support. The Eighth New York picketed the country in front and between the Timberville road and the pike, while the two remaining battalions of the Fifteenth New York, numbering upward of 400 men, were posted on the pike about one mile and a half in rear of the camp of the division. It will thus be seen that of the nine regiments composing my command five were on picket.

In the orders sent to brigade commanders, soon after reaching camp, reveille was ordered at 4 o'clock and the command was to move promptly at 6.30, Chapman's brigade taking the advance. In conformity with these instructions, General Chapman called in his pickets at the proper time and the Eighth New York, the regiment farthest in advance in the direction of the Middle road, having formed in columns of squadrons and mounted, had begun to move off by fours when a brigade of the enemy (Payne's) which, under cover of the darkness and the withdrawal of our pickets, had advanced to within a very short distance of the regiment, charged in the direction of the camp-ground of the Second Brigade. The attack was heard by the entire command, and although Pennington's brigade was the rear in the order of march, it was at once mounted and placed in position receive the enemy. The Eighth New York, although somewhat astounded by this attack, behaved well under the circumstances and opened an effective fire upon the enemy. At the same time an attack was made upon the First New Hampshire, which regiment was mounted and had a line of skirmishers in advance. The enemy did not attempt to engaged either of the regiments with determination, but acted as if the intention was to surprise a sleeping camp. Charging past the Eighth New York and First New Hampshire, they moved at the top of their speed in the direction of the pike and to our

