
charge by the enemy," I have gone into the details of that affair more than I otherwise should, particularly as my previous dispatches contained all the information which I deemed of value or interest.

I will forward a list of casualties as soon as obtained from brigade commanders.

Respectfully, submitted.

G. P. CUSTER,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Third Division.

Brevet Brigadier-General FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff, Middle Military Division.

DECEMBER 19-28, 1864.-Expedition from Winchester to near Gordonsville, Va., including skirmishes at Madison Court-House (21st), at Liberty Mills (22nd), and near Gordonsville (23rd).

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Byt. Major General Alfred T. A. Torbert, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.

No. 2.-General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army.

No. 1. Report of Byt. Major General Alfred T. A. Torbert, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Winchester, Va., December 28, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I started from Winchester on the 19th of December, with the First and Second Divisions of Cavalry, without artillery, about 5,000 men, across the Blue Ridge. On the night of the 19th I camped in Chester Gap, having marched about twenty-two miles, via Front Royal, crossing both branches of the Shenandoah River. I rained nearly all day. December 20, crossed the Blue Ridge, marched, via Little Washington, Gaine's Cross-Roads, and Sperryville, in the direction of Criglersville; marched about twenty-nine miles, Second Division camping on the Hughes River and the First Division on the Hazel. This night it hailed and sleeted all night. During the day the enemy's vedettes were driven before the advance. December 21, at daylight the march was resumed, in a hail and snow storm which lasted all day, via Criglersville, to Madison Court-House, over one of the worst road I ever traveled. The First Division went to Madison Court-House, had an engagement with Jackson's brigade of rebel cavalry driving them from the town, with slight loss. Second Division camped on Robertson's River near Criglersville. December 22, at daylight the march was resumed, Second Division leading, on the pike in the direction of Liberty Mills and Gordonsville. The enemy's cavalry-Generals Jackson's and McCausland's brigades, General Lomax commanding-were driven rapidly before my advance and across the bridge over the Rapidan, at Liberty Mills. On my advance reaching the bridge, which they did under a severe fire from

