
Rappahannock River, the former with great difficulty indeed. December 26, march resumed at daylight, Second Division leading. On reaching Warrenton the Second Division went in the direction of Salem and Piedmont, camping near Paris. At Warrenton the First Division marched in the direction of New Baltimore, Georgetown, White Plains, and Middleburg, camping near the latter place. December 27, the Second Division marched, via Paris, Ashby's Gap, and Millwood, to camp near Winchester; First Division marched, via Middleburg, Upperville, Paris and Ashby's Gap, to Millwood. December 28, First Division marched to camp near Winchester.

The county through which we passed was thoroughly cleaned of stock and forage. The command was obliged to live on the country for six days. Altogether it was an extremely hard trip on men and horses on account of the intense cold and bad weather. For six days out of the ten it either rained, hailed, or snowed, and sometimes all three.

A. T. A. TOBERT,

Brevet, Major-General, Chief of Cavalry, Commanding.

Brevet Brigadier-General FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff, Headquarters Army of the Shenandoah.

Report of casualties in the Cavalry, Middle Military Division, on the late raid, from December 19 to December 28, 1864.

Divisio	 Killed.	 Wounded	 Missing	 Acciden	 Aggrega	 Horses

n.	 	 .	 	 tally	 te.	 lost.

 	 	 	 hurt.

First	 6	 34	 27	 7	 74	 143

Divisio

n.

Second	 1	 4	 20	 3	 28 	 115

Divisio

n.

Total.	 7	 38 	 47	 10	 102	 258
HDQRS. CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,January 9, 1865.

No. 2. Report of General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,December 23, 1864.

On the 20th General Early reported one division of enemy's cavalry, under General Custer, coming up the Valley, and two divisions, under General Torbet, moving through Chester Gap, with four pieces artillery the thirty wagons. On the 22nd Rosser attacked Custer's division, nine miles from Harrisonburg, and drove [him] back, capturing forty pris-

