
September 4 [3].-Broke camp at Charlestown and marched to Clifton, near Berryville.

September 13.-Marched on a reconnaissance to Opequon Creek; at Gilbert's Crossing encountered the enemy and skirmished all day. After dark returned to old camp near Berryville, Va.

September 19.-Broke camp and marched across the Opequon Creek, on the Berryville and Winchester pike. The division formed in one line near Winchester; attacked the enemy-Early's army; took many prisoners and drove the enemy beyond Winchester. Casualties this day in the division about 550.

September 20.-Marched from Winchester via Stephensburg and Middletown to Strasburg.

September 21.-Marched on the right of Strasburg; encountered the enemy; First Brigade drove them from a commanding crest. The division took position and intrenched during the night in front of Fisher's Hill.

September 22.-The division participated in the great battle of this day; advanced and engaged the enemy, capturing some 300 prisoners, 7 pieces of artillery, and 1 battle-flag; casualties about 50; followed the enemy all night.

September 23.-Rested in the morning at Woodstock and marched in the p. m. beyond Edenburg.

September 24.-Moved forward to Mount Jackson; drove the enemy's rear guard; passed New Market and encamped beyond.

September 25.-Marched to Harrisonburg and encamped.

September 29.-Marched to Mount Crawford.

September 30.-Returned to Harrisonburg, Va.

October 1.-Lay encamped at Harrisonburg.

October 6.-Broke camp near Harrisonburg; marched twenty-one miles and encamped between New Market and Mount Jackson.

October 7.-Marched eighteen miles and encamped near Woodstock.

October 8.-Marched to Strasburg.

October 10.-Marched to near Front Royal.

October 13.-Left camp near Front Royal, and proceeded to the Shenandoah (Berry's Ferry), with orders to march by Ashby's Gap and Aldie pike to Alexandria. On reaching the Shenandoah we were ordered back, and returned to Millwood and encamped for the night.

October 14.-At 1 a. m. broke camp and marched by way of White Post and Newtown to Middletown, Va.; took position and went into camp.

October 15.-At Middletown, Va.

October 19.-Fought the battle of Cedar Creek, in which the enemy was beaten.

October 21.-Crossed Cedar Creek and encamped in position on the heights over Strasburg; erected fortifications and remained during the rest of the month.

November 1.-In camp at Strasburg, Va.

November 9.-Moved to position near Kernstown, Va.

November 11.-Slight skirmishing with the enemy.

First Brigade, Second Division.

September 3.-At 5 a. m. moved from camp near Charlestown to Clifton.

September 4.-Built a line of rifle-pits extending northeast to the Smithfield pike, connecting on the left with Third Division.

