
oners. This morning Torbert attacked Lomax near Gordonsville, and was repulsed and severely punished. He is retiring and Lomax preparing to follow.

R. E. LEE.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,December 24, 1864.

General Fitz Lee reports that the force which attacked Lomax yesterday consisted of two divisions of enemy's cavalry, under General Torbert. Lomax was posted across the Madison turnpike two miles and a half from Gordonsville. The enemy was handsomely repulsed, and retired about 3 p. m., just as re-enforcements were getting in position, leaving some of his dead on the field. He traveled too rapidly last night to engage his rear, having passed Jack's Shop, twelve miles from Gordonsville, one hour after dark. Thirty-two prisoners, captured at Liberty Mills on the 22nd, being unable to keep up on their retreat, were liberated. Lomax's loss slight.

R. E. LEE.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

DECEMBER 26-27, 1864.-Scout from Fairfax Court-House to Hopewell Gap, Va.

Report of Captain John sergeant, Eighth Illinois Cavalry.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, December 27, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the recent scout made by me with 400 men of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry:

In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters I left camp at 8 p. m. December 26, and proceeded, by way of Thoroughfare Gap, to the house of Mrs. Lewis, which I was ordered to search. At Mrs. Lewis' I captured two rebel soldiers, who reported themselves as belonging to the Fourth Virginia Cavalry. From Mrs. Lewis' I moved in the direction of Hopewell Gap, where I arrived at daylight this morning. During the march both of the prisoners, who were under the charge of Company C, managed to make their escape. At 9 a. m. I passed through Hopewell Gap, and arrived at camp at 5 p. m.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. SERGEANT,

Captain, Commanding Scouts.

Major J. D. LUDLAM,

Commanding Eighth Illinois Cavalry.

