
WHEELING, W. VA., August 4, 1864.

(Received 9.30 p. m.)

E. M. STANTON:

Your telegram received. I had ordered out the State militia before dispatching you on yesterday. They will do all that undrilled men can to obstruct the advance of the enemy. I have no further news. I request that you give orders to the proper officers to issue commissary and quartermaster's stores to the militia while in actual service.

A. I. BOREMAN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

August 4, 1864-10 p. m.

Governor BOREMAN,

Wheeling, W. Va.:

Your telegram received. Orders to the commissary and quartermaster at Wheeling will be issued immediately, as requested. Your militia, with their axes and crowbars, can, by obstructing the roads an destroying bridges, accomplish immense results toward protecting your State. We have a large force rapidly organizing for the field under command of Major-General Sheridan. A few hours of delay occasioned by the industrious labors of your militia on the roads may accomplish the destruction of the enemy. Spare no efforts on this point, and see that the work is effectually done on every road and pass.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,August 4, 1864.

General HARDIN,

Commanding Division:

The Honorable M. Blair, Postmaster-General, is visiting at his place near Silver Spring. I wish to have the officer commanding the cavalry picket at Leesborough instructed to have him (Blair) informed of the presence of any portion of the enemy's force in the vicinity of that place. I think you had better have a small picket established here and in front of Silver Spring, with a special reference to his (Blair's) presence at the latter place.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,August 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General TORBERT,

Commanding Division, Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: I am instructed to inform you that yo are authorized to retain your troops in camp in the position now occupied by them or its vicinity.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

