
MUDDY BRANCH, August 4, 1864.

(Received 11.10 a. m.)

Major C. H. RAYMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: All quiet this morning. There are only about thirty of the enemy in the timber in the vicinity of Rockville and Darnestown, ho interrupt small squads.

JNO. M. WAITE,

Major, &amp;c.

MUDDY BRANCH, MD., August 4, 1864.

(Received 6.10 p. m.)

Major C. H. RAYMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Officer in charge of my right sends word:

I hear from various sources that Imboden's brigade is in vicinity of Leesburg. Am scouring the country between here and Darnestown and Rocksville for bushwhackers and shall continue it day and night. All quiet along my lines.

J. M. WAITE,

Major, Commanding.

ALEXANDRIA, August 4, 1864,

(Received 8 p. m.)

Colonel TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Last night I send a scouting party to look after certain guerrillas said to be in the neighborhood of Burke's Station. They scouted the country thoroughly, but could find nothing.

H. H. WELLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Falls Church, Va., August 4, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that no intelligence has yet been received from the force sent to the Rappahannock two nights since. Messengers came in las night from the party sent to Thoroughfare Gap and the valley beyond. They had not reached their destination, but report the vicinity of Bristoe Station and Manassas as free from any force. The party sent to the Catoctin mountains, west of Leesburg, came in this morning. They bring information direct from the vicinity of the gap near Hillsbrug. A part of brightly Johnson's cavalry, 400 strong, are lying near the gap. Mosby has in that vicinity on this side about 350 men, and is operating in conceit with Johnson's troops and those beyond the Blue Ridge. Mosby is reported to have had two companies baldly cut up on his last trips across the river. He returned from Maryland and Sunday. The messengers sent from above Leesburg night before last were attacked and driven back by a party of rebels. In consequence information failed to reach here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Vol. Cav., Comdg. Cav. Brigade.

