HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Fort Buffalo, Va., August 4, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that Lieutenant Tuck, sent to the Rappahannock, with a small party of observation has just returned. He report that, substantially, matters in the vicinity of the Rapidan and Culpeper Court-House remain in about the same state as formerly reported at your headquarters; that there are at the rapidan railroad crossing about 100 men, infantry and cavalry, with cavalry pickets out and pickets toward Orange Court-House; that there are at Culpeper Court-House nearly 200 men, infantry; that trains travel daily from Culpeper, carrying supplies and forage south. Mosby, he los reports, was at Culpeper about one week or more since with about 150 men. Lieutenant Tuck went to the Rappahannock River, and received his information from several sources in that vicinity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York, Vol. Cav., Comdg. Cav. Brigade.

WASHINGTON, August 4, 1864.

Major-General HUNTER,

Monocacy, Md.:

I have seen General Kelley's dispatch* to you of last evening, and think that he should be immediately re-enforced by cavalry. General Shridan's cavalry is beginning to arrive, and will be sent forward soon.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

MONOCACY JUNCTION, August 4, 1864-4.30 p. m.

(Received 4.40 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The enemy is reported moving in two columns, one by way of Charlestown and one by Shepherdstown, on Harper's Ferry. I have ordered General Emory's corps to re-enforce the troops at Harper's Ferry.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

MONOCACY JUNCTION, August 4, 1864.

(Received 7 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

at 4.30 p. m. our pickets were driven away from Antietam Ford and the enemy commenced crossing with cavalry and infantry. One of my aides reports the enemy are sending cavalry over into Loudoun County, I suppose by way of Key's Ford.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Vol. XXXVII, Part II, p. 587.

---------------

