
HARPER'S FERRY, August 4, 1864-8 p. m.

Colonel JAMES A. HARDIE:

Cavalry officer at Antietam Creek reports that he was driven away at 4.30 p. m., and enemy were crossing infantry and cavalry at Shepherdstown; in what force is not known. Was on Bolivar heights at sundown; saw dust about vicinity of Shepherdstown. Cavalry officer on Winchester road reports Imboden at Charlestown, with two guns and 1,200 cavalry.

WM. SINCLAIR,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

HARPER'S FERRY, August 4, 1864.

(Received 10.25 p. m.)

Colonel JAMES A. HARDIE,

Inspector-General:

Another orderly has arrived from cavalry officer at Antietam Creek; reports that [they] had a skirmish with enemy and had to fall back. Enemy crossed at Shepherdstown and Dam No. 4, with infantry, cavalry, and artillery; numbers not known. Signal officer stationed at McClellan's Gap reports that enemy crossed cavalry and had infantry on Virginia side when he left his station. This must be the signal station used by General McClellan during the battle of Antietam.

WM. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Inspector-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, No. 58. Monocacy Junction, Md., August 4, 1864.

Major General Julius Stahel, U. S. Volunteers, having recovered from his wounds received in action at Piedmont, W. Va., and reported for duty, is announced as chief of cavalry, and will be attacked to the staff of the major-general commanding the department. Major-General Stahel will make frequent inspections of the cavalry of this command, and present such suggestions as his experience may warrant looking to its increased efficiency.

By command of Major-General Hunter:

THAYER MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

August 4, 1864-11.55 p. m.

By direction of the department commander the corps will be held in readiness to move at daylight to-morrow morning upon the receipt of orders to that effect. The order of march will be as follows: first, Second Division; second, Third Division; third, artillery not assigned to divisions; fourth, First Division; fifth, the trains, to which the commander of the First Division will assign a brigade as guard. The ambulances and headquarters trains will accompany the divisions to which they belong; corps headquarters wagons will follow immediately after the artillery.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. A. WHITTIER,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

