
September 13.-Second Division marched on a reconnaissance to Opequon Creek, near the crossing of the Summit pike and Winchester road. Returned to camp at dark.

September 19.-Battle of Winchester.

September 20.-At 6 a. m. moved south; passed through Strasburg and Middletown; crossed Cedar Creek.

September 21.-Moved to the right and front two or three miles, skirmishing with the enemy; charged and carried a prominent crest under the supervision of General Sheridan.

September 22.-Engaged in battle of Fisher's Hill; captured redoubt, with four gun battery.

September 23.-Moved to a mile south of Edenburg.

September 24.-Moved to Hawkinsburg and Mount Pleasant [Mount Jackson]; crossed North Fork of the Shenandoah.

September 25.-Moved to Harrisonburg.

September 29.-Moved to Mount Crawford.

September 30.-Returned to Harrisonburg.

October 1.-Camp near Harrisonburg, in the Valley of the Shenandoah.

October 6.-Marched to Mount Jackson.

October 7.-Marched two miles north of Woodstock.

October 8.-Marched to Strasburg.

October 10.-Marched to the junction of the North and South Forks of the Shenandoah, near Front Royal.

October 13.-Marched with the rest of the corps to Berry's Ferry, on the Shenandoah, near Ashby's Gap, via White Post and Millwood, with orders to proceed to Alexandria for shipment to Fort Monroe. When about to ford the river an order came from General Sheridan to march back to Middletown; countermarched to Millwood and bivouacked.

October 14.-At 2.30 a. m. started for Middletown, via White Post and Stephensburg; arrived there at 2 p. m. and formed on the right of the Nineteenth Corps.

October 19.-Engaged in the battle of Cedar Creek.

October 21.-Moved with the rest of the division to the hill north of Strasburg and intrenched the position.

October 31.-Reviewed by Brevet Major-General Getty.

December 1.-In camp three miles south of Winchester, Va.

December 9.-Broke camp and marched to Stephenson's Depot.

December 10.-Marched to within two miles south of Charlestown, Va.

December 11.-Marched to Jefferson, Md., via Harper's Ferry.

December 12.-Marched to Monocacy Junction, Md.

December 13.-Took cars for Washington; arrived there at 9 p. m. same day.

December 14.-Embarked on steam-boats for City Point.

December 16.-Debarked; took cars for Patrick's Station on the military railroad; arrived there the same night.

December 31.-In camp near Patrick's Station, Va.

Third Brigade, Second Division.

September 3.-Moved from Bolivar to Charlestown.

September 7.-Moved to near Berryville.

September 14 [13].-Made a reconnaissance to Opequon Creek.

September 19.-Moved at 2 a. m. and engaged the enemy at Opequon Creek.

