
PITTSBURG, August 4, 1864.

(Received 12 midnight.)

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Cumberland:

I did not receive your telegram of yesterday.* I hope to have a large force organized shortly, but perhaps will not immediately be able to give you much assistance. Shall send out this morning to have the mountain passes fortified. If you can give information as to what points are threatened it would advisable.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, August 4, 1864-5.30 p. m.

Major-General COUCH,

Pittsburg:

The enemy attacked New Creek, twenty-five miles west of this, at 4 p. m. this evening. Are now fighting. If they succeed in capturing the garrison there is nothing to prevent them from going to the Ohio River unless you can raise a force to stop them.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

HARRISBURG, August 4, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Major General D. N. COUCH:

Lieutenant Thayer reports from Casey's Knob that General Averell crossed at Hancock on a reconnaissance, and doubtless in recrossing frightened the inhabitants. I know of no officer to send as engineer from here except Colonel Mather. I have ordered two companies to barricade roads and defend them.

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,

Pittsburg, Pa., August 4, 1864.

TO THE COUNTY COMMISSIONERS OF-COUNTY:

GENTLEMEN: It is necessary that you should be apprised that raiding parties of the enemy may at any time endeavor to invade the limits of your county, to prevent which and to inflict all possible damage to the foe, the following directions are issued for your guidance:

The roads passing over the mountains or through gorges into your county must be strongly fortified for defense, and you are requested to use the power of your official position to accomplish that end by furnishing men, tools, and, if deemed necessary, an armed force for the defense of the works erected. If necessary, arms will be furnished for any organized force by making timely application to these headquarters.

Inclosed herewith you will find special instructions as to the character of the work and the leading points to be defended. You will use

---------------

*See Kelley to Couch, Vol. XXXVII, Part II, p. 590.

---------------

