
tion the railroad, if by so doing time can be saved. From Harper's Ferry, if it is found that the enemy has moved north of the Potomac in large force, push north, following and attacking him wherever found; following him, if driven south of the Potomac, as long as it is safe to do so. If it is ascertained that the enemy has but a small force north of the Potomac, then push south with the main force, detaching, under a competent commander, a sufficient force to look after the raiders and drive them to their homes. In detaching such a force, the brigade of cavalry now en route from Washington, via Rockville, may be taken into account. There are now on the way to join you three other brigades of the best of cavalry, numbering at least 5,000 men and horses. These will be instructed, in the absence of further orders, to join you by the south side of of the Potomac. One brigade will probably start to-morrow. In pushing up the Shenandoah Valley, as it is expected you will have to go, first or last, it is desirable that nothing should be left to invite the enemy to return. Take all provisions, forage, and stock wanted for the use of your command; such as cannot be consumed, destroy. It is not desirable that the buildings should be destroying; they should rather be protected; but the people should be informed that so long as an army can subsist among them recurrences of these raids must be expected, and we are determined to stop them at all hazards. Bear in mind the object is to drive the enemy south, and to do this you want to keep him always in sight. Be guided in your course by the course he takes. Make your own arrangements for supplies of all kinds, giving regular vouchers for such as will be taken from loyal citizens in the country through which you march.

Very respectfully,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 5, 1864. (Via Monocacy.)

Major-General HUNTER:

Keep me advised of your movements and those of the enemy, so that Sheridan may know where to go to join you.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

MONOCACY JUNCTION, August 5, 1864-10.30 a. m.

(Received 12 m.)

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY:

General Emory is at Harper's Ferry with his corps. Colonel Lowell, who is guarding the river from Point of Rocks to Edwards' ferry, made a reconnaissance as far as Hillsborough, in Loudoun County, Va., and reports no enemy in Loudoun and none moving across from Key's Ferry. No rebel force has approached Harper's Ferry to-day. General Howe reports a considerable rebel force of cavalry and artillery, with a train, moving northward from Shepherdstown on the Maryland side of the river. The main body of my forces remains in this vicinity, from which place I will not move until there are further developments of the enemy's intentions.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

