SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, No. 181. Harrisburg, Pa., August 5, 1864.

1. Captain M. Hastings, commanding Keystone Battery, 100-days' Pennsylvania volunteers, will proceed without delay by railroad with his command to Huntingdon, Pa. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Couch:

J. S. SCHULTZE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GREENCASTLE, August 5, 1864.

Major J. S. SCHULTZER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have retreated to this place. My scouts skirmished with the enemy this morning at Williamsport and at Hagerstown. The enemy holds the latter place. From reliable scouts, they are crossing in force at Williamsport this morning or opposite there. They were called out in line and has mock service instead of divine, after which the doxology was played by their band, and then took up the line of march for the river ford. I am having my scouts at work; will give you all possible information as to further movements of the enemy. I have not the means of determining their positive direction yet, but will soon be able to give you the direction of march. I am fully confident their aim is to come down this way.

LOT BOWEN,

Major, Commanding Third Virginia Cavalry.

HARRISBURG, PA., August 5, 1864.

(Received 3 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Three regiments of rebel information and two of cavalry crossed at Shepherdstown this morning and came by the Boonsborough road. Their movements indicate that it is a foraging expedition. Our men on signal station on Casey's Knob have just left mysteriously, and it is impossible to find out anything more definite.

GEORGE CADWALADER,

Major-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., August 5, 1864.

(Received 4.30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANON,

Secretary of War:

The enemy occupied Hagerstown this morning with the there regiments of infantry and two regiments of cavalry, of the approach of which I have already advised you.

GEORGE CADWALADER,

Major-General.

