
General, I am also requested to say that there is a battalion of convalescents belonging to the Sixth and Nineteenth Corps, perhaps some belonging to regiments in your division, at Convalescent Camp, south side of the Potomac.

HALLECK,

Major-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., August 6, 1864-7.30 p. m.

(Received 8.40 p. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Washington, D. C.:

I have the honor to report my command here. I find affairs somewhat confused, but will soon straighten them out. I have had a great many reports of the enemy's movements. There is not much doubt but that some cavalry and infantry marched from Sharpsburg toward Hagerstown this morning. I hope to be able to-morrow to get more definite information, and have ordered Colonel Lowell, with a portion of his command, to make a reconnaissance on the south side of the river in the direction of Martinsburg. I am anxiously awaiting the arrival of General Torbert's command. General Averell has all the cavalry that belongs here and is following up the enemy from Springfield in the direction of Moorfield. I have no good reason to think that the enemy reported as going toward Hagerstown is formidable.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

MONOCACY, August 6, 1864-12.30 a. m.

Major-General EMORY:

Move with your whole corps at daylight to Halltown. The Sixth Corps will embark to-night to join you. Until further orders [wait] at Halltown.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Halltown, Va., August 6, 1864.

Captain BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General to General Hunter:

The advance of my column reached here early this morning, and now, at 9 a. m., my whole command is up. My cavalry will be here in two hours. I have not heard anything of my artillery or wagons, but suppose they have been ordered forward. Nothing definite of the enemy.

W. H. EMORY,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Halltown, Va., August 6, 1864.

Major-General HUNTER,

Commanding:

A cavalry patrol sent to Charlestown has returned without [meeting] any enemy. As far as Colonel Jones, who commanded the patrol,

