HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,

McConnellsburg, Pa., August 6, 1864.

Major General D. HUNTER,

Comdg. Dept. of West Virginia, Monocacy Junction, Md.,:

SIR: I learned this morning that the rebel force which crossed at Williamsport yesterday were moving in this direction. To-day I moved to this point hoping to strike their flank or head them off. To-night I learn from the signal officer at Fairview, Md., that the rebels are recrossing the Potomac. The force crossed yesterday is estimated at some 800 cavalry, 6,000 infantry, some artillery, and 200 or 300 wagons. If I find they are positively retreating I shall return to Hancock to-morrow. My men have been without rations two days. Hope to obtain at Hancock. If you have any orders for me, send here to-morrow morning.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. N. DUFFIE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

HANCOCK, August 6, 1864.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY,

Commanding, Cumberland, Md.:

The enemy have positively crossed, and are camped this side of the river near Williamsport. Their cavalry are advancing toward Mercersburg; their infantry on the Boonsborough road. I must have some rations for my men; send them to me immediately if possible; can do nothing without rations. I will send you my wagon train with my led horses. I do not know the number of the enemy, but they are reported strong, say, 7,000 or 8,000.

A. N. DUFFIE,

Brigadier-General.

SPRINGFIELD, August 6, 1864.

Major-General HUNTER,

Commanding Department of West Virginia:

Received your dispatch of the 4th instant.* Enemy gone toward Moorfield. Lost 100 horses yesterday broken down; have 1,600 left. Enemy has double that number. I will follow and fight him if he stands if it kills every horse and man in the command; but it cannot be expected that I can overtake him if he chooses to keep away. Enemy says re-enforcements will join him at Moorefield.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

SPRINGFIELD, August 6, 1864.

(Received 11.35 a. m.)

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY:

Your dispatch dated yesterday was received at 6 a. m. to-day. Train arrived late in the night. About 100 horses were lost yesterday by breaking down. They cannot march long without rest or change

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

