
October 20 to 31.-Remained in our old camps.

November 1 to 8.-Remained in camp at Cedar Creek, Va.

November 9.-Broke camp at an early hour and marched with the corps to Kernstown and encamped.

November 10 and 11.-The enemy made a strong demonstration in our front, but not effecting anything they withdrew.

During the remainder of the month the division remained quietly in camp, nothing occurring worthy of note.

December 3.-The division broke camp near Kernstown, Va., and marched to Stephenson's Depot; took the cars for Washington.

December 4.-Arrived at Washington and took passage on transports.

December 5 and 6.-Arrived at City Point.

First Brigade, Third Division.

August 1.-The brigade was stationed at Frederick, Md.

August 3.-Marched to Buckeystown, Md.

August 5.-Marched to Monocacy Junction, Md.; at which place took cars to Harper's Ferry.

August 10.-Commenced marching up the Shenandoah Valley, going as far as Strasburg.

August 16.-Commenced falling back; at Charlestown halted a few days.

August 21.-Engaged with the enemy; our loss 2 killed and 10 wounded. In the night fell back to vicinity of Bolivar Heights, where we remained until the 28th, when we again advanced toward Charlestown. Our situation at present [31st] is on the pike between Smithfield and Charlestown, about three miles from the latter place.

[September.]-Nothing of importance occurred the first two weeks of the present month, the brigade remaining in camp near Clifton, Va.

September 19.-At 2.30 a. m. the brigade, in conjunction with the whole army, moved in the direction of the Opequon Creek. The enemy were met immediately after crossing the stream, and at 11.40 a. m. the enemy's lines were assaulted, and after a desperate battle the enemy were routed in the greatest confusion, we capturing several guns and many prisoners. The enemy retreated in great disorder to Fisher's Hill.

September 22.-Fought them again at Fisher's Hill, completely routing the whole of Early's army. Our loss in the two above engagements was very severe, amounting in killed and wounded to 257, including 3 officers killed and 17 wounded. We followed the retreating enemy up the Valley to Mount Crawford.

September 30.-Moved back to Harrisonburg, where the brigade is now encamped.

October 6.-Remained at Harrisonburg from the 1st of the month up to the present date, when at 6 a. m. we broke camp and proceeded down the Valley; passed New Market in the evening and camped.

October 7.-Marched to Woodstock.

October 8.-Marched to Strasburg and encamped.

October 10.-Moved toward Front Royal, passing through Middletown.

October 14.-At 3.30 a. m. returned to Middletown and encamped, where we remained until the morning of the 19th.

October 19.-About 5 a. m. were aroused by heavy firing in our front, and it soon became apparent that the enemy were making a desperate attack on our front and left flank. They succeeded in driving the

