
HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA, August 7, 1864-2 p. m.

(Received 2.30 p. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Washington, D. C.:

I am well satisfied that there is no large force of the enemy north of the Potomac. Early crossed the river and took dinner at Sharpsburg, but returned immediately to Winchester. The enemy are collecting wheat about Sharpsburg. I have thought it best to let them go on until I can get Torbert's division here, then I will strike for Winchester, which is the key, and pick up the parties on the north side of the Potomac.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., August 7, 1864-8 p. m.

(Received 8.45 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The evidence which I have this evening is conclusive that there is no rebel force north of the Potomac. A small force crossed and 300 cavalry made their way to Hagerstown; they recrossed yesterday evening at Williamsport. I think that it is probable that two or three regiments of infantry crossed to the north side on the 5th instant to make a diversion in favor of the force that Averell fell in with yesterday and this morning. The whole of Early's army was reported on the north side, but the report was untrue. A detachment of our cavalry has been in Hagerstown since 10 o'clock to-day. I shall move from here as soon as I can get another brigade of cavalry up here.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, No. 1. Harper's Ferry, W. Va., August 7, 1864.

The following-named officers are announced, until further orders, on the staff of the major-general commanding; they will by obeyed and respected accordingly: Inspector-general's department-Lieutenant Colonel James W. Forsyth, assistant inspector-general and chief of Staff; Major F. C. Newhall, aide-de-camp and acting assistant inspector-general; adjutant-general's department-Captain E. B. parsons, assistant adjutant-general; quartermaster's department-Captain A. J. McGonnigle, acting chief quartermaster; subsistence department-Captain William H. Hosack, acting chief commissary of subsistence; aides-de-camp-Captain M. W. Sheridan, aide-de-camp; Captain T. W. C. Moore, aide-de-camp; Captain Joseph O'Keeffe, aide-de-camp; Major G. A. Forsyth, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, acting aide-de-camp; Captain Crowninshield, First Massachusetts Cavalry, acting aide-de-camp.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

