
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, No. 2. Harper's Ferry, W. Va., August 7, 1864.

The following will be the amount of transportation allowed for the movement of troops of this command: Headquarters major-general commanding, two wagons and one spring wagon; headquarters of army corps, two wagons and one spring wagon; headquarters of division, two wagons and one spring wagon; headquarters of brigade, one wagon and one spring wagon; for infantry regiments, one wagon to each regiment; for batteries, two wagons for forage to a battery.

No other vehicles, excepting the ammunition wagons of the artillery, infantry, and those carrying the necessary entrenching tools, and ambulances and medical wagons will be allowed to accompany the troops. The foregoing transportation, which is to move with the troops, will be governed by the corps commanders.

The supply train will move under special instructions from these headquarters.

All wagons will be so loaded that in case of a move they will carry ten days' short forage for the teams.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 1. Harper's Ferry, W. Va., August 7, 1864.

I. In compliance with General Orders, No. 240, dated War Department, Washington, August 7, 1864, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the Middle Military Division, comprising the following military departments: Middle Department, Department of Washington, Department of the Susquehanna, Department of West Virginia.

II. Until further orders the headquarters of the Middle Military Division will be at Harper's Ferry.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

BLOODY RUN, August 7, 1864.

(Received 5 p. m.)

Colonel M. N. WISEWELL,

Military Governor:

Scouts at Hancock report rebels crossed river at Williamsport. Force not yet known. General Duffie, at Hancock, about to go to McConnellsburg.

J. R. O'BEIRNE.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Fort Buffalo, Va., August 7, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that a party of observation sent out from here, consisting of twenty men, was attacked by the enemy between 8 and 9 o'clock Friday evening in the vicinity of Frank-

46 R R-VOL XLIII, PT I

