
ville. It is thought by the officer in command that the attacking force was large. It was at first supposed that most of them were lost, but it has since proved that the officer in command gave the order for his meant to disperse into the woods, and the night being dark they all escaped and have found their way safely into camp. Our loss amounts to but three horses, two of which are known to be disabled. The party reports a force of from 500 to 600 men, consisting of Mosby's and White's battalions, Mosby in command, in the neighborhood of Leesburg, and there is a considerable amount of plunder at that place. Parties of observation are still out, having been sent toward Leesburg, toward Thoroughfare, and the gaps beyond. I have nothing to report from them; they have not been heard from.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Cavalry, Comdg. Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,August 7, 1864.

Captain LEIPER,

Commanding Detachment:

You will at once report, with your detachment, to Brigadier-General Merritt, commanding brigade near Sandy Hook.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. A. WHITTIER,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, August 7, 1864.

Major-General EMORY,

Commanding Nineteenth Corps:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of your note. I will send some cavalry to your front in the morning; meantime look out. The rebels have had no force of any moment on north side of Potomac, and what they had crossed at Williamsport yesterday. I have cavalry at Shepherdstown and shuts at Hagerstown. They all report the recrossing of the Potomac yesterday, and the force not large. Please send me all information you may be able to obtain, and oblige,

Yours, respectfully,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., August 7, 1864-10 p. m.

General CUSTER,

Comdg. Brigade Cavalry, Metropolitan Hotel, Washington, D. C.:

The general commanding directs that you join him at this place or wherever he may be with your command. You will move as soon and as rapidly as possible. General Howe, commanding at Harper's Ferry, will be able to inform you of the whereabouts of General Sheridan.

Answer.

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

