
watched over its interests with jealous care. May he who succeeds him, and the officers of this command, emulate his example and that of the gallant Lieutenant L. Clark, who fell at the head of his company at the same time.

The thanks of this brigade are especially due to the Third West Virginia Cavalry Regiment for their gallantry and bravery displayed in the charge across the South Branch of the Potomac River, near Moorefield, under a very heavy fire from the enemy's line of battle on the banks of the river in their front, and for the three successive charges made by them (in the second of which they lost their gallant commander), putting the enemy to flight in confusion to the mountains. May their efforts and success on that occasion stimulate them to more daring and nobler deeds in the future.

The thanks of the brigade are also due to the First West Virginia Cavalry for the timely support given to the Third West Virginia Cavalry at a time when the enemy seemed conscious of our weakness, and attempted to rally their forces and to repel the advance of our lines, and for its joint operation with the Third Virginia Cavalry, driving the enemy into the mountains for a distance of twelve miles, killing, wounded, and capturing many, also capturing one battle-flag and two pieces of artillery. Thanks are also due to this First New York (Lincoln) Cavalry, commanded by Captain Jones, for the support rendered in operating on our right, driving three times its number before it in utter route, while the First Virginia Cavalry and the Third Virginia Cavalry were driving the enemy on our left. The Second Regiment Virginia Volunteer Cavalry, having been held back by the general commanding as a support for the battery, was not engaged. The colonel commanding desires to compliment in the highest terms the conduct of the entire brigade in saying: that you were called upon to fight twice your number; you fought well, and gave the enemy a severe whipping, driving him from his position, his guns, and from his battle-flag, because we were united and made the attack fully determined to "conquer or die."

W. H. POWELL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

CUMBERLAND, August 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN,

Oakland:

The following just received.* I am very much gratified. I wish to see you before you go. Will try to go up to-morrow or next day. Scouts report that Averell overtook the enemy and captured all his artillery and 500 prisoners.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, No. 197. Baltimore, August 8, 1864.

* * * * *

5. Captain T. M. Bartholomew, commanding detachment Twelfth Maryland Infantry (100-days' service), having reported to these headquarters,
---------------

*See paragraph 5, Special Orders, No. 146, Department of West Virginia, August 6, 1864, p. 709.

---------------

