
in obedience to orders of Major W. S. Harlan, One hundred and fifty-ninth Ohio National Guard, commanding Camp Bradford, is hereby ordered to return to Camp Bradford and await further orders.

Captain Bartholomee will make requisition at once for arms and accouterments, sixty rounds of ammunition per man, and all authorized articles needed for field service.

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARRISBURG, August 8, 1864-9.30 p. m.

(Received 1.30 a. m. 9th)

Major T. M. VINCENT:

I don't think that 500 men have responded to the Government's call, and doubt if 3,000 will. Men have organized for home defense at York, Carlisle, Altoona, Johnstown, Harrisburg, &amp;c. I ordered all ablebodied citizens of Alleghany County to be enrolled. Don't believe they would come into this valley in any ordinary emergency. Have made no call under this proclamation of the Governor. Am not raising men for Federal or State service, unless my appeal to border counties is so construed. It is understood that Colonel Crosman was only notified to have clothing for 15,000 ready, when Breckinridge was supposed to be moving west. My calls, &c., will be sent by mail. I think the people are waiting to see what the Legislature will do.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, August 9, 1864-12 m.

(Received 10 p. m.)

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Harper's Ferry:

Information derived from deserters, refugees, and a man sent from here to Richmond, all corroborating, locate every division and brigade of Hill, Longstreet, and Beuregard's forces. Not one brigade has been sent from here. I shall endeavor to hold them, and rather create a tendency to draw from your front than allow them to re-enforce.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., August 9, 1864-8.30 p. m.

(Received 9 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I will move from Halltown up the Valley. Early broke up his camp at Bunker Hill on last Friday and drew in the small detachments he had at Williamsport and the 300 cavalry which went as far as Hagerstown. He learned that General Grant was at Monocacy and that I was in command of a large force. He moved from Bunker Hill to North Mountain Station and was sending stock up Back Creek Valley. I

47 R R-VOL XLIII, PT I

