
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 9. Harper's Ferry, W. Va., August 9, 1864.

During the temporary absence in the field of the major-general commanding, the office of this military division at Harper's Ferry will be in charge of Captain T. Melvin, assistant adjutant-general, and all communications from headquarters not moving in the field will be sent to him at this point until further orders.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

E. B. PARSONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 3. Harper's Ferry, W. Va., August 9, 1864.

1. Major General Julius Stahel is hereby relieved from duty in the Department of Western Virginia, and will report in person for orders to Major General L. Wallace, commanding Middle Department.

* * * * *

3. Brevet Major General George Crook, in addition to his present command of the Army of Western Virginia, will, during the temporary absence of Major General D. Hunter, assume command of the Department of West Virginia.

4. First Lieutenant John R. Meigs, Engineer Corps, having reported to these headquarters for orders, will report to Brevet Major General George Crook, commanding Department of Western Virginia, for assignment to duty.

* * * * *

8. Brigadier General Max Weber, commanding Military Department of Harper's Ferry, will retain of the artillery now at this place six complete batteries for the garrison of this point. All surplus artillery will be at once sent to Washington, D. C. The officers commanding batteries sent to Washington will on the arrival at that point report to Brigadier-General, chief of artillery, U. S. Army.

9. The Third Regiment Pennsylvania Cavalry, now under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, will be dismounted, under the supervision of Cap. E. V. Sumner, First U. S. Cavalry, and the horses, arms, equipments and transportation will be turned over to the dismounted men belonging to this military division. As soon as the regiment is dismounted and the property properly disposed of, Lieutenant-Colonel Jones will proceed with them men to Washington, D. C., and report to Major-General Augur to be mustered out. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

E. B. PARSONS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,

Harper's Ferry, W. Va., August 9, 1864.

I. The command, now at or near Halltown, will move to-morrow morning in the following order, and at the following hours:

II. At 4 o'clock General Torbert will move his cavalry command from its present position near Charlestown, via Summit Point, and along the western base of Limestone Ridge, until he arrive at the intersec-

