
tion of the pike from Millwood to Winchester with the pike from Millwood to White Post. In this movement General Torbert will send out strong parties to the crossings of Opequon Creek, and will leave Colonel Lowell's command at Summit Point with directions to report to the major-general commanding through a staff officer. After arriving at the above-named intersection, the movements of the cavalry will be in compliance with special instructions furnished from these headquarters. General Torbert will be required to send frequent reports of the position of the enemy, and information obtained, to the major-general commanding.

III. The Sixth Corps will move at 5 o'clock from its present camp, via a dirt road on the north side of the Berryville pike, until it reaches Clifton, where it will take position unless otherwise ordered. General Wright will communicate all information obtained of the enemy's movements to the major-general commanding.

IV. The Nineteenth Corps will move at 5 o'clock by the Berryville pike, until it arrives at the intersection of the pike or road from Clifton with the Berryvile pike, about one mile and a half or two miles from Berryville, where it will the position, unless otherwise ordered, and open communication with General Wright at Clifton. General Emory will communication all information obtained of the enemy's movements to the major-general commanding.

V. The Army of Western Virginia, Brevet Major-General Crook commanding, will move at 5 o'clock on a dirt road on the left of the Berryville pike, via Kabletown, until it arrives at Berryville, where it will take position, unless otherwise ordered, and open communication with General Emory at a point near Berryville. General Crook will communicate all information obtained of the enemy's movements to the major-general commanding.

VI. The transportation permitted by General Orders, No. 2, to accompany the troops, will be subject to the orders of corps commanders.

VII. The subsistence trains which have been parked near Bolivar Heights will remain there until otherwise ordered from these headquarters.

VIII. The brigade of General Kenly, now attacked to the Nineteenth Corps, is hereby detached from that corps and will remain in camp at Halltown, but will be held in readiness to move on orders from these headquarters.

IX. The headquarters of the major-general commanding will be with the Nineteenth Corps, on the Berryville pike.

By command of Major General P. H. Sheridan:

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., August 9, 1864-8 p. m.

(Received 8.40 p. m.)

Major General C. C. AUGUR,

Washington:

Will you have the kindness to hurry General Wilson up and get him started out as soon as possible? I have no important news to communicate. Have heard nothing from Mosby to-day. The small detachments that Early had about Williamsport and Shepherdstown were drawn in, and from the best information that I have, he broke up his camp

