
MUDDY BRANCH, August 9, 1864.

Major C. H. RAYMOND:

All quiet on my line up to this time. Considerable cavalry seen over the river opposite right of my line yesterday. Contents of the general's dispatch* known the length of my line before daylight and all upon the alert.

J. M. WAITE,

Major, &amp;c.

ALEXANDRIA, August 9, 1864.

(Received 10 a. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: About forty guerrillas attacked my pickets near the telegraph road last night at 11 o'clock. Charged on a small reserve and captured two horses and two men of the Sixteenth New York. They then retreated toward Burke's Station. I am not yet satisfied that the officer in charge of the picket or the men composing the reserve did their duty, but am investigating and shall report to-day.

Respectfully,

H. H. WELLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., August 9, 1864.

(Received 8.50 p. m.)

Lieutenant-Colonel TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I learn that yesterday about 4 o'clock Mosby attacked about sixty of the Sixteenth New York Cavalry near Fairfax Station and whipped them badly. Some six or eight only have thus far returned to their camp.

H. H. WELLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &c.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Falls Church, Va., August 9, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that two parties sent out from this command, consisting of thirty men each, met yesterday afternoon at Fairfax Station, and that while united and acting together were attacked by a force of rebels, variously estimated at from forty to fifty men, and were completely dispersed and routed. Citizens agree in reporting that Mosby himself was in command of the rebels. So far as known our loss is as follows: Captain J. H. Fleming, Sixteenth New York Cavalry, missing; thirty-three men missing; thirty-nine horses missing. The number of these killed and wounded is not yet known. Captain Fleming, who, at the time of the attack, had command of the party, is reported killed; no other officers are lost. I have nothing to

---------------

*See Augur to Waite, August 8, p. 729.

---------------

