
report except disgraceful mismanagement and consequent complete rout of our men, and a second Aldie disaster. A board of investigation has been called to ascertain who is responsible, and examine into and report upon the facts in the case; it will be forwarded with a complete statement in regard to the affair as soon as possible. A strong party was sent out this morning to the scene of the disaster to pick up stragglers and what wounded men could be found. Nothing has been heard from the force sent above Leesburg; they had orders to communicate any intelligence of importance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Cavalry, Comdg. Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,August 9, 1864.

Captain E. B. PARSONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Middle Military Division:

SIR: In obedience to order I have the honor to submit the following field return:

Present for duty

Command	 Officers	 Men	 Aggregate

First Division	 246	 4,601	 4,847

Second Division	 218	 3,851	 4,069

Third Division	 158	 2,632	 2,790

Artillery	 27	 709	 736

Total	 649	 11,793	 12,442

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

August 9, 1864.

The corps will move to-morrow at 5 a. m., via a dirt road on the north side of the Berryville pike, to Clifton. A guide will be sent from these headquarters to Brigadier-General Ricketts, commanding the leading division, to indicate the road to be taken and to accompany him. The following will be the order of march: first, Third Division; second, First Division; third, Reserve artillery, and the transportation allowed by General Orders, No. 2, headquarters U. S. Forces, with the exception of wagons for regimental baggage, which will be sent to the supply train; fourth, Second Division. The ambulances will accompany the divisions to which they belong.

Division commanders will send a staff officer to these headquarters to-night for the corps' time.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

