
be good enough to inform [me] when you will be able to move with your division, and if there is anything I can do to facilitate your preparations.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General, Commanding.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., August 9, 1864.

(Received 11.14 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I have leave of absence for twenty days from General Sheridan. Please telegraph me at Barnum's Hotel, Baltimore, permission to visit my family in Washington.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 9, 1864-12.11 p. m.

Major-General HUNTER,

Barnum's Hotel, Baltimore:

You have permission to visit Washington.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, No. 65. In the Field, August 9, 1864.

In accordance with Special Orders, No. 3, from headquarters Middle Military Division, the undersigned assumes temporary command of the Department of West Virginia. All communications for these headquarters will be sent to Harper's Ferry until further orders.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF HARPER'S FERRY,Harper's Ferry, Va., August 9, 1864.

Captain PARSONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Middle Military Division:

CAPTAIN: After confusion with engineer officers regarding the railroad bridge, I have ascertained and have the honor to report that the bridge will be completed and ready for the passage of troops and trains within three days. Such necessary materials as are wanting have been ordered by telegram and are expected here daily. Permit me to state that in my opinion a good pontoon bridge is very necessary, in addition to the railroad bridge, and for the reason that the railroad bridge is not reliable in case of high water. On two occasions since I have been in command here the trestle-work of the railroad bridge has been swept away, the river rising after heavy rains. In such case it is impossible to commence rebuilding until low water, and after the water has fallen two days' time at least is required to put the bridge in

