
October 20 to 31.-Nothing of importance happened. Still remain in camp.

November 1 to 8.-Were encamped near Middletown, Va.

November 9.-Marched with the corps to vicinity of Kernstown, Va.; took position a short distance west of the village.

November 10 to 30.-Much time was spent in drilling recruits and in erecting fortifications. No event of importance transpired during the month.

Third Brigade, Third Division.

December 1 and 2.-The brigade was encamped near Kernstown, Va.

December 3.-Broke camp at 8 a. m. and marched with the division to Stephenson's Depot, where the troops were shipped on cars.

December 4.-Arrived in Washington and embarked on transports.

December 5 and 6.-The command reached City Point and were conveyed to the front by cars.

DETACHMENT NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS.*

September 1.-The corps was in camp near Charlestown, W. Va., where it remained until the 3rd.

September 3.-Moved to a position near Berryville, Va., where it remained, performing the ordinary camp duties, until the 19th.

September 19.-At 2 a. m. the corps marched, via Berryville and Winchester pike, across the Opequon and went into position on the right of the Sixth Corps. (For report of the operations of the Nineteenth Corps in the engagement of Winchester attention is invited to my report of October 3, forwarded to the adjutant-general of the Middle Military Division.+)

September 26.-Marched to a position across Cedar Creek, near Strasburg.

September 21.-Moved the corps to the right of its position of the 20th.

September 22.-Moved to the right and front of the position of the 21st. (For report of the operations of the corps in the engagement of this date at Fisher's Hill, Va., attention is invited to report of October 3, forwarded to the adjutant-general of the Middle Military Division.+) Pursued the enemy, the Nineteenth Corps in advance, to Woodstock, where the corps arrived about 4 a. m. of the 23rd.

September 23.-At 12 m. marched to a position beyond Edenburg.

September 24.-Marched to a position near New Market.

September 25.-Marched to Harrisonburg, Nineteenth Corps in advance, skirmishing briskly with the enemy. Remained at Harrisonburg until the 29th.

September 29.-At 5 a. m. marched to Mount Crawford.

September 30.-Returned to Harrisonburg.

First Brigade, First Division.

The brigade was in camp near Charlestown, W. Va., at the time of making last return [August 31], behind rifle-pits.

September 3.-Marched to near Berryville, and out on the Summit Point pike; nine miles.

September 4.-Built works.

---------------

*Commanded by Brevet Major General William H. Emory.

+See p. 279.

---------------

