SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS,No. 198. Baltimore, August 9, 1864.

* * * *

5. The several companies of the seventh Regiment Delaware Volunteer Militia (thirty-days' service) will be relieved from duty by other troops of the Third Separate Brigade and ordered to report to the commanding officer at Wilmington to be mustered out and paid off at the expiration of their term of service in accordance with the mustering regulations of the army. Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood is charged with the execution of this order.

* * * *

9. In accordance with orders from the War Department, the Sixtieth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Militia (100-days' service), Colonel A. D. Wass commanding, will be put en route at once to report to the commanding officer at Indianapolis, Ind. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation. Brigadier-General Lockwood is charged with the execution of this order.

10. In accordance with orders from the War Department, the One hundred and ninety-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteer Militia (100-days' service), Colonel J. B. Clark commanding, will be ut en route at once to report to the commanding officer at Johnson's Island, Ohio. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation. Brigadier-General Lockwood is charged with the execution of this order.

11. In accordance with orders from the War Department, the One Hundred and ninety-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteer Militia (100-days' service), Colonel J. R. Haslett commanding, will be put en route at once to report to the commanding officer at Rock Island, Ill. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation. Brigadier-General Lockwood is charged with the execution of this order.

12. In accordance with orders from the War Department, the One hundred and ninety-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteer Militia (100-days' service), Colonel Harmanus Neff commanding, will be put en route at once to report to the commanding officer at Chicago, Ill. the quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation. Brigadier-General Lockwood is charged with the execution of this order.

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE CHAMBER,

Harrisburg, August 9, 1864.

TO THE SENATE AND HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA:

GENTLEMEN: I have called you together in advance of your adjourned session for the purpose of taking some action for the defense of the State. From the commencement of the present rebellion Pennsylvania has done her whole duty to the Government. Lying, as her southern counties do, in the immediate vicinity of the border, and thus exposed to sudden invasion, a selfish policy would have led her to retain a sufficient part of her military force for her own defense. In so doing she

