
in Pennsylvania, Maryland, and at Washington and its vicinity, it is hard to perceive.

On the suggestion made by citizens of the border counties the following communication, dated July 22, 1864, was made by Major-General Couch to the Secretary of War:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,Harrisburg, Pa., July 22, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: During the recent raid into Maryland the citizens of Chambersburg turned out with a determination to stand by the few soldiers present and hold the town against any cavalry force that might assail it. Five hundred citizens of York, irrespective of party, volunteered, were armed, and went down the Northern Central Railroad to guard the bridges or hold their town. This is stated in order to show your that the "border citizens" are beginning to fealize that by a united action they have the strength to protect themselves a against an ordinary raiding party. Inclosed I invite your attention to a letter addressed to the Governor, together with his indorsement, upon the subject of forming a special corps from the six border counties most exposed.

If 10,000 men can thus be organized, its existence would be a protection and give confidence.

I am informed that the general sentiment of the people in question is in favor of something being done at once, and, as a military measure, think it will be of essential something being done at once, and, as a military measure, think it will be of essential service to the General Government, and recommend that the War Department encourage the movement by authorizing the loan or issue of uniforms, provided the law in question is enacted.

It is believed that the new militia law of this State will practically prove of no value, excepting that an enrollment will probably be made.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,Harrisburg, Pa., August 4, 1864.

A true copy.

Respectfully furnished for the information of His Excellency Governor A. G. Curtin.

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

On the same day I approved, in writing, of the proposition and expressed my opinion that the Legislature would pass an act in accordance with it at its adjourned session on the 23rd of August. I am furnished with an official copy of the following reply, dated August 1, 1864, to the proposition of General Couch:

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 1, 1864.

Major General D. N. COUCH,

Commanding, &amp;c., Harrisburg, Pa.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 22nd of July relative to the United States providing uniforms for a "special corps" of militia from certain border counties of Pennsylvania.

In reply I am directed to inform you that the subject has been carefully considered by the Secretary of War, who cannot sanction the issue of the clothing in question.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTEERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,

Harrisburg, Pa., August 6, 1864.

A true copy.

Respectfully furnished for the information of His Excellency Governor A. G. Curtin.

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

