
As the omission of Congress to act on this subject involved an unprecedented disregard of the good faith of the national authorities, I recommend that the Legislature take measures for procuring an appropriation at the next session of Congress.

The revenue bill passed at the last session has been found to be defective in several points, and I recommend a careful and immediate revision of it.

The bounty bill passed at the last session is found to be defective and unjust in many of its provisions, and from the manner in which it is administered in some parts of the State oppressive on the people, I, therefore, recommend a careful revision of it.

As the present session has been called for the consideration of matters of vital public importance, I commend them to your earnest and exclusive attention.

A. G. CURTIN.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, No. 183. Harrisburg, Pa., August 9, 1864.

* * * *

5. All mounted and dismounted cavalry, belonging to Brigadier-General Averell's command of the Department of West Virginia, in the Brandywine District, will be sent without delay to Harper's Ferry, W. Va., under command of their own officers, and in case there are none, officers and a suitable guard will be detailed to take charge of them. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major-General Couch:

J. S. SHULTZE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, August 10, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

General Augur has shown me your telegram* about General Grover's command. It was directed by General Grant that this command garrison Washington, until other troops could be sent here for that purpose.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., August 10, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

Major Kellogg, commissary of subsistence, U. S. Army, will be ordered to report to you, as requested in your telegram of the 9th instant.

J. A. HARDIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.

---------------

*See Sheridan to Augur, p. 761.

---------------

