
III. The Nineteenth Corps will move at 5 o'clock on the Berryville pike until it reaches Berryville, when it will move on the Millwood pike for the distance of a mile, then turn to the right and move in the direction of Opequon Creek and parallel to the Berryville and Winchester pike, striking a dirt road leading to Opequon Creek. If it meets the enemy it will drive him across the creek and secure the crossing.

IV. The command of General Crook will move at 5 o'clock across the country until it strikes the Millwood pike beyond the point where the Nineteenth Corps turns to the right, when it will march out the millwood pike a mile and a half beyond when the Nineteenth Corps leaves said pike, and then turn to the right until it reaches a dirt road which leads to a crossing of Opequon Creek. If it meets any enemy in this movement it will drive him across the creek and secure the crossing.

V. The cavalry force under command of Brigadier-General Torbert, excepting the brigade of Colonel Lowell, will move at 5 o'clock toward Winchester up the Millwood and Winchester pike until it reaches the crossing of Opequon Creek. If it meets any enemy in the movement it will drive him across the creek, secure the crossing,and open communication with the left of General Crook's command.

VI. If, on arriving at Opequon Creek, no enemy is found the whole cavalry force, excepting Colonel Lowell's command, will march in the direction of Stephensburg and secure that point if possible. If it is fund that the enemy has gone up the Valley from Winchester, the entire infantry force will march in the direction of Stephensburg to support the cavalry.

VII. In case that the enemy's infantry has moved from the position occupied this p. m., Colonel Lowell's command will move across the country, via Limestone Ridge, until it reaches the dirt road that leads from Clifton to Winchester, when it will move up that road to the crossing of Opequon Creek, opening communication with the right of the Sixth corps, which will be at or near the crossing of Opequon Creek, on the Berryville and Winchester pike.

VIII. The general commanding especially requires of General Torbert that he threaten the road from Winchester to Strasburg, and ascertain if possible if there are any movements from Winchester up the Valley, and report fully all information obtained.

IX. In the parallel movement of the corps to-morrow, corps commanders will keep open communication with each other, and in case of being engaged with the enemy on this side of Opequon Creek, they will close in to the right in line of battle.

X. The transportation permitted by General Orders, No. 2, will be subject to orders of corps commanders.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Harper's Ferry, August 10, 1864. (Received 8.50 a. m.)

Major General C. C. AUGUR,

Commanding Department of Washington:

Send the balance of the Nineteenth Army Corps now in Washington to Harper's Ferry. Direct General Grover to report his arrival to me here by letter.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

