
HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., August 10, 1864-10 a. m.

(Received 10.10 a. m.)

Major General C. C. AUGUR,

Washington, D. C.:

General Sheridan has ordered concentration of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry at Muddy Branch to picket the river from Mocacy to Washington. The river is well guarded from the mouth of the Monocacy to Harper's Ferry. Lowell has been attached (commanding a brigade) to Torbert's division. He carries the Second Massachusetts Cavalry with him. General Sheridan desire Wilson's division to organize and move as soon as practicable. I leave here at 1 p. m. to-day. Captain Melvin, assistant adjutant-general, is left here in charge of the office-headquarters Middle Military Division. General Weber in command of defenses of Harper's Ferry.

J. H. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Falls Church, Va., August 10, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that since last evening's report the following wounded from the disaster at Fairfax Station have been brought in: Thirteenth New York Cavalry, five; Sixteenth New York Cavalry, three. Five men are known to have been killed, but their regiment cannot be ascertained, as they were buried before out relieving party reached them. Captain J. H. Fleming, Sixteenth New York Cavalry, in command, was killed. His body was found by the roadside, stripped of much of its clothing, and was brought int camp last evening and buried this morning in the old church yard at Falls Church. Captain McMenamin, Thirteenth New York Cavalry, had three balls through his clothing and a slight skin wound in the knee. A full report of the affair will be sent to-morrow. Nothing has been heard from a party of thirty men sent to Leesburg on Sunday last, and nothing from the party sent to reconnoiter in vicinity of Goose Creek.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Cavalry, Comdg. Cavalry Brigade.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

August 10, 1864.

In accordance with orders from headquarters Middle Military Division, this corps will be held in readiness to move to-morrow at 5 a. m. Special instruction in regard to the movement will be sent to-night, as soon as received from headquarters Middle Military Division.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. A. WHITTIER,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

