
ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,

August 10, 1864.

1. All commanders will habitually remain with their division, brigade, or regiment, as the case may be, on the march and in camp, and not leave them except upon permission from the corps commander, approved by the intermediate.

2. The habitual order of march, unless otherwise ordered, will be to march one hour and halt ten minutes, and whenever a halt is made regiments of each brigade will double up in parallel columns and the ambulances, artillery, and wagons will habitually go into park to the right or left of the road if practicable, the object being to shorten the distance between the rear and head of column.

3. Whenever convenient the troops, instead of being marched upon the dusty road, will be marched upon the right and left of the road, and a staff officer will precede each column with instructions to have all obstructions removed.

4. Whenever a fordable stream is to be crossed the men will be marched directly through without breaking step or column.

5. Canteens will be habitually filled in the morning before starting on a march and at the noon halt.

6. Division commanders will be held responsible for the execution of this order.

By command of Brevet Major-General Emory:

DUNCAN S. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,August 10, 1864-11.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General MCINTOSH,

Commanding First Brigade, Third Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: You will detail two squadrons of your command to move at once as far as Great Falls, where they will find pontoon-boats, which they will escort be the line of the canal to Beer line or Harper's Ferry. The escort will there rejoin the division at or near Major-General Sheridan's headquarters.

By commanding Brigadier-General Wilson:

L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, August 10, 1864.

Brigadier-General DUFFIE,

Hancock:

It is rumored that our troops occupy Martinsburg. Will you send a cavalry scout via Cherry Run to Hedgesville and ascertain if this is so. I wish to send down the timbers and a force to repair Back Creek bridge if Martinsburg is occupied.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

