HDQRS. FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADIER, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Relay House, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, August 10, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel LYNDE CALTIN,

Assistant Inspector General, Eighth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of location, condition, &amp;c., of the various organizations of the First Separate Brigade, consisting of six companies of the First Regiment Eastern Shore Maryland Volunteers, eight companies of Eleventh Maryland Infantry, five companies Ninety-third New York State National Guard, One hundred and ninety-fifth Regiment (Pennsylvania) Volunteers detachment of the One hundred and forty-fourth and One hundred and forty-ninth Ohio State National Guard; Company F, One hundred and forty-fourth Ohio State National Guard; Company A, First New Jersey State Militia; detachment Eighth Illinois Cavalry; detachment First Delaware Cavalry, and Rank's (Pennsylvania) battery. These troops are distributed along the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad as follows: Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, Relay House, brigade headquarters. Fort Dix, Company A, First New Jersey Militia, 76. Relay House, five companies Ninety-third New York State National Guard, 193; two sections Battery H, Third Pennsylvania artillery, 80; detachment One hundred and forty-fourth and One hundred and forty-ninth Ohio National Guard, 28. Fort Dix, detachment Eighth and Ninth New York Heavy Artillery, 29. Annapolis Junction (Washington Branch), Company F, One hundred and forty-fourth Ohio State National Guard, 72. Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, Elysville, detachment One hundred and forty-fourth Ohio State National Guard, 60. Mount Airy, five companies Eleventh Maryland Infantry, 327. Monrovia, three companies and headquarters Eleventh Maryland Infantry, 137; detachment First Delaware. Cavalry, 202. Monocacy Junction; One hundred and ninety-fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, 860; six companies first Eastern Shore Maryland Volunteers, 431; detachment Eighth Illinois Cavalry, 128; one section Battery H, Third Pennsylvania Artillery, 45.

These detachments are all in good order, considering that they are nearly all new troops and their term of service is so short, but they are very deficient in drill and under poor discipline. This is owing, an a great measure, to the detached condition of the command, and also to the officers, who are not at all well instructed in their duties. This is not the case with the Eighth Illinois Cavalry, First Delaware Cavalry, Ranks' battery, and First Eastern Shore Maryland Volunteers. These troops are well organized and able to perform good service. The hospital department of the various detachment is in bad condition, there not being sufficient medical officers to give proper attention to the sick. Since last report Rank's (Pennsylvania) battery, One hundred and ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and detachment of First Delaware Cavalry have been assigned to the command. Captain McNulty, with detachment of First and Twenty-first New York Cavalry, has been ordered to report to Major-General Hunteer. The general commanding is constantly engaged visiting the detachments, paying every attention to their wants, and using every endeavor to bring the troops to a proper degree of discipline and drill.

I am, colonel, with respect, your most obedient servant,

FRANCIS I. D. WEBB,

Captain and Acting Assistant Inspector-General.

