
MONOCACY BRIDGE, August 10, 1864.

Major-General WALLACE:

The only troops at Relay House that can be used to relieve the New Jersey men are the Ninety-third New York. Shall I directed them to garrison the fort or send a company from here? Rumors of rebels, but our scouts have seen none for past two days. Will you send the two companies of Eleventh Maryland now in Baltimore to Monrovia? I think that post should be strengthened. I will name an officer to-morrow for Twelfth Maryland. They should be stationed at Hood's Mill.

E. B. TYLER,

Brigadier-General.

BALTIMORE, August 10, 1864.

Brigadier General E. B. TYLER,

Monocacy Bridg, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad:

If you can spare a company send it to Fort Dix; if not, put in some of the Ninety-third New York, and send a content officer to command. Will try and send you the two companies of the Eleventh Maryland. The Twelfth Maryland is nearly ready to move.

By command, &amp;c.:

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, No. 199. Baltimore, August 10, 1864.

1. Paragraph 10, Special Ordes, No. 198, headquarters Middle Department, is hereby revoked. The One hundred and ninety-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteer Militia (100-days' service), Colonel John B. Clark commanding, will continue to report to Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood, commanding third Separate Brigade.

2. In accordance with order from the War Department the One hundred and ninety-second Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteer Militia (100-days' service), Colonel W. B. Thomas commanding, will be put en route at once to report to the commanding officer at Johnson's Island, Ohio. the quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation. Brevet Brigadier General W. W. Morris is charged with the execution of this order.

* * * *

6. Company A, Second Delaware Cavalry (thirty-days' service), Captain Robert Milligan commanding, will be put en route without delay to march to Wilmington, Del., to report to Major H. B. Judd, commanding at that post, there to be mustered out and paid off at the expiration of their term of service, in accordance with the mustering regulations of the army. Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood is charged with the execution of this order.

* * * *

8. The Fifth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry, Colonel G. H. Pierson commanding, is hereby transferred from the Third Separate Brigade to the Second Separate Brigade, and will report to Brevet Brigadier General W. W. Morris, without delay.

