
9. Company A, First New Jersey State Militia (thirty-days' service), Captain R. H. Lee commanding, will be put en route to report to the commanding officer at Trenton, N. J., there to be mustered out and paid off at the expiration of their term of service, in accordance with the mustering regulations of the army. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation. Brigadier General E. B. Tyler is charged with the execution of this order.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BOSTON, August 10, 1864.

(Received 3.30 p. m.)

General J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

General Dix has requested me to keep the forts in Boston Harbor and our other ports ont he coast fully garrisoned. For this purpose fourteen companies are required. Since the withdrawal of the heavy artillery they have been garrisoned by three-months' militia, who no sooner become accustomed the their duties than they are discharged. I desire authority to recruit fourteen companies of volunteers for one year on the same terms that one-year regiments were authorized, said companies for service at these posts.

JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts.

CITY POINT, VA., August 11, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I think it but a just reward for services already rendered that General Sherman be now appointed a major-general, W. S. Hancock, and Sheidan brigadiers in the Regular Army. There are three vacancies for major-generals and one for brigadier-general and Sherman's promotion would make the second. All these officers have proven their worthiness for this advancement. I would also recommend the promotion of Brigadier-General Mower to fill the vacant volunteer major-generalship that would thus be created.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[AUGUST 11, 1864.-For Sheridan to Halleck, reporting operations, &amp;c., see p. 17.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,

On Opequon Creek, August 11, 1864.

Corps and other independent commanders will have their commands in readiness to move at 5 a. m. to-morrow. Further special instructions will be sent to them during the night.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

F. C. NEWHALL,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

