
HANCOCK, MD., August 11, 1864.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY,

Cumberland:

General Sheridan has directed the detachment of the Eighth Ohio at Beverly to join my command. Will you please hasten them forward as rapidly as possible and inform me how soon they can be here.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, August 11, 1864.

Brigadier-General AVERELL,

Hancock:

General Sheridan certainly did not understand the importance of guarding the Cheat Mountain pass, or he would not have exposed the people of West Virginia to the incursions of guerrillas and robbers by ordering away the Eighth Ohio without giving me some troops to take their place. I have remonstrated against the execution of the order, asking that it may be suspended for the present.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

NEW CREEK, [August] 11, 1864.

Captain WILL RUMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Got off but the Twenty-second Pennsylvania, which will go in the morning. Battery will go to-day. Will do down myself. Will lave Morris here.

T. GIBSON,

Major.

HANCOCK, MD., August 11, 1864.

Captain ROYALL, U. S. Army,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

Please send all officers and men with you of the First, Second, and third Virginia, Fourteenth Pennsylvania, Eighth Ohio, first New York, and Twenty-second Pennsylvania, mounted and dismounted, at once to Hancock, Md. Answer. Where is Brown and train?

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS RESERVE CAVALRY CAMP,Pleasant Valley, Md., August 11, 1864-10 p. m.

Brigadier-General AVERELL,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I have at last succeeded in learning the whereabouts of the division since the late engagement at Moorefield,a nd send this through by special courier to-night to try and find you. I am, by a temporary order from General Sheridan, commanding all the reserve mounted and the dismounted men of his military division encamping in Pleasant Valley, but have permission to join the forces in the field on your arrival here. The command is growing to be a very large one

