
and the duties very laborious. Everything pertaining to our division here is mounted, armed, and equipped, ready to take the field, this being the only mounted command here. there are some 200 men in all. Lieutenant Torbit [?], Third Virginia, has just reported with 1`20 mounted men from Carlisle in addition to the previous number, and I will have him fitted for the field to-morrow morning. He reports Major Hableton, Second Virginia, with 400 dismounted men, on the road here from Hagerstown. Our division train is at Greencastle. Major Garland [?] goes to-morrow morning to bring it here. Lieutenant-Colonel Blakely, with 200 mounted men, is with General Merritt, ready to join you on your arrival there. North is here, but goes away for ordnance to-morrow noon. General Sheridan is between Charlestown and Berryville, and expects and engagement to-morrow. Duffie is at Halltown to-night. He says you "gobbled" some of his men.

I have labored very hard, general, since my absence, but in all my labors have had an eye single to our division. It has been well cared for and fitted out. Please send me any work or instructions in advance of your arrival. I hope to join you here.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOONMAKER,

Colonel.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF HARPER'S FERRY,Harper's Ferry, Va. August 11, 1864-12 m.

(Received 2.10 p. m.)

Captain E. B. PARSONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General of Major-General Sheridan:

SIR: I have information, from a source always found reliable, that re-enforcements under Hill and Longstreet are within five day's march of Early's present position, moving up the Valley; that, if attacked, Early proposes to show fight and retire until a junction can be formed with the advancing forces. Mosby is already between harper's Ferry and your command, and last night captured and paroled the Tribune correspondent, as he reports.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, August 11, 1864-10 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff, Harper's Ferry:

Your telegram dated yesterday just received. I respectfully present that the detachment of the Eighth Ohio at Beverly are holding the Cheat Mountain pass, and if withdrawn will leave the region west of this point open to the incursion of guerrilla bands. I therefore ask that the order be suspended until a force can be had to relieve this detachment.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

