
CITY POINT, VA., August 12, 1864-9 a. m.

(Received 7 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Inform Sheridan that it is now certain two divisions of infantry have gone to Early and some cavalry and twenty pieces of artillery. This movement commenced last Saturday night. He must be cautious and act now on the defensive until movements here force them to detach to send this way. Early's force, with this increase, cannot exceed 40,000, but this is too much for Sheridan to attack. Send Sheridan the remaining brigade of the Nineteenth Corps. I have ordered to Washington all the 100-days' men. Their time will soon be out, but for the present they will do to stand in the defenses.*

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, August 12, 1864-7 p. m.

(Received 11 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I get constant reports of an intention on the part of the rebels to land arms at Point Lookout to arm the prisoners confined there to aid their escape. I do not think the plan very feasible, but it is probably advisable that they should all be removed to places farther north and more secure.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[AUGUST 12, 1864.-For Sheridan to Halleck, reporting operations, see p. 18.]

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,

On Opequon Creek, August 12, 1864.

The Following are the orders for the movement of the command at 5 a. m. to-day:

General Wright will order one brigade of the Sixth Corps via the Millwood pike to Winchester, to occupy that place until the arrival of the trains. The cavalry will follow up the enemy via Stephensburg and Middletown, and will annoy the enemy and, if possible, get in his rear and destroy his trains, &amp;c.

The command of General Crook will move to Middletown and follow in pursuit of the enemy, attacking his rear should occasion offer and driving him down the Valley.

The Nineteenth Army Corps will move from its present camp, following the command of General Crook to Middletown, taking position, unless otherwise ordered, on the left of the Strasburg pike.

The Sixth Army Corps will move in rear of the Nineteenth Army Corps as far as the Front Royal pike, thence move via Stephensburg to Middletown and go into position, unless otherwise ordered, on the right of the Strasburg pike.

---------------

*As quoted by Sheridan, see p. 43.

---------------

