
General Crook will advance as far as Cedar Creek, go into position, and await the arrival of the Sixth and Nineteenth Army Corps at Middletown.

General Torbert will send out strong parties in the direction of Front royal, the town of Cedar Creek, and Faweet's Gap, and obtain information in regard to the enemy's movements. The trains of the command will be moved to Stephensburg after all the troops have passed, and await the orders of the corps commanders.

The headquarters of the commanding general will be with the Nineteenth Army Corps.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, August 12, 1864.

Major-General AUGUR,

Commanding:

GENERAL: Major-General Halleck directs that your order the division of the Nineteenth Corps, General Grover commanding, to join the command of General Sheridan by way of Snicker's Gap.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CEDAR CREEK, W. VA., August 12, 1864-9.30 p. m.

(Received 8 p. m. 14th.)

Major-General AUGUR,

Commanding Department of Washington:

The major-general commanding has ordered all the Eighth Illinois Cavalry now serving in the Middle Department to concentrate at Muddy Branch in your department. General Wallace has been ordered to send them there without delay. Collect all that are in your department at the same point, and order the regiment to operate on the south side of the Potomac and well up toward Middleburg, making frequent reports of any reliable information that they obtain in reference to any movements of the enemy, and to exterminate as many of Mosby's gang as they can.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

POINT OF ROCKS, August 12, 1864.

(Received Washington 2.30 p. m.)

Major General C. C. AUGUR:

The rebels, not over 400 strong, still continue to rob the Union men of Loudoun. Can you not send that cavalry force that is now encamped in Montgomery County, Md., to Loundoun County? Let them subsist off the country. Give certificates to loyal men, but none to disloyal. The can subsist from 1,500 to 2,000 cavalry for one or two months, or perhaps longer. Provisions for men are not so plentiful. The Union men would rather your cavalry would get their produce for nothing and haul it rather than the rebels should have it. You can

