
August 14.-Returned to Winchester as escort to supply train.

August 17.-Moved at 3 a. m. to Summit Point as escort to supply train. Moved at 9 p. m. to Berryville with supply train.

August 18.-Marched at daylight in the direction of Harper's Ferry with supply train; halted at Flowing Spring.

August 21.-Moved at 10 a. m. to Bolivar Heights with supply train; ordered to report to Brigadier-General Stevenson, commanding post.

August 23.-Marched to the front; took position at extreme left of line; commenced erecting breast-works.

August 28.-Moved to Bolivar Heights; reported to Brigadier-General Stevenson.

September 20.-Marched at 11 p. m. from Bolivar Heights as escort to army supply train (900 wagons).

September 21.-Arrived at Winchester at 2 p. m.

September 22.-Left Winchester at 1 p. m. in charge of 125 officers and 1,380 men, prisoners of war.

September 23.-Arrived at Bolivar Heights at 3 p. m.

October 5.-Left Bolivar Heights, Va., at 11 a. m.; marched to Bunker Hill; encamped at 6.30 p. m.

October 6.-Marched at 7 a. m. in charge of supply train from Martinsburg; reached Winchester at 3 p. m.

October 7.-Left Winchester at 6 a. m.; marched to Cedar Creek and reported to General Sheridan.

October 9.-Marched with train to Winchester.

October 10.-Marched with train to Martinsburg.

October 12.-Escorted train to Winchester.

October 13.-The One hundred and thirty-third New York and Thirtieth Maine Volunteers escorted train to Ashby's Gap.

October 14.-The One hundred and thirty-third New York and Thirtieth Maine returned to Winchester. The One hundred and sixty-fifth New York escorted train to Martinsburg.

October 19.-The One hundred and sixty-fifth New York Volunteers returned to Winchester.

October 20.-The One hundred and sixty-second New York Volunteers escorted train to Martinsburg. The One hundred and thirty-third and One hundred and seventy-third New York and Thirtieth Maine escorted train to Cedar Creek, Va.

October 21.-The One hundred and seventy-third and One hundred and thirty-third New York and Thirtieth Maine returned to Winchester; the brigade marched with train and prisoners.

October 22.-Arrived at Martinsburg at 1 p. m.

October 25.-Left Martinsburg with train for Winchester.

October 26.-Left Winchester with train for Cedar Creek. Colonel N. A. M. Dudley assumed command of brigade.

October 27.-Relieved from duty with wagon train and regularly encamped. The One hundred and sixty-second New York absent.

November 9.-Broke camp at daylight and marched in the direction of Winchester, six miles; halted near Newtown.

November 21.-Marched at 12.15 p. m. through Middletown as support to cavalry.

November 22.-Returned at 12 m. to camp.

December 30.-Broke camp at Camp Russell and marched to Stephenson's Depot.

