HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,Harrisburg, Pa., August 12, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that the interests of the service [require] that a district should be formed of the mountain region, including from Cumberland Valley on the east to Laurel Hill on the west. The civil officers in the lower part of this section are hostile to the Government, as well as a large number of the inhabitants. There are other reasons purely military which demand it. I am informed that Brigadier General O. S. Ferry, of General Butler's command, has a division, the term of service of which will expire this month. If he can be spared without detriment to the service I should like to have him; if not, please send me an officer who is energetic, temperate, discreet, and with good common sense. Such a one would be of as much value to the country on this duty a though he commanded a brigade in the field.

I am, general, very respectfully your obedient servant,

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General, Commanding Department.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, No. 185. Harrisburg, Pa., August 12, 1864.

* * * *

4. Major General George Cadwalader, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Brandywine District, will send without delay one company of 100-days' infantry from Chambersburg, Pa., to Scranton, Pa., with orders to report to Captain S. N. Bradford, provost-marshal Twelfth Congressional District of Pennsylvania, for duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

5. Major General George Cadwalader, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Brandywine District, will send without delay the company of 100-days' infantry now at First Washington to Chambersburg, pa., with orders to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Stewart, commanding First Battalion (100-days') Pennsylvania Volunteers, at that place. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

6. Major General George Cadwalader, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Brandywine District, will send without delay by railroad twelve mounted men whit their horses, under command of a reliable non-commissioned officer, from Captain George D. Storoud's company of mounted men for 100-days' service (now at Chambersburg), with orders to report to Captain S. N. Bradford, provost-marshal Twelfth Congressional District of Pennsylvania, for duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

7. Captain C. N. Turnbull, Corps of Engineers, U. S. Army, having completed the duties assigned him in paragraph 1, Special Orders, No. 177, from these headquarters, dated August 1, 1864, is hereby relieved from duty as chief engineer of the Department of the Susquehanna.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

