HEADQUARTERS,Cedar Creek, August 13, 1864-7.30 a. m. (Received 14th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT, City Point:

I was unable to get south of Early, but will push him up the Valley. Reports from citizens here, Washington, and Harper's Ferry report Longstreet's corps coming this way from Staunton, but I still rely on your telegram that it is not so. There is nothing in the Valley but wheat and a few fine mules. The sum total of all Early's transportation is 250 wagons. He has not sent off or accumulated any supplies. He was simply living off the country. The Sixth Corps now occupies Strasburg.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

CEDAR CREEK, VA., August 13, 1864-10 p. m.

(Received 16th.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, Comdg. Armies of the United States:

Your dispatch of August 12 received.* At the time the Sixth Army Corps was occupying the heights of Strasburg the enemy had taken position about three miles beyond and near the base of Signal Mountain. If did not appear that there was more there than their rear guard, with about twelve pieces of artillery. I was making preparations to attack them when your dispatch arrived. It did not appear as though they would make a stand, and looked more like an invitation for me to follow them up. I did not think it best to do so, and have taken position on the south side of Cedar Creek. All the reports that I hear, and have been hearing for some days, confirm your telegram that Longstreet is in the Valley, and that Fits Lee's cavalry is making its way up the country and when last heard from was at Orange Court-House. So far as I have been able to see, there is not a military position in this Valley south of the Potomac. The position her is a very bad one, as I cannot cover the numerous roads that lead in on both of my flanks to the rear. I am not aware that you knew where my command was when your ordered me to take up the defensive. I should very much like to have your advice. Early accumulated no supplies in this section of the Valley. His trains were very much magnified, and will not number more than 250 wagons. He left at Winchester about seventy-five wounded. There were no supplies accumulated there. I have a large number of 100-days' men whose terms of service expire in a few days. Can they be made to serve for a longer period or shall I allow them to be mustered out? Mosby attacked the rear of my train this morning, en route here from Harper's Ferry, and burned six wagons.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 13, 1864.

(Via Harper's Ferry.)

Major-General SHERIDAN:

General Wilson's cavalry division moved out eleven miles last night. Grover's division, of the Nineteenth Corps, will move to-day by Snicker's Gap.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*See Grant to Halleck, 9 a. m., p. 775.

---------------

