
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 11. Cedar Creek, Va., August 13, 1864.

Captain E. V. Sumner, First U. S. Cavalry, special inspector of cavalry for Department of West Virginia, until further orders will make his headquarters at Harper's Ferry and take special control of the mounted cavalry and also the dismounted cavalry, or that portion of it which in his opinion should be remounted. he will consult with General Weber, commanding post,w ho will render all the assistance necessary to fit these men for the field. He will keep as many officers at the dismounted camp as are absolutely necessary to keep up the discipline of the same, and order all other officers and men to join their regiments as fast as they arrive. General Weber will forward to these headquarters tri-weekly reports of the dismounted camp.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

E. B. PARSONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,

Near Cedar Creek, August 13, 1864.

I. On the arrival of the army trains this evening corps commanders will have the trains of their respective commands parked in rear of their corps.

II. As soon as the trains arrive corps commanders will cause three days' rations to be issued to their commands, which must last four days.

III. All wagons emptied by the issue of supplies will be loaded at the different corps headquarters with the sick and wounded of the corps.

IV. the wagons, as soon as the sick are loaded, will be moved to the rear and parked preparatory to being sent to Harper's Ferry, under escort, for supplies. The corps quartermasters will report to the acting chief quartermaster at these headquarters as soon as the sick, &amp;c., are loaded, and will be notified by him when the trains are to be parked.

By command of Major General P. H. Sheridan:

E. B. PARSONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ALEXANDRIA, August 13, 1864.

(Received 8.25 p. m.)

Colonel TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

The patrols report all quiet to-day. Citizens report a few guerrillas near Fairfax Court-House to-day.

H. H. WELLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Falls Church, Va., August 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report everything quiet in this vicinity. Beyond this, I have nothing to report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

