HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Falls Church, Va., August 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the return of the force sent above Leesburg-to the west and north of it. No considerable body of the enemy is reported in that vicinity. Mosby, with 300 men, passed through Waterford on Sunday last from the mountains, and went toward Upperville. Lieutenant Hutchinson, commanding the party, captured two prisoners. It is reported that there are through this and the adjoining counties many wandering fellows turned loose with passes, like that inclosed,* to remount themselves; the duty is styled "horse detail." We have captured some half dozen of the recently.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

SALISBURY, MD., August Adjutant-General:

The Pocomoke Sound and River and the Annemessex swarm with armed pirates and blockade runners. A gun-boats should be at once sent to those waters. Corpl. B. Paradise and three of my men yesterday, between Shelltown, on Pocomoke, and mouth of Annemessex, captured four boats and contents and sixth prisoners, among them the noted deserter Stewart Tingle. To-day the corporal telegraphs that an armed gang recaptured three of the boats and two of my guards, Henry Swift and Littleton D. Davis. The prisoners will be here to-day. Telegraph me fully.

G. W. P. SMITH,

Captain Smith's Independent Maryland Cavalry, Comdg. Post.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

August 13, 1864-6.45 a. m.

The corps will move at once on the receipt of this order, left tin front, to Strasburg, where it will take position and await further orders.

The following will be the order of march: first, Third Division; second, First Division; third, artillery in reserve; fourth, Second Division; fifth, trains.

The pickets will be withdrawn under direction of the corps officer of the day in time to enable them to join their respective divisions.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Cedar Creek, Va., August 13, 1864.

Brevet Major-General EMORY, Comdg. Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you detail a brigade of your corps to escort the wagons with sick from this place to Winchester; this brigade must be in readiness to move at 5 a. m. to-morrow. On the arrival of this brigade at Winchester the brigade

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

50 R R-VOL XLIII, PT I

