HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Harper's Ferry, August 13, 1864.

Brigadier General W. W. AVERELL,

Commanding Cavalry Division, in the Field:

GENERAL: I have just received your message, by special messenger, sent by your from Hancock. General Sheridan, commanding division (military), went to the front three days ago, taking with him the available force then here. General Duffie moved from Halltown this morning to join the column. My latest advices place the forces near Winchester, where skirmishing had taken place, but no serious fighting. General Sheridan, when he left, expected your division, with that of General Duffie, to join him as soon as practicable, and I have received no instructions in the matter other than to assist in forwarding the cavalry as speedily as possible. it might be best, under the circumstances, for you to move direct toward Winchester, thereby saving considerable distance, but this I throw out simply as a suggestion, being satisfied that you can decide better than I on the route which should be taken.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THAYER MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, DIVISION OF WEST VIRGINIA, No. 31. Hancock, Md., August 13, 1864.

* * * *

II. the Independent Company of Philadelphia Scouts and the detachment of Captain Sanno's company of 100-days' men, now on duty with this division, are relieved from duty with it and will report without delay to Colonel Boyd, commanding at Greencastle, Pa.

The brigadier-general commanding takes this occasion to express his thanks to the officers and men of these companies for their uniform good conduct during the late campaign. The efficient services rendered by them contributed largely to the success of the expedition.

* * * *

By command of Brigadier General W. W. Averell:

WILL RUMSEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,

Hancock, Md., August 13, 1864.

Colonel J. M. SCHOONMAKER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: The general commanding desires me to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of 11th instant. The division will move to-morrow, via Martinsburg, to join General Sheridan, and he desires that everything which is fit for service in the field be sent to join it at Martinsburg. Please see that the men have three days' rations and forty rounds per man of ammunition. The general is anxious that the 1,000 Spencer carbines, which were sent to Harper's Ferry for the use of this command, be taken to Martinsburg to be issued. Will you be kind

