
Second Division.

August 1.-Troops of this division at James River were relieved; ordered to Washington and encamped near Fort Reno.

August 14.-Left camp; marched to Berryville, Va., via Leesburg and Snicker's Gap, where it joined the detachment of the Nineteenth Corps, under Brevet Major-General Emory.

August 18.-Commenced movement toward Harper's Ferry.

August 22.-Took up position at Halltown.

August 24.-This portion of the command had slight skirmish with the enemy in front, in which the loss in this division was 1 killed, 18 wounded, and 1 missing.

Troops composing the Fourth Brigade were assigned to this division by Special Orders, No. --, from headquarters Detachment Nineteenth Corps.

September 14.-Broke camp near Charlestown and marched toward Berryville. About 6 p. m. formed line of battle in support of General Crook's command, which had engaged the enemy. After the enemy retired, troops went into camp and remained until 2 a. m. of the 19th.

September 19.-The Nineteenth Corps marched by the Berryville pike across the Opequon Creek; formed line of battle on right of the Sixth Corps, and soon became heavily engaged with the enemy, losing heavily in killed and wounded. The enemy having been driven after the arrival of General Crook's command, this division encamped a short distance beyond Winchester about 8 p. m.

September 20.-Commenced march at 5 a. m. and encamped at Strasburg.

September 21.-Maneuvering in connection with the whole command for position.

September 22.-Attacked the enemy in position at Fisher's Hill, one mile beyond Strasburg. This division, being on the left of the line, captured four pieces of artillery and a number of prisoners. Followed the enemy as far as Woodstock, engaging their rear guard twice during the night.

September 23.-At 4.30 a. m. halted at Woodstock. At 12 m. took up line of march and encamped at Edenburg.

Since then no engagements have taken place. (For detailed accounts of the operations of this division from 22nd to 25th see official reports.)

[October.]-The return for September left the division near Harrisonburg, Va.

October 6.-Division, with corps, moved at daylight, marching that day within two miles of Mount Jackson; bivouacked for the night.

October 7.-Moved again at 6 a. m., marching through Woodstock, when we stopped for the night.

October 8.-Moved again at 6 a. m., marching to Fisher's Hill, where we formed line of battle to right of road, remaining in this position until 3 p. m., when the division moved back across the North Fork of the Shenandoah and went into camp.

October 10.-Moved back to the north of Cedar Creek.

October 16.-Troops of this division at work on abatis and rifles-pits in front of line. Remained in position to the north of Cedar Creek until the 19th instant.

October 19.-Participated in the battle on that day; occupied its old position that night.

October 20.-Moved up to within one mile of Strasburg, remaining over night.

