
Guard, now on duty in the Second Separate Brigade and District of Annapolis, will be ordered to report at once to Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood, at Baltimore City, there to await the arrival of the balance of the regiments en route to place of muster out of service. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STRAWBERRY PLAINS, VA., August 14, 1864-10 a. m.

(Received 9 a. m. 15th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Last night I moved the Second Corps, about 9,000 men of the Tenth Corps, and Gregg's division of cavalry, to this (north) side of the river to threaten Richmond from the north, and, if possible, to draw back troops from the Valley. We have captured prisoners from four different brigades of Field's division, Longstreet's corps, and also from Wilcox's division, of Hill's corps. Field's division is one that we supposed had gone to the Valley. We know two divisions of Hill's corps to be at Petersburg. This fixed the third division here, as I have heretofore supposed. Pickett's division, of Longstreet's corps, is opposite Butler at Bermuda Hundred. This leaves but one division of infantry to have gone to the Valley. I am now satisfied no more has gone. Please forward this to Sheridan.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., August 14, 1864-8 p. m.

(Received 3.30 p. m. 16th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

The move to the north side of the James to-day developed the presence of Field's division, of Longstreet's corps, which I supposed had gone to the Valley. Pickett's division is also here. We captured 6 pieces of artillery and over 100 prisoners. Longstreet's troops were under marching order, and this move will detain it at least for the present. I think Sheridan is still superior to Early in numbers, but not sufficiently so to attack fortifications.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., August 14, 1864-8 p. m.

(Received 2 p. m. 16th.)

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Winchester, Va.:

I moved Hancock's corps, Gregg's division of cavalry, and part of the Tenth Corps to the north side of the James last night to surprise the enemy and prevent him from sending troops away. We captured six pieces of artillery and prisoners from four different brigades of Field's division, Longstreet's corps. This is a division I supposed had gone to the Valley. It is now positive that Kershaw's division has gone, but no other infantry has. This re-enforcement to Early will put him nearer

