
on an equality with you in numbers than I want to see, and will make it necessary for you to observe some caution about attacking. I would not, however, change my instructions, further than to enjoin caution.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CEDAR RUN, VA., August 14, 1864-11 a. m.

(Received 12 m. 15th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Colonel Chipman arrived here this morning via Snicker's Gap. The information which he brought reached me yesterday about 11 a. m. I have taken up for the present the line of Cedar Run, but will, at my leisure, take position at Winchester. This line cannot be held, nor can I supply my command beyond that point with the ten days' rations with which I started. I expected to get far enough up the Valley to accomplish my objects, and then quickly return. I will destroy all the wheat and hay in the country (there is nothing else), and make it as untenable as possible for a rebel force to subsist. Please telegraph General Grant.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 14, 1864-2.35 p. m.

(Via Harper's Ferry.)

Major-General SHERIDAN:

General Wilson was ordered to telegraph to you on his arrival here, and to obey your instructions. There is much necessary delay when troops arrive by detachments and without transportation and supplies. Grover's division was delayed by changes of orders from General Grant. The Quartermaster-General reports that all troops sen to your command from here were supplied with their full allowance of trains, and that it would now involve much inconvenience, expense, and risk to send into the field duplicate trains for exchange. The Secretary of War concurs in that view. The exchange of trains will therefore be postponed till it can be made with less risk than at present.]

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CEDAR CREEK, VA., August 14, 1864-10 a. m.

(Received 6.30 a. m. 16th.)

Hon E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Arrived this a. m. 6 o'clock, having march ninety miles in twenty-four hours. Mosby's gang hung on our flank between Goose Creek and Snicker's Gap, firing into our rear at the gap. He passed out of the gap to the east with 300 men and two guns at 9 a. m. yesterday, having made a dash on rear of General Sheridan's train at Berryville, capturing some mules and burning six wagons. Could hear of no enemy but Mosby and White's guerrillas east of Blue Ridge. All quiet in front. Enemy entrenching across valley about Strasburg. Trains all up and army in fine condition.

N. P. CHIPMAN,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

