
MARTINSBURG, August 14, 1864.

Brevet Major General B. F. KELLEY:

When may I expect the detachment of the Eighth Ohio Cavalry from Beverly? The cars can bring them to Back Creek.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

HARRISBURG, August 14, 1864.

(Received 15th.)

Brigadier General W. W. AVERELL:

Please leave Captain George D. STroud's company at Hagerstown, with directions to report to me for orders. Answer.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS RESERVE CAVALRY CAMP,Pleasant Valley, Md., August 14, 1864.

Captain WILL RUMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication from Hancock, Md., dated August 13, and in reply wold beg leave to state that I have used every exertion to mount and equip all the men pertaining to our division, and have ready to move this evening a detachment of 350 men under charge of Captain Anderson, Third Virginia Cavalry. The detachment of 212 men which proceeded with Lieutenant-Colonel Blakely, under General Merrit, returned here, Colonel Blakely having been badly wounded by his horse kicking him. Having no officer to take them back, I will send them by Captain Anderson. There are but 100 Spencer carbines here. I have them for the First Virginia by order. Also sixty sets horse equipments, seventy-five sabers and pistols to send you all ready of shipment, but cannot get a single wagon to send them. I have reserved a guard of fifty men to escort them to-morrow morning at daylight (at which time I can get transportation) should it not bet too late.

Please send me work if possible to-night in reference to the above, and I will use every dispatch in sending them up. They can be sent by rail twelve miles from here, six miles from Martinsburg. Can you send wagons from there to meet them, or had had they better be sent by wagon? The 1,000 Spencers may arrive to-night. In case they do, shall they be sent up to-morrow morning?

I inclose copy of the morning export of the dismounted men of our division, and would beg lave to state that all they require to be fit for duty in the field is horse. If they can be in any way supplied I will fit the men out at once. I have the honor to request that Lieutenant Schoonmaker be temporarily relieved from duty and ordered to report to me if he can be spared, as I am exceedingly short of staff officers, and his farther will arrive here to-morrow noon to pay him a visit.

Please communicate with me as frequently as possible and I may be enabled to fulfill the desires of the general commanding more promptly and effectually.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOONMAKER,

Colonel.

