SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, No. 203. Baltimore, August 14, 1864.

1. The One hundred and thirty-seventh Ohio National Guard, Colonel Leonard A. Harris commanding, will be put en route, without delay, to report to the commanding officer at Camp Dennison, Ohio, there to be mustered out and aid off, at the expiration of their term of service, in accordance with the mustering regulations of the army. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation. Brevet Brigadier General W. W. Morris, U. S. Army, is charged with the execution of this order.

2. The One hundred and fifty-ninth Regiment Ohio National Guard, Colonel Lyman J. Jackson commanding, will be put en route, without delay, to report to the commanding officer at Zanesville, Ohio, there to be mustered out and paid off, at the expiration of their term of service, in accordance with the mustering regulations of the army. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation. Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood is charged with the execution of this order.

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT,

August 15, 1864-9 p. m. (Received 6 a. m. 17th.)

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Commanding Middle Military Division, Winchester, Va.:

Our forces north of the James River are still pressing the enemy, and capturing a few prisoners occasionally. The presence of two divisions of Longstreet's corps is undoubted. To-day some prisoners have been taken from W. H. F. Lee's division of cavalry.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, August 15, 1864-8.30 p. m.

(Received 6.30 a. m. 17th.)

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners:

You need not move any more prisoners from Point Lookout so long as you deem them safe there.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

POINT OF ROCKS, MD., August 15, 1864.

(Received 10.30 a. m.)

Honorable EDWIN. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Longstreet, 30,000 strong, and Fitz Lee, 10,000 strong, passed through Warrenton Saturday morning to re-enforce Early. Reliable. A larger force supposed to be following.

SAMUEL C. MEANS.

