HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE, Near Fort Buffalo, Va., August 15, 1864.

LieutenantColonel J. H. TAYLOR,Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that no intelligence has been receive from the force sent to the west and south of Centerville in the direction of Thoroughfare Gap and Warrenton. I beg to inclose, for the consideration of the general commanding the department, a copy of to-day's regimental morning reports.* The whereabouts and supposition of the whole number of men of each regiment more satisfactorily appear from them than from the statement sent a few days since with the usual report. It will be seen from these that but about 720 enlisted men are present here at all in both regiments together, and of this number 100 are sick and in confinement. Thus, 620 men are left in both regiments, and of this number 257 are reported on special, extra, or daily duty, leaving 363 men for all the duty men of both regiments.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Volunteer Cavalry, Comdg. Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, Cedar Creek, Va., August 15, 1864-7.45 p.m.

Brevet Major-General EMORY,Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you move your corps at 11 o'clock to-night [the 15th] to Winchester, Va., and garrison that place until further orders. Move your trains in advance of the troops, except a small advance guard. On arriving at Vinchester have your trains parked compactly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY, MIDDLE MIL. DIV., No. 6. August 15, 1864.

The Reserve and First Brigades, First Division, will be moved to the Front Royal pike, starting at 8 a.m. in the morning. One brigade will march by the road that Colonel Devin marched on and take position near the Second Brigade at Cedarville. The other brigade will take the road from Middletown to Stony Point, the route that General Crook's column came. This brigade will take position at Stony Point.

One large regiment of the Third Brigade will be left at this point, which will relieve the pickets of the First will be left at this point, which will relieve the pickets of the First Brigade on the left of the army, and picket so as to watch cedar Creek, about a mile and a half on the right of the pike. The balance of the brigade will be moved over to the Back road at the crossing of Cedar Creek. Colonel Lowell, commanding Third Brigade, will be directed to report at these headquarters for special instructions. General Merritt will also call for the same purpose before starting.

By command of Brigadier-General Torbert:

GEORGE B. SANFORD,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

51 R R-VOL XLIII, PT I

