HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Newtown, Va., August 15, 1864.

General MERRITT,Commanding First Division:

We have heard artillery firing in the direction of Front Royal, and General Sheridan is anxious to know what is going on. Send a dispatch at once to Winchester, up the Front Royal pike, and whether you want any assistance. General Wilson ought to be at Berryville, if not coming toward you.

Yours, &amp;c.,

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, Cedar Creek, Va., August 15, 1864.

Brigadier General J. H. WILSON,Commanding Third Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires that you report as soon as possible. He is particularly anxious as to the state of your supplies and horses.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, Cedar Creek, August 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General WILSON,

Commanding Third Division Cavalry:

I send the Fifth New York Cavalry back as far as Snicker's Gap to see if they can communicate with you. From all the information we can get General Fitz Lee's division rebel cavalry is about Front Royal. Colonel Devin's brigade, First Division, is at Cedarville, on the Front Royal pike, and pickets near Front Royal. General Duffie will start to-night with his command [about 900 men] to take post for the present at Berryville. There is a detachment of your division now at Berryville which you will direct to join your command when you get there, and also bring with you the detachment, also there, belonging to Gregg's division, provided General Duffie's command is there. You will come to Berryville from -, take the Millwood pike as far as a stone church, turn to the right, and in a short distance you will strike the Millwood and Winchester pike; follow this pike to within about half a mile where it crosses the Opequon Creek, then turn to the left, taking the route the army took to the White Post and Newtown road, and in a short distance it crosses the Front Royal and Winchester pike; at this last cross-roads turn to the left and go to Stony Point, about three miles, and take position. Colonel Devin is about three miles beyond, at Cedarville. These instructions are given on the supposition that you will be in the Valley to-night or to-morrow. If you are longer things may be changed. Please report when you get to Berryville; send parties of eight or ten with dispatches. Keep me well advised of your movements as you come up the Valley. Mosby captured near

