
of the parties above referred to was most salutary in its effects, reassuring and strengthening the loyal, encouraging the wavering, and giving assurance of future protection. The disloyal were proportionately disheartened and terrified. Men whose sympathies and votes go with the stronger side were visibly affected by such a display of energy on the part of the Government, and were rapidly determining in favor of loyalty, while the disloyalists were depressed and augured an unfavorable result in the approaching election. Such was the state of affairs when the return of the parties from their imprisonment reversed the situation. The effect of the release will probably prove fatal to the cause of the Government, regarded as it is as the result of intimidation. The disloyalists are reported to be organizing and arming. Prominent and influential men who have seldom been absent from home at night are now known to leave their premises after midnight, and to ride through the country, returning at daylight, and adopting various means to clue observation and to escape suspicion. These facts, together with many others of the same character, induce the belief that a widely spread conspiracy exists among the disloyal people of the State, and threats are indulged in as to their conduct at the coming election.

A further cause of embarrassment may be found in the want of harmony existing between the military commander and the provost-marshal. The former, being guided by the strict letter of military law, and performing his duty in accordance therewith, has rendered himself unpopular with the loyalists, who regard his absence from their society with feelings of suspicion. I do not, however, regard it in any other light than as a natural result of a desire on his part to keep his acts untrammeled by feelings of personal sympathy, in order that he may the more faithfully discharge his duty to the Government; yet, while believing this to be the case I am forced to the conclusion that he does not enjoy the confidence of the loyal people of the State. The latter [provost-marshal], being a civilian, intermingles freely with the people, acquainting himself with their feelings and disposition, and enjoys, apparently, to the fullest extent, their confidence and esteem. Being thus associated he has means of information not possessed by the miliary commander, and not deeming himself in any way accountable to him a want of co-operation is the result. In view of the above facts I would respectfully suggest the propriety of largely increasing the military force in the State of Delaware, the same to be under the command of an efficient, experienced, and judicious officer, who shall be military commander and with whom the provost-marshal shall confer on all matters requiring the use of the troops under his command.

Respectfully submitting the above, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LYNDE CATLIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 271. Washington, August 15, 1864.

*			*			*			*			*

27. Major Henry B. Judd, U. S. Army, is hereby relieved from the duties of military commander of Wilmington, Del.

*			*			*			*			*

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

