
Near Mercersburg, Pa., one company mounted [100-days'] Pennsylvania Volunteers. York, Pa., two companies Second Battalion, Veteran Reserve Corps. Philadelphia, Pa., One hundred and eighty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, ten companies Second Battalion, Veteran Reserve Corps, on duty at hospital, &amp;c. Fort Washington, three guns on south bank of river near Harrisburg [20-pounder Parrotts], convalescents; Keystone Battery [100-days'], Pennsylvania Artillery, four guns [20-pounder Parrotts]; one company First Battalion [100-days'] Pennsylvania Volunteers; two companies One hundred and eighty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, 300 convalescents.

Monongahela District.-Uniontown, Pa., Battery A, First New York Artillery, four guns [light 12-pounders], two companies Veteran Reserve Corps.

Lehigh District.-Pottsville, Pa., Company D, Twenty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Cavalry. Bloomsburg, Pa., one company mounted [100-days'] Pennsylvania Volunteers, one section Keystone Battery [100-days'], Pennsylvania Artillery.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, Harrisburg, Pa., August 15, 1864.

Major General GEORGE CADWALADER,Commanding Brandywine District, Harrisburg, Pa.

GENERAL: The commanding general requests that you send the two companies of the One hundred and eighty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, now in Fort Washington, and two companies of 100-days' volunteers, now at Chambersburg, all under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Stewart, to report in person at these headquarters for instructions.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, August 15, 1864.

COMMANDING GENERAL DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST, New York City:

SIR: I am directed by the Secretary of War to transmit to you the following orders:

Ordered, That inasmuch as the public safety and necessity for the transportation of troops, ordnance, quartermaster's and subsistence supplies on the Potomac River requires the immediate placing of light-house boats on the Potomac River, that Major-General Dix, commanding the Eastern Department, or in his absence the officer in command, be directed to seize and turn over to the Light-House Board two of the vessels within mentioned, which are now at New Bedford, and were built for light-house purposes, leaving one vessel in the hands of the civil authorities to answer the claim or liens for their construction. And the military commander aforesaid is directed to use such military force as may be necessary to seize and hold said boats and deliver them to the officers and agents of said Light-House Board, at such places as the Board or its officers may direct, and that he also employ such

