
October 10.-Moved back to the north of Cedar Creek.

October 16.-Brigade turned out at 11 a. m. to work on abatis and rifle-pits in front of line. Remained in position to the north of Cedar Creek until the 19th.

October 19.-Participated in the fight on that day; occupied its old position that night.

October 20.-Brigade moved up to within one mile of Strasburg, remaining over night.

October 21.-Moved into the fort near Strasburg and occupied the town. Remained there until afternoon, when it moved back to its old position, to the north of Cedar Creek, and went into camp, where it still remains [31st].

November 9.-The command broke camp at Cedar Creek, Va., and moved back to Camp Russell, Va., where it has since remained.

December 30.-The brigade, with the corps, moved back from Camp Russell to present position, near Stephenson's Depot.

Fourth Brigade, Second Division.

September 5.-Made reconnaissance in direction of Winchester; slight skirmish with enemy.

September 19.-Engagement at Winchester, this brigade on extreme right of line of battle; loss heavy.

September 20.-Pursued enemy to Strasburg.

September 22.-Charged rebel works, capturing six-gun battery and pursued retreating enemy.

September 23 to 25.-Marched to Harrisonburg, skirmishing with enemy.

September 29.-Marched to Mount Crawford.

September 30.-Returned to Harrisonburg.

DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA.*

[August.]-During the early part of this month the Army of West Virginia, in the field, marched into Maryland in pursuit of the rebels, but soon returned, and then, as part of the command of Major-General Sheridan, advanced up the Shenandoah Valley as far as Cedar Creek. The command falling back soon from that position to Halltown, Va., the Army of West Virginia returned with it and remained at the latter place during the rest of the month. In the meantime a rebel cavalry force under the command of McCausland, having previously burned Chambersburg, Pa., advanced on Cumberland, Md., by the Baltimore pike, and attacked Brigadier-General Kelley, who handsomely repulsed it. Moving off under cover of night, it crossed the Potomac about sixteen miles below Cumberland, and, marching round via Springfield, Va., attacked the post of New Creek, and there also met with defeat, and retreated. Brigadier-General Averell, commanding Second Cavalry Division, was apprised by Brigadier-General Kelley of the whereabouts of McCausland, and marched in pursuit and overtook him near Moorefield, Va. He attacked the rebels and captured all their cannon, with some 400 prisoners. Nothing else of interest transpired during the month. Major-General Hunter was relieved from the command of the department and Brigadier-General Crook assigned to the command temporarily.

---------------

*Commanded by Major General George Crook.

---------------

6 R R-VOL XLIII, PT I

