
WASHINGTON, D. C., August 16, 1864. [Via Harper's Ferry.]

Major-General SHERIDAN:

The discharge of the Ohio militia leaves West Virginia much exposed to raids, and there are no troops that can be sent for its defense except from your army.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., August 16, 1864-4.30 p.m. [Received 7 p.m.]

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Just arrived from Sheridan's front at Cedar Creek, which place I left at 7 p.m. yesterday. The position of the two armies was unchanged at that hour. The enemy was shelling a portion of our picket-line to obtain possession of a position from which General Wright dislodged him the evening before. At Berryville Colonel Hammond, from Winchester, reported to me the Nineteenth Corps broke up camp at 11 p.m. yesterday, and was all in Winchester before daylight this morning. No firing was heard toward Cedar Creek at daylight. Generals Wilson and Grover are at Snicker's Gap and will both be up to Berryville to-night. The re-enforcement of the enemy as telegraphed by you is in many ways confirmed. It is not certain whether that force joined Early or is now in rear of Front Royal; indications of the latter. General Sheridan says his fighting infantry cannot exceed 20,000, exclusive of Grover's; his cavalry not over 7,500, including Wilson's. Averell at Martinsburg this morning at 2 a.m. General Stevenson assumes command of this district to-day. Will leave for Washington to-morrow noon unless to the contrary ordered by you. Guerrillas infest the country between here and Winchester. Trains require strong escorts. A little party twenty minutes ahead of my escort was attacked beyond Charlestown. The lieutenant and two men killed and six captured, one escaped.

N. P. CHIPMAN,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

HARPER'S FERRY, August 16, 1864-9 p.m. [Received 9.15 p.m.]

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Captain Page, assistant quartermaster, left Cedar Creek at 8 o'clock this morning and just arrived here, a dense fog being over the Valley, enveloping both armies, and had not scattered when he left. The Sixth Corps and Crook's command hold the same line as yesterday and day before. The Nineteenth Corps is in Winchester. No firing this morning and no indications that the enemy had shifted his line. This information is reliable.

N. P. CHIPMAN,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

