
to get horseshoes in the Sixteenth, and other delays, rendered it necessary to postpone. I had hoped, too, to have the benefit of whatever information might have been gained by the party now out. They will probably return to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Volunteer Cavalry, Comdg. Brigade.

ORDERS. HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,

August 16, 1864.

The following movements are ordered for to-night:

1. At 8 o'clock the Army of West Virginia, Brevet Major-General Crook commanding, will move, via Winchester, to Clifton.

2. The Sixth Corps will follow, taking the same route in the following order: the trains; second, Third Division; third, First Division. The ambulances will accompany the divisions to which they belong. The batteries in reserve will be assigned for the march by the chief of artillery and to the divisions, one to each. Brigadier-General Ricketts, commanding Third Division, will detail a strong regiment to accompany the trains as guard.

3. The pickets will be withdrawn under the direction of Colonel Penrose, corps officer of the day Sixth Corps, and the officer in charge of the pickets of General Crook's command, both of whom will report to these headquarters for special instructions at 6.30 this p.m.

4. The Second Division, Sixth Corps, Brigadier-General Getty, will act as rear guard, and follow the route above indicated when all the pickets have been withdrawn and have passed him.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. A. WHITTIER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, August 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General RUSSELL,First Division:

The commanding general wishes that care be taken to-night that nothing is done to indicate that a movement is to take place, such as striking the tents before dark or by unusual fires after dark.

Very respectfully,

C. A. WHITTIER,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADIER, FIRST DIV., SIXTH ARMY CORPS, Heaton House, August 16, 1864.

Major C. A. WHITTIER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that 160 or 200 of the enemy, accompanied by Mosby himself, and clothed in the uniform of U. S. troops, are now a short distance to the left and rear of Middletown. One of the party has been within the limits of our camps to-day, and the movement published for to-night was circulated among the men of

