
my command long before the order concerning it reached these headquarters. The information relative to the presence of these parties, above referred to, comes from a source that cannot be doubted. I forward this communication for the purpose of suggesting the protection of our rear and the bringing up of all stragglers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. EDWARDS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Winchester, Va., August 16, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN,Commanding Middle Military Division:

GENERAL: I arrived here this morning at 5 o'clock. This place is entirely indefensible; it is a basin surrounded by heights which are commanded by other heights. Unless there is some object which does not occur to me at this time, I would suggest that the crossing of the Opequon is a better position. I am told that a small force of the enemy's cavalry has been seen in the pine woods near Kernstown and to the south of the ford. You will be glad to hear that the cavalry is so near at hand. By my calculations Grover will get no nearer than the Shenandoah to-day.

I am, very respectfully,

W. H. EMORY,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, Winchester, Va., August 16, 1864-11 p.m.

Brevet Major-General EMORY,Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you hold your command in readiness to march at 4 a.m. August 17, 1864.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, Winchester, August 16, 1864-11 p.m.

Brevet Major-General EMORY,Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that the subsistence trains of this army move out from this place at 12 o'clock to-night, under the escort of Colonel Currie's brigade, of your corps. Colonel Currie will move the trains out on the Winchester and Harper's Ferry road, via Summit Point, and will park them at Summit Point; he will have entire charge of the trains, and will be held responsible for their safety.

Captain Alexander, acting assistant quartermaster, will report to Colonel Currie to pilot him through to the point designated for the parking of the trains.

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

