
keeping to the right of the Millwood and Berryville pike, halt and await orders near where the Buck Marsh Run crosses the Berryville and Snickersville road.

2. The Second Brigade [Colonel Devin] will move from its present position on the pike toward Winchester until within two miles west of White Post, when the main body will incline to the northeast, taking the route pursued by the cavalry in making the advance, and keeping to the south of Limestone Ridge direct its march across the country, halting near Berryville for orders. One regiment of this brigade will cross to the left bank of the Opequon Creek, moving down the creek on that bank about a mile from the river, recrossing and proceeding across the country when it arrives at a point northwest from that town, when it will rejoin the brigade.

The above instructions will be deviated from only so far as is necessary to continue the march in the general direction indicated. An intimate connection will be kept up between the columns as they advance, and frequent reports will be made by the commanding officers of the columns on the flanks to these headquarters, which will move with the Second Brigade.

Further instructions will be sent by staff officers.

By command of Brigadier-General Merritt:

A. E. DANA,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION, Near Winchester and Millwood Pikes, on Berryville and White Post Road, Va., August 16, 1864-9 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FORSYTH,Chief of Staff:

Your communication of August 15, inclosing orders and dispatches from General Sheridan, was received this morning 8.30. The dispatch for General Grover was forwarded without delay by an escort of one squadron, General Grover having camped on Goose Creek last night. I shall reach Nineveh or Stony Point by 7 in the morning. I have picked up the detachments at Berryville. Have five full days' rations from this morning [will hold out seven] and about one full days' ration of forage. Sent ninety-six wagons this evening for supplies to Harper's Ferry; will reach there to-morrow night. Have 130 rounds of Spencer ammunition and 150 Sharps per man. My horses are in good condition with the exception of a very few, which need shoeing. Please request the major-general commanding to order the return of all men of my division serving with the Nineteenth and Sixth Corps and in the Department of Washington; also that my forges and transportation, which had not arrived at Washington when the division left, to be forwarded with as little delay as possible. The animals furnished in Washington are very poor and the forges indispensable. Captain Whitaker was directed to proceed to your headquarters this morning. Lieutenant Noyes carries this and will bring any orders you may have.

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

52 R R-VOL XLIII, PT I

