HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, Martinsburg, W. Va., August 16, 1864.

LieutenantColonel J. W. FORSYTH,Chief of Staff, Middle Military Division:

COLONEL: I beg leave to call your attention to the fact that there are at Beverly, W. Va., besides the Eighth Ohio Cavalry, about 200 of the Sixth West Virginia Cavalry, who are acquainted with the country and perfectly able, with the assistance of local organizations, to disperse all marauding parties of the enemy in that section. I mention the fact to show that there is no necessity for the detachment of the Eighth Ohio Cavalry remaining at that place.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Martinsburg, August 16, 1864.

Captain T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to call your attention to paragraph 2, General Orders, No. 52, headquarters Department of West Virginia [just received at these headquarters], stating that the guns abandoned by Lieutenant Means, First West Virginia Artillery, were brought off by infantry. I beg leave to state that these guns were found abandoned by myself while my division was covering the retreat of the forces engaged. I dismounted myself and superintended the arrangements for hauling off the guns, and sent them off the field in charge of the sergeant-major First West Virginia Cavalry, who reported with them to my adjutant-general at Martinsburg on the morning of the 25th. At the time I found the guns they were abandoned and no infantry was near them. In view of these facts I have the honor to request that such correction will be made as will give to the men of my division the credit of saving those pieces.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF HARPER'S FERRY, Harper's Ferry, Va., August 16, 1864.

[Brigadier General W. W. AVERELL:]

GENERAL: In pursuance of orders from this military division and Military Department of West Virginia, I have assumed command of this military district. To-day it is developed that the enemy has accumulated between this point and the front, making the vicinity of Charlestown their theater of operations, a force of about 600 or 700 mounted guerrillas; they threaten our communication and jeopardize all trains started from this point. Unless your instructions are definite from General Torbert to remain at Martinsburg, I require at least 1,000 of your command, with such artillery [say, at least, one section]

