
as you have that can be used with the force, to immediately occupy Charlestown. Move there to-morrow morning at daylight and clean the enemy out. Report to me by the couriers whether your command can do this work. Its importance requires a prompt move.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

CUMBERLAND, MD., August 16, 1864. [Received 4.30 p.m.]

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The term of service of five regiments of Ohio National Guards expires within the next three days. These regiments constitute my entire force east of Piedmont, except small detachments of the Sixth and Eleventh Virginia Infantry. Officers and men of the 100-days' regiments are extremely anxious to be promptly sent home. General Crook informs me he has no troops to spare me to take their place. Would it be possible to send me three regiments temporarily from Washington or Baltimore? The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad is now in working order as fas east as Martinsburg. Besides the protection of the railroad and public property, we have at this point 1,500 patients in hospital.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

[Copy to General Crook.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, No. 24. Cumberland, August 16, 1864.

*			*			*			*			*

III. The detachment of the Sixth West Virginia Cavalry now at Beverly will be placed en route to this point without delay. The mounted portion of the detachment will march via Seneca and Greenland Gap, and the dismounted men will proceed with the baggage, &amp;c., of the detachment to Webster, W. Va., from which point they will be transported by cars. The assistant quartermaster at Grafton will provide transportation.

*			*			*			*			*

By order of Brevet Major-General Kelley:

C. A. FREEMAN,Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

BLOOMSBURG, PA., August 16, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I have notified deserters from draft of Columbia County that if they reported themselves by Saturday night, 20th instant, the charge of desertion would be remitted by me. I am here with ample force to do what troops can do, but consider the above course as eminently proper.

Please notify me quickly if my action is not approved.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

[Same to Colonel E. D. Townsend.]

