
enemy except Mosby and White. They were east of the Blue Ridge. The citizens talked freely with him. He repeats the same thing before stated with regard to re-enforcements, and says a division of rebel cavalry is at Front Royal. General Sheridan's information placed Fitzburgh Lee there. An officer left three miles this side Berryville at daylight. He heard artillery firing toward Winchester. I will have a messenger from Berryville in short time.

N. P. CHIPMAN,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

HARPER'S FERRY, August 17, 1864. [Received 9,45 p.m.]

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Just received dispatch from General. Averell. I get the same news from other sources and think it correct. One of my couriers saw the prisoners at Winchester. A return escort is due here at 10 o'clock to-night. Hope then to give you further and definite information. Here is Averell's dispatch:

MARTINSBURG, August 17, 1864.

Colonel N. P. CHIPMAN,

Aide-de-Camp:

Your dispatches are received and sent forward by a staff officer. One of my scouts brings the report that two brigades of our cavalry fought Hoke's division, of Longstreet's corps, and Wickham's and Lomax's cavalry near Front Royal last evening, capturing three battle-flags and 300 prisoners from the enemy. General Sheridan was at Winchester at 11 a.m. to-day. The enemy's movements seem to be upon Sheridan's left flank. I shall endeavor to ascertain before morning to what extent Early has been re-enforced.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

N. P. CHIPMAN,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

MUDDY BRANCH, August 17, 1864.

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: The detachment Eighth Illinois Cavalry, 5 officers and about 130 men, have reported from Middle Department.

Respectfully,

JNO. M. WAITE,

Major, &amp;c.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., August 17, 1864.

Colonel TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The patrols report all quiet to-day. We have a man who was taken prisoner by Mosby at Berryville, Va., and escaped. Mosby captured at the same time a commissary train and the guard. He took 460 mules and 20 horses. He burned the stores.

H. H. WELLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

