HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, Winchester, Va., August 17, 1864-1.20 a.m.

Brevet Major-General EMORY,Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you march at 4 a.m., with your corps, via the Berryville pike, to Berryville, taking position with your command on the ground camped on by your corps on the evening of the first day's march from Harper's Ferry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, Court-House, Berryville, Va., August 17, 1864.

Brevet Major-General EMORY:

Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The headquarters of the major-general commanding are established at the court-house, Berryville, Va. Please send three orderlies to remain here to-night, that there may be no mistake in finding your headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, August 17, 1864.

Major D. S. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nineteenth Army Corps:

SIR: In compliance with orders from headquarters Nineteenth Army Corps, and for the information of the brevet major-general commanding, in reference to the failure of part of this command to march at the appointed hour this morning, I have the honor to state that the orders to be in readiness to move were transmitted to Colonel Beal, commanding First Brigade, without a moment's delay on the part of these headquarters, as were also the orders to march; that the One hundred and fifty-third New York Volunteers, detailed as advance guard, moved punctually at 4 a.m.; that Colonel Beal's command was encamped distant from the town half a mile or more; that the train, in rear of which Colonel Beal was directed to march, did not move with either punctuality or regularity, owing partly to the fact that the troops of the Second Division blocked the way in town, rendering it extremely difficult for regimental teams to join the main train. The blockading of the streets, as stated, interfered with the movements of the First Maine Battery, Captain Bradbury falling in rear of Second Brigade, Second Division, supposing it to be Second Brigade, First Division. I beg to inclose statement of Colonel Beal in the matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

