HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, Harrisburg, Pa., August 17, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS A. ROWLEY,Commanding Monongahela District, Pittsburg, Pa.:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to inform you that disturbances are apprehended on the Canadian line, and it is possible that they may extend toward Erie. You will please direct special attention to that part of your district, and if there is any sign of danger send to that point Captain Thomas H. Bates, Battery A, First New York Artillery, and any other troops you may have at your disposal. You will also take with you such arms and ammunition as may be necessary to use in case of emergency. It may be well for you to proceed at once to Erie and quietly make yourself acquainted with the state of affairs in that region and on the opposite shore, reporting the result of your observations, &amp;c., to these headquarters.

I, am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. SCHULZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTOWN, W. VA., August 18, 1864-11 p.m. [Received 10.45 a.m. 19th.]

LieutenantGeneral U. S. GRANT, City Point, Va.:

In a previous telegram I informed you that I would give up my position at Cedar Creek and fall back to Berryville. The enemy were massing heavily in Luray Valley, and Cedar Creek was no place for defensive operations. I now hold, with cavalry, the line of the Opequon Creek. A heavy force of the enemy's infantry drove General Torbert out of Winchester yesterday evening about dark. He had Wilson's division of cavalry and a small brigade of infantry. I cannot tell the loss; it will be at least 250. No loss of material. All reports I get are to the effect that troops are coming into the Valley from Culpeper. There has been no advance toward Martinsburg. I destroyed all the wheat, hay, and provisions south of Winchester and Berryville, and drove off all the cattle. The enemy is very much chagrined at it. If the enemy should go north of the Potomac I will follow him up. There is no occasion for alarm. General Grover's division joined me this morning at Snicker's Gap.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

CHARLESTOWN, W. VA., August 18, 1864-10.30 p.m. [Received 3.30 a.m. 19th.]

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

My command is posted as follows: two brigades of cavalry at Berryville; one near crossing of the Opequon, by Berryville pike; one division at Summit Point, holding the crossing of the Opequon to Smithfield; Averell's cavalry at Martinsburg. There has been no advance toward Martinsburg. The infantry is at Clifton, and in rear of it, covering the Berryville, Smithfield, and Summit Point roads to Winchester. All the

