
reports I have are to the effect that troops are still coming over from Orange Court-House into the Valley. General Torbert, with Wilson's division and one small brigade of infantry, was driven out of Winchester. I do not know yet what will be his loss.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, August 18, 1864. [Received 1.10 p.m.]

Major General C. C. AUGUR,Commanding Department of Washington:

The general commanding directs that if you have collected the Eighth Illinois Cavalry at Muddy Branch that your order it to scout well out into Loudoun County.

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTOWN, W. VA., August 18, 1864-10 p.m. [Received 4 a.m. 19th.]

Major General C. C. AUGUR, Washington, D. C.:

Keep scouts well out in Loudoun County. I have ordered the Eighth Illinois Cavalry to rendezvous at Muddy Branch Station. The position of my troops is as follows: four brigades of cavalry in front at Berryville and well up toward Winchester at the crossing of the Opequon; one division of cavalry at Summit Point; infantry at Clifton and in rear of Clifton. I am in telegraphic communication with Averell, who is at Martinsburg. Everything is all right in that neighborhood. The line of the Potomac should be watched carefully and information be sent to me should any raiding parties attempt to cross.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS, August 18, 1864.

Major WAITE,

Commanding Eighth Illinois Cavalry:

MAJOR: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that Company L of your regiment has been ordered to report to you, and that Colonel Gamble, commanding Camp Stoneman, has been directed to send to you every officer and enlisted man of the regiment fit for duty, including those at Camp Relief. On the arrival of this company at your camp you will [leaving your regimental men], with your entire available force, make a thorough scout through Loudoun County, Va., in the direction of and well toward Upperville, Middleburg, and Snicker's Gap. The special object of the scout is to break up and exterminate any bands or parties of Mosby's, White's, or other guerrillas which may be met. Mosby is reported to have within reach and control from 400 to 500 men and two pieces of artillery. It will be necessary for you to move with the utmost caution. The nature of the

