
country and the disposition of the inhabitants is such that the safety of your command can only be insured by more than ordinary vigilance on the part of your patrols and guards. It is possible that you may meet from the direction of Culpeper a force superior to your own, it having been reported that a division of Confederate cavalry was moving in that vicinity. It is desirable that you carry no wheels with you, subsisting, on exhaustion of such supplies as you may be able to carry, on what the country offers. Report by telegraph your departure through the command, and return with any information of note you may acquire.

Be pleased to forward to Major Fry the inclosed communication and give him any information he may desire or require concerning the line he is to occupy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS, August 18, 1864.

Major FRY,Commanding Detachment of Cavalry:

MAJOR: The major-general commanding directs that you consult with Major Waite, commanding Eighth Illinois Cavalry, and learn from him the requirements of the line now occupied by him. During the absence of Major Waite you will, with your detachment, perform the duty now performed by him. Be pleased to report the number of your command and make from time to time such reports as are now made by him.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ALEXANDRIA, August 18, 1864. [Received 3.40 p.m.]

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

Mr. William Davis, from below Occoguan, reports that he met a rebel scout, who informed him that heavy columns of cavalry, infantry, and artillery are en route for the Valley of Virginia. The advance was at Gordonsville on Monday morning. Longstreet is in command. Hill's corps, it is rumored, is to follow.

H. H. WELLS,

LieutenantColonel, Provost-Marshal-General, Defenses South of Potomac.

[Copy to General Sheridan.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CAMP, Near Fort Buffalo, Va., August 18, 1864.

LieutenantColonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Asst. Adjt. General,22nd Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that all has been quiet here since last report by Colonel Lazelle. The party sent out on the 14th to the west and south of Centerville returned night before last. There

