
is no force reported in the country visited, but there are many soldiers of the Southern army on furloughs and "horse details." The party brought in a prisoner belonging to the Second Virginia Cavalry and two horses. Two escaped prisoners, one of the First United States and the other of the First New York Dragoons, came in here day before yesterday. They report that Mosby on Sunday morning last attacked the wagon train of the First Cavalry Division and Sixth Corps, guarded by a strong force of infantry, on the other side of Snicker's Gap, capturing over 400 mules, 180 prisoners, 300 head of cattle, and burned over 100 wagons. These men state that they were present at the attack and afterward escaped from the enemy. Colonel Lazelle left here yesterday at 10 a.m. with all of the Sixteenth New York that could be got together. The party are provided with three and a half days' rations and forage.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. S. GANSEVOORT,

Colonel Thirteenth New York Volunteer Cavalry, Comdg. Camp.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, Clifton, Va., August 18, 1864-2.45 p.m.

Brevet Major-General EMORY,Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you move your command without delay via Charlestown pike, and take up a position on the left-hand side of the pike, near Mrs. Frame's, on north fork of Bullskin Run.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL CROOK'S HEADQUARTERS, August 18, 1864-6 p.m.

General MERRITT:

DEAR GENERAL: I did intend to come down to see you, but General Sheridan wishes me to go down to Charlestown with him. This is the second time to-day that I have been here from Summit Point. General Wilson's division, or the main body, is at Summit Point, one regiment at Middleway, one regiment at the crossing of Summit Point road and Opequon Creek, and holding down to the road from Summit Point to Berryville as far as where the road turns off to go to Rippon. Breckinridge's corps made me leave Winchester yesterday evening, but I had not the First Division by a long shot. I had about 700 infantry, and some of it was captured. I will tell you about it when I see you. Send a company to Charlestown at daylight in the morning to bring back dispatches.

Yours,&amp;c.,

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Chief of Cavalry.

53 R R-VOL XLIII, PT I

