
McNulty, Twenty-second Pennsylvania Cavalry, with directions to report that General Averell had left Martinsburg this morning, marching to the Shepherdstown road and to within about seven miles of Smithfield, when he met a scouting party going toward Shepherdstown, and immediately turned about his command and marched in the same direction on the Shepherdstown turnpike. Lieutenant-colonel commanding Fifth New York Cavalry has posted his regiment on the Opequon, and reports that a short distance before arriving there he met about twenty rebel cavalry and drove them across the stream. Latest account from him is 5 p.m., at which time there was no apparent indication of the enemy's advancing in this direction. A squadron sent out by General Chapman has just returned, having thoroughly scouted the country between the Opequon and Martinsburg pike, and reports no evidence of the enemy except a few small scouting parties; none of the rebel forces have passed toward Martinsburg, but the commanding officer of this squadron learned of a Quaker farmer that they had been passing in force from Winchester toward Berryville. Colonel Moore, commanding Twenty-second New York Cavalry, at Smithfield, reports that this afternoon two men of the Fifth New York Cavalry, who had remained in Winchester last night came into his camp this evening, having traveled toward Martinsburg on the pike and reached him by striking across the country. They report no force of the enemy in Winchester, but that the troops which were engaged with my division yesterday afternoon had moved toward Berryville. Two officers at about 7 p.m. passed through this place looking for General Torbert's headquarters. They reported that Lowell had been attacked this p.m. and driven toward Berryville. In view of all these facts it seems quite clear that the enemy has directed his movements upon Berryville, and I have therefore directed General McIntosh to look for them in that quarter and to open communication with General Merritt. As soon as anything of importance is learned from that quarter I will communicate it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, August 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General McINTOSH,Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: It is reported that Colonel Lowell, commanding brigade, has been driven across the Opequon on the left, and it is supposed that the enemy are now this side the creek. The general commanding directs that you open communication with General Merritt at Berryville to ascertain the correctness of this report, and also that you send word to Colonel Hammond informing him of the above, with directions, if possible, to find out himself. The general desires to hear from Colonel Hammond as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

