HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, Summit Point, August 18, 1864-10.45 a.m.

Brigadier-General McINTOSH,Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: According to directions of the chief of cavalry, if you have not already done so, you will without delay strengthen your picket at the stone church on the road over which we advanced this morning, to a full regiment, under a good and responsible officer, and will advance it to the crossing of the Opequon Creek. Having arrived there it will post itself in a most advantageous manner for the purpose of holding that place. The commanding officer will keep pickets out well beyond the crossing and be instructed to communicate frequently with these headquarters; he must also hold his position as long as possible.

By command of Brigadier-General Wilson:

L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, August 18, 1864.

COMMANDING GENERAL, Harper's Ferry, Va.:

The Secretary of War directs that you take and hand over to E. L. Wentz six of the prominent citizen rebels at Harper's Ferry who guided the raiders in their late expeditions. They are to be held as hostages for six negroes taken by the rebels from the railroad force. Report receipt and execution of this order.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, August 18, 1864. [Received 3 p.m.]

General MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

Your telegram received. Mosby attacked the wagon train en route for the front at or near Berryville, eighteen miles from this depot, on the morning of the 13th instant. Captured and burned 50 wagons and ran off about 350 mules. The wagons were principally loaded with forage, subsistence, and regimental property of the First Cavalry Division.

Respectfully,

R. S. GARDNER,

Assistant Quartermaster.

MARTINSBURG, August 18, 1864. [Received 4 a.m.]

Brigadier General J. D. STEVENSON:

Our forces left Winchester last night. Enemy there in strong force reported by General Torbert. Please send following dispatch to General Sheridan:

Reno reports enemy is strong force at Winchester 8 a.m. yesterday. Will send my train to Williamsport and wait till I see enemy. Please send three signal officers

