
CHARLESTOWN, W. VA., August 19, 1864-5 p.m. [Received 9.30 p.m.]

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Your telegram of 10 a.m. received. Fitzburgh Lee's division and a portion of Longstreet's corps crossed from Culpeper into the Valley. It is also probable that a division of A. P. Hill's came up. It is rumored that the intention was to move this force from Culpeper and Early to move from Martinsburg. This was frustrated by Early's being forced back and the troops at Culpeper came into the Valley. Mosby captured about forty wagons from one of my trains. The train was escorted by 100-days' men, under General Kenly, and when attacked by seventy of Mosby's guerrillas the 100 days' men, under General Kenly, and when attacked by seventy of Mosby's guerrillas the 100 days' men ran. About 200 mules were captured. I did not know the extent of the capture until yesterday. It was said everything was recovered except six wagons, but this was not true.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., August 19, 1864. [Received 2 p.m.]

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The army was disposed as follows: General Merritt, at Berryville, with four brigades, picketing the country from Snicker's Ferry, via Stanley [Stone] Church, on Milwood road, to Opequon; General Wilson is at Summit Point, his left joining Merritt; Sheridan's infantry line crosses the Charlestown pike at North Fork of Bullskin Run and extends to Welch's Spring, on the Summit Point road; Averell is at Shepherdstown, with pickets at Martinsburg, Bunker Hill, Smithfield, and toward Winchester. All quiet at 8 a.m. The enemy appears to work east from Winchester. A scout from Hillsborough says he could hear of no enemy Winchester. A scout from Hillsborough says he could hear of no enemy east of Blue Ridge. Line works through to Cumberland yet.

N. P. CHIPMAN,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 9. Charlestown, W. Va., August 19, 1864.

1. Major Russell, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, having reported at these headquarters for duty, in compliance with orders from headquarters Armies of the United States, is hereby assigned to duty on the staff of Brigadier General A. T. A. Torbert, chief of cavalry.

*			*			*			*			*

5. Major John Kellogg, commissary of subsistence, U. S. Army, having reported at these headquarters, in compliance with Special Orders, No. 268, from Adjutant-General's Office, War Department, August 12, 1864, is hereby announced as chief commissary of subsistence of the Middle Military Division.

*			*			*			*			*

