
7. Captain A. F. Hayden, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, is hereby assigned to duty at these headquarters, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

*			*			*			*			*

9. Captain William H. Hosack, acting commissary of subsistence Middle Military Division, is hereby relieved from duty at his own request, and will report to Brevet Major General George Crook, commanding Department and Army of West Virginia.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

E. B. PARSONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,

Charlestown, W. Va., August 19, 1864.

All able-bodied male citizens under the age of fifty who may be suspected of aiding, assisting, or belonging to guerrilla bands now infesting the country will be immediately arrested by corps and independent commanders and forwarded to these headquarters as prisoners of war, to be confined in Fort McHenry, Md. A written statement should be forwarded in every case.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS, Washington, D. C., August 19, 1864-11.30 a.m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,Commanding Middle Military Division, Charlestown, W. Va.:

I have just received your dispatch of 10 a.m. yesterday. The Eighth Illinois Cavalry will all be at Muddy Branch to-day and start immediately on their scout, as you have directed. The river meanwhile will be watched by a provisional battalion of cavalry under Major Fry. Lazelle, with his regiment, is on the upper Rappahannock and will return by the gaps. I get the rumor from a rebel scout that Longstreet in person passed with a large number of troops through Gordonsville last Monday. You probably know by this time if the report be true. I will inform you all that I can learn of what the enemy are doing this side the mountains.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTOWN, W. VA., August 19, 1864-10 p.m. [Received 9 a.m. 20th.]

Major-General AUGUR,

Department of Washington:

I have the honor to inclose you a copy of a dispatch* received from General Grant in reference to the course to be pursued with the citizens of Londoun County, Va. You will please order the commanding officer

---------------

*See Grant to Sheridan, August 16,3.30 p.m., p.811.

---------------

