HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCE, Near Fort Buffalo, Va., August 19, 1864.

LieutenantColonel J. H. TAYLOR,Chief of Staff and Asst. Adjt. General,22nd Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have nothing to report except that all has been quiet here since yesterday. Nothing has been heard from Colonel Lazelle and party.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. S. GANSEVOORT,

Colonel Thirteenth New York Cavalry, Comdg. Cavalry Camp.

POINT LOOKOUT, August 19, 1864-9 a.m.

Major C. H. RAYMOND:

All quiet. I should like to have the order concerning the One hundred and thirty-ninth Ohio issued as soon as possible fixing the day of leaving. It will have a good effect on the men [to] hear that some of the regiments have already reached home. It will be favorable to re-enlistments.

J. BARNES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, August 19, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel FORSYTH,Chief of Staff:

Mr. Beardsley, sutler of the Twenty-ninth Maine, was captured last night with five or six soldiers at a house on the pike half a mile to our rear, and subsequently made his escape. He ascertained, I think, pretty conclusively, that Mosby's camp was on the Shenandoah, nearly abreast of the place where he was captured. A considerable party of them are also on the road to our right and rear, where they killed and captured. A considerable party of them are also on the road to our right and rear, where they killed and captured one or two stragglers from my camp. I thought it useful to communicate this information that General Duffie, if he is in the neighborhood, may be after him.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

D. S. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DETACHMENT 19TH ARMY CORPS, No. 4. Near Charlestown, Va., August 19, 1864.

I. In pursuance of verbal instructions heretofore given, one company will be detailed from each brigade of the Nineteenth Army Corps to act as pioneers. They will be equipped with an equal number of axes and spades, according to the strength of the company, and four pickaxes. They will, in addition to these, carry their arms, but will be allowed, at the discretion of the division commanders, to put their knapsacks in the wagons.

II. All detached men in this command will be required to carry their arms. The provost-marshal is directed to arrest all men who are found without arms in violation of this order.

