HEADQUARTERS FIFTH NEW YORK CAVALRY, August 19, 1864.

Captain C. H. MILLER,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: All has been quiet through the night. Yesterday afternoon an orderly from the Second Massachusetts Cavalry came to me, while I was posting my pickets across country, bringing an order from Colonel Lowell, commanding brigade, to Colonel Cole, First Maryland Cavalry, to fall back gradually, as the enemy were moving up the Berryville pike with infantry, cavalry, and artillery. This orderly said he had come three miles from Colonel Lowell; that Colonel Lowell was then four miles from Berryville toward Winchester and falling back. He said he had not crossed the Opequon Creek.

W. P. BACON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF HARPER'S FERRY, Harper's Ferry, Va., August 19, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN,Commanding Middle Military Division:

GENERAL: This morning a reliable man, who has been used here heretofore, came in from Hillsborough; reports nothing in Loudoun but Mosby's and other guerrillas. I have sent him back to extend his scout down the valley, and make immediate report of any forces of the enemy he may hear of. I have also placed a cavalry force of Cole's [Maryland] regiment at Keyes' Ford, with orders to scout Loudoun Valley. I shall promptly advise you of any information. I am much annoyed about couriers and escorts for trains. The small force detailed here for courier duty is composed of details from Duffie's command. When they are sent to the front on courier duty they are seized by their regimental commanders, and not permitted to return. If this is continued I shall have no couriers. For trains I can furnish no escorts unless I use General Kenly's brigade. He claims to be an independent command, to receive orders alone from your headquarters. The remaining infantry force is on post duty. A small escort of cavalry is all that is required for trains. Having no cavalry I cannot furnish them. The track will be completed, I am advised by Captain Gardner, assistant quartermaster, to-morrow. A considerable number of stragglers are coming in from your command. I have ordered them all to be arrested, and hold them subject to your orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, Charlestown, W. Va., August 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON,

Commanding District of Harper's Ferry:

GENERAL: Your communication of this date received. I am instructed by the general commanding to inform you that a cavalry force will be immediately ordered to report to you for courier and other

54 R R-VOL XLIII, PT I

