
Second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division.

August 1.-The command was in pursuit of McCausland's command from Chambersburg, Pa., toward Hancock, Md.; continued pursuit to Hancock, where the rebels were overtaken and a sharp skirmish ensued on the evening of the 2nd. The rebels fell back and were again pursued on the morning of the following day.

August 7.-The enemy camp was attacked at Moorefield, W. Va., and the enemy routed in utter confusion, leaving in possession of this brigade four pieces of artillery, battle-flags, and 480 prisoners. The command marched to New Creek, took the cars and moved to Hancock, Mc., where it remained until the 15th, when it marched to Martinsburg, W. Va.

August 19.-The command marched to Shepherdstown and remained until the 21st, when it crossed the Potomac River at Shepherdstown and moved to Fairplay, Md., where it remained until the 27th, when the command crossed the Potomac River at Williamsport and marched to Martinsburg. The command remained here until the 31st, when, after a sharp skirmish with the advance column of Breckinridge's corps of the rebel army, it fell back to near Falling Waters and encamped for the night.

September 1.-Encamped near Williamsport, Md.

September 3.-Broke camp at daybreak and moved toward Winchester, Va., when the advance of Lomax's division of rebel cavalry was met and a sharp fight ensued, resulting in the capture of 47 prisoners, 17 wagons, about 100 horses and mules, and the burning of 4 wagons loaded with ammunition. The command then fell back to Darkesville.

September 4.-Advanced to within about eight miles of Winchester; returned to Darkesville and encamped for the night.

September 5.-Advanced to near Stephenson's Depot, and after a sharp fight with Rodes' division of rebel infantry fell back to Darkesville. The command remained here until the 9th, when the command marched to Leetown; remained there until the 12th, when the command returned to Darkesville; after some sharp skirmishing for two days returned to Leetown, where the command remained until the morning of the 19th, when it was on the right of the line in the battle of Opequon, having hard fighting most of the day.

September 22.-Was in the battle of Fisher's Hill, on the right of the line; pressed the enemy heavily until night-fall.

September 24.-Was in the battle of Timberville.

September 26.-In battle near Brown's Gap.

September 27.-In battle at Weyer's Cave.

October 1.-At Harrisonburg; moved in the direction of Luray, where we arrived on the evening of the 2nd; remained here until the 7th. While at Luray a detachment of 300 men, under Major H. Farabee, First West Virginia Cavalry, crossed the Blue Ridge Mountains at Thornton's Gap, and marched to where the Orange and Alexandria Railroad crossed the Rapidan River and burned the bridge, then returned safely to Luray.

October 7.-The command moved to Milford; thence to Guard Hill, on the north side of the Shenandoah River, near Front Royal, where it remained until the 19th, when it fell back a few miles during the day, and returned to its position again on the 21st at Guard Hill.

[November.]-The brigade was encamped at Guard Hill, about two miles north of Front Royal, Va.

November 7.-Broke camp.

