
movement in that direction. I want information of any such movement without delay. If they cross the Potomac I don't want them to get back; keep me posted. If you can send me four or five reliable scouts I will be very much obliged. I will pay them well.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Charlestown, Va., August 19, 1864.

General W. W. AVERELL,

Commanding Second Division:

The chief of cavalry directs that upon the receipt of this dispatch you start all the men belonging to General Duffie's division to this point; also, that you send as soon as possible a return of your command.

Very respectfully,

M. A. RENO,

Captain and Chief of Staff.

[AUGUST 19, 1864.-For Averell to Forsyth, relative to serving under orders of General Torbert, &amp;c., see p. 502.]

[AUGUST 19, 1864.-For Forsyth to Averell, authorizing employment of citizens to obtain information, &c., see p. 502.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Charlestown, Va., August 19, 1864-9.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General AVERELL,

Commanding Division Cavalry:

GENERAL: An officer of the First New York Cavalry and thirty men have just come in to my headquarters, with orders to go to Millwood, Berryville, and Winchester, and at Winchester meet a party out from the north. As I have a division (First) covering the country from Snicker's Ferry out toward Millwood and White Post, the crossing of Opequon Creek by Berryville and Winchester pike and up to the second crossing of the creek, headquarters of this division at Berryville (General Merritt), and another division (Third) connecting with the First on the left and extending to the right as far as Middleway, holding out to the front, main force and headquarters at Summit Point (General Wilson), I do not think it necessary for him to go any farther on his ordered route. He will return with one of your aides, a major, who came in to-day. From all the information we could get to-day, the enemy was moving a large body of cavalry on the pike toward Martinsburg. I wish you would ascertain if this is true, if possible. Keep strong parties as low down the Martinsburg and Winchester pike as it is safe to do. I started parties for Bunker Hill to-day, but have not heard from [them] yet.

Yours, &c.,

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Chief of Cavalry.

