HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,Baltimore, Md., August 19, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JAMES W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff, Middle Military Division:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit for your information a brief statement of the condition of the troops serving in this department:

The First Separate Brigade, commanded by Brigadier General E. B. Tyler, with headquarters at the Relay House, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, is composed of four regiments of infantry, for duty about 1,800 men; First Delaware Cavalry, for duty about 190 men; one battery of artillery, for duty about 120 men. The main body of the above command is concentrated in the vicinity of the Monocacy Junction, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. A small garrison from the above is stationed at Fort Dix. General Tyler is at the Monocacy in command.

The Second Separate Brigade, commanded by Brevet Brigadier General W. W. Morris, U. S. Army, includes the four forts, viz, McHenry, Marshall, Federal Hill, Carroll. The entire garrison of the four forts is, one regiment of infantry, about 800 men; two companies Second U. S. Artillery (dismounted), about 75 men. A small regiment of veteran volunteer infantry is daily expected to arrive from New York for duty in the above-mentioned forts.

The Third Separate Brigade, commanded by Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood, is composed and distributed as follows: Detachment of Veteran Reserve Corps, Second Battalion, in defenses of Baltimore and Fort Worthington, about 260 men; one regiment of infantry-four companies at Wilmington and vicinity, six companies at Wilmington and vicinity, six companies on line Philadelphia, Wilmington, and Baltimore Railroad and Havre de Grace, guarding the bridges and depots-about 800 men (one company of this regiment is being mounted); one regiment of infantry on duty as guards on Northern Central Railroad as far as Westminster and guards to depots and hospitals, &amp;c., in this city, about 700 men; one regiment of infantry, at present on duty guarding squads of prisoners from Point Lookout to Elmira, N. Y., and conveying squads of men to the Army of the Potomac, about 750 men; one company of cavalry on duty at Salisbury, Md., protecting telegraph to Fortress Monroe, about 90 men; detachment, Second Battalion, Veteran Reserve Corps, at hospitals at Wilmington, De., Baltimore, and Annapolis.

I send you the above statement to show you that the utmost I can do to strengthen General E. B. Tyler, commanding First Separate Brigade, who will be the most available to render you aid if needed, will be but little.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, No. 208. Baltimore, August 19, 1864.

* * * * *

6. The detachment of the One hundred and forty-fourth Regiment Ohio National Guard, Major M. D. L. Buell commanding attached to the Third Separate Brigade, Eighth Army Corps, will be put en route, without delay, to report to the commanding officer at Columbus, Ohio, there to be mustered out and paid off at the expiration of their term of serv-

