SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, No. 191. Harrisburg, Pa., August 19, 1864.

* * * * *

6. Captain E. M. Warren, commanding mounted company 100-days' Pennsylvania volunteers, will march his company from Camp Curtin at 6 a.m. 20th instant, and proceed, via Newville, Newburg, Roxbury, Strasburg, Fannettsburg, and Burnt Cabins, to Bloody Run, where he will make his headquarters and carry out his instructions furnished by the commanding general. The men will be supplied with three days' rations in haversacks and two days' rations and forage for three days in wagons. The command will be supplied with sixty rounds of ammunition each man.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

August 20, 1864-5 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

There is in Loudon County a considerable settlement of Quakers favorable to the Union, but never disturbed or conscripted by the rebels. No doubt they would be very willing to have their produce and animals impressed, but ought they not to be personally excepted from the late order to General Sheridan?

C. A. DANA.

CITY POINT, August 20, 1864-9 p.m.

(Received 5 p.m. 21st.)

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Charlestown, Va.:

As stated in previous dispatches, no division or brigade has gone from Lee's army to the Valley except Kershaw's and Fitzhugh Lee's. We have had prisoners and deserters fixing every single brigade within the last three days. Warren's corps is now entrenched across the Weldon road. I shall endeavor to stay there and employ the enemy so actively that he cannot detach further. It is probable that a few regiments may have been detached from different divisions and sent against you, but I have no evidence of it.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CHARLESTOWN, August 20, 1864-10 p.m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

I have nothing important to communicate. The enemy have not gone down the Valley farther than Bunker Hill, and that far only with cavalry. I left everything in that direction for them, but they have not

