
rillas; routed them, captured four. Mosby narrowly escaped by abandoning horse and taking to mountain. A detachment will be sent back with instructions to go as far as Aldie. General Averell's dispatch sent to-day was dated Shepherdstown, where he was when last heard from. General Stevenson pickets to the mouth of the Monocacy. He has a company at Noland's Ferry and one at Point of Rocks. Position of General Sheridan's lines about as last stated. Nothing since 2 a.m. from General Averell. General Stevenson does not extend his pickets above Harper's Ferry more than a mile. Will send statement of forces here in half an hour.

N. P. CHIPMAN,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., August 20, 1864-10 p.m.

(Received 11.30 p.m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTNON,

Secretary of War:

Aggregate force reporting to General Stevenson, commanding Harper's Ferry, is 12,394. Of these 3,059 are armed and equipped as infantry and good fighting men; 2,056 are 100-days' men, ordered home, time expired; 1,416 stragglers and convalescents badly armed, disorganized and of little use; 1,900 dismounted cavalry partially armed. Add to this heavy artillery 480 men, 30 guns; 983 light artillery, 49 guns. This includes all outposts, Frederick, mouth of Monocacy, and between there and here and Halltown. The force is thought ample to hold Maryland Heights proper and Fort Duncan on the point of land about 3,000 yards west of Stone Battery, and the 100-pounder Parrott on the heights, and perfectly commanded by them. The guns of Fort Duncan and Maryland Heights command the town of Harper's Ferry, Bolivar Heights, and would make between heights untenable. It is a mistake, therefore, to suppose Harper's Ferry abandoned by retiring to the heights; it is the only way really to hold it. Will send by mail to-morrow morning diagram with detailed report of defenses, strength, and position of batteries, &amp;c. The force here is not well organized except the artillery, but is rapidly being put in fighting condition.

N. P. CHIPMAN,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,August 20, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Middle Division, Charlestown, Va.:

Major Waite, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, left Muddy Branch at 12 m. to-day, on his scout toward the gaps. He has about 650 men. I directed him to carry out the orders of General Grant, which you sent me, as far as he could, but not to let it interfere with his scouting. I have no report yet from Lazelle.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General, Commanding.

