
warded by Major-General Sheridan, commanding military division.* He directs that these instructions during your scout be carried out to this extent and in this wise: On your return will impress, load with forage, and bring to your camp as many wagons as your command is competent to protect; you will also arrest all male "rebel sympathizers" between the ages of eighteen and fifty who come within your reach and forward them to these headquarters under guard, with lists specifying name, place of residence, and character. You will also specify names of persons from whom wagons and forage are taken. This is not to interfere with the requirements of your scout, but to be accomplished on your return.

Your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

YOUNG'S ISLAND, August 20, 1864.

(Received 3 p.m.)

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff:

I shall cross at this point at 12.30 p.m. with about 650 men, with three days' rations.

JOHN M. WAITE,

Major, &amp;c., Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Falls Church, Va., August 20, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report my return this evening from a scout toward the Rappahannock with 280 men of the Sixteenth New York Cavalry. We passed within eight miles of that river, and had it been necessary, should have gone to it. We were informed by general report that no attempts are making by the rebels to use the railroad or any part of it above Culpeper Court-House, and no repairs of it are making above that point. There are at Warrenton about 2,000 infantry and about 500 cavalry, and a large force, 10,000 men (cavalry and infantry), at Culpeper, moving up toward Warrenton. The rebels are using the roads between Warrenton and Chester Gap and Manassas Gap, and passing trains, troops, and supplies over them constantly. One hundred of Kincheloe's band have been sent to do duty in the west of Stafford and east of Culpeper Counties. This leaves about twenty of his party in the vicinity below the Orange and Alexandria Railroad. Straggling guerrillas were seen, a few picked up, and one belonging to the Fifteenth Virginia Regiment brought in with seven captured horses. We returned by way of Brentsville and Manassas. Beyond the above I have nothing to report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Cavalry, Comdg. Cavalry Brigade.

---------------

*See Grant to Sheridan, August 16, 3.30 p.m., p. 811.

---------------

