HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,August 20, 1864.

Major-General EMORY,

Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have ordered General Crook to come back to a point in rear of you. The cavalry will remain as heretofore at Berryville, and on crossing of Opequon. There is no movement of the enemy's infantry; they appear to be circulating about Winchester. It is reported that Fitzhugh Lee's cavalry is at Bunker Hill, with advance parties as far as Martinsburg. Should any cavalry movement take place you will at once be notified of it.

Very respectfully,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Charlestown, W. Va., August 20, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. W. FORSYTH, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter directing that all detachments of cavalry in my command in excess of that authorized from these headquarters be ordered to report to Brigadier-General Torbert, chief of cavalry. I have received no order designating the number authorized from your headquarters, and respectfully request that I may be informed of the number. The only order that I am cognizant of on this subject is an order from the headquarters of General Wright (then commanding U. S. forces) making the following allowance: To each brigade headquarters as orderlies, three privates; to each division headquarters as orderlies, one non-commissioned officer and five privates; to each corps headquarters as orderlies, one non-commissioned officer and ten privates; to each corps headquarters as escort and provost guard, one officer, four non-commissioned officers, and forty-six men. This distribution has been made as far as possible, there being but one officer and twenty-five men forty duty as escort and provost guard. I respectfully state that at least that number is necessary for provost duty alone. The company of cavalry detailed by General Torbert to relieve the detachments reporting to me was but forty strong, not enough to relieve the orderlies of the corps. All were relieved, however, that could be spared, leaving but twenty-five men for escort and provost duty. Under the allowance above stated I am deficient twenty men.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,August 24, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

The escort at corps headquarters, to consist of one squadron, is all the cavalry that is allowed to an infantry corps. All other orderlies, couriers, &amp;c., must be infantry mounted by the quartermaster's department.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

A. F. HAYDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

