
ments of the enemy. The major-general commanding the army is anxious for information. You will also send out and arrest all male citizens between the ages of sixteen and fifty years in the neighborhood of your camp and lines, and send them to the provost-marshal at these headquarters. It would be well to send well off to your left flank to stir up and kill as many of the bushwhackers as possible who are between you and the river. Give strict orders that no men go more than half a mile from camp, save in organized parties, under officers. The guerrillas have murdered ten or twelve of our men in this neighborhood already.

Very respectfully,

W. MERRITT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,August 20, 1864.

Colonel DI CESNOLA,

Commanding Second Brigade, First Cavalry Division:

COLONEL: I should much rather [that] you remain in command of the brigade until the return of Colonel Devin. I do not know the nature of the order directing your muster-out. If it is not positive, I would recommend you to remain with the brigade for the present.

Very respectfully,

W. MERRITT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Have you heard anything from the reconnaissance toward the Front Royal pike? Report as soon as it returns.

Respectfully,

W. MERRITT.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,August 20, 1864-6.43 p.m.

Captain A. E. DANA,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that both parties sent on to reconnoiter, one to Millwood and the other toward Front Royal pike, reported all quiet toward Front Royal. It seems there has not been any movement or passage of troops in that direction since yesterday. At Millwood the reconnoitering party received instructions from me to surround the town and try to capture Mosby's men, who were reported yet to be in those vicinities, but the officer in charge found no armed men there except the five citizens that I sent to the division provost-marshal. I just received information that our pickets were fired into ten minutes ago in the direction of Front Royal, on the right of the stone chapel. I have a regiment standing to horse to meet any emergency if it is the case, but I suppose it is nothing else but some guerrillas who followed the reconnoitering party.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

DI CESNOLA,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

55 R R-VOL XLIII, PT I

