HEADQUARTERS FIRST NEW YORK DRAGOONS,August 20, 1864.

Captain WILLIAM H. H. EMMONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Reserve Brigade:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with instructions from division headquarters, I proceeded to-day with the First New York Dragoons and Second U. S. Cavalry to Mr. Ware's house, on the Snicker's Ferry pike; there turned to the left and advanced to Myersville and Kabletown, where I halted and sent a scouting party of ten men on the river, where they encountered a party of twelve of Mosby's men, who fired at my men, then ran, crossing the river and dispersing in the hills beyond. I learned from the citizens that Mosby with his men was camped at this point on the river night before last, and that he was through Kabletown yesterday with a small party. I did not cross the river, as my horses were very tired, and there seemed to be no opportunity of bringing the enemy to bay with his numberless mountain roads by which to escape. I would respectfully suggest that if a sufficient force were sent across the river above Kabletown and another at Snicker's Ferry, with orders to cover the roads between the mountains and the river, the former force to move up the river and the latter down, the chances would be much better for capturing his party. I would also report that, in obedience to orders, I arrested the able-bodied citizens found on the route, whom I send you, five in number. In returning through Rippon I struck the rear of our infantry column moving in the direction of Charlestown. Also met Major Starr with the Sixth Pennsylvania about two miles out of this place, establishing a picket-line to cover the Charlestown pike, endeavoring to make connection with the infantry pickets as ordered, which he had not succeeded at that time in doing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HOWARD M. SMITH,

Major, Commanding First New York Dragoons.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Summit Point, August 20, 1864-9.20 a.m.

Captain M. A. RENO,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Forces:

CAPTAIN: Your dispatch in regard to the enemy's intentions, as revealed through General Averell, is just received. I sent you a report from Colonel Moore this morning, indicating movements in the direction of Martinsburg. Have taken measures to ascertain the truth of the reports, and will report. My empty wagons left here last night at 8 p.m. The enemy seems to be picketing the entire line of the Opequon. I have directed a regiment to make a reconnaissance for the purpose of ascertaining the size, position, and movements of all hostile parties on that stream.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

