
and 393 enlisted men, 4 cannon, large quantity of small-arms, 400 horses and equipments; enemy's loss in killed supposed to be heavy; our loss, 7 killed and 21 wounded.

August 8.-General Averell's command arrived at New Creek with the captured property from Oldfields. He is ordered with him command to Hancock, Md., from whence he will report to Major-General Sheridan.

August 24.-The picket-post at Huttonsville, W. Va., seventy strong, Eighth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, was surprised and captured; the men were paroled and the horses and arms were carried off by the enemy. October 29.-About 5 a. m. the outpost of this command at Beverly, W. Va., Lieutenant Colonel R. Youart, Eighth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, commanding, was attacked by 350 Confederates from Jackson's and Imboden's commands, under Major Hall. After two hours' hard fighting the enemy were completely routed, and took to the mountains very much demoralized, with a loss of Lieutenants Gamble and Kearsley killed; 25 wounded in our hands (including Major Hall, mortally wounded; Lieutenant Lorentz, slightly, and Lieutenant Reger, severely); 93 prisoners (including Lieutenant Lurty, besides 2 surgeons, who are taking care of their wounded). Ninety stand of arms of various patterns were taken. Our loss was 1 lieutenant (Joshua Peck) and 8 men killed, 15 men missing, and 1 man mortally, 15 severely, and 7 slightly wounded. Lieutenant-Colonel Youart had 200 men in the action. The Union carbine, a worthless weapon, with which many of his men were armed, endangered the colonel's success; as it was, they did the principal part of their fighting with their fists and butt ends of their guns.

Forces at New Creek, W. Va.

[October.]-Nothing of importance has occurred during the past month, save the usual scouting done by the cavalry at this post.

November 27.-Near Moorefield, W. Va., Lieutenant Colonel R. E. Fleming, with 100 mounted men from the Fifth and Sixth West Virginia Cavalry, and one piece of artillery from Battery L, First Illinois Light Artillery, had a severe engagement with the enemy, but was overpowered by superior numbers, and withdrew to New Creek, W. Va.

November 28.-Near Moorefield, W. Va., Major P. J. Potts, with 160 mounted men from the Sixth West Virginia Cavalry, had a skirmish with the enemy, capturing one rebel lieutenant and twelve men. The enemy, under General Rosser, captured the garrison at this place, destroying quartermaster's and commissary stores, &amp;c.

First Brigade, U. S. Forces at Martinsburg.

[October.]-The brigade has been in camp near the town of Martinsburg, W. Va., doing picket duty and guarding Government stores in town.

Railroad Forces West of Hancock.

Nothing of importance transpired during the month of December in this command. The usual scouting parties were sent out, &c.

Railroad Forces West of Piedmont.

September 26.-A rebel force of about 900 strong, under Colonel Witcher, entered Weston, Lewis County, robbed the banks, stores, and dwellings of the citizens, and committed many outrages. They proceeded from Weston to Buckhannon, which place they attacked with

