
informed by the Assistant Secretary of War that Loudoun County has a large population of Quakers, who are all favorably disposed to the Union. These people may be exempted from arrest.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, August 21, 1864-5 p.m.

(Received 6.30 a.m. 22nd.)

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN, Charlestown, Va.:

We have had prisoners and deserters from every division and brigade of Lee's and Beauregard's armies in the last four days except Fitz Lee's cavalry and Kershaw's division. These we know have gone to the Valley. A man employed by the provost-marshal visits Orange Court-House regularly and gets accurate reports from there. Not a regiment has passed there in the last two weeks going either way. To-day several attacks of the enemy on our forces occupying the Weldon road have been repulsed, wiht very little loss to us and considerable to them in killed, wounded, and captured. If operations planned for to-morrow are as successful as I hope they will be I think the troops in the Valley, or a portion of them, are more likely to be withdrawn than to be re-enforced from here.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, August 21, 1864-3 p.m.

Colonel CHIPMAN, Harper's Ferry, Va.:

What news now?

A. LINCOLN.

BOLIVAR HEIGHTS, August 21, 1864-4.30 p.m.

(Received 6 p.m.)

To the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

Without myself having been to the front, from the best sources of information the following is true: Two rebel divisions came down the Martinsburg road; attacked suddenly a part of Sixth Corps at inspection and at first drove them. Our troops rallied and in turn drove the enemy. The force engaged increased on both sides and was apparently kept up pretty hotly for three hours, not extending, however, to general engagement. Artillery firing still continues and seems to have shifted to the left of Charlestown. Cannot hear the musketry at this writing. Will have messenger from the front soon.

N. P. CHIPMAN,

Colonel, Aide-de-Camp.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., August 21, 1864-10 a.m.

(Received 11.40 a.m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Averell's scouts, on their way with reports to General Sheridan, say that Averell has gone to Hagerstown. The enemy in force at Martinsburg and moving toward Shepherdstown. Couriers will be sent at once to communicate with Averell.

N. P. CHIPMAN,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

