
BOLIVAR HEIGHTS, August 21, 1864-1 p.m.

(Received 1.40 p.m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

A battle is being fought at and to the right of Charlestown. Firing began about 11 a.m. Musketry and artillery heard from these heights, and is quite heavy. Indication of an attempt to turn our right, as firing is confined to that part of the line on Shepherdstown and Charlestown road.

N. P. CHIPMAN,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., August 21, 1864-6 p.m.

(Received 8.40 p.m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

No firing can be heard now. Captain Sheridan left the front at 2 p.m. with orders to General Stevenson. He says up to that time the fight had been but little more than an attempt to develop our force, and was maintained by an increased skirmish and picket line. The artillery firing was by the enemy, except on the left, near Berryville, where our cavalry was fighting. They used a six-gun battery quite lively. The left of infantry line rests a mile beyond Charlestown and a little to the left of the Winchester pike, the right resting on the Leetown road leading from Charlestown to Martinsburg. The cavalry cover from left to Shenandoah and from right along Opequon to Potomac. The enemy showed no battle-line to-day, but General Sheridan thinks his movement a precursor of battle and is ready for him. Trains and all army baggage are being parked in valley this side Bolivar Heights. Harper's Ferry force is in as good shape as it will admit of. No report from Averell or east of Blue Ridge to-day. Averell pickets to Shepherdstown and to Hagerstown and is himself near the latter place.

N. P. CHIPMAN,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, August 21, 1864- p.m.

Colonel CHIPMAN,

Harper's Ferry:

You may go to the front if you wish, keeping me advised of the condition of things.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,Washington, August 21, 1864-7.30 a.m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Comdg. Middle Military Division, Charlestown, Va.:

Lazelle has returned, and reports as follows:

There are at Warrenton about 2,000 infantry and about 500 cavalry, and a large force of 10,000 men, cavalry and infantry, at Culpeper, moving up toward Warrenton. The rebels are using the roads between Warrenton and Chester Gap and Manassas Gap, and passing trains, troops, and supplies over them constantly.

