
He does not mention how he ascertained these figures. He has most probably depended upon reports of citizens. I will learn more definitely and inform you.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,Washington, D. C. August 21, 1864-9.20 p.m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Comdg. Middle Military Division, Charlestown, W. Va.:

Lazelle says he received his information concerning the enemy's forces at Culpeper from a citizen who had just left there. He also informed him about the forces at Warrenton. Colonel Gansevoort, with his regiment, the Thirteenth New York Cavalry, goes out to-morrow to scout in the vicinity of those places. The Forty-first New York arrived here from Hilton Head to-day, about 400 men. Two more regiments on their way.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT CORCORAN, August 21, 1864.

(Received 2.10 p.m.)

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff:

Colonel Whistler was assigned to duty in these defenses by orders from department headquarters to command the brigade formerly Tannatt's. I respectfully request authority to assign him to the command of the brigade from Richardson to Ellsworth, where I now have a veteran reserve regiment and have to-day ordered the One hundred and third New York Volunteers. His experience and energy will be of the greatest possible avail in instructing that brigade. The Tenth New York Artillery and several old batteries hold the works in this present command.

G. A. DE RUSSY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,August 21, 1864.

Colonel LAZELLE,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Falls Church, Va.:

Please state more definitely from whom you received the information respecting the enemy's forces and movements, contained in your dispatch of last night, and if you have good reasons for thinking it reliable. Have the other regiment gotten together at once and sent out toward Warrenton, to learn what is going on there. The Eighth Illinois Cavalry left Muddy Branch yesterday to scout toward Middleburg. Report when the Thirteenth leaves.

Yours, &amp;c.,

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General.

