HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Charlestown, Va., August 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General WILSON,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: There is now firing in front of General Wright, who is in the rear of Welch's Spring. You will move your division at once, in front of General Wright, on the Smithfield (or Middleway) and Charlestown pike. Leave a strong force on the road from Summit Point to this place. I presume the best way to come back to your position is to take the first road to your rear, going north to the pike. Communicate often. Cover all roads to your front and right. Averell has gone across the Potomac.

Very respectfully,

M. A. RENO,

Captain and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Near Summit Point, August 21, 1864-2.05 p.m.

Captain RENO,

Chief of Staff:

CAPTAIN: Just as your orders were received the enemy advanced with infantry against my position, but was checked by skirmishers and artillery sufficiently to allow me to withdraw. I am now at the cross-roads, about one mile and a half east of Summit Point, but as the officers who came through report the direct road already occupied by the enemy, who moved in by Middleway, I have therefore through it prudent not to leave the direct road to the Berryville and Charlestown pike till I ascertain that I am either not followed or till the direct Charlestown road is clear. I have sent scouting party to ascertain that fact and shall act as soon as I hear the result. In case the enemy is on it, I propose to move to the Berryville and Charlestown pike and form a junction with Merritt, having previously notified him of what is going on, and advised him, if not already ordered, to fall back and connect with me. Have just received a note from him saying Lowell had been attacked and he would do as indicated above.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,On North Fork Bullskin, August 21, 1864-3.50 p.m.

Captain RENO,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Forces, Charlestown:

CAPTAIN: My division is now here with one regiment at cross-roads this side of Summit; the infantry are also with us. The force which moved in by Summit Point have struck off to the northward. No sign of Merritt yet; have sent to him, and will do all I can to protect his flank till he arrives. I hear artillery in the direction of Clifton. Expect news from him soon. Have sent my train into Charlestown with directions to report for the general's orders. Have parties of observation out in all directions, particularly toward Summit and Middleway.

