HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF HARPER'S FERRY,Harper's Ferry, Va., August 21, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Middle Military Division:

GENERAL: I have sent scouts to-day in Loudoun as far as Aldie, and another down Blue Ridge as far as Snicker's Gap; shall report as soon as they return. All trains are parked under guns of Camp Hill. I hold Bolivar Heights with strong infantry line as far as Horseshoe, and then on second ridge as far as Shenandoah River. Have in position on my line twenty pieces of artillery. Think I can hold the line easily against attacking force of 10,000 men. You can rely upon a desperate effort to hold everything safe; at least, give yourself no uneasiness that anything will be yielded to the enemy as long as the men last. I send you copy of dispatch just received from Averell.* Its contents I need not repeat. Signal stations are established on Maryland Heights, Camp Hill, and connected line of couriers with Averell.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,In the Field, August 21, 1864.

Brigadier General W. W. AVERELL,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: All the information received is to the effect that the enemy have concentrated their forces in and around Bunker Hill and Winchester. We are picketing the Opequon Creek. The enemy have just made an attack on the regiment at Middleway; does not amount to anything.

Very respectfully,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &c.

HARPER'S FERRY, August 21, 1864-11 a.m.

Brigadier-General AVERELL,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I desire very much to be able to communicate to the War Department the precise condition of our right, which you hold, I believe. Your scouts passing here en route to General Sheridan say that you have gone to Hagerstown, and that the enemy are moving toward Shepherdstown from Martinsburg, where they are in force. This information, if true, is very important. I have telegraphed it to the Department, but hope to hear more definitely from you. Your dispatch from Shepherdstown at 2 a.m. yesterday I sent forward. Please reply by return courier. Scout from Leesburg yesterday could hear of no enemy. They encountered a small band of Mosby's guerrillas, put them to flight, captured four, and compelled Mosby himself to abandon his horse and

---------------

*See 7.30 a.m., p. 503.

---------------

