
their advance guard on the morning of the 27th, but were gallantly repulsed by Captain H. H. Hagans' company (A), First West Virginia Cavalry, who drove them out of town; but the main body coming up, he was forced to retire, which he did in good order. No los on our side; several of the enemy wounded. The rebels took possession of the town, but owing to timely information the preceding evening the damage and loss were slight, the merchants and inhabitants having during the night moved their most valuable property. On the afternoon of the 27th a volunteer scout of about fifty citizens was started from Clarksburg toward Buckhannon to feel the country and gather information of the enemy's movements. This force made their way to Buckhannon, arriving there without hearing of the enemy before daylight on the morning of the 28th. They found the town deserted, but had not been there over an hour before it was surrounded by the whole rebel force and the scouting party were mostly captured. They were released after being robbed of their money, clothes, watches, &amp;c. The enemy left Buckhannon again at noon on the 28th, and, as afterward ascertained, left the country, via French Creek and Jacksonville, through Braxton and Webster Counties.

November 11.-A detachment of twenty men, Company A, Sixth West Virginia Infantry, under Lieutenant B. F. Coogle, moved from Piedmont to Mannington, W. Va., a distance of 113 miles west; sent to clear the country of rebel horse-thieves and bushwhackers; captured several.

November 28.-The rebels under Generals Rosser, McCausland, and Payne surprised the forces at New Creek about 10 a. m., and it is supposed that all of Company L, Sixth West Virginia Infantry, Lieutenant William R. McDonald and 51 men, was captured. Captain John Fisher, Company A, at Piedmont, hearing of the enemy being at New Creek, made preparations for the defense of Piedmont by calling in a detachment of his company from Bloomington, making a total of thirty-five effective men. The enemy, 300 strong, commanded by Major McDonald, approached Piedmont at 2 p. m. on the New Creek road. Captain Fisher, after some skirmishing, finding the rebels far outnumbered his command, fell back across the river on a hill, from whence he had command of the town. The enemy twice attempted to cross the river, but were each time repulsed. After three hours' stubborn resistance on the part of Captain Fisher and his gallant band, the rebels retired on the Elk Garden road, having only succeeded in firing one of the railroad shops and leaving behind them 1 man killed, 1 mortally and 2 slightly wounded. They carried with them some 10 or 15 wounded. Captain Fisher lost none, and great praise is due him and his men for their gallant defense of the town.

[December.]-This regiment (Sixth West Virginia Infantry) is guarding the Baltimore and Ohio and Northwestern Virginia railroads from Piedmont, W. Va., through Grafton to Wheeling and Parkersburg, W. Va.

December 8.-Detachment of Company B, Sixth West Virginia Infantry, twenty men, under command of Lieutenant Freeman, marched from Clarksburg to Mannington to scout Marion and adjacent counties and rid them of rebel horse-thieves, deserters, and guerrillas. They are doing good service, having had several skirmishes, killing 2 and capturing 8 of the enemy, without loss on our part.

December 28.-Company G, Sixth West Virginia Infantry, moved from Parkersburg, W. Va., to Piedmont, W. Va., 177 miles east by railroad, by order of Brevet Major General B. F. Kelley. The remnant of

