
sundown at Snicker's Gap or east of there. Party that went to Aldie not returned. Received report from Averell last night at midnight. His headquarters are at Fair Play. He covers the crossing from Antietam Ford to Williamsport and beyond to Cherry Run. He scouts the country around Martinsburg, Hedgesville, and Shepherdstown, and also in Back Valley. Says Fitz Lee and Breckinridge came to Martinsburg on the 19th, but returned again toward Winchester or Pughtown. He has rumors now that they are going west. All quiet in front. Intrenchments are being thrown up along the ridge mentioned.

N. P. CHIPMAN,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

HARPER'S FERRY, August 22, 1864-8.30 p.m.

(Received 8.40 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Lieutenant Atwell, with twenty Loudoun (Virginia) Rangers, just returned from scout toward Aldie. Crossed at Point of Rocks yesterday morning early; went in direction of Leesburg, where they encountered detachment of White's men; routed them, with loss of three mortally wounded; thence proceeded to Dry Hollow and Grove Meeting-House, where they found five of Mosby's men, who had just murdered a sick paroled Federal soldier; thence returned by way of Goose Creek Church, Harmony, and Waterford. White, with 100 men, being at Aldie, they did not go there, as instructed. No enemy heard of north of Rectortown. Longstreet's command reported at Sparrowsville [Sperryville] Gap and Front Royal. All quiet in front. Has rained most of afternoon. General Torbert is at Shepherdstown. Enemy thought to be in force on Sheridan's left.

N. P. CHIPMAN,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS, No. 207. August 22, 1864.

* * * *

8. The Seventy-fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers having pursuant to instructions from headquarters of the army, reported at these headquarters, is hereby assigned to De Russy's division, and will be reported for duty, without delay, according. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * *

10. The One hundred and third Regiment New York Volunteers, having reported to these headquarters, are hereby assigned to De Russy's division, and will be reported for duty, without delay, accordingly. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Augur:

C. H. RAYMOND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

56 R R-VOL XLIII, PT I

