
when I may deem it prudent, or wait for final instructions from you. Torbert also reported a force following Cesnola toward Shepherdstown. I've sent to see about it, and if I find it cavalry I am directed to attack it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Engel's Place, on Baltimore and Ohio Railroad,

August 22, 1864-3.40 p.m.

[Lieutenant Colonel J. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff:]

COLONEL: I send herewith dispatch just received from General Torbert for you. Scouts say the force which followed Cesnola was about fifty cavalry; also that the enemy have no force yet in neighborhood of Duffield's, his line of infantry not extending over a mile north of the Charlestown pike, and cavalry beginning there, but not in any considerable force. The only movements observed were rather toward your left flank than in this direction. I will continue my observations. I have two pickets of half a regiment each on the Halltown and Shepherdstown road at croos-roads, on right and left of railroad; patrol to Duffield's and to a point toward Shepherdstown where Merritt has a brigade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Halltown, Va., August 22, 1864-4 p.m.

Brigadier-General WILSON,

Commanding Third Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The general directs me to say that the instructions of General Tobert are all right. Please notify General Torbert that Colonel Lowell reports a column of rebel infantry moving from our left toward Shepherdstown on the Shepherdstown road.

Respectfully,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Engel's, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, August 22, 1864-5 p.m.

Captain RENO,

Chief of Staff:

I am directed by General Sheridan to inform General Torbert that "Colonel Lowell reports a column of rebel infantry moving from our left toward Shepherdtown on the Shepherdstown road." I have two strong picket forces on the Halltown and Shepherdstown road-one where the Zion Church road crosses, the other where the Duffield's

