
it. I trust, however, that the general commanding will do me justice. The general commanding, in granting me leave of absence for twenty days, ordered me to report at its expiration to General Stevenson, but I think the general commanding has not been or is not aware of my seniority over General Stevenson (my promotion dates from April 28, 1862); but should, however, such be the case, I would most respectfully beg leave to remark that as an old regular officer, who served the United States faithfully since April, 1861, and who received his promotion through the recommendation of his commanding officer, I would never waive my rank to any officer in the army being my junior.

I hope that the general commanding will excuse the foregoing remarks, and will fully understand my feelings at being relieved at the present time from a position of trust. Every military, as well as civil, person would consider such relief as a mark of displeasure.

I remain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, August 22, 1864.

Captain BOTSFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Harper's Ferry:

Heavy rain in the mountains; river rising. There will undoubtedly be quite a rise in the river below. Please communicate this information to the general. The men in charge of the pontoon bridge should be advised and directed to be on the alert.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

NEW CREEK, August 22, 1864.

Brevet Major-General KELLEY:

I left east of Greenland last evening. Information direct from Moorefield. There were 300 rebel cavalry there yesterday fixing for a move. Could not find out in what direction.

A. HINKLE.

NEW CREEK, August 22, 1864.

(Received Cumberland 4 p.m.)

General KELLEY:

My scouts in from Burlington, via Ridgeville, say the citizens report a large force of the enemy at Moorefield and Petersburg.

R. STEVENSON,

Colonel.

CUMBERLAND, August 22, 1864.

Colonel STEVENSON,

New Creek:

Direct Major Simpson to send a scout of the Eleventh Infantry, 100 strong, and a squad of cavalry of twenty men to Greenland Gap with five days' rations, to learn, if possible, the movements of McNeill.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

