
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, No. 48. Harrisburg, Pa. August 22, 1864.

Fort Miffin, near Philadelphia, is hereby announced as the military prison for this department, and will be directly under the orders of the commanding general of the same.

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[AUGUST 23, 1864.-For Sheridan to Halleck, reporting operations, &amp;c., see p. 20.]

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., August 23, 1864-10.30 p.m.

(Received 24th.)

Major-General AUGUR,

Commanding:

Some of my scouts report Pickett's and Field's divisions here, and that they will go through Snicker's Gap. I do not believe they are here, but the rebels have been very bold. I have not been able to capture well out toward Snicker's Gap and let me know quickly of any movement. If there is anything in this report, it is that Pickett's and Field's divisions were at Culpeper, as reported by Lazelle. There will be a rise of the river, caused by heavy rains in the mountains, so Kelly reports. Everything is all right here; a little skirmishing; nobody hurt. On the 21st the pickets of the Sixth Corps pitched into the pickets of the rebs about the possession of the crest of a hill and drove them off it, but there has been no fighting. The cavalry also skirmished at Summit Point and Berryville, but with little loss. I have everything well in hand, but I do not feel justified in acting otherwise than on the defensive. Have you heard from the Eighth Illinois Cavalry?

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS HARDIN'S DIVISION,TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF WASHINGTON,

Washington, D. C., August 23, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel THOMAS,

Commanding Second Brigade:

I am directed by the general commanding to instruct you that you will notify Major Goebel to the following effect: The six companies of the Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps and the four companies of the Tenth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, now in this command, are consolidated for certain purposes, and the senior officer of the two detachments is to command the combination. All duties, such as drills, police, and punishments, are to be regulated by the commanding officer of the combination. All reports are to be made out separately for the parts of regiments and consolidated at the headquarters of the commanding officer of the combination before being sent to brigade headquarters. The senior officer of duty with each detachment of these regi-

