
Company I was moved from Cumberland to Piedmont, twenty-seven miles by railroad west, and temporarily assigned to duty with Captain Fisher, Company A, by order of Brevet Major-General Kelley, commanding forces west of Hancock, Md. Company M consolidated with Companies L and O by virtue of Special Orders, No. 72, headquarters Department of West Virginia, December 21, 1864.

Forces on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

November 25.-Information was received that the commands of McNeill and Woodson, rebel partisans, were operating in the vicinity of Moorefield.

November 26.-Two detachments were sent out from New Creek for the purpose of driving away these parties. Lieutenant-Colonel Fleming, Sixth West Virginia Cavalry, with 120 men, cavalry and artillery, proceeded up the New Creek Valley, with instructions to approach Moorefield from the west, and Major Potts, with 155 men of the Fifth and Sixth West Virginia Cavalry, was directed to proceed via Romney and approach Moorefield from the east, both to arrive before the place at daylight on the 28th. The State troops of Pendleton County, W. Va., numbering about 150 men, were ordered to occupy South Fork, to prevent the enemy from escaping via Brock's Gap up South Fork Valley. Lieutenant-Colonel Fleming approached Moorefield on the evening of the 27th, but found the place occupied by a large force of the enemy under General Rosser; was driven back, losing 20 men and 1 piece of artillery. Major Potts, with his detachment, arrived on the morning of the 28th and was compelled to retire; he captured 1 rebel lieutenant and 12 men.

November 28.-About 10 a. m. the forces stationed at New Creek, consisting of the Fifth and Sixth West Virginia Cavalry; Battery H, First West Virginia Artillery, and a portion of Battery L, First Illinois Artillery, numbering about 800 effective men, under the command of Colonel G. R. Latham, Fifth West Virginia Cavalry, were surprised by Generals Rosser's and Payne's forces, numbering probably 2,000. The enemy captured about 460 men and 3 pieces of artillery; burned the Government warehouses, which contained a considerable amount of quartermaster's and commissary stores. After they had occupied New Creek a detachment of the rebels, Major McDonald commanding, advanced to Piedmont, six miles west of New Creek, on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, with the evident intention of destroying the important railroad buildings there, but in this they were unsuccessful, owing to the gallant defense made by Captain John Fisher, Company A, Sixth West Virginia Infantry, and a detachment of thirty-five men. The enemy were compelled to retire, leaving behind 1 man killed and 3 badly wounded, and carrying with them 10 or 15 wounded. Captain Fisher lost none. The whole rebel force retreated the same day up the New Creek Valley. Major Potts, with 150 men, who had returned from Moorefield, was directed to follow and harass their rear and pick up stragglers.

CAVALRY.*

First Division.

August 1 to 6.-The division was engaged in embarkation from City Point, Va., to Giesborough Point, D. C., and completed on the 7th.

August 7.-Marched, via Washington, to Tennallytown.

---------------

*Commanded by Brevet Major General Alfred T. A. Torbert, U. S. Army.

---------------

