
strong force in the neighborhood of the mills, reported by the people to be cavalry, infantry, and artillery. Cavalry was observed moving to the right rapidly after he struck the enemy's pickets. Nothing was seen beyond Zoar Church, though it was reported that Gilmor with about fifty men had moved toward Kearneysville. General McIntosh thinks he ought to have pushed a little farther, but at the cost of a fight. I have just received a note from General Torbert saying he had been to Kearneysville, but found no enemy. All quiet in the direction of Shepherdstown. Please let me know if this operations shall be repeated to-morrow.

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Engle's, August 23, 1864.

Captain M. A. RENO,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Forces:

I have just ordered McIntosh, with three regiments, to make a reconnaissance of the enemy to ascertain his whereabouts, &amp;c. Zoar Church and the head of Halltown run, and the country toward Charlestown, are the regions in which he is to operate. This reconnaissance is made in pursuance of instructions from General Sheridan, who directs me to inform you of it. I will inform you of results.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,August 23, 1864-2.25 p.m.

Brigadier-General McINTOSH,

Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: In accordance with instructions from the major-general commanding Middle Military Division, you will, without delay, make a reconnaissance toward Charlestown, using for that purpose about three of your regiments, leaving the balance of your brigade and the battery behind. The general does not desire the force sent out to become engaged; he simply wishes information of the whereabouts of the enemy and his movements.

By command of Brigadier-General Wilson:

L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,August 23, 1864.

General STEVENSON:

I want the brigade of the Nineteenth Corps at Bolivar Heights moved to a point to the left and rear of my line, where there is a battery of General Crook's now in position. Send a battery with this brigade so that General Crook's battery can be relieved and sent to him.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

