
of Rocks; my patrols go no farther west. We make a certainty of knowing what is going on in the Middle Department and on its immediate borders. We get little or no information of the movements of the enemy. Will telegraph you promptly anything I receive.

E. B. TYLER,

Brigadier-General.

[AUGUST 24, 1864.-For Sheridan to Halleck, reporting operations, &amp;c., see p. 20.]

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., August 24, 1864.

(Received 3.20 p.m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The formation of Sheridan's line is as follows: Sixth Corps on right, Nineteenth center, General Crook on left. General Crook is strengthened by a division form Sixth Corps and some other troops massed in support. It is not possible to assault the line successfully except on the left, and every precaution is taken against it there. A reconnaissance at 6 p.m. yesterday, from the right, with cavalry, found no enemy in front of Wright. A scout out to Shepherdstown and Charlestown road followed it to left; found enemy apparently in force about two miles this side of Charlestown. No enemy east of Snicker's Gap at 9 p.m. yesterday. A reconnaissance is now being made in Crook's and Emory's front. Rains have not raised the river perceptibly.

N. P. CHIPMAN,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 14. Near Halltown, Va., August 24, 1864.

* * * * *

3. Lieutenant Colonel C. R. Smith, Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, is hereby announced as provost-marshal at these headquarters, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

* * * * *

9. The First Cavalry Division, Army of West Virginia, Brigadier-General Duffie commanding, will be at once dismounted, with the exception of the First New York (Lincoln) and the Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry. All unserviceable horses belonging to this division will be turned over to the proper accounting officer of the quartermaster's department at Harper's Ferry, Va.

10. As soon as mounted, the above-named regiments will report as follows: The First New York (Lincoln) Cavalry to Brigadier-General Averell, commanding Second Cavalry Division, at Fair Play, near Williamsport, Md., for assignment; the Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry to Brigadier-General Stevenson, commanding Military District of Harper's Ferry, for duty.

11. Brigadier-General Duffie will remount his division, under the direction of his department commander, and at such point as he may designate.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

A. F. HAYDEN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

