HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,August 24, 1864-12.30 p.m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Middle Division, Harper's Ferry:

I have good reason to believe that the Eighth Illinois Cavalry have been in the vicinity of Hillsborough.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,Washington, D. C. August 24, 1864-9 p.m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Middle Division, Harper's Ferry:

Major Waite, commanding Eighth Illinois Cavalry, has returned to Muddy Branch with his regiment, bringing in sixty-two men, rebel sympathizers, arrested under Lieutenant-General Grant's order. He brings in also all the horses he found fit for cavalry service. He found no old corn, but plenty of new and anthracite wheat and hay, but says he could not find wagons enough to bring in one stack of what. He found very few negroes. He saw no signs of the enemy, except small squads of Mosby's men. I will send Major Waite out again as soon as his horses are rested. Do you wish all the crops destroyed that cannot be brought in?

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

HALLTOWN, W. VA., August 24, 1864-9.30 p.m.

(Received 12.30 a.m. 25th.)

Major-General AUGUR,

Commanding:

I have nothing very important to communicate. Report sent you by Colonel Lazelle of information received from a refugee has been to some extent confirmed by reports from other sources, excepting as to time. Both Crook and Emory made reconnaissances to-day. Crook drove in the advance line of the enemy on our left, capturing some prisoners from Early's corps. My information from Snicker's Gap is that no troops have passed through in your direction. I will commence operations seriously with the cavalry to-morrow. Early cannot maintain his present position, and from indications does not know what to do. He cannot cross at Williamsport, for he gives up his line, and I do not believe that B[reckinridge] can cross at Snicker's Gap or the other passes for nearly the same reason. I hope the Eighth Illinois has cleaned out Loudoun Valley. I will do the same with this country before I am done with it. The Second Cavalry was in Martinsburg yesterday and last night. Nothing has been there except a small squad of rebels for only an hour or so at a time.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

