
These are reflections and deductions, Mr. Secretary (which pardon me for making), plainly inferable and deducible from my standpoint and are doubtless not strange to yourself. My telegrams from time to time have given only facts as I could glean them, as I supposed, and still suppose, you prefer to draw your own conclusions.

General Torbert is directed to try and draw Fitz Lee into a fight to-day, while, in front, General Sheridan will give Early a little quiet.

I am, Mr. Secretary, your obedient servant,

N. P. CHIPMAN,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT. 8TH ARMY CORPS, No. 213. Baltimore, August 25, 1864.

* * * * *

2. The Ninety-first Regiment New York Veteran Volunteers, having reported to these headquarters, in obedience to orders from the honorable Secretary of War, is hereby ordered to proceed to Fort McHenry and report to Brevet Brigadier General W. W. Morris, U. S. Army, commanding Second Separate Brigade, Eighth Army Corps.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,

Baltimore, Md., August 25, 1864

Brevet Brigadier General W. W. MORRIS,

Commanding Second Separate Brigade:

GENERAL: I am directed by Major-General Wallace to say that inasmuch as the Ninety-first New York Infantry Veteran Volunteers has been ordered to report to you for duty, you are requested to strengthen the garrison at Fort Federal Hill, so that hereafter it will be unnecessary for the commanding officer there to ask for detail to forward stragglers to their commands.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES R. ROSS,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CLARKSBURG, August 25, 1864-8 a.m.

(Received 12.15 p.m.)

Colonel J. A. HARDIE,

Inspector-General:

I left Beverly yesterday at 7 a.m. At 3 a.m. yesterday morning a party of the enemy, about 100 strong, surprised an outpost at Huttonsville, ten miles the other side of Beverly, and captured seventy-five horses, horse equipments, arms; they did not take any of the men. The force at Beverly is 477, Eighth Ohio Cavalry; they are armed with the Union carbine, a worthless arm; have only fifteen rounds of ammunition per man; have not pistols nor sabers. One company of

