
First West Virginia Cavalry is at Buckhannon, sixty men; this company is not mounted. About sixty of the enemy were reported seventeen miles from Buckhannon yesterday going in the direction of Weston. Only forty men at this post, none at Webster, and part of a company at Grafton. There is danger of the enemy breaking up the railroad between Cumberland and Wheeling, unless other dispositions of the troops are made in this vicinity. I go from here to Cumberland to-day.

WM. SINCLAIR,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

HALLTOWN, VA., August 25, 1864-8 a.m.

(Received 12.30 p.m.)

Major-General AUGUR,

Commanding Department of Washington:

The major-general commanding is exceedingly anxious to have Snicker's Gap and vicinity watched, and the earliest information of any movement of any enemy through the gap. He desires that you have scouting parties and reliable scouts, if you have them, sent to the gap, so as to watch it; you should send at the earliest possible moment.

All wheat, hay, and fodder in Loudoun County that can be burned up should be. General Grant directs that all the corps be carried off or destroyed.

Respectfully,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,Washington, D. C., August 25, 1864-9 p.m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Comdg. Middle Military Division, Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

Among the persons brought in by Major Waite is one well known to me as a reliable Union man, who has heretofore given me valuable information; he is from Upperville; says he heard no talk there of the rebel army intending to move this way; says they are conscripting everybody there capable of bearing those who join Mosby are exempt from joining Lee's army. By this means Mosby can command between 800 and 1,000 men. To get information from Snicker's Gap would require a force able to manage Mosby, whose headquarters are on the route there. Small parties will be picked up. I will send the Eighth Illinois Cavalry again to that vicinity as soon as it can move, and will send with it one of the regiments (very small) from Falls Church. To clean out Loudoun County and destroy the crops there will require a much larger force than I can send; I will do all I can, however. The horses of the Eighth Illinois have to be shod before they can move; I will let you know to-morrow when they will move. I have a man at Middleburg, who is employed to give me the earliest information of any move of the rebels in this direction; I trust he will not deceive me.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General, Commanding.

