
Mosby on releasing him told him to inform me that he (Mosby) had sent Major W. H. Forbes and Captain Mauning, Second Massachusetts Cavalry, to the penitentiary, in retaliation for the confinement of Jack Barness and Phil. Trammell, two of Mosby's men. Both were tried by a court-martial in Washington and sentenced to the Albany penitentiary. Barnes, I believe, was tried for violation of the oath of allegiance and stealing horses; Trammell, for being a guerrilla. It has been ascertained quite positively that the person alluded to by you in your communication of August 24 as in the habit of visiting a female in the vicinity of Vienna is not an officer, but a non-commissioned officer of the Second Massachusetts Cavalry, who was yesterday relieved and ordered to rejoin his regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Vol. Cavalry, Comdg. Cavalry Brigade.

P. S. - I forgot to state that Colonel Gansevoort brings information that the rebels obtain their supplies by the way of Thornton's Gap and Sperryville. The Warrenton route is used but little.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Halltown, Va., August 25, 1864.

Brevet Major-General EMORY,

Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that Colonel Currie's command has been relieved from duty at Harper's Ferry. The major-general commanding has placed this brigade in position on the left of General Crook's line, and desires that it remain there for the present. Colonel Currie has been directed to report to his division commander, and to notify him when his brigde is posted.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,August 25, 1864-7.30 p.m. (Received 9.25 p.m.)

Major-General COUCH:

Torbert's cavalry repulsed this morning by the enemy's infantry near Leetown. Enemy exchanging shots with my pickets this evening at Shepherdstown Ford; drove in my pickets at Falling Waters to within one mile of Williamsport. Column reported moving toward Hedgesville. No enemy on this side river yet.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,August 25, 1864-4.40 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FORSYTH:

Chief of Staff:

The force we met this morning was Breckinridge's corps, composed of Wharton's and Gordon's divisions. A rebel lieutenant says they marched from their camp near Charlestown this morning between daylight and sunrise, passed through Leetown, and were on march when

