
Mr. Yard, of my staff. There seems to have been some firing to-day on the left of the infantry, though as to what extent I can't tell. Have sent for my wagons, and also sent an officer to report to Sheridan, knowing it would be some time before you could communicate.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,

August 25, 1864-10 p.m.

The command will move to-night across the bridge at Harper's Ferry and take the road through Pleasant Valley, in the following order: First Brigade, with Fitzhugh's battery; Second Brigade, with Pennington's battery; ambulances and ammunition train; regimental and supply trains. Pickets will be called in at once. The quartermaster, commissary, and ordnance officers will move their respective trains loaded with supplies, as soon after the division has passed as practicable, across the bridge at Harper's Ferry, and join the division without delay near the South Mountain Gap, between it and Boonsborough.

By command of Brigadier-General Wilson:

L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDEL MILITARY DIVISION,Halltown, August 25, 1864-6.45 p.m.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON,

Commanding at Harper's Ferry:

GENERAL: Brigadier-General Torbert's cavalry, all except one brigade, fell back toward this place; one brigade, it is supposed, has crossed at Shepherdstown. I desire that you will send scouts down to the ford at Shepherdstown and ascertain if the enemy make any crossing at that point or elsewhere in that vicinity during the night. Send the earliest reports received to these headquarters at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, No. 68. Camp near Halltown, W. Va., August 25, 1864.

I. All enlisted men within this department serving without proper authority away from the brigade, military district, or division in which their batteries or regiments may be, will be at once returned to their companies and regiments for duty, and officers are hereby empowered to seize their men absent without such authority wherever they may find them. Men thus absent, who do not return as above required within a reasonable period after the promulgation of this order, will be repored as deserters.

II. General officers and colonels commanding division and brigades within this department will select their staff officers from their own

58 R R-VOL XLIII, PT I

