
loss of the enemy in the last two weeks at 10,000 killed and wounded. We have lost heavily, mostly in captured, when the enemy gained temporary advantages. Watch closely, and if you find this theory correct push with all vigor. Give the enemy no rest, and if it is possible to follow to the Virginia Central road, follow that far. Do all the damage to railroads and crops you can. Carry off stock of all descriptions, and negroes, so as to prevent further planting. If the war is to last another year, we want the Shenandoah Valley to remain a barren waste.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, August 26, 1864-11.40 a.m.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

It is reported that General Kelley is keeping several Ohio regiments after the expiration of their time, which is creating great dissatisfaction in Ohio. Moreover, after the expiration of their term the troops are useless and will not fight. Please direct that they go home.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,August 26, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Brevet Major-General Crook, commanding Department of West Virginia, who will order all regiments whose term of service has expired to their place of rendezvous to be mustered out in accordance with within directions.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

A. F. HAYDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[AUGUST 26, 1864. - For Sheridan to Halleck, reporting operations, &amp;c., see p. 21.]

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., August 26, 1864-9 p.m.

(Received 10 p.m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

A reconnaissance this evening in front of General Crook's corps captured eight officers and about eighty men of the enemy. He is still in our front in force. Breckinridge's move yesterday toward Shepherdstown turns out to have been an attempted decoy, as he is back again in camp on Early's left. No enemy at Shepherdstown. Some skirmishing at Williamsport to-day, but no serious attempt to cross. Averell is at Williamsport. Wilson in that vicinity and below. Custer at Shepherdstown. Torbert on our right, connecting with Custer. No movement of enemy toward Snicker's Gap. He seems nonplussed and in doubt what to do.

N. P. CHIPMAN,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

