
HALLTOWN, VA., August 26, 1864-9 a.m.

(Received 11 a.m.)

Major General C. C. AUGUR,

Commanding Department of Washington:

Your dispatch received.* Nothing has passed through Snicker's Gap. The operations in Loudoun County and of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry can, of course, be only in proportion to the force you have for the purpose. I have made no change in my position here, and the enemy has made no attempt to cross at Shepherdstown.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,August, 26, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Middle Division, Harper's Ferry:

Colonel Gansevoort, with his regiment, Thirteenth New York Cavalry, have returned and bring information that there is no force of the enemy either at Culpeper or Warrenton, and but small parties passing up into the Valley. The railroad is not used this side of Culpeper. Supplies for the rebels pass through Sperryville and Thornton's Gap.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,Washington, August 26, 1864-3 p.m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Middle Military Division, Harper's Ferry:

The provisional battalion of cavalry belonging to Gregg's division, which is now on the upper Potomac guarding the river while the Eighth Illinois is absent, has been ordered to City Point. This will leave me without means of guarding the river while the Eighth Illinois is absent. Major Waite reports to-day that he cannot get his regiment ready to move before Monday. The forages, coal, &amp;c., had to be sent from here. I think he will get ready as soon as possible. If you think it advisable I will send out the Sixteenth New York in the direction of Aldie. They cannot raise more than, 300 for the field, and they cannot go to Snicker's Gap. They may scout about Aldie and pick up rumors.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General, Commanding.

HALLTOWN, W. VA., August 26, 1864-8 p.m.

(Received 10 a.m. 27th.)

Major-General AUGUR,

Commanding Department of Washington:

I have nothing important to report to-night. The movements of the enemy yesterday evening toward Shepherdstown did not cause me to make any changes, and from appearancese they went back to Charlestown or vicinity last night. This evening Crook made a dash at their line and Lowell charged and captured seven officers and sixty-nine

---------------

*Of August 25, 9 p.m., p. 909.

---------------

