
August 21.-Moved to Charlestown.

August 22.-Moved to Shepherdstown.

August 23.-In camp.

August 25.-Fight at Shepherdstown.

August 26.-In camp at Antietam.

August 28.-Moved to Harper's Ferry and fight at Smithfield.

August 29 to 31.-In camp.

Second Brigade, First Division.

August 3.-The brigade embarked at City Point on transports for Giesborough Point, disembarking and encamping at that place on the 6th, and 7th.

August 6.-At night marched to Tennallytown.

August 7.-Marched to Monocacy Church.

August 8.-Marched to Pleasant Valley.

August 9.-Crossed the Potomac at Harper's Ferry and marched to Halltown.

August 10.-Marched by Charlestown and Berryville to Chapel Run.

August 11.-Engaged and routed Vaughn's cavalry brigade at toll-gate

on Front Royal turnpike. Same night engaged the enemy's infantry near Newtown.

August 12.-Marched by Newtown to Fawcett's Gap, thence to Cedar Run Church, encaging the enemy's rear guard on road to Strasburg; thence to Middletown.

August 13.-Crossed Cedar Run to near Strasburg; recrossed and encamped; same night marched to Cedarville.

August 15.-Drove enemy's pickets across Shenandoah and picketed the river.

August 16.-Engaged the enemy in force, repulsing him, and capturing 140 prisoners and 2 colors.

August 17.-Marched to Chapel Run and encamped, picketing the front.

August 20.-Marched to Berryville.

August 21.-Engaged the enemy near Berryville, retiring at night to Charlestown.

August 22.-Marched to near Shepherdstown, picketing the railroad.

August 25.-Marched to Kearneysville and engaged the enemy's infantry.

August 26.-Retired and encamped near Harper's Ferry.

August 28.-Marched to Leetown, engaged the enemy, and drove him through Smithfield.

August 29.-Engaged the enemy's infantry in force.

August 30.-Marched to Berryville and encamped, picketing the front.

September 1.-The brigade encamped at Berryville.

September 2.-Marched to Rippon, returning same night to Berryville.

September 3.-Marched to White Post.

September 4.-Marched to near Snicker's Ferry.

September 5.-Marched to Summit Point and encamped.

September 8.-Marched to Smithfield and encamped.

September 18.-Marched to Summit Point.

September 19.-Around the Opequon, and engaged the enemy near Winchester, capturing 300 prisoners and 5 battle-flags.

September 20.-Marched to Strasburg.

September 21.-Marched to Middletown.

