HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,August 26, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff, Headquarters Middle Military Division:

COLONEL: I am still at Boonsborough waiting to hear from Averell; nothing new from him since my last dispatch. Colonel Hammond, with the Fifth New York Cavalry is watching the fords about Shepherdstown. I shall not move from here until I hear from Averell or receive positive instructions from General Torbert. General Custer is at Antietam Furnace, and I hear that his horses are in a wretched condition and his command without forage. I shall communicate to you important information received. Have sent an officer to Averell and except him back. There seem to be no indications of an attempt on the part of the enemy to cross this side of Williamsport. I shall act as circumstances may seem to indicate would be best. The trains have gone to Harper's Ferry.

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION CAVALRY,Boonsborough, August 26, 1864-4 p.m.

Brigadier-General TORBERT,

Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: Your order to hold the Shepherdstown fords was received less than an hour ago. Since it came I have received word through the Fifth New York, and it from one of Averell's officers, that the enemy had succeeded in crossing cavalry above Williamsport, and that Averell intended to figth them near Hagerstown, and have therefore written to Averell saying I would march to him, and help him with the job of cleaning out Fitz Lee, unless some imperative orders to the contrary should be received. I have directed two squadrons to watch the Shepherdstown fords, and will determine my final course by the information that I get in the next hour. If they have simply crossed cavalry the sooner we dispose of it the sooner can we devote ourselves to watching the movement of the infantry. Come out yourself if possible. I'll send my trains to Frederick, it being nearer and on better roads.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,

August 26, 1864.

Brigade commanders will immediately supply their commands with rations and forage from the division supply trains, as much as can be carried on the horsese without unnecessarily overloading them; and will be ready to move as soon as possible, reporting when their commands are in readiness. It is desirable that no time shall be unnecessarily lost. The trains, with the exception of six wagon-loads of ammunition-four of Spencer and two of Sharps-will return to the vicinity of Harper's Ferry and there await further orders.

By command of Brigadier-General Wilson:

L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

