
about 200 rebels; they then fell back via Indian Springs; there met their lieutenant, commanding at Back Creek, who reports, as near as could be ascertained, about 6,000 rebels (cavalry, with artillery) moving this way on the Cherry Run road; they evacuated Back Creek about noon. Also received information from Fairview that the rebels were crossing into Maryland, at Williamsport and other places. I will report again when I get anything reliable.

E. J. C. HULL,

Operator.
HEADQUARTERS,Cumberland, August 26, 1864

Captain DANIEL SHEETS,

Commanding Sixth West Virginia Cavalry:

The general commanding directs that you send a scout, to consist of fifty men, via Patterson's Creek, Sheets' Mill, and Mechanics[burg] Gap, to Romney, returning via Springfield to camp. A prompt report of this, as well as all expeditions of like character in the future, is requested.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. FREEMAN

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD SEPARATE BRIGADIER, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, Md., August 26, 1864

LieutenantColonel S. B. LAWRENCE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Eighth Army Corps, Baltimore, Md.:

COLONEL: In reply to yours of this day, asking for a report of my observations during my recent tour on the Eastern Shore of Maryland. I have the honor to report that I visited all the coast of Somerset and Worcester Counties and all the troops there stationed, including those at Salisbury. I supplied the posts, which I regarded as meagerly filled, particularly those on the Pocomoke Sound. I found the people considerably alarmed, but greatly relieved by the arrival of troops and the steps taken fro their safety. The recent disturbances in that vicinity were not of the magnitude stated, and there need not now be any apprehension of a repetition. I am of the opinion that the cavalry company of Captain Smith should be replaced by one more strange to the people I would mention here that the two men of this company who were captured and reported either murdered or drowned have, I am informed, turned up at Eastville, Va. I also report that I took measures for the security of the islands of the Chesapeake off these counties, which apprehended a raid with a view to conscription, and that I am sure no such insane project will now be attempted. I could not hear anything to confirm the report of there being a considerable number of rebels in Talbolt County, but was not able to go there because of being detained by repeated storms. I propose, however, doing so in a day or so, if it be deemed judicious; if not, dispatching a staff officer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY H. LOCKWOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

