HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,Chambersburg, Pa., August 26, 1864

Major SZINK,

Comdg. Battalion (100-days') Pennsylvania Volunteers:

MAJOR: The commanding general directs that you station a picket of twenty men at Turkey Foot, on the Warm Springs road, whose duty it will be to see that no suspicious persons pass, and that no one excepting those able to give an account of themselves [be allowed] to come into town. The officers in charge must be vigiland and active. I will send you a mounted man who will go with the party and carry any information of importance to these headquarters.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,Chambersburg, Pa., August 26, 1864

Captain SAMUEL WALKER:

CAPTAIN: The commanding general requests that you get your company together, and with axes and rifles proceed to defend the roads through the gap between Fannettsburg and Burnt Cabins. You must also have pickets at Loudon and be in readiness when they inform you of the approach of the enemy to have the roads above mentioned made inaccessible by felling trees and other obstructions, and thus defend the same by bushwhacking, &amp;c. There is no enemy reported north of the Potomac yet, but there is no doubt about there being a large force on the south side, and it will be well for the Government and yourself to be in readiness to meet any advance they might make in your direction. Please state by the bearer what action you intend taking and the probable success.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERCERSBURG, August 26, 1864

Major-General COUCH:

There is a point on the Valley road from Clear Spring to this place that could be easily blockaded so that 100 men, well posted, could beat back 1,000.

JAMES O. CARSON,

PITTSBURG, August 26, 1864

Brigadier General THOMAS A. ROWLEY,

Commanding District of the Monongahela:

GENERAL: I have the honor to furnish you with the following report:

Agreeably with orders I left this city on Saturday morning, the 20th instant, for the purpose of visiting Erie, in this State, and other points on the Lake and Canadian shore, to ascertain the facts connected with

59 R R-VOL XLIII, PT I

