
September 22.-Pursued the enemy at Woodstock.

September 23.-Pursued the enemy and engaged his rear guard near Mount Jackson.

September 24.-Pursued the enemy and engaged his rear guard from Mount Jackson to six miles beyond New Market.

September 25.-Pursued the enemy to Harrisonburg, thence to Keezletown.

September 26.-Marched to Port Republic, driving the enemy into Brown's Gap.

September 27.-Returned to Cross Keys.

September 29.-Marched to Port Republic, thence by Piedmont to Mount Crawford; destroyed ninety-three barns full of grain and seventy-two stacks.

September 30.-Marched to Cross Keys.

October 2.-The brigade engaged the enemy near Mount Crawford.

October 5.-Marched to Cross Keys.

October 6.-Marched to Harrisonburg to Timberville.

October 7.-Marched to Edenburg.

October 8.-Marched to Tom's Brook and engaged the enemy.

October 9.-Engaged the enemy's cavalry, driving him through Mount Jackson twenty miles.

October 10.-Marched to Tom's Brook and encamped.

October 11.-Marched to Bowman's Ford.

October 13.-Marched to the west of Middletown.

October 14.-Advanced to Strasburg, driving the enemy out of that place, retiring at night to Middletown.

October 15.-Marched to Front Royal.

October 16.-Returned to Middletown.

October 19.-Participated in the battle of Cedar Creek, pursuing the enemy to Fisher's Hill and capturing 22 guns, 380 prisoners, and a large train.

October 20.-Drove the enemy's rear guard from Fisher's Hill to Woodstock, capturing 22 prisoners.

October 21.-Returned to Middletown and encamped on the left of the army pickets, south side of Cedar Creek.

November 1 to 7.-The brigade remained in camp near Middletown, picketing on the south side of Cedar Creek and scouting to Woodstock and Edenburg.

November 7.-The brigade marched to near Front Royal and relieved Powell's division, observing the country in that vicinity, and returned to camp near Middletown.

November 10.-Retired in rear of the army to camp on Front Royal pike, north of the Opequon, picketing and scouting to Nineveh.

November 12.-Marched on Valley pike and engaged the enemy until 11 p. m. between Newtown and Middletown.

November 13.-Marched to Cedar Creek, returning same day to camp on Front Royal pike, picketing and scouting toward Nineveh.

November 21.-Marched with the division to Front Royal; thence to Milford, Luray Valley.

November 23.-Returned to camp on Front Royal pike, picketing as before.

November 28.-Marched with the division to Ashby's Gap; thence by Paris, Upperville, Union, Bloomfield, Philomont, Hamilton, and Waterford, to Lovettsville.

December 1.-In camp near Kernstown, Va., picketing toward Front Royal.

