
apprehended disturbances on the Canadian line. Robert Taggert having been placed under my directions. I sent him to Cleveland for the same object. On arriving in Erie I presented a letter to one of the leading citizens, to whom I communicated my mission. I was kindly introduced to other promiment persons, and was offered assistance and co-operation. From these interviews I ascertained that no trouble was really anticipated in that quarter, although such was not impossible. I got a good knowledge of the harbor; as there is but one entrance it could be easily defended from marine invasion. Erie being the port of the Michigan, the only Government vessel on the lake, an attempt to capture here might be made, but she was at Johnson's Island and fully prepared for any such attack. Many Canadians were coming over seeking work, but though this occasioned suspicion it was capable of easy explanation, labor commanding a higher price in the States than in Canada. I was informed that considerable smuggling is cardraft many enrolled men crossed the late at this point and tarried in Canada till their personal apprehension subsided. The provost-marshal of the district has made his headquarters at Waterford, a little town about fifteen miles distant. The people complained of the inconvenience thus occasioned, and I was requested to lay the matter before you, and if possible have his office removed to Erie. I made inquiries as to the means of defense in Erie, and ascertained that there are six heavy guns belonging to the Michigan in the Government warehouse which are on trucks; these could be placed on the wharf, and, if needed, do effective service; there is plenty of shot, but no powder; there are also two 6-pounder brass pieces in the town. A Mr. William Lutz, who has been a first lieutenant of artillery, and was discharged on account of wounds, is anxious to have a company of artillery under his control; he might be a careful person if such an organization was deemed advisable. I remained at Erie two days, and on being informed that the provost-marshal at Buffalo had taken measures to investigate the extent of the rumored danger, I deemed it advisable to proceed thither and consult with him. Mr. Taggert reported to me that all was quiet at Cleveland; but as he had obtained information from the authorities there that the consul at Toronto had advised them to look out for a suspicious person who had left that city, I directed him to proceed to the Clifton House, Canada, and try and obtain some clue to the individual.

On arriving at Buffalo I called upon the provost-marshal, who brought me in communication with an officer who had been appointed for the purpose of investigating affairs connected with the rumored troubles in that locality. He gave me a statement of what he knew. He had intercepted letters which indicated the holding of meetings for the purpose of forming secret organizations, &amp;c. He had detectives at different places who informed him that there are a number of rebel officers in Canada who alleged they were there under orders. In all cases these were educated, reticent, and shrewd men. They held secret meetings, but admitted no Canadians to their deliberations, excluding even those who expressed sympathy and friendship. Many of these wore the rebel uniforms, and were not mere convalescents as some supposed. The provost-marshal had been unable to detect any alarming organization. He did not fear any trouble unless it might be from a few hundred bold men who would seize a vessel in the night, cross the river, burn the city, and then scatter. He said the Canadians would not permit any

