
open act of hostile organization. It was believed that a demonstration was to have been made some time ago for the purpose of drawing our available forces to that quarter in order to enable raiding parties to invade Pennsylvania in the absence of our troops. I was assured that if any information of importance could be obtained the facts would be immediately communicated to me. I went from Buffalo to Niagara Falls (having previously dispatched Mr. Taggert home); I remained but one day and a half, spending much of the time at the Clifton House, where disloyalty is outspoken. I paid attention to conversations, but learned nothing to excite suspicion of overt acts of invasion. I then determined to proceed to Cleveland in a steamer in order to glean what information I could from Canadians and others who I ascertained were going over in the boat on their journey to the Chicago Convention. As I did not wear my uniform there was much said in my presence during the voyage that otherwise would probably not have been spoken. I was surprised and pained to hear the sentiments of many of the persons on board; the vindictive expressions of these men against the administration of the Government was mortifying to a lover of his country, and how much more so to the ears of an officer in its service. Open treason we can repel with force, but the malignity of men who traduce and do all in their power to weaken faith in the Government, and yet profess to be loyal, is hard to be borne with in silence. I fear we will have some trouble with rebel sympathizers before the coming winter. At Cleveland I could hear nothing of importance, and so returned immediately to this city, arriving last evening at 9 o'clock.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. HARPER,

First Lieutenant and Special Aide-de-Camp, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

WAR DEPARTMENT,

August 26, 1864.

Governor BROUGH,

Columbus:

The following telegram from General Sheridan will satisfy you that there is no ground of complaint by your volunteers:

General Crook was directed some days ago to have all the 100-days' men in his department sent home to be mustered out; it shall be attended to at once.

The troops are probably now, or soon will be, on the way.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT.

Washington, D. C., August 26, 1864-11.50 a.m.

Governor BROUGH,

Columbus, Ohio:

General Sheridan has been directed to discharge all men whose term has expired.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

