
along the river. A man from my command, taken prisoner at Reams' Station, has just come in; left Wickham's command at Hainestown [Hainesville] yesterday. The defense, or rather show of it, at Williamsport prevented an attempt at crossing. He says nothing of their giving up the design of invasion, but thinks they are a little uncertain. He says they have two divisions of Longstreet's corps, Pickett's and Kershaw's, beyond any doubt. Fitzhugh Lee commands all the cavalry. Lomax relieved Bradley Johnson command of the Valley cavalry, and that two divisions of Tennessee and Georgia cavalry are with them, one of them under Morgan. Supposed that Averell had sent in this information. I have sent scouts over the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,

August 27, 1864-11.45 p.m.

The command will move at precisely 4 a.m. August 28 to Shepherdstown, in the following order: first, McIntosh's brigade, with Fitzhugh's battery; second, ambulances, ammunition train; third, Chapman's brigade, with Penington's battery.

All pickets will be drawn in at daylight or in sufficient time to join the column while crossing.

By command of Brigadier-General Wilson:

L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQURTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,

Boonsborough, August 27, 1864-3.30 a.m.

Brigadier-General McINTOSH, Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: Lieutenant Noves has just returned from Hagerstown via Sharpsburg. No rebels of any kind had crossed to the north side of Potomac up to dark, but they were making strong movements looking to that step. Fitzhugh Lee's cavalry, 8,000 strong, were at Harrisville [Hainesville] (I don't know where that is) last night. Please order Hammond to move his entire regiment to the fords at Shepherdstown at once, and send another regiment to his assistance without delay. The balance of the command will hold on here till further orders.

J. H. WILSON

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,August 27, 1864.

General McINTOSH, Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: The following dispatch from General Averell, just received, is furnished for your information:

GENERAL: Your note just received. Enemy's cavalry has been withdrawn from the river at Williamsport and above. A detachment of mine crossed at Dam 5 last nigt, and reconnoitered the enemy's left flank and rear, discovering indications of

