
received from them during the time they were attached to my command. Called out in a time of our country's great need, their alacrity in volunteering has been well sustained by the fine name they have so nobly won during their term of service. During the recent attack on this place by the combined forces of Generals McCausland and Bradley T. Johnson it was my pleasure to witness the steady line your regiment maintained under a heavy fire, as also the accuracy with which they returned the shots of the enemy's sharpshooters. Knowing as I do, colonel, the greata representative farming interest in your regiment, I can well realize with what self-sacrificing devotion it so readily and earnestly responded to the call of your noble executive, and I feel that as soon as possible many members of your regiment will again be in the service battling for the Union and its flag.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

CHAMBERSBURG, PA., August 27, 1864.

(Received 1.15 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

My signal officers reports all quiet at and above Williamsport this morning. The enemy can be seen only at one point, opposite Cherry Run on the Virginia side, and in small force.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

GREENCASTLE, August 27, 1864.

Major J. S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am informed by signal that the force at Cherry Run made a slight demonstration this forenoon, but did not get across. I am also informed that the enemy are moving toward Hancock. This last report the signal officer gets from citizens. He has only seen a small force moving up the river and that was last night.

A. M. THAYER,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.

CITY POINT, VA., August 28, 1864-2 p.m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Haltown, Va.:

If you are so situated as to feel the enemy strongly without compromising the safety of your position, I think it advisable to do so. I do not know positively that any troops have returned yet from the Valley, but think you will find the enemy in your immediate front weaker than you are. We are quiet here, the enemy having abandoned the idea of driving us from the Weldon road, at least with his present force.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

