
December 19.-Marched to Chester Gap.

December 20.-Marched to Sperryville.

December 21.-Marched to near Madison.

December 22.-Crossed the Rapidan, met the enemy, and drove them, capturing 2 officers, 15 men, and 2 pieces of artillery.

December 23.-Marched within one mile of Gordonsville; engaged Pickett's division. Received orders from General Torbert to retire to Liberty Mills, Rapidan River. Marched through Madison, crossing the Robertson at Russell's Ford, and encamped.

December 24.-Marched to Alderate Mills.

December 25.-Marched to near Warrenton.

December 26.-Marched to White Plains.

December 27.-Marched to Millwood.

December 28.-Returned to camp near Kernstown.

December 30.-Marched to Smithfield.

December 31.-Marched to Halltown.

Third Brigade, First Division.

[August.]-This command was organized as Third Brigade, First Division, Cavalry Corps, Middle Military Division, August 9, 1864, consisting of Second Massachusetts Cavalry, First Potomac Home Brigade Cavalry, Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Twenty-second Pennsylvania Cavalry, and miscellaneous detachments of General Wilson's division. On or about August 14, 1864, the Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry left the command and reported to General Averell without orders, and miscellaneous detachments joined their division. August 24, the Twenty-second Pennsylvania Cavalry was ordered to report to General Averell, and the Twenty-fifth New York Cavalry was assigned to the brigade. The brigade has been on constant duty in the field with the division in General Sheridan's army. One lieutenant-colonel, 3 captains, and 121 enlisted men is the total number of prisoners captured during the month by this brigade.

September 8 the brigade was dissolved and merged in other brigades.

Reserve Brigade, First Division.

August 10.-Colonel Gibbs assumes command of brigade; marched from near Halltown on road to White Post; met enemy's pickets; attacked and drove them toward Newtown; camped near White Post.

August 11.-Marched toward Newtown; met and drove enemy's pickets and skirmishers to line of breast-works; action closed at dark; brigade camped in rear of Newtown; losses light.

August 12.-Brigade entered Newtown, enemy having left two hours previous; camped near Middletown, Va.

August 13 to 14.-Marched to Strasburg; found enemy intrenched; returned to camp near Middletown.

August 15.-Remained in camp.

August 16.-Marched through Middletown and Cedarville; camped at Nineveh.

August 17.-Marched through Berryville; camped two miles beyond on road.

August 18.-Marched through Berryville; camped one mile beyond on the Winchester pike, remaining until the 21st.

August 22.-Marched down Charlestown pike; skirmished with enemy as far as Rippon; camped half a mile in rear of Charlestown.

