
2. Surg. James T. Ghiseling, U. S. Army, having reported at these headquarters, in compliance with orders from headquarters Armies of the United States, is hereby assigned to duty as medical director, Middle Military Division, and will relieve Surg. H. W. Owings, Second Eastern Shore Maryland Volunteers, now action in that capacity. Surgeon Owings, upon being relieved, will report for duty to Brevet Major-General Crook, commanding Department of West Virginia.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

A. F. HAYDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS,] HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,

Near Halltown, Va., August 28, 1864.

The command will move from its present position at 7 a.m. to-day in the following order and designated lines of march:

The Sixth Army Corps will march across the country until it reaches Flowing Spring. The corps will be halted at the spring and there wait further orders.

The command of Brevet Major-General Emory will march via the Halltown and Charlestown pike the command to be halted on reaching the vicinity of Charlestown and wait further orders.

The commanding of Brevet Major-General Crook will march across the country to the left of the Halltown and Charlestown pike, and at a distance of three-quarters of a mile from the same. On his arrival in the vicinity of Charlestown General Crook will halt his command and wait further orders.

The authorized wagons and ambulances with the corps will be guarded and controlled by corps commanders, and will follow their respective corps.

Colonel Currie's brigade, of the Nineteenth Army Corps, will not accompany the corps, but the brigade commander will report for orderes to Brigadier-General Stevenson, commanding District of Harper's Ferry, W. Va.

By command of Major-General Sheridan;

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,

Charlestown, Va., August 28, 1864-7.40 p.m.

Corps and other independent commanders will have their commands in readiness to march at 5 o'clock to-morrow morning. Further special instructions will be sent to them during the night.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

F. C. NEWHALL,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,Washington, D. C., August 28, 1864-8.20 p.m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Middle Division, Harper's Ferry:

The Eighth Illinois Cavalry will leave Muddy Branch to-morrow morning, to be joined near Aldie by the Sixteenth New York Cavalry,

