
to scout toward Snicker's Gap, and to carry out orders concerning individuals and crops in the vicinity of Middleburg and Upperville. Major Fry's command having been withdrawn from the upper Potomac, I have sent this evening all the cavalrymen of your command mounted, to guard the river during the absence of Major Waite. As soon as he returns they will be sent to join their divisions with you. I have no news to send you.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,August 28, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM GAMBLEL,

Commanding Camp Stoneman:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you send, without delay all officers and enlisted men in your camp, who are ready to take the field, belonging to the Reserve Brigade, the First and Third Divisions Cavalry, to report to the officer in charge of the regimental camp Eighth Illinois at Muddy Branch. In the event of there being no other available officer in your camp you will detach one temporarily from the permament establishment, to return after having turned over his men at the camp.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Report time of marching, strength of detachment, and name of commanding officer. The detachment must march this day.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,August 28, 1864.

Major JOHN M. WAITE,

Eighth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding at Muddy Branch:

MAJOR: The major-general commanding directs that you move August 29 with your regiment, leaving on the left bank of the river only your camp guard and the detachment protecting the telegraph station at Darnestown. Your march will be via Aldie, and so timed that you will reach that place before 12 m. August 30. At Aldie you will meet the Sixteenth New York Cavalry, commanded by Major Horton, who will report to you. Assuming command of the two regiments, you will move rapidly on Upperville and Middleburg, surprising any force of guerrillas lurking in that vicinity. The special object of your scout is to destroy, as far as practicable, the sources from which Mosby draws men, horses, and support. To this end you will arrest and bring in all males capable of bearing arms or conveying information, between the ages of eighteen and fifty, excepting those mentioned in the inclosed list;* impress all wagons, and bring them in loaded with forage; destroy all corps of hay, oats, corn, and wheat which you cannot bring in, and seize all horses. When horses are taken from Union men, make memoranda to that effect, in order that the horses may be identified or the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

