
owners indemnified. Collect all information within reach of the movements of the enemy and embrace it in your report; any which you may regard as of great importance should be sent in by a small party of trusted men. Mosby's headquarters are reported as alternating between the houses of Mr. Blackwell and Mr. Turner, near Upperville. The above instructions embrace particularly Upperville, Middleburg, and their vicinity. On your return it is desired that you come in by the way of Falls Church. After the rations you carry for men and animals are exhausted, live on the country. Inclosed find memorandum* for guidance in particular cases. Report departure and effective strength. The necessary instructions have been given Major Horton.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MUDDY BRANCH, August 28, 1864-6.50 p.m.

(Received 9.50 p.m.)

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: Am informed a small squad of the enemy crossed and entered Poolesville last night, but left quickly. Emory will be advised. River is open, and, of course, I will be on the alert. Have a squadron up the river watching and patrolling the country. Would it not be advisable to move my regimental property to Great Falls or vicinity if my command is to be absent?

Respectfully,

JNO. M. WAITE,

Major, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Fort Buffalo, Va., August 28, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that a picket-post near the Lewinsville stockade was attacked last night, without loss to us, however, as the attack proved unsuccessful. There is nothing of importance to mention beyond this.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,Washington, D. C., August 28, 1864

Colonel H. M. LAZELLE,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose herewith copy of instructions+ forwarded to Major J. M. Waite. Be pleased to give such instructions to Major Horton as will meet the requirements of the case. The dura-

---------------

*Not found.

+See p. 942.

---------------

