
be here as soon as he can come through, following the line of the river. I haven't hear this morning from the fords above, but there is nothing here. I am anxious to get forward, but Torbert sends word not to cross without orders from General Sheridan. What is the news?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Charlestown, Va., August 29, 1864

Brigadier General J. H. WILSON,

GENERAL: Your dispatch notifying the headquarters of your arrival at Shepherdstown received. Orders were sent you this morning by Captain Moore, aide-de-camp. The general wants you to keep your scouts well out. Merritt is about two miles from here; was sent forward on the Smithfield and Leetown roads. No reports as yet.

Very respectfully,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Near Shepherdstown Ford, August 28, 1864-7 a.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff, Major-General Sheridan:

COLONEL: The man, Dodge, of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry, who accompanies the bearer, has just returned from Wickham's rebel cavalry, where he was held as a prisoner of war. He was the driver of General Wilson's mess wagon during the late raid on the Danville railroad and was captured at Reams' Station. Wickham kept him as driver to his headquarters wagon, and on the entreaties of Dodge released him a few days ago and allowed him to cross the river and return to our lines. He is in possession of much valuable information, no doubt, and although paroled could without great difficulty be made to reveal a good deal. The general, therefore, directed that he should be sent to you, with request to let him join his regiment after you will be through with him.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Shepherdstown Ford, August 28, 1864-9.15 a.m.

Colonel J. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: Having waited from 6 a.m. till the present time for orders, and having heard nothing from you or Torbert, I have concluded to move out toward Kearneysville and Leetown at once. Any communication you may have for me will find me somewhere in that direction. I am anxious to have instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

