
August 23.-Marched toward Shepherdstown and camped back of town.

August 24.-Moved camp to near Antietam Ford.

August 25.-Marched toward Kearneysville, meeting enemy in force half a mile beyond railroad; retired skirmishing; camped two miles and three-quarters from Harper's Ferry.

August 26.-Made reconnaissance toward Shepherdstown and on Winchester and Kearneysville turnpikes.

August 27.-Remained in camp.

August 28.-Marched to Smithfield; meeting enemy, charged and drove them; Lieutenant Hoyer, First U. S. Cavalry, mortally wounded, died soon after; pursued the enemy, when a sharp engagement ensued; camped near Smithfield.

August 29.-Enemy appeared in force and skirmishing began; enemy crossed stream and the column fell slowly back without confusion; arriving near Charlestown, a stand was made, when the enemy retired.

August 30.-Brigade moved out on Berryville turnpike and went into camp.

August 31.-Remained in camp.

September 1.-Moved camp to near Summit Point, remaining picketing, &amp;c., until the 8th instant.

September 8.-Colonel Lowell assumes command; brigade reorganized under Special Orders, No. 103, September 8, 1864, headquarters First Cavalry Division; First New York Dragoons were replaced by Second Massachusetts Cavalry, and Sixth Pennsylvania ordered to Pleasant Valley for muster out; remained in camp until September 12.

September 13.-Made demonstration at Locke's Ford, on Opequon; captured 1 lieutenant and 10 privates, Breckinridge's corps; returned to former camp at midnight.

September 14 to 18.-Picketing as before.

September 19.-Marched at 2 a. m.; reached Seivers' Ford before daybreak; forded and engaged enemy; battle of Winchester; camped beyond on Valley pike.

September 20.-Marched to Strasburg; camped on road to Capon Springs.

September 21.-Marched to Front Royal and camped on Shenandoah.

September 22.-Marched to Milford in support of Third Division; no attack on enemy's position ordered; fell back to McCoy's Ford and camped; Captain Emmons, assistant adjutant-general, wounded.

September 23.-Marched to Cedarville, dispersing en route a detachment of Mosby, under Captain Mountjoy, from Cedarville; returned to Milford, finding position evacuated by enemy.

September 24.-Marched to Luray, participating in engagement with Wickham; captured battle-flags, prisoners, &c.; camped west of Shenandoah.

September 25.-Crossed ridge to New Market; marched to Harrisonburg and camped.

September 26.-Brigade temporarily detached, acting with Third Division; proceeded to Staunton, capturing stores, cattle, &c.; camped east of town.

September 27.-Destroying railroad; marched to Waynesborough.

September 28.-Brigade on picket at Rockfish Gap; attacked by enemy; fell back through Staunton, and by a forced march to Spring Hill.

September 29.-Moved to Bridgewater and Mount Crawford, camping on left of infantry, picketing to Cross Keys and Rockland Mills.

