
CITY POINT, August 29, 1864-1.30 p. m.

(Received 3 p. m.)

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Halltown, Va.:

If it is ascertained certainly that Breckinridge has been detached to go into Western Virginia, attack the remaining force vigorously with every man you have, and if successful in routing him follow your success with the Sixth and Nineteenth Corps, and send Crook to meet Breckinridge. This is sent on the strength of a dispatch just received, reporting that Breckinridge, with 8,000 men, had gone to Western Virginia. I know nothing of the truth of the report.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CHARLESTOWN, VA., August 29, 1864-11 p. m.

(Received 30th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

There is not one word of truth in the report of Breckinridge being in West Virginia; it is a Copperhead report. I saw his corps at the crossing of Opequon Creek this morning; it came down to dislodge Merritt's division of cavalry. Early and Breckinridge were there in person. They attacked the cavalry at the ford and forced it back a short distance. I then put in Ricketts' division of infantry, and the enemy fell back to Bunker Hill, where their whole force has been concentrated for the last two days. Fitzhugh Lee is here, in command of all the cavalry in the Valley. I had prisoners from Lomax and Wickham yesterday. I believe no troops have yet left the Valley, but I believe they will, and that it will be their last campaign in the Shenandoah. They came to invade, and have failed; they must leave or cross the Potomac. They acknowledge a loss of 1,600 men since the last advance from Strasburg, and to-day their loss has been severe; our loss slight.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, August 29, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, City Point, Va.:

Scouts who left Mine Run Thursday night are just in, and report following: Wickham's and Young's cavalry brigades passed up the Valley early part of last week. Corse's and Anderson's brigades started for Richmond early part of last week. Anderson's brigade revelled and is still in Valley. Thought to be no infantry now in the Valley but part of Ewell's old corps and two or three brigades of Longstreet's corps. General Ed. Johnson, of Ewell's corps, gone to Atlanta. Understood that Beauregard has gone to Atlanta with troops from Valley. General Lomax is in Richmond, but not known whether his brigade is there. Prominent secessionists of Orange County say Richmond cannot be held a month with Weldon road in our possession. Rumors of important movements of infantry in the Valley when scouts left, but no particulars could be had. Other scouts will be in Wednesday.

GEORGE K. LEET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copies to Generals Meade and Sheridan.)

