
CHARLESTOWN, W. VA., August 29, 1864-11 p. m.

(Received 30th.)

Captain LEET,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The reports of scouts from Mine Run are inaccurate. Prisoners were yesterday captured from Wickham and Lomax. Lomax is in command of the Valley cavalry and Fitz Lee in command of all cavalry int he Valley. Breckinridge's corps I saw myself this evening; Ewell's corps I have not been able to locate for two days. Kershaw's division was here Sunday morning. I do not know who Corse and Anderson belong to, unless to some of the divisions of Longstreet's corps; they do not belong to Kershaw. Early was here to-day.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

CHARLESTOWN, W. VA., August 29, 1864-9.30 p. m.

(Received 2.30 a. m. 30th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I respectfully recommend the removal of the military agent at Gallipolis as an alarmist or a Copperhead. Ramseur's and Gordon's division's, of Breckinridge's corps, were at the crossing of Opequon Creek, near Smithfield, to-day, and Breckinridge was there in person.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 29, 1864.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN:

I think a good commanding officer should be sent to Gallipolis; and if it be true that Breckinridge is operating against the Kanawha Valley, re-enforcements should be sent there.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., August 29, 1864.

(Received 9 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Received the following not from General Sheridan last night at midnight, dated Charlestown, August 28, and written about 9 p. m.; have nothing additional:

Colonel CHIPMAN,

Aide-de-Camp:

Your note of this p. m. received. I am occupying my old lines here with my infantry. Merritt's division of cavalry met Fitz Lee's cavalry at Leetown and drove Lee to Smithfield and then across the Opequon Creek. Our losses were not great; the enemy suffered severely. Several handsome cavalry charges were made by Merritt's command. The enemy are now concentrated at Bunker Hill. I cannot now say positively that they will fall back to Winchester; the reports are that they will; I have nothing definite; shall know to-morrow. I have had conflicting reports concerning the divisions of Field and Pickett. The rebels report that Hood has been killed, and that Longstreet is in command at Atlanta.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

N. P. CHIPMAN,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

