HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Fort Buffalo, Va., August 29, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the party sent out yesterday returned to-day, after twenty-four hours' absence, without having met Major Horton, though they went as far as Gum Spring. I immediately dispatched another party of thirty-five men of the Sixteenth to find him, giving such instructions as will, without doubt, insure, I think, his force joining that of the Eighth Illinois to-morrow by 12 m. I have also sent the necessary information to Major Waite to take the men from the Annandale stockade chiefly. I also sent rations and forage sufficient for the whole force from here until they can supply themselves.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Cavalry, Comdg. Cavalry Brigade.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,August 29, 1864.

Colonel H. M. LAZELLE,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date, and am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that he does not think it advisable to change the instructions already issued. Your resignation has been suspended.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Fort Buffalo, Va., August 29, 1864.

Major G. G. HORTON,

Commanding Sixteenth New York Volunteer Cavalry:

Major G. G. HORTON,

Commanding Sixteenth New York Volunteer Cavalry:

MAJOR: By direction of the colonel commanding, I have the honor to inclose for your information a copy of instructions* from Major-General Augur to Major Waite, commanding Eighth Illinois Cavalry. By these instructions you will be guided. Major Waite will be at Gum Spring to-night. You will endeavor to join him there with your command to-night, but if you find you cannot, you will proceed so as to reach Aldie before 10 a. m. to-morrow. On your arriving at that place you will report with your party to Major Waite. Captain Schneider, Sixteenth New York Cavalry, takes rations with him sufficient to supply your men and horses for three days. After delivering these supplies to you Captain Schneider will remain with you with his party and be subject to your orders and to those of Major Waite.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN Y. LANSING,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See p. 942.

---------------

