
&amp;c., to trains, none will be furnished except on order from these headquarters. The strength of your command by last report, including the dismounted cavalry, was about 9,000 men. You will hereafter make all your report, returns, &c., direct to these headquarters, and not through Brevet Major-General Crook's headquarters.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS.1ST CAV. DIV., ARMY OF W. VA., No. 13. Point of Rocks, Md., August 29, 1864.

The following constitution of the brigades of this division will be observed until further orders: First Brigade, Colonel R. F. Taylor commanding-First New York Veteran Cavalry, Fifteenth New York Cavalry; Second Brigade, Colonel J. E. Wynkoop commanding-Twentieth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Twenty-first New York Cavalry.

Colonels Taylor and Wynkoop will immediately proceed to thoroughly organize their respective commands. Field reports will be sent in daily to these headquarters.

By command of Brigadier-General Duffie:

E. W. CLARK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,August 29, 1864-8.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General AVERELL:

Your note* of yesterday received. Merritt pitched into Fitz Lee's cavalry yesterday at Leetown; drove him from the town and through Smithfield across the crossing of Opequon. My information this morning leads to the belief that Early is still at Bunker Hill. Merritt is advancing a brigade toward that point; will know soon. Keep on your present line until we make a junction. Wilson is here on the Berryville pike. Torbert has joined me.

Respectfully,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Charlestown, W. Va., August 29, 1864.

Brevet Major-General KELLEY, Cumberland, Md.:

Your telegram of the 27th instant relative to affairs in your command is just received. You will have to make the best disposition of your forces possible for the present to guard against the incursions of the enemy. As soon as circumstances here will permit troops will be sent to be distributed so as to defend the railroad and the western part of the State. General Duffie is now on his way to Cumberland with about 2,500 men, dismounted cavalry, to establish a camp of instruction; his men are armed.

By order of Brevet Major-General Crook:

P. G. BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

