
September 30.-Rejoined division; camping and picketing.

October 1 to 3.-Encamped north of Mount Crawford, picketing on turnpike.

October 3.-Made a reconnaissance on turnpike.

October 4.-Remained in camp, picketing, &amp;c.

October 5.-Moved to Cross Keys and encamped on right of road to Harrisonburg.

October 6.-Moved with division to Harrisonburg and down the Valley, burning hay, grain, stores, &c.

October 7.-Moved on Ridge road; found enemy, who fell back as we advanced; encamped north of Edenburg.

October 8.-Moved through Woodstock and encamped.

October 9.-Moved down the pike; found enemy in force; after a brisk engagement pursued beyond Edenburg, capturing prisoners, wagons, stores, ammunition, &c.

October 10.-Returned to within three miles of Strasburg and encamped.

October 11.-Moved through Strasburg, across Cedar Creek, and encamped on left of infantry.

October 12.-Remained in camp.

October 13.-Moved to near and encamped in rear of army headquarters.

October 14.-Saddled all day, but did not break camp.

October 15.-Moved with division to Front Royal via Middletown and Cedarville; encamped near Front Royal.

October 16.-Returned to camp two miles west of Middletown.

October 17.-Remained in camp.

October 18.-Remained in camp, picketing, &c.

October 19.-Moved to the right of infantry on reconnaissance; found enemy in force; skirmished an hour and fell back, as the whole army had been attacked; formed skirmish line, connecting with infantry, and held position until 3 p. m.; made several brilliant charges, one upon a battery with considerable loss; Colonel Lowell mortally wounded at battle of Cedar Creek.

October 20.-Moved with division to Woodstock; brigade advanced to Edenburg, and returned to camp near Fisher's Hill, finding no enemy.

October 21.-Marched to Middletown and encamped on left of infantry.

October 22 to 26.-Remained as above. On 23rd sent two squadrons on picket near Fisher's Hill.

October 27.-Sent two regiments on reconnaissance to Woodstock; returned, finding no enemy.

October 28 to 31.-Remained in camp, picketing, &c.

November 1.-In camp near Middletown on left of infantry.

November 3.-Orders from division headquarters to guard construction parties on Harper's Ferry and Winchester Railroad; broke camp and moved to Halltown.

November 5.-Moved to Charlestown and encamped, picketing, guarding railroad, &c.; performed same duty along line of railroad to Stephenson's Depot, moving camp from time to time to keep pace with completion of railroad.

November 23.-At Stephenson's Depot, guarding quartermaster's department and picketing camp.

November 27.-The Sixth U. S. Cavalry joined the brigade per Special Orders, No. 96, headquarters Cavalry, Middle Military Division, November 27, 1864.

