
in my last communication to you, you can relieve it form duty at present. If you can do it, it would be advisable to keep your organization up, subject to be called out at short notice. We will keep you informed of any movements of the rebels in that direction. I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST,New York City, August 29, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I wrote to you on the 18th of August in regard to the draft in this city, and the necessity of adequate military preparation against armed resistance to it. Recent developments satisfy me that a much larger force than that named in my letter of that date will be needed to insure tranquility. Brigadier-General Hays, in an official letter addressed last week to the commanding officer of the department in reply to queries addressed to him, says:

First. I do expect violet resistance to the draft.

Second. In my opinion 10,000 good troops will be required for the prompt execution of the law in this division.

This opinion is concurred in by the superintendent of the police and by our most intelligent citizens. With the information in my possession, as well as from indications which have occurred under my observation, I deem it hazardous to commence the draft without a force of from 8,000 to 10,000 men.

I am, respectfully, yours,

JOHN. A. DIX,

Major-General.

CHARLESTOWN, VA., August 30, 1864-9.30 p. m.

(Received 9 a. m. 31st.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

There is no change in the position of affairs here to-day. The enemy hold a line from Bunker Hill to the Opequon Creek; their left at Bunker Hill and right on the Opequon, near the crossing of the dirt road from Summit Point to Winchester. I sent two divisions of cavalry, via Berryville, to strike the Front Royal and Strasburg road. I will not get information from them before to-morrow. If Early has detached troops for Richmond I will attack him vigorously; as yet I have not been able to learn that he has done so. Kershaw is on the right of their line, and it is certain that he has not gone. Breckinridge was here yesterday. Rodes has not been heard from for two days. Colonel Lowell charged and drove in enemy's pickets on Summit Point road to-day, killing tow officers and three men, and capturing five, all from Fitz Lee's cavalry. All the information which I can get leads to the belief that no troops have yet been sent to Richmond. I learn to-day that Corse's brigade, of Pickett's division, and Johnston's brigade, of Field's division, are here, which accounts for the report that

61 R R-VOL XLIII, PT I

