
Fifth and Sixth Regiments West Virginia Cavalry. The veterans of the Fifth have been left without officers, nearly all of the officers having been mustered out with those men whose time of service has expired. The veterans are in Wheeling, W. Va., unable to draw pay and not doing any duty. The veterans of the Sixth are concentrated at North Branch, on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and are, as I understand, to be mounted at once. The consolidation of these regiments is desired by the men of both, and would be beneficial to them. It would result in converting a useless mob into a body of men capable, if placed under competent officers, or doing good service as a mounted regiment.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,August 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Cumberland, Md.:

General Duffie started to your place yesterday with about 2,500 dismounted men. Should any troops be required in the Kanawha Valley send some of these until I can spare some of the troops from here, which will not be long.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

MARTINSBURG, August 30, 1864.

(Received 8 a. m.)

Major-General KELLEY:

Enemy's picket is strong across valley from Gerrardstown to Dandridge's; they have been slightly aggressive to-day. Early's main force is at Bunker Hill. I cannot advise an attempt to reconstruct at present. Sheridan is moving. I may be able to tell you to-morrow; nothing but skirmishing to-day. Please send me general news dispatch.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

MARTINSBURG, [August] 30, 1864.

Major General B. F. KELLEY:

Please send me 30,000 pounds of grain forage at once. Enemy's main force at Bunker Hill. Pickets are busy.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, August 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General AVERELL,

Martinsburg:

Train with forage left for Martinsburg at 7 p. m. Advise the conductor at North Mountain where you want it unloaded.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

