
command of the Military District of Harper's Ferry and being ordered to report to Brigadier-General Stevenson for duty, and by direction of the brevet major-general commanding to state, in reply, that the order assigning General Stevenson was made in accordance with verbal instructions received by him from the commanding general of the Middle Military Division. It was supposed at the time that General Stevenson was your senior, and as you were known to be unwell it was thought that in your state of health it would be a relief to you to have the responsibility of your important command transferred to some one else for the present at least. The letter directing you to report to General Stevenson at the expiration of your leave was written under the impression that you were his junior in point of rank. The commanding general would not take upon himself such an assumption of authority as to order an officer to report for duty to his junior. That authority, as you are aware, can only be exercised by the President. At the expiration of your present leave the commanding general directs that you report in person at the headquarters of the department for assignment to duty.

I have the honor to be, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. G. BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 30, 1864.

Governor BROUGH,

Columbus, Ohio:

General Sheridan says that he saw General Breckinridge yesterday, and also telegraphs as follows:

I respectfully recommend the removal of the military agent at Gallipolis as an alarmist or a Copperhead. Ramseur's and Gordon's divisions, of Breckinridge's corps, were at the crossing of Opequon Creek, near Smithfield, to-day, and Breckinridge was there in person.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 30, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The military agent is not a Copperhead nor an alarmist. He communicates his information is based on a rebel mail that got through to Charleston last Friday. A letter from one of Breckinridge's officers to his brother says their corps will be at Lewisburg within ten days. One of our spies saw it. The agent acted in good faith in making his communication; perhaps I was too quick in acting on it.

JOHN BROUGH.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,Baltimore, Md., August 30, 1864.

Honorable C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a communication from certain loyal colored men of the city of Baltimore, complain-

