
November 29.-Pursuant to orders from Cavalry Corps headquarters, moved at 3 a. m., with no wheel transportation, via Berryville, across Shenandoah River; occupied Snicker's Gap and Snickersville at noon; marched to Bloomfield, and thence via Union and Philomont back to Snickersville, reporting to General Merritt, division commander, and bivouacked for the night.

November 30.-The Second Massachusetts Cavalry and Second U. S. Cavalry on an expedition through northwestern Loudoun County; First U. S. Cavalry on picket and cattle guard; the Sixth U. S. Cavalry on picket in the Gap, and on expedition along the west side of Blue Ridge. Brigade headquarters at Snickersville, near the division headquarters. The duty of the brigade has been light but tedious, and no events of importance have occurred during the month.

December 1.-Crossed the Blue Ridge at Snicker's Gap, driving cattle collected in Loudoun County, &amp;c., and encamped after getting stock across the Shenandoah.

December 2.-Joined by the Second U. S. and Second Massachusetts Cavalry; moved with the division as rear guard to near Stone Chapel and encamped.

December 3.-Arrived at division camp and ordered into camp near Kernstown.

December 13.-Brigadier-General Gibbs assumed command of brigade, relieving Colonel Crowninshield.

December 19.-Moved at daylight with the First and Third Divisions, with four days' rations and forage, pursuant to orders, to two miles beyond Front Royal, encamping in Chester Gap.

December 20.-Moved at 6 a. m., passing through Flint Hill, Gaines' Cross-Roads, Little Washington, Sperryville, and encamped two miles from Woodville.

December 21.-Moved at 6 a. m. in advance. When within six miles of Madison Court-House countermarched and followed the division through Craigsville; crossed Hughes' River and encamped in rear of the First Brigade at Madison Court-House.

December 22.-Moved at 11 a. m., Second Division in advance; found the enemy at Rapidan River. Passed through Jack's Shop (First and Second Brigades moved up the river, crossing at Brock's Ford; Reserve brigade left with train) and encamped.

December 23.-First and Second Divisions, crossing the river, found enemy in force near Gordonsville and returned. Reserve brigade left guarding train. Moved back through Madison Court-House, crossing Robertson's River at Russell's Ford.

December 24.-Moved at 9 a. m., passing through James City, and encamped five miles from Culpeper Court-House.

December 25.-Moved at 7 a. m., passing through Jefferson, Fauquier Sulphur Springs, encamping three miles from there. Foraging parties sent out, one of which captured and destroyed 150,000 Sharps carbine cartridges, 1,000,000 caps, 200 muskets, 90 blankets, and 4 prisoners captured. "A merry Christmas."

December 26.-Moved through Warrenton, New Baltimore, Georgetown, and White Plains; two prisoners captured. The Second Division marched to the left at Warrenton.

December 27.-Moved out as rear guard, passing through Middleburg, Canton, Rector's Cross-Roads, Upperville, Paris, and Ashby's Gap, on Millwood and Winchester turnpike. Forded the Shenandoah, crossing the dismounted men, stock, &c., and encamped about one mile and a half from the river.

7 R R-VOL XLIII, PT I

