
CHAMBERSBURG, PA., August 31, 1864-8 p. m.

(Received 11.15 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

General Cadwalader reports that he captured seventy prisoners last night in Columbia County. These are chiefly leaders and others who were organized to resist the draft. They will be sent to Fort Mifflin.

COUCH,

Major-General.

SIGNAL CAMP,

Greencastle, Pa., August 31, 1864.

Captain H. S. TAFFT, Chief Assistant, Signal Bureau:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make you the following report of the operations of this detachment during the month ending August 31, 1864:

At the date of my last report the greater portion of my detachment were on duty at Harper's Ferry, whilst myself and a small party were temporarily stationed at Emmitsburg, Md. From this point we moved into the Cumberland Valley, by order of Captain F. E. Town, and opened stations at Greencastele, North Mountain, and Williamsport. These stations remained in operation until August 5, when the parties occupying the two last posts were compelled to abandon them on account of the advance of the enemy to Hagerstown and Williamsport. After the retreat of the enemy across the river I requested and obtained permission to return to my command at Harper's Ferry. Immediately upon my return the whole detachment belonging to this department were relieved from duty and ordered to report to Major-General Couch. I reported at headquarters Department of Susqehanna August 11, and for some days thereafter remained in camp near Chambersburg, for the purpose of equipping my men with horses and the necessary clothing. These arrangements being completed, I moved the detachment to this place, and reponed our previous stations. I have signal posts at present at this point, on North Mountain, and near Williamsport, and it is my intention to open another at Fairview as soon as possible. From these points it will be very easy to watch the fords of the upper Potomac, from Falling Waters to Hancock, and to give timely notice of any attempt to cross. I regret very much that the haziness of the atmosphere has embarrassed our operations very much for the fall. During the past month Lieutenant Reymer has reported to me for instructions and duty. Good horses have been furnished to the enlisted men, and I have the honor of reporting my detachment as well equipped and instructed as any party with which I ever served.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AMOS M. THAYER,

First Lieutenant and Chief Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,Chambersburg, Pa., August 31, 1864.

Captain E. M. WARREN,

Independent Company 100-days' Pennsylvania Volunteers:

CAPTAIN: The commanding general directs that you move your command from where it is at present located to within three of four miles

