
September 19.-The division broke camp at 2 a. m., taking the advance of the army toward Winchester on Berryville pike; drove in their pickets at the Opequon, and moving McIntosh's brigade in advance up the pike at a trot, scattering a regiment of cavalry on picket before us and making some prisoners, struck their outer line two miles and a half from Winchester, defended on the pike by a regiment of infantry in a commanding position in the woods and in breast-works. General McIntosh, seeing that the heavy fire of musketry for a moment checked our advance, took the lead himself, and charging with the six regiments of his brigade repeatedly up to the muzzles of the enemy's muskets finally succeeded, with the assistance of Batteries B and L, Lieutenant Peirce, Second U. S. Artillery, in wresting this important position from the enemy, who fled in confusion, leaving many dead and wounded and losing some 70 prisoners. Our loss was heavy in killed and wounded. The enemy now opened with several batteries from his inner line of battle, but the division held the position and was relieved at 6 a. m. by the infantry, when the command moved to the extreme left of the army a mile and a quarter from the Strasburg pike, whence frequent demonstrations were made against the enemy's right. After our troops had entered Winchester we pursued the retreating masses of the enemy, but night setting in halted at Kernstown and bivouacked. September 20.-Took up the march to near Front Royal.

September 21.-Crossed the two forks of the Shenandoah, driving the enemy.

September 22.-Found him strongly intrenched at Milford; several attempts to dislodge him failed; withdrew at night; bivouacked at Bentonville.

September 23.-Marched to Buckton and back to near Milford.

September 24.-Marched through Luray to near Massanutten Gap and bivouacked.

September 25.-Crossed mountain; halted at New Market; 5 p. m. marched to Harrisonburg and bivouacked.

September 26.-Marched to Staunton and bivouacked; captured a number of wounded and convalescent prisoners, large quantity of rebel hard bread, flour, and many wall-tents, tobacco, saddles and bridles, &amp;c.; destroyed what we did not want.

September 27.-Moved to Waynesborough and bivouacked.

September 28.-In camp; destroyed the railroad for several miles and the bridge at Waynesborough.

September 29.-At 5 p. m. the enemy, with cavalry, artillery, and infantry, advanced, attacking and driving our pickets through the town; skirmished till after dark; enemy succeeded in gaining possession of pike in our rear, compelling part of the command to move through the country; part of it charged through on the pike under a spirited fire from the enemy's dismounted men; marched all night through Staunton to Springfield; bivouacked several hours.

September 30.-Reached Bridgewater and went into camp, picketing from Mount Crawford to the right of Bridgewater.

October 1.-In camp at Bridgewater.

October 2.-The enemy made a brisk attack along the picket-line; was repulsed by the Second New York Cavalry and the line re-established.

October 3 to 5.-In camp. Pursuant to orders the Fifth New York Cavalry was detailed to burn houses in vicinity of camp in retaliation for the murder of Lieutenant Meigs.

