
prominent citizens explanatory of his object, and asking their co-operation, at the same time giving him authority to raise a command for local defense in conformity to law, but strictly prohibiting him from receiving any absentees from the army or persons liable to enrollment in the general service. I think such a command, well managed, will contribute greatly to the security of the people and their property.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 10, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Grant such authority as is recommended by General Lee. Let the officer have a certified copy of this letter from General Lee, which will be his best recommendation to the citizens of the Northern Neck. Refer him, too, to General Kemper, to whom he will report for the present, and will co-operate with the reserves.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

HARRISONBURG, August 9, 1864.

EDITOR WHIG:

Defeat of McCausland. Our forces under Generals B. T. Johnson and McCausland suffered defeat near Moorefield, Hardy County, on Sunday morning last about daylight. They were surprised, attacked by forces under Averell, and stampeded and routed, the enemy capturing and killing 300 or 400 of Johnson's men, 4 pieces of artillery, and 800 or 900 horses. It was a perfect rout, our men scattering in wild disorder and confusion and running in different directions. Fuller particulars to-morrow.

J. H. WARTMAN.

[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 9, 1864.

Respectfully submitted for the information of the President.

It is a copy of a press dispatch sent to the Whig. I have retained till officially advised.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

AUGUST 9, 1864.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

GENERAL: I will move Rodes' and Ramseur's divisions in the morning toward Martinsburg, and you will picket on the Charlestown road, as well as the Brucetown road, and toward Indian Springs. You must keep a vigilant lookout for the enemy and drive him back if he advances. I will go with Rodes and Ramseur myself.

Respectfully,

J. A. EARLY,

Lieutenant-General.

