HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,August 9, 1864.

General BRECKINRIDGE;

GENERAL: The movements of the enemy render it necessary for your command to be kept always ready to move at a moment's notice. Men and officers must be kept in camp. All roads must be picketed in every direction. General Early directs me to say that he wishes you to give your personal attention to this.

I am, general, respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. S. PENDLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,August 9, 1864-11 p. m.

General BRECKINRIDGE:

GENERAL: Move at sunrise to-morrow to Winchester. Colonel Allan will move his train, following your leading division. Take your artillery.

By order of Lieutenant-General Early:

A. S. PENDLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., August 10, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Hdqrs. Army of Northern Virginia, near Petersburg, Va.:

I accept your conclusion. General G. W. C. Lee not physically equal to the duty. Send the senior brigadier of Fitz Lee's division. He will require temporary rank, being now junior to Brigadier-General Vaughn, unless the latter is ordered elsewhere.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

AUGUST 10, 1864.

OFFICIAL AND RELIABLE.]

Grant is gathering a large force at or near Harper's Ferry. He (Grant) has been up giving direction, and has returned to the forces confronting Petersburg. The force at Harper's Ferry will make an impetuous dash down the Valley; will try to get in the rear of Early and recapture all supplies, cut railroads, lay waste the corps, &c. The force now at or about Harper's Ferry is estimated between 50,000 and 60,000, cavalry, infantry, and artillery included. Grant will continue to lie before Petersburg with what is left of his army, and will attack if there should be the least chance for success. They have on the upper Potomac between 7,000 and 8,000 cavalry. Plans, you see, have wonderfully changed since my last dispatch a few days ago. They have been marching and countermarching though the counties lying on the upper Potomac, no doubt to deceive Early and lead him in a trap. But we are in hopes Early may arrange matters and catch him. No troops in the county. Gold, 260 1/2, so quoted in the papers; can't be bought for that.

Yours, &c.,

DURST.

N. B.- It is not known reliably who will be chief in command of all the forces at Harper's Ferry, but most likely Hooker, as he has recently been ordered here from the Southwest. Hooker has by some means

