
landed at Alexandria, Annapolis, Baltimore, and Washington from Grant's army. This accords with information from same source of 5th and 6th, which states that Sheridan and Hooker were in Washington; that 2,500 cavalry had arrived; that Grant and staff had gone to Harper's Ferry, and that Sheridan's cavalry, 8,000, were all in Washington. Total force for operations in Maryland believed to be 50,000; total left at Petersburg about the same. Brigade of cavalry with artillery passed through Washington on 7th. You must estimate the worth of these reports.

J. S. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS,August 11, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON:

Your dispatch of to-day received. General Grant has been at Harper's Ferry; General Sheridan has been placed in command of that department; the greater part of his cavalry has gone with him. The part of the Nineteenth Corps that has been serving here, and probably the Eighteenth Corps, are the only infantry, I believe, that have left General Meade.

R. E. LEE.

MOUNT JACKSON, August 11, 1864.

T. H. WYNNE, Esq.:

Yours received. On Sunday morning at daylight Averell, by having flanked the picket, guided by Union Men of the county, came on the camp of Johnson's brigade, and were on the First and Second Maryland before they had notice; they were dispersed, with a loss of fifty. The rest of the command fell back toward Moorefield, checking him as far as possible, until it reached the town, distant four miles, when the Twenty-first, Colonel Peters, and the Twenty-seventh [Battalion], Captain Gibson, stopped his further pursuit. My command them moved off toward Mount Jackson, losing 150 to 175 killed, wounded, and missing, and 2 pieces of artillery and 2 ambulances. Part of McCausland's went up the Winchester road and part was with me. General McCausland being with me, I covered the movement on my road until all got off. He lost two pieces of artillery and fully as many prisoners as I did, and many more horses. I lost our horses, besides those of prisoners. Will write fully.

B. T. J[OHNSON].

[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 11, 1864.

Respectfully submitted for the information of the President. I have advised retention from publication.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

