
ORDNANCE OFFICE, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

August 11, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Staunton:

Direct Major Leyden to send four of the seven Napoleons received by him to Captain Gregory, General Early's army, at once.

By command of General Lee:

B. G. BALDWIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel Commanding, Army of Northern Virginia.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, No. 189. August 11, 1864.

* * * * *

IV. Brigadier General A. C. Godwin, Provisional Army, C. S., is assigned to the command of the brigade of Early's division formerly commanded by General Hoke, and will report accordingly.

* * * * *

By command of General R. E. Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,

August 11, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. H. ANDERSON:

GENERAL: The Washington Chronicle of the 8th states that General Sheridan has superseded General Hunter in command of the troops on the upper Potomac, and I believe that the greater part of his cavalry has been detached by General Grant and sent to Washington and Baltimore. This morning General Hampton commences his march for Culpeper, with his division, to report to you. It is desirable that the presence of our troops be felt beyond the Rappahannock. You had better take position north of Culpeper Court-House and let the cavalry operate north of Rappahannock River. Should the enemy's forces move west of the Blue Ridge range, leaving Washington uncovered, the cavalry might cross the Potomac east of the mountains and demonstrate against that city. Should he concentrate all his cavalry in the Valley, unless it can be withdrawn by other operations ours must meet it, and General Hampton must take command of all the cavalry when united. Any enterprise that can be undertaken to injure the enemy, distract or separate his forces, embarrass his communications on the Potomac or on land, is desirable. If you can learn what troops have been detached from Grant's army let me know. Prisoners and deserters state the Eighteenth Corps and the portion of the Nineteenth operating here have left.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

