HEADQUARTERS,August 11, 1864.

General WADE HAMPTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I desire you to proceed with your division of Culpeper. On arrival you will report to Lieutenant General R. H. Anderson, commanding in that quarter. The object is to threaten the enemy's flank and rear should he move across the Blue Ridge into the Valley, and to retain his forces about Washington for its protection. It is desirable that the presence of the troops in that region be felt, and should the enemy move up the Potomac, if practicable, east of the Blue Ridge. Should the enemy's cavalry be concentrated in the Valley, ours must meet it, if it cannot cause its withdrawal by other operations. Specific instructions will be given you by General Anderson.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,August 11, 1864.

General J. A. EARLY:

Major General L. L. Lomax has been directed to report to you to relieve General Ransom, in command of cavalry. General Ransom on being relieved will report to the Adjutant-General, Richmond.

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,August 11, 1864.

General J. A. EARLY:

Washington Chronicle of the 8th states that Sheridan has superseded Hunter. Another division of cavalry had been sent to General Anderson; communicate with him.

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS,August 12, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States:

Mr. PRESIDENT: I received last night your dispatch of the 11th giving information of the enemy's movements.* I was aware of the departure of a large part of Sheridan's cavalry, and that he had taken command of the Federal forces in the Valley. Torbert's division is the only one that has yet reached that region, and I am not positive whether the whole of the other divisions have gone or not, though it is so reported. I thought it best, however, to move Hampton's division to Culpeper, and it commenced its march yesterday. W. H. F. Lee's division is retained, and I hope it will be sufficient for the protection of the railroad. If I find that the enemy's cavalry here is superior to ours I will recall some of Hampton's. I have assigned General H[ampton] to

---------------

*See Vol. XLII, Part II, p. 1169.

---------------

