754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
ests if we undertook to pass upon it, and we
thought it safer to the public interests to send
them to the Court of Claims. It is our sugges-
tion and not the petition of the university of
Kentucky. I suppose the Committee on Claims
would recommend a similar disposal of any
like claim, and for the same reafon ; but of
course we cannot make any such recommend-
, ation until they come here and ask us to allow
their claims. There is no disposition to make
favorites of the universities of Kentucky, to pet
them at all. We had the claim before us, and
we must reject it or allow it or send it some-
where else, and we thought we would send it
to the Court of Claims.
Mr. DRAKE. If those cases are to be sent
to the Court of Claims at all let a general law
be passed which shall send all of them there.
That is my view of the matter. I do not wish
to have one sent there and the same privilege
refused to another, according to the arbitrary
discretion of the two Houses of Congress. Let
them all go there. I can get up in the State
of Missouri claims enough of this kind to oc-
cupy the attention of the Court of Claims for
months. I think it is a great deal better that
the matter should take some other course than
this, and especially that we should have the op-
portunity of seeing this joint resolution printed
and lying on our tables before we act upon it
when the action upon it is to contravene an
existing general statute.
Mr. DAVIS. I will make but a single
remark. I have been a member of the Com-
mittee on Claims for some years, and it has
been the practice of the committee throughout
the time I have served upon it to refer occa-
sional claims to the decision of the Court of
Claims. I admit that the law is as is stated by
the honorable Senator from Missouri and the
honorable Senator from New York ; but where
there are claims that seem to have some pecu-
liar difficulty, and at the same time some strong
merit, it has been occasionally the practice of
the Committee on Claims to report a bill to
refer them to the Court of Claims, and such
bills have passed. There is no favoritism
intended in referring this claim to the Court
of Claims. If favoritism resulting from care-
lessness and inattention and negligence were
to be secured they would be more apt to be
secured before Congress than in the Court of
Claims. I hope the resolution will be allowed
to pass. If the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri has the claims of any other literary insti-
tutions of this character in his State to present
let him presentthem, and I shall vote with very
great pleasure to refer them to the Court of
Claims.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the joint reso-
lution lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. HENDERSON. Before the vote is
taken on that motion I desire to make one
remark. I hope the resolution will be laid on
the table, not that I am opposed to it, but I
desire to offer an amendment to it. The Uni-
versity of the State of Missouri is in a similar
fix, and if this resolution be taken up to-mor-
row I shall offer an amendment to it in rela-
tion to that institution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion to lay on the table is not debatable.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-
nine, noes not counted.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. FERRY, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 443) for the relief of Hiram C.
Lillie, reported it back, and moved its indefi-
nite postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1340) to
amend an act entitled "Ail act to confirm cer-
tain private land claims in the Territory of
New Mexico,5' reported it without amend-
ment, and submitted a report: which was
ordered to be printed.
He .also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mary E. J. Mitch-
ell, widow of Captain J. G. Mitchell, United
States Navy, deceased,, asking a grant of land
discovered and occupied by him in Alaska ter-
ritory, asked to be discharged from it3 further
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 741) to encourage and facilitate telegraphic
communication>be.tween the .eastern and west-
ern continents, reported it with amendments.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Private Land Claims, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1276) for the sale
of the Hot Springs reservation, in Arkansas,
to report it back and move that the committee
be discharged from' its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands. It is a proper subject for that
committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the same committee,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1343)
to confirm the title to certain land to the pue-
blo of Santa Ana, in the Territory of New
Mexico, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1344) to con-
firm certain private land claims in the Terri-
tory of New Mexico, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was1 referred the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 191) explanatory of an act of
Congress approved March 3, 1865, entitled
"An act extending the time for the comple-
tion of certain land-grant railroads in the
States of Minnesota and Iowa, and for other
purposes," reported it with an amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 201) to drop from the
rolls of the Army officers absent without leave,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
288) amendatory of a joint resolution for the
relief of certain officers of the Army, approved
July 20. 1866, reported adversely thereon.
_ Mr. NYE, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, to whom were referred resolutions of the
Legislature of Minnesota in relation to the
purchase of Alaska and the transfer of the
Territories between Minnesota and Alaska to
the Dominion of Canada, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. CRAUIN, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to whom was referred the memorial
of Andrew Stewart, of Steubenville, Jefferson
county, Ohio, praying that certain provisions
of the laws of New Mexico be annulled, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 808) to annul a portion
of a certain statute of the Territory of New
Mexico ; which was read, and passed to a sec-
ond reading.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom were referred the fol-
lowing bills, reported them back and moved
their indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to:
A bill (S. No. 560) to transfer the Indian
Bureau and Indian affairs from the Interior
Department to the War Department;
A bill (S. No. 390) to create a superintend-
ence of Indian affairs for Montana and Idaho
Territories;
A bill (S. No. 346) to set apart a territory
for the Indians now inhabiting the State of
Nevada and the Territories of Utah, Colorado,
New Mexico, and Arizona;
A bill (S. No. 397) to dissolve the ludian
peace commission, created by act of Congress
of July 20, 1867 ;
A bill (S. No. 12) to consolidate the south-
ern and Gentral Indian superintendencies and
certain Indian agencies, and to crea'e an
Indian superiutendency for the Territory of
Dakota;
A bill (S. No. 57) in relation to treaties with
Indian tribes;
A bill (S. No. 81) to provide for the con-
solidation of the Indian tribes, and to establish
a,qualified territorial government in the Indian
territory ;
A bill (S. No. 117) for the relief of Charles
E. Guerie;
A bill (S. No. 118) for the relief of Seth E.
Ward ; and
A bill (S. No. 119) for the relief of B. B.
Mills.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the council and
house of representatives of Nebraska, in favor
of the extinguishment of the title of the Ottoe
and Missouria Indians to certain land in Ne-
braska, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
CHANGE OB REFERENCE.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Committee
on the District of Columbia be discharged from
the further consideration of the bill(H. R. No.
1627) to establish a police court in the District
of Columbia, and that the bill'and memorial
and other papers pertaining thereto be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed 10.
SUFFKAGE CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to submit amo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which House
joint resolution No. 402, proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
It is not necessary to refer it to the Committee
on the Judiciary. The committee have already
considered it, and it may as well lie on the
table until the subject comes up. I therefore
move a reconsideration of the vote referring
the resolution to the Committee, on the Judi-
ciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I now move that, the joint
resolution lie on the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhehson, itsClerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 730)
supplementary to an act entitled "An act to
confirm the title to certain lands in the State
of Nebraska."
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HENDRICKS asked, and by unapi-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S.No. 859) granting a pension to Ann E.
Russell; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 860)
for the relief of Wright Duryea; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. NYE. _ I move the reference of this bill
to the Committee on Patents, and as it asks for
but one single thing, which I know they will
be very ready to grant, I desire at this time to
call their attention to it particularly.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire,
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 861) to au-
thorize the settlement of certain suspended
accounts in the Treasury Department; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to.introduceabill (S. No.
862) amendatory of the act providing for the
sale of the arsenal grounds at St. Louis and
Liberty, Missouri, and for other purposes,
approved July 25, 1868 ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CATTELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint;
resolution (S. R. No. 214) changing the name
of the steamship Aries, of the Philadelphia
and Boston steamship line, to that of Spartan ;
which was_ read twice by its title,, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
