fBE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
safety of all the passengers and crew. The law
now requires them to furnish life-preservers.
Those are supposed to answer the purpose
until they cap getsoroe other contrivance, some
life-rafts or lite-boats. 1 ask that the bill may
be passed as amended by the committee.
Mr. STEWART. I concur with what has
been said as to the fact that ship-owners will
not supply themselves with the various conven-
iences that have been invented for saving life.
If the ship is-, lost they have no particular in-
terest in saving the passengers, as under such
circumstances passengers are annoying to them
beeausetheyhavelosttheir inoney; and, strange
as it may he, the owners are generally cold-
blooded enough to be willing that thepassengers
should go if the ship goes. But there is a
great deal of intrinsic difficulty in this whole
business, and I believe that the Committee on
Commerce, if they will devote themselves to
devising means for having a proper system of
inspection, a proper board of inspection, would
remedy many of the evils under which we
labor. The trouble now is that the laws are dis-
regarded. We should have some board of in-
spection of more reliability than our present
one. Great Britain is far in advance of us iu
this particular. Shetakes herretired admirals
to inspect not only the vessels but the com-
manders and officers of the boats, and succeeds
much better than we do iu enforcing her regu-
lations. I believe the Committee on Commerce
ought to devise some plan whereby there shall
be responsibility in carrying out these regula-
tions ; and I believe this bill does require some
further amendment. I do not think it is safe
to designate patents by name ; we should desig-
nate the article to be secured, and then we
should have some board of officers that we
could trust in making the selection. I think
the whole business demands the serious con-
sideration of Congress, not only for making reg-
ulations, but to provide for their enforcement.
Most of the trouble is that our present regula-
tions are badly enforced, and that the passengers
are generally lost when the ship is, in many
cases on account of the neglect to furnish the
appliances the law now requires.
Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 rise to move an
adjournment.
Mr. CORBETT. I hope we shall notadjourn
until we pass this bill.
_Mr. COLE. I should like to know when this
bill will be in order again if we adjourn without
passing it to-night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thoxy in the chair.) It will be the unfinished
business, and will come up to-morrow at one
o' clock.
Mr. COLE. I think it exceedingly important
that this bill should be passed before we ad-
journ.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Of course this bill will
be in order to-morrow. I will give way to the
Senator from Indiana, who asks me to do so.
_ Mr. MORTON. Here is a patent right des-
ignated by name which every ship-owner in the j
United States is required to buy. Whether it '
is the best patent or not will be found by expe-
rience ; we do not know. The honorable Sen-
ator from Nevada, it turns out, does not know
anything about it, according to his own con-
fession. He has an advertisement that he says
was put on his desk a year ago. I saw it a few
minutes ago.
Mr. NYE. I have seen the mattress.
Mr. MORTON. But I presume the Senator
has never tried it. All that he knows about it
is what we all know, that cork is light. That
is about the substance of his knowledge on the
subject, but he requires every ship-owner to
buy these cork mattresses. Of course, when
be is required to buy it by law of Congress, the
patentee can charge what he pleases, and the
ship-owners are in his hands. Then this bill
by another provision requires ship-owners to
buy a certain patent right for bailing life-boats.
Oi course they are in the hands of that pat-
entee, Now, sir, before we put all the snip-
owners into the hands of these patentees, there
ought to be some evidence before the Senate
that these are the best patents ; that they are
valuable. We have no evidence before the
Senate on that subject. It may be a joke here,
but it will not be a joke to them if they are
required to buy these things.
Sir. NYE. There are a number of official
certificates here.
Mr. MORTON. The Senate has not seen
them.
Mr. NYE. I have.
Mr. MORTON. I say the Senate has not.
Mr. NYE. It is not my fault that the Sen-
ate has not seen them.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to remind the
Senate that we shall be obliged to hold night
sessions every night till the end of the session.
It is after ten o'clock, and is time that we should
adjourn. I have heard so much about mat-
tresses that I should like to go home and try
one. [Laughter.] I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 24, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. CAMERON presented seventeen peti-
tions of citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for
such an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States as will fully acknowledge the
obligations of the Christian religion; which
were referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
He also presented a resolution of the Board
of Trade of Philadelphia, asking Congress to
institute such inquiries and to inaugurate such |
measures as will secure to American shipping
in Spanish ports an equalization of tonnage '
dues and port charges with those imposed upon j
the most favored nation ; which was referred j
to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a resolution of the Board
of Trade of Philadelphia, recommending the
passage of the bill introduced by Mr. Cock-
ling prohibiting secret sales or purchases of
gold or bonds on account of the United States ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pi-
nance.
He also presented a petition of the Penn-
sylvania Academy of Fine Arts, praying the
passage of a law for the protection of copyright j
for works of art: which was referred to the j
Committee on the Library. >
Mr. POMEROY. I have received, and :
desire to present, a petition from a large num- !
ber of citizens, heads of families for the most |
part, living in the State of Kansas on the rivers '
known as the Solomons and Republican rivers,
in which they represent that the Indians who
committed depredations last year, for which I
the Government went to war with them, and '
who, it was supposed from the report of Gen- j
eral Custer and others were killed, have re- '
citizens of Illinois, praying for such an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
as will fully recognize the obligations of the
Christian religion : which was jpferre4 to the
Committee on the Judiciary, -j.
Mr. NYE presented the petition of Mary E.
Hill, praying compensation for \grviges as
unrse in the Army, and for reimbursement of
moneys expended to aid suffering soldiersj
which was referred to the Committee 011 Claims,
He also presented the petition of Johl^P.
Brown, secretary and dragoman of the Ameri-
can legation at Constantinople, praying an in-
crease of compensation ; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
He also presented _^ie petition of 0. H.
Dockery and others, members of the House
of Representatives from tffe %outhern States,
praying the passage of the bill to pay loyal
citizeas in the States lately in rebellion for
services rendered in taking the United States
census in 1860; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
reports of committees.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom were referred the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolutions, asked to be
discharged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to:
A bill (S. No. 639) providing for a more
efficient provisional government for Missis-
sippi^
A bill (S. No. 662) to carry out the recon-
struction acts of the State of Georgia;
A bill (S. No. 708) to repeal so much of the
act passed June 25, 1868, as provides for the
j admission of the State of Georgia to repre-
sentation in Congress and to provide a pro-
visional government therein, and for other
purposes;
A bill (S. No. 716) to provide for the reas-
sembling of the constitutional convention of
the State of Georgia, '■and to prescribe the
duties of the same;
A bill (S. No. 733) to enable the people of
Georgia to form a State government republican
in form;
A bill (S. No. 962) supplemental to an act
I to abolish and forever prohibit the system of
peonage in the Territory of New Mexico and
other parts of the United States; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 100) relative
to fixing an exterior line in New York harbor
on both sides of Hudson river.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill isS. No. 8-34) to further
the administration of justice, reported it with
amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following resolutions and
memorials, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration; which was agreed to:
Resolutions adopted at a meeting at Macotij
Georgia, approving the policy of R. B. Bul-
lock, Governor of that State, and asking for
the passage of a law for the protection of loyal
citizens 0? that State :
The petition of L. P. Gudger, of Georgia,
praying such legislation as will protect Union
men in that State;
turned, and ^
have commenced depredations again upon the i 1T of Georgia, praying for relief against vio-
settlements ; and they ask thai they may be ;i !?tloSsoftte 'Construction acts of Congressin
protected, and urge that vigilant and strenu-
ous efforts shall be made on the part of the
Government to that effect. I sympathize with
these settlers, but I do not know what I can
do more than move to refer this petition to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY also presented a petition
of citizens of Illinois, a petition of citizens of
Maine, a petition of citizens of New York, and
a petition of citizens of Michigan, praying for
such an amendment to the Constitution as will
grant the right of suffrage to women equally
with men ; which were ordered to He on the
table.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of
that State, and for security of life and property,
A petition of citizens of Georgia, praying the
passage of a law for their protection iu the
enjoyment of their civil rights ;
A letter of the Governor of Georgia to the
Congress of the United States, in relation to
the laws under which that State was to have
been admitted to representation in Congress;
A memorial of the representatives of the
colored voters of Georgia in convention as-
sembled, in relation to the action of the Legis-
lature in expelling twenty-nine colored raern*
bers from that body j
Resolutions adopted at a meeting of the Re-
publican party held in Atlanta, Georgia, Feb-
ruary 15,1869, relative to the political condition
m that frtate;
