1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
755
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to give notice,
under the rule, of an amendment which I shall
offer to the Army, Indian, or miscellaneous
appropriation bill, it being germane to either
of them. I move that it be printed andreferred
to the Committee on Appropriatiofis.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. OSBORN. I submit an amendmeut
which I propose to offer to House bill (II. R-
No. 1673) making.appropiiations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1870. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, Thit the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to communicate to the Senate a copy of the
report ot' J. L. Williams, Government director on
the Union Pacific railroad, dated June 16,1868.
Mr. HOWARD. I would ask for some fur-
ther explanation on that subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is the preliminary
report of Mr. Williams, director of the Pacific
railroad, which has not yet been sent to the
Senate. I desire a copy of it.
Mr. HOWARD. I inquire of the Senator
if it embraces that portion of the road lying in
California—the Central Pacific ?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; this is the prelimi-
nary report of Mr. Williams. Wehavehis sub-
sequent report, but not the preliminary report.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senate to
allow me .to call up a joint resolution which it
is very necessary to pass. It is the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 201) relating to the Depart-
ment of the Interior. I move that it be now
taken up.
The motion was agreed to ; and the joint
resolution Was read the second time and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of the Interior to
so change and alter that part of the Interior
Department building known as the north wing
thereof, on the floor occupied for the storage
and exhibition of models, as to convert it
into rooms for the use of officers and clerks
of the Department, and appropriates the sum
of $50,000 for such purpose, to be expended,
under the direction of the Secretary, by the
architect of the Capitol extension, upon plans
and estimates to be furnished by the architect
and approved by the Secretary. By the second
section the Secretary of the Interior is author-
ized to lease, for a period not exceeding one
year, with the privilege of continuing the same
from year to yearfor five years, at a yearly rent
not exceeding $10,000, the fire-proof building
on G street, for the use of the Department of
the Interior. The Secretary of the Interior is
authorized by the third section to remove from
the floor of the Department building nowoccu-
pied for the storage and exhibition of models,
whenever in his judgment the accumulation of
such models may render it expedient, all such
models as relate to applications for patents not
granted, and all such as may be, or may have
been, in the Department for a longer period
than seventeen years; and to store such as may
be deemed worth preserving in such parts of
the Department building as may not be wanted
for other purposes, and to dispose of the residue
as he may think best, by sale or otherwise.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to fill the blank
in the second section by the name of Mr. White;
I do not know his Christian, name.
The motion.was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am very
reluctant to make any objection to a bill re-
ported by the Committee on Public Buildings,
for I know that they are in the habit of well
considering their propositions. But ?t- seems
to me that the whole of this bill' is liable to
many grave and serious objections. In the first
place they propose to inaugurate a measure
that will in the end entirely dispense, so far as
I can understand it, with the present building
for the use of the Patent Office. The gather-
ing together there of the models of various
articles which have been patented ever since
the foundation of the Government presents per-
haps one of the finest museums in the world to
examine the progress of the arts; and I have
no doubt that if it was proposed to surrender
and dispose of this marvelous collection of
curiosities the British Government would pay
a very handsome sum for these models that are
now treasured up in this Department, making
it an attractive place of resort for the people
of the whole country, and as well a place where
the inventors of the country can make a com-
parison of their ideas.
In the next place it is proposed to pay
$10,000 a year for the rent of a building on
G street which I suppose might be purchased
for between forty and sixty thousand dollars.
If so, it had much better be purchased than
be rented at the rate of $10,000 a year.
The third section provides:
That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby
authorized to remove from the floor of the said de-
partment building now occupied for the storage and
exhibition of models, whenever, in his judgment, tbo
accumulation of such models may render the same
expedient, all such models as relate to applications
for patents not granted, and all such as may be, or
may have been, in said Department for a longer
period than seventeen years; and to store such as
may be doomed worth preserving in such parte of
said Department building as may not be wanted for
other purposes, and to dispose of the residuo as he
may think best, by sale or otherwise."
Now, Mr. President, these models, whether
a patent has been granted upon them or not,
are of great service to parties applying for
patents to compare and see whether anything
of the kind has been patented, orwhether any-
thing has been rejected ; they are all of use to
the courts to be examined, aud Ishould rather
regret to see the Patent Office—much better
known than the Department of the Interior—
placed under the control of the Secretary of the
Interior to discriminate and throw aside what-
ever of these models he sees fit. As it is now
it is a magnificent museum, and I trust that we
shall do nothing to abolish it.
Mr. FESSBN DEN. Mr. President, I should
like very much to have had the aid of my honor-
able friend from Vermont upon the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds, in order that
he might have shown us some way of getting
out of the difficulty in which we are placed for
want of room to accommodate the Department
of the Interior. It is very easy to object to
propositions of this kind as a matter of taste;
but after all it is not so easy to decide what
shall be done in a case of difficulty.
Now, sir, what is the fact? In spite of the
very apparently large size of the building used
by the Department of the Interior, there is a
very great want of room in it for the accommo-
dation of the clerks in the different offices._
The whole second floor, if I may so call it—
some, perhaps, may call it the third floor—the
whole upper floor is taken up for the exhibi-
tion of models. It is a large, long walk where
you can examine cases containing models, tak-
ing in all the upper story of that immense
building. While that is the ease, the elerks
in other bureaus, in the Pension Office partic-
ularly, are so crowded that the danger to
health is extreme. Sometimes they absolutely
faint at their work, owing to the crowded state
of their small rooms aud the want of proper
ventilations. We visited some of the rooms,
and coming in from the fresh air we could per-
ceive at once how very deleterious it must be
to the health of those employed there to be so
crowded into these small spaces. Some pro-
vision must be. made for their accommodation ;
something must be done. My honorable friend
objects to doing anything. He objects to the
whole bill. He will neither let us change the
upper floor nor will he agree to let us hire a
building temporarily in order to effect-this
necessary reform.
Why, sir, it is unjust, I' might almost Say I
outrageous, in the Government of the United
States to keep these men crowded together
there in the way they are and compel them to
labor as all the employes of the Government
must labor under such unfavorable and un-
healthy circnmstances as they are subjected to.
We examined the matter with great care, and
came to the conclusion that it was utterly use-
less to attempt to keep up this system of pre-
serving the model of every invention • that is
proposed for, a patent." Already the whole
upper story of that building is occupied with
models. They preserve-everything,-as the law
requires—all the old straw bonnets, for exam-
ple, because the law says so; and there they
are exposed to view. Now, sir, is the Sen-
ator aware of the rate at which these models
increase? They increase at the rate of four-
teen or fifteen thousand a year, and I may well
ask Senators when they design to stop this
accumulation. The years will not be many
before a building as large as that Department
building, taking the whole of it from top to
bottom, will not contain the models of-the
Patent Office. You will have somewhere or
other to put up another structure as large as
that, and in time larger, in order to effect this
purpose.
Well, sir, of what do they consist? A very
considerable portion of them are models ex-
hibiting or explaining the applications for pat-
ents which were rejected, which were not found
to be new, many of them of very considerable
antiquity, which may, as my friend says, occa-
sionally in future time, or at the present time,
be referred to by an examiner, but which are
of no earthly use beyond that; many of them
broken, parts gone, so that they are of com-
paratively no use at all.
In looking at this subject the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds came to the con-
clusions embodied in this resolution. In the
first place, no other Government but ours pre-
serves these models or requires them. The
British Government go altogether upon draw-
ings; they have no models; and I therefore
doubt very much whether, as my friend sug-
gests, they would give a very large sum for these
old models of rejected patents or those that
are broken and those that are of no use, taking
them together. Keeping up our system, it may
be wise to preserve some of them. We decided,
therefore, that the proper officer of that Depart-
ment—of course the head of the Department
will not do it himself—should simply make A.
selection, take out those which were designed
to illustrate applications for patents which were
rejected, and in addition to that take out ajl
that are over seventeen years of age, which is
the time we now allow for the life of a patent,
and store them somewhere else in rooms which
cannot "be occupied for any other purpose. In
that way we can utilize a very large portion of
the hall which is now filled with these models
which are of no earthly use, and relieve the
Department in the matter of providing rooms
to carry on its business.
But, sir, that cannot be done for a time, and
until it is done some other provision must be
made for the use of the officers. There is
a tolerably large building directly i  the rear,
a fire-proof building, built on purpose for
offices, which the Department can have the use
of. We have provided that it shall be hired
for a year, with the right of renewal, in order to
meet the present exigency; and as to the sum
to be paid for it we think it is not too much.
It is about ten per ceut., perhaps a little more,
on the cost of the building and the value of
the ground. The person who owns it asked
more ; but we ascertained that $10,000 was a
fair price, and we limited it to that, lhat is
necessary to-day. Our attention was called to
it bv a communication from the Secretary of
the lnterior stating the facts. We examined
them carefully, and we find that the necessity
is'perfectly obvious of having something of the
sort at the present time; and we believe that
sooner or later you must stop this business of
preserving all the models and exhibiting them
as a museum, unless you mean to incur
