UHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
: IMPORTATION OF -gCIENTHZIC APJEikiTUS*.
- * M¥i SHERMAN." The'C'ommittee on'Financte
yesterday reported an'a'mendment to a House
JbinVrSsotttioSi which disposes of quitea num-
ber of cases that are ugon'the Calendar. I Ssk
nnahi'mous consent to hate that jointresoWiaon
taken up and the amendment 'acted upon,- so
that the Senate Committee on Finance'may
know what'bourse to pursrre with regard to the
Other bills."- 'It'isift regard to-philosophic&lin-
struments that have been imported by various
colleges'.' - I presiime there will be no objection
to the'amendment, and in-that way we can
dispose of several'bills en the subject. -
" There b&frignb objection, the joint resolution
(if. ft. Ho; 327) authorizingtheSeeretaiyofthe
'Treasury to rfe'Mit the daty on eertain meridian
circles was considered as in' Committee of the
Whole. ' t
The ComrrMtteedn Finance reported the joint
resolution with an amendment, to strike out
all of the original resolution after the enacting
clause; in the following words: '
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, directed to remit the duties on a meridian
circle, imported for the observatory at Cambridge, in
the State of Massachusetts, and a meridian circle im-
ported for the observatory connected with the Chi-
cago University, at Chicago, in'the State of Illinois.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That all books, maps, charts, statues, statuary,
bnsts. and casts of marble, bronze, alabaster, and all
paintings and drawings, etchings, specimens of sculp-
ture, cabinets of coins, medals, regalia, gems, and all
collections of antiquities, and mathematical, philo-
sophical, and scientific apparatus imported into'the
United States since the 1st day of May, A. D. 1868,
be admitted free of duty: Provided, That the same
be specially imported in good faith for the use of
any society incorporated or established for philo-
sophical, literary, or religious purposes, or for the
encouragement of the fine arts, or for the use or by
the order of any college, academy, school, or semi-
nary of learning in the United States.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to amend the
amendment by adding these words, which I ask
the Secretary to insert in some place where
they will be appropriate, " and chimes of bells
of a kind not made in this country."
Mr. FOMEROY. - I think we had better
insert "railroad iron " also.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust the
amendment proposed by the Senator from New
York will either be withdrawn or will not pre-
vail. We have a great number of establish-
ments in the country that make bells, and we
produce the copper which forms more than
ninety per cent, of the raw material for the
making of the bells ; and the parties who desire
the particular class of bells instanced by the
Senator from New York, chimes, are usually
wealthy churches who are able to pay for them.
I hope the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Vermont that we also have manufac-
turers of scientific instruments. I believe there
is not anybody in the world who is able to excel
Mr. Alvin Clark, of Cambridge, Massachusetts,
in the manufacture of telescopes and articles
of that description, and he is not the only one.
Mr. NYE. Nor Spencer, of New York.
Mr. G-RIMES. The Senator from Nevada
adds "Spencer, of New York." Why should
the Senate delay protection to these manufac-
turers of philosophical instruments 7 Then I
should like to know why it is that we should
not exempt the chimes of bells when we are
going to allow all these little corporations
throughout the country organized for literary
purposes and library associations to import
gems? What is the necessity of permitting
them to import gems? What is the use in
that ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Iowa that the meridian circle could
not be manufactured in this country, and had
to be manufactured abroad.
Mr. GRIMES. The question of the merid-
ian circle is not before us.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer the Senator
from Iowa, and perhaps he will be satisfied.
The gems referred to here are the gems and
regalias that are used by Odd Fellows and
Masons, and I am advised of no other class
by which they are used except those socie-
ties'. •• I will say that the proposition as now
introduced by the committee has been the
law for years, and was not changed except by
the tariff act of 1864. That law repealed the
old exception that had been continued almost
time outt)f'mind by which colleges and schools
and societies brought in these articles free of
duty. It was found that so many applications
were made to Congress to remit duties for
charitable institutions—there is one for the Cor-
nell University; there is one for the meridian
circle in "Boston; there is one for the meridian
circle in Chicago—so many applications of this
kind came for relief and remission of duties
that we thought it better to restore the old pro-
vision of the law.
The Senator asked me why bells were not
insertgd. Simply because bells are manufac-
tured in this country, and bells have never been
exempted from duty except in special eases.
Wa did exempt from duty a chime of bells
that were put up in a college in Indiana, but
there the copper was exported to France and
brought back here, and the whole thing was
simply an act of charity, and under the special
circumstances of that case we did remit the
duties on the bells. I have no objection, how-
ever, to the amendment offered by the Senator
from New York except that any enlargement
of this free list will naturally embarrass this
bill, which is simply the restoration of the old
law, which was repealed probably by inadvert-
ence.1 I trust, therefore, that those who are
in favor of granting this relief will not embar-
rass it with amendments. I cannot myself
give anygood reason whychimes of bells should
not be introduced ; but it would introduce a
new element not contained in the old law, and
would probably create some embarrassment in
the passage of the bill. That is all there is of
it. No institution, I believe, in my own State
has any application for the remission of du-
ties on articles of this sort. This only applies
to institutions scattered through the country.
There are several House bills which have been
sent to us for the remission of duties, and we
propose this general statute instead.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Illinois
seems to be under the apprehension that this
bill is only intended to exempt from duty a
meridian circle. That is not the bill at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. That was the bill as it came
from the House of Eepresentatives. Now I
want to show the Senator and the Senate what
this bill is : and let me say it applies not only
to observatories and colleges and universities,
but to every little incorpoiated society, library,
or otherwise throsghout the whole length and
breadth of' the land.
That all books, maps, charts, statues, statuary,
busts, and e.ists ot marble, bronze, alabaster, and all
paintings and drawing?, etchings, specimens of sculp-
ture. cabinets of coins, medals, regalia, gems, and
all collections ot antiquities— i
I do not know what that cannot be made to ;
include— j
and mathematical, philosophical, and scientific ap- !
paratus imported into the United (States since the >
1st day ot May, A. D. 1868, be admitted free of duty: i
Provided, That the same be specially imported in 1
good faith for the use of any society incorporated or ■
established for philosophical, literary, or religious '
purposes—
It includes all sorts of purposes almost—
or for the encouragement of the fine arts, or for the
use or by the order of any college, academy, school,
or seminary of learning in the United States.
It is not even required to be for the use of
a college or library, but if it is imported by the
order of a college or a university it is to be
admitted free of duty. The language is "for
the use or by the order of any college, acad-
emy, school, or seminary of learning in the
Lnited States." Now, Mr. President, while I
am in favor of throwing as few obstacles as pos-
sible upon the importation of such articles as
are enumerated in this bill, I am not quite
prepared to vote to put three hundred per cent,
duty upon copper that is used in all sorts of
domestic purposes, and at the same time
entirely exempt from duty such articles as arc
enumerated in this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour
of 'half past twelve o'clock having arrived,
the special order fixed for that hour, th« joint
-resolution (S..R. No. 281) providing for the
reporting and.publication of the debates in
Congress, is before the Senate.
\ Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall be allowed
to have a vot.e..on this bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am willing that the
special order shall lie over informally for a few
minutes for that purpose.
Mr. POMEROY. It will be impossible to
get a vote 'eery soon on that bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish it to be under-
stood that the special order is only laid over
informally.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is a general op-
position to this bill I will not stand for it.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no opposition to
it, although I should like to say a word in
explanation of my amendment whenever it is
in order to do so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is asked
that the special order be passed over informally
for the purpose of proceeding with the bill.
Mr. DRAKE. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the special order is before the
Senate.
DUTIES OS IMPORTED COPPER VETO.
Mr. WILLIAMS'. With the consent of the
Senator from Rhode Island I move to lay aside
informally the special order and take up House
bill" No. 1327.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
feels bound to lay before the Senate a message
from the House of Representatives, transmitting
a bill (H. R. No. 1460) regulating the duties
on imported copper and copper ores, with the
objections of the President of the United States
thereto. The veto message will be read.
The Secretary read the veto message, as
follows :
To the House of Representatives .-
The accompanying bill, entitled "An act
regulating the duties on imported copper and
copper ores," is, for the following reasons,
returned, without my approval, to the House
of Representatives, in which branch of Con-
gress it originated.
Its immediate effect will be to diminish the
public receipts, for the object of the bill can-
not be accomplished without seriously affect-
ing the importation of copper and copper ores,
from which a considerable revenue is at present
derived. While thus impairing the resources
of the Government, it imposes an additional
tax upon an already overburdened people, who
should not be further impoverished that mo-
nopolies may be fostered and corporations
enriched.
It is represented, and the declaration seems
to be sustained by evidence, that the duties for
which this bill provides are nearly or quite
sufficient to prohibit the importation of certain
foreign ores of copper. Its enactment, there-
fore, will prove detrimental to the shipping
interests of the nation, and at the same time
destroy the business, for many years success-
fully established, of smelting home ores in
connection with a smaller amount of the im-
ported articles. This business, it is credibly
asserted, has heretofore yielded the larger
share of the copper production of the country,
and thus the industry which this legislation is
designed to encourage is actually less than
that which will be destroyed by the passage of
this bill.
It seems also to be evident that the effect of
this measure will be to enhance, by seventy
per cent., the cost of blue vitriol—an article
extensively used in dyeing and in the manu-
facture of printed and colored cloths. To pro-
duce such an augmentation in the price of this
commodity will be to discriminate against other
great branches of domestic industry, and by
increasing their cost to expose them most un-
fairly to the effects of foreign competition.
Legislation can neither be wise nor just which
seeks the welfare of a single interest at the
expense and to the injury of many and varied
