756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
expense, of millions of dollars, as yon have done
before, to.pat up a building to keep them- in.
That we think to'be unwise and unnecessary,
and.ire ought to utilize tlieroom that.we have.
This is the simple exposition of the case, and
the Senate will judge whether the resolution
ought to pass. ;
. Mr, HARLAN.- ,'Mr. President,, I differ
entirely ;witjh, my: honorable friend from Ver-
nioutaki relation to. the utility of retaining mod-
els that have been offered for applications for
patents which, have been.rejected. I know of
bo 'utility whatever that they can be to the Gov-
ernment or to inventors, and a moment's re-
flection, I think, ■ wili convince any one that
they are of no utility, and if ths bill were to be
amended at all I think it had better be by
inserting a provision requiring all the models
of rejected applications to be disposed of; The
Commissioner and the examiners must decide
three things: first, whether the proposed in-
vention or improvement is new; second,
whether it is useful; and third, whether it has
previously been patented. Every one will see
from this simple statement that the examina-
tion of models of rejected applications can be
of no use whatever. It is important to pre-
serve the models for patents that have been
grauted, because it may be necessary to com-
pare the models presented with applications for
new patents with those of a similar.character
in the possession of the Department.
On the other point, the necessity of renting
another building, I have no doubt. Next year
the clerical force of the Department will have
to be increased, perhaps to the amountof three
hundred, in order to discharge the businesscon-
nected with the analysis of the next census,
and the building that the committee propose to
rent, in my opinion, will not furnish one half
the room that will be needed.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I desire to
inquiie of the chairman of the Committee on
Public Buildings what we are to.understand by
the clause of the third section, in fines six,
seven, and eight, "and all such as may be or
have been in said Department for a longer
period than seventeen years." Do these words
refer to those models on which patents have
not been granted, or to such as have been there
seventeen years ou which patents have been
granted ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will observe
that in that section there are two classes of
models described. In the first place, the Depart-
ment is authorized to dispose of all that are
designed to illustrate applications not granted,
of whatever age; and then, if that should not
be found sufficient, they may take out all that
are over seventeen years of age, and from year
to year others will become seventeen years of
age, as the Senator sees, aud new ones will
take their places. That is what is meant.
Mr. WILLEY. Then, 1 submit to the hon-
orable chairman of the committee whether
seventeen years is not too short a time; whether
the models on which patents have been granted
ought not to remain there longer than seven-
teen years, not subject to removal or destruc-
tion or to sale by the Secretary ot' the Interior?
I had a conversation with the Commissioner
of Patents on this subject not very long ago,
and the very considerations mentioned by the
honorable Senator as to the inutility of keeping
these old models in the Department were dis-
cussed. The Commissioner seemed to consider
that there was a necessity for these old models,
especially those on which patents had been
granted, to remain there for a very long time;
that they were suggestive; that they were open
to examination, and that they were useful to
parties visiting,the Patent Olhce for the pur-
pose of looking at the models of past inven-
tions.
I agree very fully, from some personal ex-
amination and conference with the officers of
the Department of the Interior, that it is abso-
lutely necessary- to make provision for addi-
tional room. All the departments there are
too much crowded, and I.heartily concur in the
third section, winch makes provision for addi-
tional room. It is absolutely necessary, not
only to the comfort and health of the employes
in that Department, but to the proper transac-
tion of the business of the Department. But
I suggest whether the honorable Senator from
Maine will not agree to the insertion of some
longer period in place of seventeen years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will simply say in
reply that the committee did the best they
could. Tiiey -have nothing, but an opinion
about it. It may be right or it maybe wrong.
We took seventeen years, because that is the
time now allowed by law for the life of a
patent. If models are to remain longer it is
only for the purpose of affording persons who
go there the opportunity to examine and look
back and study these matters. It would be
more convenient for them to do it when they
are put up in cases, but still the resolution
provides that such as the Commissioner may
think useful may be stored in other rooms
where access can be had to them.
Mr. WILLEY. The discretion is vested in
the Secretary, of the Iuterior, but I suppose he
would be governed by the Commissioner of
Patents.
Mr. FESSENDEN". " The Secretary of
the Interior " means "the Commissioner of
Patents," undoubtedly. The Secretary is the
head of the Department, and therefore he is
the officer named. I know that this-measure
will not be pleasing to gentlemen connected
with patent business; from them there will
be opposition ; and it is quite natural that all
connected with the office shguld like the very
fine and elegant appearance of the upper floor
with all these models, but we cannot afford to
oblige them at such an enormous expense.
The thing must stop somewhere. We cannot
possibly go on with it unless Congress is will-
ing to incur an expense of millions perhaps, or
at any rate a very largo sum, to put up a build-
ing that will hold these models. 1 do notcare
particularly what the time is, so that I accom-
plish the.purpose. The Senator from West
Virginia, if he thinks it would do better, may
put the time at twenty-one years; I have no
particular objection. What I wish to do is to
make sure that there shall not be at any time
such an accumulation of models to be exhib-
ited as to prevent the utilizing of the space
there which ought to be devoted to other pur-
poses ; and if the Senator moves twenty-one
years for my part I shall not object, and I
presume my colleagues on the committee will
not object, to that amendment if,he thinks it
would be better. He is the chairman of the
Committee on Patents
Mr. WILLEY. With the leave of the Sen-
ator, then I will move that "seventeen" be
stricken out aud "twenty-one" inserted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, sir. I will
take the responsibility of agreeing to that.
My colleagues on the committee are present,
aud if they do not object to it that amend-
ment may be made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKL1KQ-. I move as an amend-
ment to this bill an additional section in these
words ;
.And be it further enacted, That this act shall take
effect on the loth day of April, A. D. 18o9.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator state
his reasons for moving the amendment?
Mr. CONKLING. I will state frankly my
reasons. Whatever may be the exigency of
this work, until this time the present condition
of things has been suffered to go, on. It is now
very near the time when a new Secretary of
the Interior will take'possession of the Depart-
ment ; and I have no hesitation in saying
frankly that I should prefer that the successor
of the present incumbent of that place should
make these contracts, enter upon this work,
and enter into stipulations which will be bind-
ing for a considerable future, than that the
present incumbent should do it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will ob-
serve that by the first section the money is " to
be expended, under the direction of the Secre-
tary, by the architect of the Capitol extension,
upon plans and estimates to be furnished by
said architect and approved by the Secretary.''
That is, Mr. Clark, a well-known officer, in
whom I presume all of us who know him
have most implicit confidence, will expend the
money. I will state to the Senator that the
only objection I have to his amendment is—■
though I do not know that I shall oppose it
very strenuously—that it loses time. If this
is to be done the sooner it is begun the.better,
because the sooner it will be accomplished,
and more expense will be saved to the Govern-
ment in the mean time.
Mr. CONKLING. I should be very sorry
to propose any amendment or to suggest any
objection which would indicate a want of con-
fidence in Mr. Clark. I know him, and I re-
gard him.as one of the best men and one of
the safest and most efficient officers about the
Capitol or about the Government .anywhere.
In spite, however, of the fact that Mr. Clark
is to submit thp plans, there is a great deal of
discretion and a good deal of power confided
to the Secretary of the Interior by fhe bill.
It is proposed that a building shall be rented
from one White by the year. The 15th of April
as to that will be, I think, abundantly early in
accordance with the renting of buildings; so
that there seems to be no objection to my
amendment except the mere matter of delay
between now and then, which, I submit to the
honorable Senator, will not be very great, con-
sidering that this is a condition of things which
has not suddenly come about, but has existed
for a long time.
I am unable, for one, to conquer the repug-
nance I feel to giving to the present adminis-
tration of this Government anything to do
involving a discretion with the possibility of
abuse which can without serious 'detriment
be postponed beyond its existence ;■ and I do
not mean to confine that remark to the present
Secretary of the Interior by any means. I
should be Sorry that by my vote there should
be committed to the present administration
as an administration, however it may be rep-
resented, any act to do involving to discretion
the expenditure of money, the making of con-
tracts, or anything else which depends upc'i
good judgment and good faith if without det-
riment to the public service it can be post-
poned beyond the 4th day of March.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 really do not see the
necessity of the amendment, and I think it is
injurious. In the first place, the Secretary of
the Interior has no power over this matter
except to pay out the, money. Mr. Clark ex-
pends the money, to be sure, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, but it is
upon his plans and his estimates; he directs
how it is to be spent. There are no contracts
to be made except a contract with the work-
men who are to be employed from day to day,
for I suppose that will be done in the ordinary
way, as there is no authority to make contracts
for doing the whoh; woik. If a contract was
made to do the work it would take it out of
the direction of Mr. Clark, to whom it is ex-
pressly confided by the joint resolution.
With regard to the hiring of a building, let
me say to the Senator that in the committee we
agreed, all. of us, that $10,000 was a proper
price ; that that is what we ought to give and
what we were willing to give. Therefore, there
is no discretion in the Secretary about that.
He gives $10,000. He cannot get it for less;
and we thought he ought not to get it for less.
That being the case there is nothing of discre-
tion there.
The effect of this amendment is, therefore,
simply to keep these men crowded in these
unhealthy rooms for two months longer than
they otherwise would be. I do not think it is
just toward them ; and, for my part, I never
have seen any evidence that the present Secre-
tary of the Interior was otherwise, in the dis-
charge of bis duty, m the expenditure of money,
than an upright and honorable man. 1 am not
afraid to trust him to expend this small sum of
money.
Mr. COLE-. Mr. President, I am unable to
