1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
751
see the emergency which calls for this change
in the Interior Department. I do not know
in what manner'the force, in that Department
has been increased so very much during the
last year. It has not been stated by the chair-,
man of the committee or any other Senator
that the fore©'has 'been increased lately. A
large proportion.of the force lately engaged in
that Department has been transferred to a new
and capacious building on the other side of
the canal; the whole of the Agricultural, De-
partment has been taken, from the Interior
Department building; and unless there is some
explanation arising out of an increased force
there I cannot see why there should be any
disturbance of the present arrangement in the
second story of that building. The models that
are there certainly are very useful to the in-
ventors and those who seek information touch-
ing new inventions or discovei-ies.
It is stated that during the next year the
force will be increased ; but it is proposed in
connection with that to rent another building
distinct from the Patent, Office or Interior De-
partment building, which will accommodate a
force as great as that which it is thought will
be added to the Census Bureau during the
coming year.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, I have had
occasion to investigate this matter both at the
last session as a member of the Committee on
Patents and at the present session as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Public Buildings.
The clerical force employed in the Department
of the Interior has been necessarily increased
during the last few years in a very great pro-
portion.- The business of the Patent Office
has increased to an extent what very few have
any idea of unless they have gone through in
person to examine. The business of the Pen-
sion Office is in the same condition. Both at
the last session and at the present session I
went as a member of one or the other of these
committees to examine the condition of the
building used by the Department of the Inte-
rior in regard to its accommodations for its
clerical force, and the condition of affairs is
absolutely shocking. The crowding of the
clerks into small and ill-ventilated rooms, pro-
ducing an atmosphere absolutely similar to
the atmosphere of our jails, and stated by
medical gentlemen to be productive of diseases
of the typhoid class, is but a partial illustra-
tion of the condition of affairs there at the
present time. We ought to do something;
there is no doubt about that. If we permit
the whole of that great building to be occupied
by models, we must necessarily either purchase
or build or hire other buildings adjacent for
the purposes of the Department of the Interior.
I became satisfied last summer from talking
with gentlemen connected with the Patent
Office, and from my own knowledge of the
business and of the use—if I may call it a use—
to which these models are put, that it is an
absurdity to keep all the great corridors of the
building devoted to the Department of the
Interior tilled up with the lumber of these
ancient models. The proposition which the
committee makes in this bill is to take simply
one out of four corridors and devote that one
to rooms, leaving three still for the purposes
of these models. It is proposed to take the
curiosities in the front corridor and remove
them to the Smithsonian Institution, which will
make room for still more models, and to bring
the cases of models in tlje corridors still left
for that purpose somewhat more compactly
together. By doing this we obtain room
enough—using the north corridor for that pur-
pose—to get, I think, about forty apartments
for clerical purposes. When that work is
done I think we shall not have need for the
adjacent building which it is proposed to hire
for the present year. But while the work is
being done it was thought needful to rent this
adjacent building, and the price which is put
upon it in the bill we got at by inquiring of the
gentleman who built the building, not of the
owner of it, what was the value of the ground
and the cost of the structure. We thought the
price for the rent was a fair'one. At any rate,
it is $5,000 less tharl the owner.demanded of
us. These are the reasons which induced'me
to coincide with this resolution. > " '
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
wish to ask the Senator a question. There is
one item of expenditure Which I believe is
omitted in this resolution. What will it cost:
to fit up this new building which it is proposed
to rent? I understand that the north wing of
the Patent Office has lately been fitted up at
great expense for the accommodation of these
models. Now it is proposed to take them out
and to refit it at an expense of perhaps $50,000
more, and then to hire this new building at the'
rate of $10,000 per annum. The extra ex-
pense of fitting up this new building is not pro-
vided for, and I should like to know how much
that will probably be.
Mr. FERRY. I suppose the Senator refers
to the furniture of the rooms in the adjacent
building.
Mr. _ PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Yes, sir.
Mr. FERRY, i cannot answer the question ;
but the furniture which would be employed in
the rooms of the adjacent building would, when
the new rooms of the corridors were finished,
of course be transferred to those rooms. That
expense, if we have additional rooms, has got
to be incurred any way.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Why could not the Interior Department trans-
fer its clerks to this new building, taking out
the furniture of the north wing of the Patent
Office?
Mr. FERRY. There is no furniture there.
It is proposed to transfer the clerks' to this
new building; but the trouble which we have
is that owing to the number of models occu-
pying almost the whole Patent Office building
we have not room for the clerical force of the
Department of the Interior. Additional room
is needed- immediately for the very safety of
the lives of the clerks, in my judgment; and,
therefore, it is proposed, for immediate use,
to hire the adjacent building; and while that
is being thus used" by the clerks, to fit up the
north corridor of the Department of the Inte-
rior with rooms ; and the furniture which we
may have to obtain for the clerical force in the
adjacent building will, of course, be transferred
to these I'ooms, when they are constructed, in
the north corridor of the Interior Department
building.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of
the Senator from Connecticut whether this bill
will relieve the crowded condition of the Pen-
sion Office ?
Mr. FERRY. Yes, sir; it will relieve it at
present-
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I think
considerations of humanity call for that relief.
This morning I happened to be in the Pension
Office, and I was told they had to go and bury
a brother clerk. I was there, the last time
before this, perhaps two or three weeks ago,
and they were that day engaged in the burial
of a clerk. This caused me to make inquiry
about it, and the rate of mortality in that office
is absolutely shocking. There is no question,
from the facts they stated to me, that it is un-
safe for persons to serve the public in that
office in its present crowded condition. I
think—I will not speak with accuracy—they
told me that in some of the rooms there were
twelve and fourteen clerks. It may be that I
overestimate it. but the number is far too
large. Where men work every day for a num-
ber of hours there ought not to be more than
four or five clerks in any one room. In many
of these rooms there are more than twice as
many persons as can safely labor during the
hours of the day. From what they told me, it
is a question of life and death to the clerks.
You may say if it is not healthy they may go
away ; but that is no answer, in myjudgment.
I suppose, in reply to the Senator from New
Hampshire, that the clerks who are removed
from these crowded rooms will take their desks
with them, and that there need be no great
increase of furniture to supply ttie additioAal
rooms. Where there' are half-a dozen desks
too many in one rortm those deMts can be taken
over to (he unoccupied building.
Mr. C'RAGrlN. I agree tb "all that has been
said -"by the Senator from indiautt who has just
taken his Seat and-other gentlemen, that there
is a great want for snore room in the Interior
Department,'and I have no objection-whatever
to the second section Of this bill; But, sir, ftfp
one, if n'o other Senator tloes it, I "shall raise1
my voice here against converting this building,
or an undue proportion of'it,-to purposes dif-
ferent from those contemplated' when it "was
Originally built. We all know that before the
Interior Department was created there wasti
Patent Office in this city, and that it was built'
largely from the surplus earnings or savings
of that bureau. Several hundred thousand
dollars were appropriated and used for that
purpose. There is a feeling to-day among the
inventors of this country that efforts are being
made to crowd out the Patent Office, to cripple
it for room, and to convert this building to
other purposes to an extent beyond what should
be done. I sympathize somewhat in that feel-
ing. I am willing and anxious that more room
should bo provided for the clerks of the Pen-
sion Bureau and other bureaus; but I believe
that we should not inaugurate a plan for con-
verting the north wing into rooms for clerks,
which may ultimately destroy or occupy the
whole of that floor, and in that way drive out
those models entirely and create great dissat-
isfaction among the inventors of the country,'
who claim to have a great interest in continu-
ing the Patent Office and also in preserving
the models. I am willing and anxious that
Other buildings may be hired and occupied for
the use of the Department, bul. I suggest that
they be occupied by the clerks of other bureaus
than the Patent Office. Let other rooms be
rented for the clerks of the Land Office or the
Pension Office to such an extent as to give
ample room for all.
1 have great doubts about allowing the Sec-
retary of the Interior in his discretion to dis-
pose of these models, even those that, have
remained for the length of time eonteirplated
in the amendment,. He may sell them, it seems,
or he may destroy thom. I hope that we sball
take more time to consider this resolution
than it seems we can have at present-
Mr. STEWART. Inasmuch as this resolu-
tion is likely to involve considerable discis-
sion, and gentlemen are asking further time to
consider it, I move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of House joint resolution No.
402, being the constitutional amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We can get through
with this resolution in a short time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better
dispose of the resolution before us. It has
occupied all the morning.
Mr. STEWART. If a vote can be taken in
a short time I will give way for half an hour
or so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I cannot agree
to that. I wish to say, if the Senator from
Nevada presses his motion, that I desire to
ask the Senate to consider an appropriation
bill this morning.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe this is the
first measure to which the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds have called the
attention of the Senate - at _ this session. We
have taken up no time, and it is very important
that there should be some action upon it. It
is important to the welfare of a good many
individuals, and I hope the Senate will proceed
with and finish it.
Mr. STEWART. I will not press my motion
if the resolution can be disposed of within a
reasonable time, but the discussion seems to
be quite lengthy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. <_<A reasonable time "
is the time required to dispose of it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not wish to discuss
the resolution, but I desire to ask the chair-
man for an explanation, so that it may be
understood.
