1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7o9
willing to retain so much of it as authorizes the
Secretary of the Interior1 to remove from the
floor of the Department building now occupied
for the storage and exhibition of models all
such models as relate to applications for pat-
ents not granted; and I hope the Senate will
be content to stop there in its action on this
subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One word more, sir,
and I have done with this .subject. The Com-
mittee on. Public Buildings.and Grounds have
no pride of opinion about it, not the slightest
in the world, and.if the Senate chooses to reject
the whole, resolution it is nothing more to that
committee than it is to any other members of
the Senate. We were directed to consider this
subject with regard to room. We gave to it the
most careful consideration that we could. The
Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Ferry] and
myself went and examined the building and the
building opposite which it is proposed to rent.
We took counsel, considered what was neces-
sary in the future, or what would be in the im-
mediate future, and what is necessary now, and
we came deliberately to the conclusion that I
have stated. The hiring of this building in the
rear will not afford us all the accommodation
necessary. It has only twenty-two rooms in
it, and very soon we shall need, and even now
we need, much more space than that; but we
could get along with that temporarily. At any
rate we should relieve this great pressure in the
Pension Office at the present time.
But, sir, the time will come, and that speed-
ily, let me tell Senators, when they must make
up their minds to one of two things, either to
abandon the system, so far as we propose to
abandon it, by limiting the number of models
to be retained, or to erect another building for
the purpose of accommodating the Department
of the Interior; and the Senate will judge which
is the most important of the two, to allow or
restrict the liberty which the inventors of the
country want now, to examine everything that
has ever been placed in that Department, good
or bad, with the addition of having a great num-
ber of cases filled with matters of mere show—
a thing which no other country in the world than
ours does—or whether they will be ready to
expend the enormous amount that must be
expended in order to erect another building
for the purpose of holding these models or of
furnishing accommodation to these clerks.
Now, sir, we thought it best to begin at this
present time. We can seethe necessity. It
is palpable, patent to anybody's eye. If Sen-
ators say " No ; we will rent this little build-
ing and by and by lure another, and let this
accumulation go on from time to time, and
keep all these models," so be it. I am con-
tent that that should be the decision; but the
result will be precisely what I tell you.
Gentlemen speak of the necessity of exam-
ining these models. There is no necessity about
it. It is convenient; that is all. There are
drawings of everyone of them; and, as I re-
marked before, the English Government keep
no models, nothing but the drawings. Invent-
ors, if they have any capacity at all, can under-
stand what a machine is from looking at a draw-
ing of it. The models facilitate their opera-
tions a little perhaps, but do nothing more
than thai. It is nothing after all but a great
show, and the question is whether we are to
sacrifice the lives of our fellow-citizens, to a
certain extent, and whether we are willing to
incur this great additional expenditure that
must come in a very short period of timeunless
we take the course that is here pointed out.
With these remarks I leave the subject. The
Senate may strikeout the section if they see fit.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is pretty ap-
parent that this joint resolution will occupy a
great deal of time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we can have
a vote upon it now ; let us try it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yery well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Con-
kess in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from New York.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask that it be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert as an additional section—
And be it further resolved. That this resolution
sha,ll take effect from and. after the 15th day of April,
A. D. 1869. .
Mr. CONKLING. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senator why not
jxrt it at an earlier day than the 15 th of April ?
Why put it off so long'?
Mr. CONKLING. I have no objection to
an earlier day, although 1 put it at the earliest
day which I thought would certainly give the
new Secretary of the Interior an opportunity
to consider the matter after entering upon his
duties. If the Senator thinks that a day
earlier than that will suffice I shall be very glad
to adopt it. My whole purpose is to prevent
what may be the excessive diligence of com-
mitting the incoming administration to this
work.
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest some day
in March.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator think
the 30th would be preferable?
Mr. SUMNER. I think it would.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I will adopt that
snggestion. I have one single remark to make
while I am up. This resolution, with the ut-
most diligence of legislation, may reach the
present Secretary of the Interior a fortnight
before he lays down his office. It would be a
work of very great diligence, to say the least,
were plans then to be prepared and approved,
and contracts entered into, some of which may
reach, according to the resolution, four or five
years ahead, and yet it may be that as much
diligence as that would be practiced in the case.
The object of the amendment is simply to pre-
vent that, and not to have this whole matter
disposed of during the closing hours of the
present Secretary in the haste which might
then be necessary.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I can ordinarily under-
stand how appointments to office may be re-
garded as a matter of interest to an incoming
administration, and I should not object if
there were offices that the filling of those offices
should be postponed, as far as may be, until
the new administration shall come in upon
the principle, which is now adopted, it seems,
that "to the victors belong the spoils." But
how it is that a matter of profit, political or
financial, is to be made honestly to the incom-
ing administration out of the renting of a
building in which clerks are to labor for the
Government for one year is more than I can
comprehend. It seems to be desired by this
amendment that no contract so as to relieve
the Pension Office shall be made until some
new Secretary can have the benefit of it. What
does that mean? That view of the subject
never attracted my attention. The only thing
I cared for was to see the Pension Office re-
lieved, so that the work could be well done
and the clerks should not die. I ara told they
are dying because they are crowded. It is not
a matter of much consequence, I suppose, if
one or two should die during the month of
this postponement, provided the new Secretary
can get the benefit of making the contract!
Stripped, I think that is what this means. If
this were a proposition to create new offices
and fill new offices I should say let it go
over; but as it is to relieve the public service
and save health and life I cannot see that it
is necessary to postpone it that some new
Secretary shall have the benefit of making the
contract.
Mr. CONKLING. I want to make two sug-
gestions to the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana. He asks whether money is to be made,
or partisanship is to enter into the award of
this contract? I do not know, sir. I only
know that as to that Department, with which
he is much more m sympathy than I am and as
to which he has much more knowledge than I
have, the most unwholesome, the most scandal-
ous, and notorious suspicions exist Whether
in this particular case there is danger of im-
proper and unlawful gains being made, my
opinion is the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana can judge better than I can. I certainly
have no knowledge which is not, open to him.
I amnot sure that he has not knowledge which
is not open to me.
One other suggestion. The honorable Sena-
tor says that a month is of no consequence, even
though one or two clerks die within that time,
thereby meaning to ascribe to ute some such
brutality or heedlessness of sentiment as that.
Now, sir, I have only to say that considering
his once official knowledge of the appointments
and apartments in that building, and consid-
ering his lone presence here and well-known
capability of impressing upon this body what-
ever he deems important, he has been guilty
of very great laches, to say the least, if a con-
dition of things exists there likely, in a fortnight
or a month, to abbreviate or terminate human
life, when he has never to this hour drawn
attention to the subject. What a blamable
remissness must not that be in the honorable
Senator from Indiana, if he has had within his
knowledge auy such facts as warrant him in
such a suggestion as this?
Mr. President, very likely there is an abuse
to be corrected here. Lt has gone on for years.
For a long time it has been just as great as it
is now, and I am incredulous of the proposi-
tion that it is necessary to authorize or permit
the existing authorities of that Department to
make haste in the expiring hours of their official
life to enter into such contracts as these.
TheSenator knows perfectly well and so does
every other Senator that it is no part of ray
purpose in this amendment to induce or permit
any aftercoming Secretary to make improper
contracts—very far from it. All I ask is that
this shall be deliberately done and fairly done,
as it may be by the incoming Secretary with
time before him, and that it shall not be done
in that haste and with that disposition to dis-
pose of it which might ensue if it were com-
mitted, as it would be under the bill, to the
last hoars of the present regime.
Mr. HENDRi CKS. Mr. President, whether
I have been diligent or remiss in bringing to
the attention of the Senate the condition of
the Pension Office is not a question which
bears upon the proposition of the Senator that
his Secretary shall have the chance to make
this contract. That is the question before the
Senate. When the Senator undertakes to an-
swer any position that I may think it proper
to assume before the Senate, he will not an-
swer it somewhere else than where I stand
upon my proposition. My criticism upon his
amendment was, that he desired for a Secre-
tary in partisan sympathy with himself the ben-
efit of making a contract. He replies to that,
that I have been negligent in bringing to the
attention of the Senate the condition of the
Pension Office. Whom did he expect to mis-
lead by that? Whom did he suppose would
be hurt by that? If I plead guilty to the charge
that I have not been sufficiently diligent does
that answer the criticism that I made upon his
proposition ?
Further, sir, with regard to the present Sec-
retary of the Interior, the extent of my asso-
ciation with him is not a question for the con-
sideration of the Senate ; and I will say further
that it is a matter of which the Senator from
New York has no information. When he says
that I am in political sympathy, political asso-
ciation, or business association with the Sec-
retary of the Interior he expresses something
that he knows nothing at all about.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not say that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I scarcely ever set my
foot within that Department unless asked to do
so by some soldier who wants his pension or
some widow who wants her pension allowed,
and which has been delayed month after month,
perhaps, because there is not sufficient accom-
modation for the office to discharge its duties.
But that has nothing to do with the question
that is before the Senate. There is a present
necessity, the Committee on Public Buildin
and Ground? inform this body, for the empW
