760
IBB, CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
raent of other accommodations for these offi-
cers immediately. The Senator wants it post-
poned until a Secretary of particular politics
may make the contract.
And now, in reply to his criticism upon the
Secretary of the Interior, I have this to say :
that if he knows of any wrong by that Secie-
tary he ought not to be slow to bring it before
the Senate. He says that I have been'guilty
of negligence in not informing the Senate of
the condition of the Pension Office. Why is it,
if he has so much knowledge of the conduct
of the Secretary of the Interior, that he does
not inform the Senate of that? Let him make
liis statement and bring a charge of accusation,
and let it be investigated, i presume that
Secretary is ready to meet any charge, to main-
tain any investigation that is necessary. I had
not heard anything against the honor and the
integrity of that Secretary. The suggestion
of the Senator from New York is new to me.
Mr. Browning is from an adjoining State. I
know his reputation well. Before he came to
Washington he stood as one of the brightest
lawyers of the State of Illinois. lie stood well,
not only in the highest courts of that State,
but also stood among the ablest of the lawyers
in the Supreme Court of the United States. I
had always heard him spoken of as a man of
ability and a man of integrity. I have heard
nothing that justifies me in questioning his
honor ; nothing that would justify me in deny-
ing to him the making of a little contract to
supply rooms for his clerks.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Now Hampshire. I
am in favor of the amendment offered by the
Senator from New York, for this reason among
others: at tile close of the last session I intro-
duced a resolution here for the purpose of set-
ting aside a contract made by the Secretary of
the Interior for paper for the ensuing year,
and accompanying that resolution was a report
which 1 ihink must have proved to anybody
who examined it that there was fraud in the
paper contract made by the Interior Depart-
ment. The resolution was introduced at so late
an hour that it was not possible to carry it
through both Houses. It passed the Senate and
went to the House of Representatives, and was
lost therefor want of time. I went to the Secre-
tary of the In tenor with that resolution, stated to
him the facts, told him that the committee who
reported it were prepared to lay before him the
report of the testimony in the case, and asked
him to hold up that contract or to set it aside
ou account of the frauds which were evidently
pi aeticed upon theDepartmentby those who had
made the contract, lie refused to do it, and the
contract stood, and the Government has lost
thousands of dollars because he refused to do
it. I do not say that he had any part of the
incomes from that fraudulent contract; I would
not intimate such a thing; but I do say he was
remiss in his duty in not holding up the con-
tract or setting it aside when the evidence was
before him, as it was before the Senate, for it
was upon that evidence that the Senate acted.
Under these circumstances I am not willing to
put into his hami§ the power of making another
contract involving some fifty or sixty thousand
dollars of the Government's money.
Mr. S I'EW ARI'. There is another matter
that came from the Secretary of the Interior
and was referred to the Judiciary Committee,
upon which that committee made a report.
After the removal of Mr. Bogy, formerly Com-
al isgionerof Indian Affairs, after he went out of
office, the Secretary of the Interior authorized
him to makecertain very heavy contracts, about
which there was some complaint. The matter
was referred to the Judiciary Committee and
thtre investigated, and the committee reported
that it was done without authority of law. That
report is now among the files of the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When was that report
made ?
Mr. STEWART. About a year ago.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have but a word to say
m regard to this matter, for I think we are
spending too much time upon it, and therefore
I shall be brief. I feel a little embarrassed in
■voting upon this amendment of the Senator
from New York, because if the amendment of
the Senator from West Virginia should prevail
there would be no occasion for it whatever.
My own opinion is that t-he second section
ought to pass. From a personal examination
which I made at the last session, as a member
of the Committee on Patents,. I was satisfied
that they needed more room in the Interior
Department. The second section provides, I
think, for the renting of the very building that
the Committee on Patents recommended atthe
last session, or some building of a similar char-
acter. There is no doubt that that building
ought to be rented, and perhaps other buildings.
The third section simply authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Interior to remove certain useless
models from the Patent Office. Certainly no
one can have any objection to that section,
and surely the Secretary would not abuse that
power.
The first section, in my judgment, ought not
to pass, because this building was furnished in
part by the proceeds of the patent fund. The
furniture in that wing cost, as I am informed,
§30,000, a portion of which was paid out of
the Patent Office fund and a portion paid from
the appropriation for the building. But it does
seem to me that we ought not at present to
interfere with.' that organization of the build-
ing. To run a hall through that large show-
room, to build the necessary additions, and to
remove all the cases—they would be entirely
useless elsewhere, being very large—would cost
a pretty large sum. Fifty thousand dollars,
perhaps, would cover it; but at any rate it
would change the form and character of the
building, and I am not prepared at preseut to
vote for it.
But for the second and third sections I will
very cheerfully vote, without any limitation
whatever. Indeed I know, from my personal
examination, that the second section ought to
have passed at the last session ; and the Senate
did, by an amendment to an appropriation bill,
authorize the Secretary of the Interior to rent,
1 suppose, this same building,, almost without
objection. My own impression is, that it would
be better to spend the $50,000 authorized by
the first section in renting additional buildings
more than isprovided lor in the sei ond section,
and postpone the reorganization of the Interior
Department or any change in the Patent Office
rooms until a more favorable occasion. I hope,
therefore, the second and third sections of the
resolution will pass without the arnendmentof
the Senator from New York, aud that the first
section will be stricken out, leaving that ques-
tion to come up again when it can be more
fully discussed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps the Senator
from New York will withdraw his amendment
for a time to see whether the first section shall
be stricken out or not.
Mr. CONKLING. I will do so, certainly.
Mr. WILLEY. Then I move to strike out
the first section of the joint resolution after
the enacting clause.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from New York is with-
drawn, and the question is on the amendment
of the Senator from West Virginia.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to say that I am
upon this occasion very anxious to go with the
committee ; for I feel, on the statement that has
been made, that something efficient should be
done to provide a remedy for what really is a
grievance in that Department. According to
all the evidence, the clerks there have not suf-
ficient accommodation. Their health is ex-
posed, not to say their lives. Something must
be done. Now it is proposed to find buildings
outside of the main building, and there is, as
I understand, one building which will furnish
twenty-two rooms. I would ask whetheranother
building iu that neighborhood or somewhere
near it may not be found that will furnish still
more rooms—furnish forty or fifty rooms, so
that the Department of the Interior muy find
the same accommodations that it will be re-
membered the old Department of War found
through what.was known as Winder's building
and the several blocks of brick buildings in that
neighborhood. It seems to me that that is the
best way for the relief which is needed. Let
us find accommodation outside of the main
building and not derange the existing system
there.
And that brings me precisely to the sugges-
tion which the Senator from Maine has made,
that if we proceed on our present system it
will entirely fill the existing building and render
it necessary for us to construct a new one for
the Department of the Interior. Well, sir, I
am ready to accept, that contingency. Indeed,
for a long time it has been evident to me that
such was the irresistible tendency of things.
There must be a new building, whether for
the Patent Office alone or for the Department
of the Interior alone I do not venture to say ;
but there must be a new building. I should
suppose, however, that that new building, when
made, would be for the Department of the In-
terior, that that Department could be more
easily transferred, perhaps, than the Patent
Office. Then, is the present building too large
for the Patent Office as it now is and as it
promises soon to be? Ithinknot. Thatoffice
has grown from the beginning. It is growing
visibly under our eyes daily, and it 'unques-
tionably will grow still more in the near future.
It will grow until it will fill every corridor and
every room in that great edifice.
Now, the question is practically presented,
shall we in any way reduce the number of
models preserved? I am not ready, on the
information that I possess, now to say that I
would exclude any, even those on which pat-
ents have never been issued, because some
of those unquestionably contain the germs of
inventions which afterward ripened into suc-
cess. There they are, so many witnesses to
the ingenuity of our country.
I would make one general observation on
this subject. In our country there are jio
museums of antiquity or museums of art. We
have not now the means or the capacity for
making such a collection. There is this mu-
seum, which illustrates the inventive genius of
our people. Shall it m any way be limited?
On the other hand, I ask shall it not be encour-
aged, fostered, and adopted as a child of the
Republic? One of the most beautiful collec-
tions m the world, which I think is visited by
most Americans who go to Paris, is the great
collection known as the Conservatory of Arts,
where are gathered together the models and
the machines which illustrate the ingenuity of
France. A day or more—several days, may be
well occupied in visiting and studying that beau-
tiful and most instructive collection. But I
am not aware that ours is inferior to that of
France; or if inferior now, I have such confi-
dence in, the mechanical ingenuity of the Amer-
ican people that I am confident that very soon
it will vie with any collection that may be found
in any capital of the world. In this spirit,
then, I would preserve what we have; I would
keep it together; and I would look forward to
the near future when that whole vast structure,
one of the most beautiful in our capital, and as
a work of architecture, I believe, not easily
criticised, shall be devoted to a collection illus-
trating the mechanical ingenuity of our peo-
ple.
Mr. MORION. Mr. President, for one I
am opposed to the removal or destruction of
any of these models, however old they may be.
Taking these models together, beginning with
the earlier ones and coming down to the pres-
ent time, they furnish a very good history of
the progress of invention in this country. To
say that they are worthless seems to me to be
unreasonable. I think they should be pre-
served even as a curiosity of the past. They
may be suggestive of future inventions: it is
improper to say that they are worthless ; and
for one I shall vote against the removal or
destruction of these models, because to remove
them from the Patent Office is to destroy them.
I understand it amounts to that. It is not pro-
posed to take care of them anywhere else, is it?
