i m
JgE gpHGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February-24,
.who is a very accomplished; mail in- his, busi-
ness. He says lie can. do it for. that, and he
£h^kg,he can-do" it forless than that. That is
$he ."price he puts dawn, and it is hardly proper
|gr us, because it seems low, to say that we
will give a man seventy eight cents for doing
tljat which our own officer says he can do for
fifty-two cents.
I have no doubt that the Congressional Print-
ing Office can do this work as cheaply as it can
be done by anybody, and that whatever money
a*!contractor can make On it will be saved
the Government, subject, of coarse, to the
deduction that most always he made for Gov-
ernment syork in com'petition with private work.
Jl, always costs, rather more. The eight-hour
sjstera.which has been imposed upon the Gov-
ejcjment Printing Office increases very much
tKo.co.st of publication ; but it equally.increases
the cost of publication _.at all private offices
here, and these bidders, have been obliged to
lake that into consideration in their estimates.
, Mr. WHYTE. May I ask the Senator from
Rhpde Island whether he states that the Con-
gressional Printer himself made out these esti-
mates ?
. .Mr. ANTHONY. He revised them. I do
not kno.vy that he made them oat originally;
probably not; but he revised and examined
tljem, and they are all his estimates.
. Mr. WHYTE. Then may I ask the Senator
whether he could explain some of these esti-
mates when ho was asked ?
Mr. ANTHONY. He explained them all
according to my satisfaction/
Mr. WHYTE. I ask the Senator whether
he could explain the estimate of Crowell in
regard to indexing and folding one hundred
and one signatures?
. Mr. ANTHONY. I understood that matter
of folding and indexing one hundred and one
signatures in this way : each index contains
about twenty signatures, and the indexes are
put in all the volumes. There are five vol-
umes, aifd that makes a hundred signatures.
Mr. WHYTE. The Senator iviii pardon me.
I did not ask him what he understood; I asked
him if ihe Congressional Printer could explain
it until I made a suggestion to him.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do nut recollect. I know
that we looked it all over together, arid that
was the conclusion we came to. At all events
I think it is of very little consequence what are
the items that make up these estimates. Here
is the total at which Rives & Bailey say they
will doit; here is the total at which Croweli
says he will do it; and here is the total for
which the Congressional Printer estimates that
he can do it. However the items may vary
we have the total estimate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Who is Mr. Crowell,
and what establishment has he under his con-
trol at which this work can be done, and what j
connection, if any, has he heretofore had with i
the public printing?
Mr. ANTHONY. When a bidder comes to
us with a proposal, as Mr. Crowell has come,
certified to by men like the Appletons of New
I°W metl 'ike the publishers of the New
lork limes, and by others not inferior in re-
spectability, we do not go into his biography
and past history. He offers to do this work,
and they testify that he is a man abundantly
able in capacity, in mechanical skill, and in
Fif° ability I understand
taathe has been connected heretofore with the
public printing, but I never saw him, and his
!%me- ,13 not at all familiar to me; nor did I
mink it desirable to go behind such certificates
as he adduced to us.
ilr. HENDRICKS. Are these certificates
r°M,.geA few propose to go on his bond?
Mr. HENDErCKS. I suppose they give
statements that he is a respectable gentle-
IHall r
- ¥r" ANTHONY. There is no doubt in my
judgment of his ability. These gentlemen
testify to his ability to fulfill any work he may
undertake.in the way of printing and to his
ability and integrity.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator if
he was not connected with the public printing
when it was in the charge of Mr. Wendell?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not know. I am
told that he was at one time connected with
the public printing, and it may have been under
Mr. Wendell.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The reason the ques-
tion suggested itself to my mind was, that
when the change was made by which the print-
ing was taken away from Mr. Wendell by a
change of the law, I opposed the proposition,
and.made some remarks to the Senate about
it; and then it happened that on the same
morning Mr. Wendell and Mr. Defrees both
came to me and urged me to withdraw my op-
position, as I stated that day in the Senate,
and I wanted to know whether this gentleman
was connected with the public printing at that
time.
Mr. ANTHONY. He cannot have been
connected with the public printing since it has
been done at the Government office, unless in
some subordinate capacity, which I suppose he
would not have been likely to take. Ever since
the Senator from Indiana has been in this
body the public printing has been done at the
Government office by the Superintendent of
Public Printing, or the Congressional Printer.
Of course ilr. Crowell could have had 110 con-
nection with him except as one of his sub-
ordinates, and I never knew that he was one,
and I supposed he was a man of larger capacity
and business than would be likely to take such j
a place. I could ascertain the fact, however, j
if it be deemed desirable to be known. I think !
Mr. Crowell was connected with the public „ r.  
printing before my day in some capacity, as |j dition to put them in tvpe. It is just a
contractor, or printer of blanks ; but I do not || tion to my mind whether we sbail save
know that. All I know of him is the testi- 1
monials he presents, and those are perfectly j
satisfactory. j
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I have !
only a word to say, and it is in corroboration
of what has been said by the chairman or the !
Committee on Printing. I think as guardians '
of the public interest it is our duty to save
^60,000, as we can do by giving this work to ,
the Government Printing Office. One reason :
why they can do the work there cheaper is that
they have all the management paid "for: they r
have the building, they have the types, presses, i'
bindery %&c;. paid for. j:
Mr. \\ HY IE. May I ask the Senator from 1
Pennsylvania if he states that they can do this ,!
work in the present building ? "
Mr. CAMERON. I did not say that. They
have asked for an appropriation ot' 822.UUU,
as I understand, to increase the building which
is necessary now for the present work they do.
When that appropriation is made and"
the
binding, leaving that to be done as it ia kow,
by the Government.
Mr. CAMERON. Why «-hou!d not the whole
work be done by the Government Printing Of-
fice as well as the binding,-1 I do uot know
anything about tha gentleman who put-, in the
bid that is said to be lower ti.au auy other, I
have always been in favor of letting our print-
ing be done by contract. A long while ago I
obtained the passage ol the bill here giving it
to the lowe-.t bidder, and we got the work very
well done, and we saved more than half the
price which had been paid before that on the
same amount of work. But now we have a
Government Priuting Office here; we have to
support it, and we may as well compel it to do
as much work as it is capable of doing.
I know how difficult it is to change a contract
of this kind. The Senator from Maryland says
let us make a contract for two years and try it.
We have been making these experiments for
fifteen years. It will be just as difficult to set-
tle this matter in two years as it is now. Now,
by ending the present arrangement we do bo
harm to the contractors ; they have bad abun-
| dant profits ; they are rich ; they have ruade
i more money than they need, a great deal more
! than they need, out of this contract. Let ug
j now try some other experiment, and if" the
Public Printer does not do it cheaper for us,
then we can give it to the lowest bidder or
adopt some other plan.
As to the hiatus the Senator talks of iu the
reporting, nothing of that kind will occur. We
can in five minutes pass a resolution that the
same corps of reporters who are here now
shall continue to report our debates. Their
manuscript^ will not spoil; their notes and the
copyings of these notes will be here, and m a
very few days a printing office can be in cou-
ques-
a cer-
tain sum, St>0,000 a year, and I believe it will
be double that next year, or whether we shall
throw that money awav.
Mr. I'HEL1NGHL i SEN. Mr. President,
I r.nderstand the difference between the esti-
m.ite made of what it will cost the Govern-
ment and the contract is not ^60.tX>0 a year,
but only ^-40.000. I think that that margin is
not enough to compensate the Government for
the risk it runs—that the estimate is uot accu-
rate.
Mr. CAMERON. Forty thousand dollars
is a good deal of money to save in a year. I
do not know how it is in New Jersey; butit
is so regarded in my Stare.
Mr. I1 RELINGHL i ->EN. I am told the
whole cost is SI 00.000 a year. We are told
this change will be a saving of $40,000; but
how is that estimate tnade ? I hat estimate is
made not by a person who is going to take the
contract and who is unaOecrnd entire!}' by the
question whether his estimate is correct or in-
forti'^nnhW«d en?nsfa ii CO'"**, and I have not a great dealof conii
toi tno publication ot the Globe, ihere is no ! dence '
mistake about this. That clear-headed old !
gentleman over there m the corner fi.oititine 1
to a reporter] does the reporting, which gives
ah the credit to the Congressional Globe that
jt has, and he does it tor the pay of a sub-
ordinate. The gentlemen who have had the
contract have several families to support; they
h ve the proprietors of the establishment, they
have tneir clerks and foremen, and their build-
ings, and their type, presses, &c., to put into
the cost; and therefore of course they will
require a larger sum to make a profit than the
work can be done for at the Government Print-
ing Office.
Besides, the estimate that the Senator from
Maryland makes about the binding is to my
mind very clear. On the one side, the Globe
proprietors ask seventy-eight cents a volume for
binding; the Congressional Printer estimates
its cost at fifty-two cents. There is twenty-six
cents profit. That is a profit which has enabled
these gentlemen, a number of them, to make
the large fortunes they have. I do not com-
plain about it.
Mr. WHYTE. My proposition excludes the
in it. Beside-;, I bel'eve it is the true
interest of the Government to make as few
contracts, to undertake as few jobs, whether
in printing or in building railroads or canals
or anything of that character, as possible; but
to make contracts with individuals and make
thArm f,rAC,'11?,Ta'ld have them riKidlJ enforced.
Mr. MORRILL,of V ermont. I believe that we
u one or ^w0 or three printing offices at
the lreasury Department and other places, and
that they have resulted disastrously so far as
economy is concerned. If this change should
be made I have no idea but that instead of
making ^40,000 for every two years of con-
gressional printing we should run under at
least So0,000 a year. It is not to be expected,
in the first place, that this printing can be
done without a building equal in extent and
capacity to the buildmgs now occupied for
the purpose of pursuing this business by the
Ulobe office; and we are either to rent such
buildings or to make appropriations for their
construction hereafter, and we are to employ a
large additional force, ihe present amount
of business that is under the control of the
oupennteudetit of Printing is enough for the
