iaaa
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOm
ms
ambition of any one man without adding any-
thing more to it. We give him all of our con-
gressional-printing and we give him that of the
internal revenue department, and we have re-
cently thrown upon him the purchasing ot all
the stationery used in any branch of the Gov-
ernment as I understand.
Mr. ANTHONY. That has only .passed the
House of Representatives.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Ithas passed
the House at any rate. Now, Mr. President, the
patties who have been engaged in this business
are enterprising men. It is shown by the very
proposals they have made here, when they are
made with the expectation of any amount of
competition, that they cannot do the work for
such sums as have been paid to them heretofore.
That shows at least that their profits heretofore
have not been extravagant, have not been more
than the same amount of capital and the same
amount of business tact and energy ought to
have made.
I do not believe that we are on the road to
retrenchment by making this change; but I
believe that if it should be made we should
revert and turn back to the same system within
four years. I trust that we. shall allow the
Committee on Public Printing to make a con-
tract with the present proprietors of the Globe.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I gave notice
yesterday that to-day at one o'clock I should
ask the Senate to consider the Army appropria-
tion bill. If this is likely to occupy more time
I shall feel called upon to interpose; but if no
more discussion is to take place I shall not
make the motion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not know how long
it will occupy, but I think it will occupy less
time now than at any future day. I think we
ought to dispose of it before we adjourn. I
have no more interest in it than any other
Senator.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am appealed
to on both sides to allow this matter to go on
for a few moments.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask my
friend from Rhode Island if the contract with
the Globe expires on the 4th of March as the
law at present stands.
Mr. AN IHONY. It does. The contract
expires ; and if the Government had not given
notice to the contractors of the termination of
the contract the contractors themselves would
have given notice to the Government. The
profit which they have derived from printing
the Congressional Globe has been derived from
furnishing back sets to new members of Con-
gress. That amounted for the Thirty-Ninth
Congress to $49,000 ; and as they are printed
from stereotype plates it is fair to suppose that
from one half to two thirds is profit. They say
that Congress now having cut olf that source
of profit it will be impossible for them to go
on with their work at the present prices.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will not insist
on my motion at present.
message from tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clixton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills ; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 2004) establishing the
term of office of the House of Representatives
and providing for biennial sessions ofthe Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Montana ;
A bill _(H. R. No. 2005) declaring the lands
constituting the Fort Collins military reserva-
tion in the Territory of Colorado subject to pre-
emption and homestead entry as provided for
in existing laws ; and
A bill (H. II. No. 1744) to strengthen the
public credit and relating to contracts for the
payment of coin.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (H.
R. No. 1864) for the repeal of tonnage duties
on Spanish vessels; and it was thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore.
NAVA1 APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate proceeded to considerits amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No! 1599) making
appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending June 30,1870, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives ; and
On motion by Mr. MORRILL, of Maine,
it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House .of Representatives on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Grimes, Mr. Hendricks, and Mr. Nye*.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 2005) declaring the
lands constituting the Fort Collins military
reservation in the Territory of Colorado sub-
ject to preemption and homestead entry as
provided for in existing laws was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The bill (H. R. No. 1744) to strengthen the
public credit and relating to contracts for the
payment of coin was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
montana territorial legislature. •
Mr. Cole rose.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator give
way one moment? The bill for biennial ses-
sions of the Legislature of the Territory of
Montana provides simply that the citizens of
Montana Territory may elect their legislators
for two years in compliance with the now exist-
ing law. It is a question we have had before
our committee, and it is very well understood;
and it is necessary to pass the bill for the pur-
pose of complying with the enabling act.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
may be taken up at this time if there be no
objection.
Mr. COLE. I do not know how long it may
take. I rose to call up the unfinished business
of last night, which I suppose takes precedence
of all other business.
Mr. NYE. It will not occupy a moment.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
2004) establishing the term of office of the
House of Representatives and providing for
biennial sessions of the Legislative Assembly of
the Territory of Montana was read three times
and passed. It provides that hereafter the
members of the House of Representatives of
the Territory of Montana shall be elected for
the term of two years ; that the sessions of the
Legislative Assembly shall be biennial, and that
the Legislative Assembly at its first session after
the passage of the act shall provide by law for
carrying its provisions into effect.
publication of debates.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the unfinished
business of yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business of yesterday is Senate bill
No. 247, to amend an act entitled "An act to
provide for the greater security of the lives of
passengers on board of vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam," and for other pur-
poses. The question is on the amendment of
the Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Nye.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to say one
word. If this is to occupy time I think I ought
to ask for a postponement; if not, and the
friends of the bill think it cau pass without
debate, I have no objection to a vote being
taken upon it. If it is to occupy time, I think
I ought to ask for its postponement, and to
move that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. COR BET f. I think it will take but a
few minutes to pass this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada, [Mr. Nye,] which will be read.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is my joint resolution
displaced?
■ The PRESIDBNT7W& iempere. The joint
resolution is superseded bythe untinishedimai-
ness of yesterday.
Mr. ANTHON Y. I thought the unfinished
business was laid aside to take it up.
The PRESIDENT pre tempore. ; It over-
ran the time, and the Chair did not call up the
unfinished business until attention was called
to it.
Mr. ANTHONY".- The matter we. were en-
gaged upon ia almost in the nature of a priv-
ileged question; but I do not mean to press
it as such. I have the same interest in it that
all other Senators have. :
Mr. MORTON. As we areinformed that
the Globe contract terminates on the 4th of
March it .seems, to me to be imperative on Con-
gress to take some-action one way or the other,
or we shall after that time find ourselves with-
out reporters and printers. We ought to de-
termine one way or the other about the thing
now.
Mr. ANTHON Y. I move to postpone the
bill that has been called up as unfinished busi-
ness for the purpose of continuing the con-
sideration of the joint resolution which was
pending daring the morning hour.
The motion was agreed to .; and the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (S. R. No. 231)
providing for the reporting and publication of
the debates in Congress was resumed as in
Committee of the Whole.1
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Whyte,]
which will be read.
Mr. WHYTE. Before my amendment is
read I should like to refer the Senate to page
5 of the Congressional Printer's last annual
report. There the Senate will see the immense
amount of unfinished work he has already on
his hands, and they can then determine whether
it had better be added to or diminished.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to make a sug-
gestion to my friend from Maryland. The
amendment directs the joint Committee on
Printing to contract with Rives & Bailey ac-
cording to their proposition. Now, it seems
to me that if we are to contract with Rives &
Bailey their proposal is so much higher than
the estimate of the Congressional Printer, and
so much higher than the bid we have received
from a person who brings to us abundant evi-
dence of his capability to perform the work,
that the price ought to be left blank. I should
not desire myself, unless under the specific
instructions of Congress, to contract at the
price named in their proposal.
Mr. WHYTE. I have no objection to such
a modification if the committee desire it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Sen-
ator from Maryland whether it would not be
better to put in " if they can make a contract
satisfactory to the committee."
Mr. WHYTE. I am perfectly content.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Put it in that shape.
Mr. WHYTE. I will strike out the words
" according to their proposition."
Mr. FESSENDEN. We may get it cheaper.
As it stands now, the question is whether we
should gain or lose by it. My opinion is that
we should only lose by attempting to do it,
because I think it is overburdening the Public
Printer, and I think those men have done the
work so well and so long that their judgment
as to what they can do it for, as they certainly
must be very desirous of getting the contract,
is a good deal better than the judgment of
anybody else.
Mr*. SHERMAN. If in the opinion of the
Senate the printing of the Globe should be
done by private persons, and not by the Pub-
lie Printer, I would much prefer to leave the
whole matter of making a contract to the Com-
mittee on Printing. Certainly I would not re-
quire them to make a contract with any par-
ticular person, but would give them the most
unlimited power to make such a contract as
in their judgment would secure the purpose
of the law—a full report of the debates of Con-
gress. My own opinion is, and has been for
