1860,
THE: CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
FESSENDJBN. The Senator lias not
read the proposition.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Secretary of the
Interior is to destroy such as he pleases that
are old and preserve the rest.
Mr. MORTON. Those over a certain age.
It at least places it in the power of the Secre-
tary of the Interior to destroy all over seven-
teen or tw.enty-one years of age. I am cer-
tainly opposed to that.
Mr. President, I should have no objection to
voting for the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Ne>v'Y6rk, that this bill shall take
effect some time next spring, were it not for
the reason he gives for it. I differ with Mr.
Browning in politics ; butl have no knowledge
that authorizes me to reflect upon his integrity;
and this amendment is put upon a ground that
does reflcct on the integrity of the Secretary
of the Interior. I shall certainly vote against
the amendment put upon that ground.
Mr. FESSBNDEN. Let me say to the Sena-
tor from Indiana that he has not carefully read
the bill. The bill provides for the storage and
preservation of all such models as may be
deemed worthy of preservation, and that the
residue, the worthless models, maybe disposed
of or stored in other parts of the building.
We must relieve that hall. The Senator lii
the remarks he makes ignores the fact which I
stated, and which I had from the Commissioner,
that the models-were accumulating at the rate
of fourteen thousand a year. All these cor-
ridors are now filled. Where will you put the
models as they increase?
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
has struck precisely the point,; and that is, as I
intimated before, that you must either do this
in some way, or else you must make up your
minds to devote the whole of that building to
the keeping aind exhibition of models, and put
up another, at such expense as Senators may
judge will be required, for the purposes of the
Interior Department. So far as the present
Senate is concerned I shall regard a vote strik-
ing out these two sections as deciding that
we must necessarily go on and preserve these
models, fill up that building, and erect another
marble palace somewhere for the Interior De-
partment. -If that is considered to be worth
while, to be economical and sensible, merely for
thesake of keeping these models. I, of course,
can make no objection.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, Senators seem
to me to be resting under an entire misappre-
hension with regard to what will take place
should this bill be passed as it has been
reported from the committee. As has been
said, there are four corridors to theDepartment
of the lnteriorbuildingnovv occupied with cases
containing models. It is proposed to employ
one of these corridors for division into rooms
for the clerks in the Department of the Inte-
rior ; but in the other three corridors there is
left room enough for every model that is of any
value whatever. Not only the models now on
hand, but the models that will accumulate for a
few years, in my judgment, can be accommo-
dated under the provisions of this bill in the
three remaining corridors. In the south cor-
ridor there is a large space now occupied by
revolutionary curiosities which it is proposed
to remove to the Smithsonian building, leaving
quite a. space therefor the placing of a portion
of the models that will be removed from the
north corridor. The Commissioner of Patents
has also shown to the committee a plan which he
has of both lengthening the cases and placing
them nearer together, which will afford more
space for models than is afforded by the cases
as they now stand.
The committee could not specify in this bill
what models should be stored in the rooms
below and what should not be; what models
should be disposed of and what should not be.
We left it to the discretion of the Secretary of
the Interior. He, as the head of the Depart-
ment, would, of course, refer that subject-mat-
ter to the Commissioner of Patents and the
exammers-in-chief, or certain examiners se-
lected by him. These gentlemen all have an
esprit du corps which would lead them to re-
tain just as many of the models as they possi-
bly could.
Now, sir, to give an idea of classes of models
that ought to be removed and stored below,
let me say that there are whole cases there
which are filled with models of men's hats—
straw hats, silk hats, fur hats; there are cases
filled with models of ladies'- bonnets. These
could be stored away in rooms below, or even
disposed of, in my judgment, at the discretion
of the Secretary of the Interior, without doing
a great deal of harm, or without losing much
of the interest of the whole exhibition to the
inventors of the country. I believe that under
the provisions of this bill the Secretary of the
Interior, exercising his discretion through the
Commissioner of Patents and the examiners,
in the putting of these models together in the j
remaining three corridors, in the storing of
those which ought to be kept for the purposes
of reference in the rooms below, and the abso-
lute disposition of the entirely unnecessary
parts of the exhibition, everything that is de-
sirable to be preserved will be preserved, rooms
provided sufficient for the clerical force of the
Interior Department, and the • Government
saved from the expense of-building a new and
very costly building in a very short period of
time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
West Virginia, striking out the first section of
the joint resolution.
Mr. FKSSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays; and thpy were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I will say a word on the
motion to strike out this first section. I think
it the most important section in the bill, and I
am utterly surprised at the remarks of the Sen-
atorsfrom Massachusetts and Indiana in regard
to it. There are hundreds of models, as I
understand, in the Patent Office of applica-
tions for patents which have been rejected.
Do those Senators wish to keep them there?
Some person supposes he has made an import-
ant invention, and he makes a model of it and
sends it on here and asks for a patent. It is
examined, and it is found that the very thing
was patented ten years ago, and it is rejected
and his model is to he kept here. TheSeriator
from Massachusetts tells us that he would
appropriate this whole building to the models.
Why, sir, this whole building, at the rate that
these models are being deposited there, will not
accommodate them in five years. The entire
upper part of that building is used now for
these models, and in half a century you will
require ten buildings as large as the present
Patent Office is to accommodate the Patent
Office alone if you are going to preserve the
model accompanying every application for a
patent, both those which are rejected and those
upon which patents are granted. This thing
has got to stop somewhere. Certainly there
can be no use in keeping the useless models.
The Senator from Connecticut has told us what
you will find there.
There is no reason for the Government incur-
ring a large expense by going outside to rent
buildings except temporarily. There is an
abundance of room in the Patent Office build-
ing, as the committee who have investigated
this matter have found, if it is properly appro-
priated. But there is a necessity for immediate
relief. It will take some little time to arrange
the rooms so as to accommodate the clerks of
this Department; and while that is being done
the committee thought it advisable to recom-
mend the hiring of an adjoining building. It
will be very poor economy to continue that or
to rent other buildings.
It is not proposed by anybody to destroy the
models which are of value. Seventeen years,
as we all know, under the present law is the
life of a patent. All patents are to run out at
the end of seventeen years. There cannot be
any great object in retaining these models after
that time. Why, sir, the country is full, not
of the model but of the invention if it is of
any value. You will find, not the model of
the printing press, but the printing press itself-
in every part of the.country. And so of all
other improvements. This bill, however, only
goes to the extent-of removing suqh rejected
and old models as-are of no value. The only
convenience I know of in having these models
in the Department is to the examiners,. It is
very convenient for them, who it is supposed
are familiar with the models; and wheii an
application for a patent is made, they take the
model that is sent to them an-d compare itvrith
those deposited by other applicants. I under-
stand however-~I was so informed by a former
Commissioner of Patents—that in England they
do not represent the applicatiQn for a patent
by a model, but by drawings, and we shall have
to come to that in this country. If itisdeterm-
ined that every model presented, whether of
value, whether useful or not, is to be preserved,
wg shall have not only to give up the present
Patent Office building to the Commissioner of,
Patents exclusively, but we shall have to build
another building within less than ten years for
the accommodation of that bureau alone.
Mr. HARLAN". I am inclined to think that
this motion ought to prevail. I doubt, very
much whether there will be any economy in
removing the cases that are now in the north
wing for the purpose of dividing it up into
rooms for clerks. I doubt, also, whether the
amount of money appropriated will accomplish
that end if it were, desirable. There is no
doubt if the whole of that space is not now
needed it will be in a very few years for the
models which all admit it is dash-able to retain.
If the models of rejected applications are to
be thrown out, as I think they might be without
any damage to the public or to inventors,
still those that it would be desirable to retain
require room; and if they are accumulating,
as the chairman of the committee says, at the
rate of fourteen thousand a year, it is perfectly
manifest that the whole of that space will-be
needed in a very short time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is full now.
Mr. WARNER. Will the Senator from
Iowa give me his attention for a moment ? He
is probably familiar with the law. I should
like to know what the law is in relation to
models, what the rights of the inventor are,
and what discretion the Secretary of the Inte-
rior or the Commissioner of Patents has in
the matter of receiving or rejecting models.
Mr. HARLAN. I think under existing laws
£he Commissioner of Pateuts is compelled to
retain the models for applicants, whether their
applications are admitted or rejected. Under
existing laws he has no discretion to throw any
out. I think, as I remarked before, that that
part of the bill is well enough which author-
izes the Secretary of the Interior to throw out
or dispose of the models of rejected applica-
tions for patents. I see no reason whatever
for retaining them, unless it be the reason sug-
gested by the Senator from Massachusetts, that
the examination of them may stimulate in-
ventors to invent something that will be new'
and useful. But when I was on the floor before
I was speaking in relation to retaining them to
facilitate the transaction of business in the De-
partment itself. I do not think it would be
wise to throw out the models, however old, of
patents that have been admitted; for when a
pa tent is applied for the examiner must begin
at the bottom and trace the subject entirely
through in order to ascertain whether the same
matter has previously been the subject of a
patent. The mere lapse of a dozen or twenty
years does not obviate the necessity of his going
back to the very beginning to see whether it
ever has been the subject of a patent before. I
think that class of models ought to be retained.
It is said, by those who favor that clause in
the bill, that these models may be stored else-
where. I think I am about as familiar with the
character of that building as any member of the
Senate, perhaps; and I know of no place where
they could be stored. The whole of the space
in that building is now occupied either by clerks
or for storage of documents or for the storage
of the papers of the Department connected with
