1614
1HE CONGrRESSH)®AL GLOBE.
February 24,
two or three years, that since we have already
established a Bureau of Printing, if I may say
so, a great printing establishment, this addi-
tional work iof printing the proceedings of
Congress may be added to that establishment
without very much enlarging it or very much
changing it. The publication of our debates,
although very voluminous, is but little in com-
parison with the vast work that the Government
Printing Office is now doing, arid doing well, and
doing cheaper than it was done before. There
is no doubt about the comparison of the fig-
ures of the cost of printing now and the cost
of printing before the war; taking into consid-
eration the advance in the price of materials,
we save largely on the work done by the Con-
gressional Printer. The whole establishment
has been a success so far as I know.
My friend from Vermont awhile ago alluded
to the printing of the Treasury Department. I
can show by statistics that the cost of doing
what has been done in the Treasury Depart-
ment by the private corporations in New York
who used to print our bank bills would have
been twice or three times as great as what it
has been in the Treasury. My friend from
Maine [Mr. Fessexden] can testify better as
to that, but the fact is that the cost of printing
in the Treasury Department has been greatly
under that which would have been paid to
private companies.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not deny
that for a specific job the work has been done
cheaper at the Treasury Department, but I
insist that it has brought with it a large amount
of unnecessary printing that has been done iu
the Treasury Department, and which involves
the Government in a vast increase of expense.
Mr. SHERMAN. While I am on my feet I
will state tbat I concur substantially in the
view of the Committee on Printing, that this
work being a Government work had better be
done and controlled like all the other Govern-
ment printing in the Government Printing
Office. I would not establish a Government
Printing Office for the purpose of printing the
debates of Congress, but since we have such
an establishment, and since this will be only
a comparatively small addition to the labor, I
think it ought to be done there. The Gov-
ernment Printing Office now binds the Globe ;
it has to buy the paper for that purpose; it
now does all the kinds of work that would be
done if it was compelled to print the Congres-
sional Globe, except to provide for the report-
ing. The reporting is done by a corps of ex-
perienced gentlemen, who, I suppose, cannot
be improved in the United States. No doubt
they will be retained. Probably no better or
more experienced persons for that business
could be employed anywhere. They will un-
doubtedly be kept. The only change will be
that their manuscript, iustead of being sent to
the office of Rives & Bailey, will be sent to the
Government Printing Office. Now the sheets
that come from the press of Rives & Bailey are
sent to the Government Printing Office to be
bound, so that all the additional work that will
have to be done in the Government Printing
Office is to put up the types and stereotype them
and print these sheets. It seems to rae that if
by this process we can save fifty or sixty thou-
sand dollars we ought to do it, even upon the
narrow ground of economy; but I believe on
other grounds it is better to have this whole
matter done under Government supervision in
the Government Printing Office. I shall there-
fore vote for the resolution of the committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It appears to me that
this resolution, with the amendment as' now
presented, is unobjectionable. According to
the resolution as amended the Committee on
Printing is required to make a contract with
Bailey & Rives for the publication of the Globe,
and there are no terms prescribed. They are
not required to contract according to the prop-
osition made by Rives & Bailey, but they are
left to their discretion to make as good a con-
tract as they can with these persons. If they
do not succeed iu -making a satisfactory con-
tract with these persons, then the resolution
provides that the printing may be done at the
Public Printing Office. Can the resolution be
put in any better shape than that? It seems
to me that that is all that Congress ean require.
Let the committee proceed. It is possible,
after this discussion and after further consulta-
tion with these gentlemen, that they will prefer
to take this printing at a reduced price rather
than to have it transferred to the Government
Printing Office. If they do not consent to do
that, then let the committee, according to the
second section, take the printing and put it at
the Government Printing Office, and have it
conducted there under their supervision. It
seems to me that this is the best shape in which
the proposition can be put. I hope we shall
pass it.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we ought to take
the sense of the Senate in regard to the ques-
tion whether we shall transfer this work to the
Government printing establishment or not. I
am for that.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is precisely what
the committee wish, some indication of the
disposiiion of the Seuate on the subject.
Mr. POMEROY. I was going to say that
if tbe Senate decline to make the transfer, then
I want the committee to make as good a con-
tract as they can, but let the question first be
determined whether we will transfer it. I am
for that. I do not see why we want to run two
establishments. If we run one printing estab-
lishment why should not it do the whole work?
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to get at a result
without wasting much time, I will submit a
motion that will bring it to a direct vote. I
move, as an amendment to the proposition of
the Senator from Maryland, a simple prop-
osition that the printing of the Congressional
Globe shall, after the 4th of March next, be
done at the Government Printing Office. That
will bring a direct vote.
Mr. ANTHONY. But the amendment of
the Senator from Maryland is an amendment
to that very proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. But I offer it as an amend-
ment to the proposition of the Senator from
Maryland.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then you offer the ori-
ginal proposition as an amendment to an
! amendment to that proposition?
i Mr. SHERMAN. We shall get a vote in
! that way.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us get a vote on
something.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Unless in the proposition
the Congressional Printing Office is permitted
to make sales of the daily issues of the Globe
and of the quarto volumes after they are printed
they cannot in any way print as cheaply as the
present contractors. Can the Government
Printing Office sell its publications to the pub-
j lie?
j Mr. ANTHONY. Yes. There is a general
■ law that allows any document ordered by Con-
j gress to be sold, the price of it being paid
, before it is printed.
i Mr. SPRAGUE. Here is a public and on-
i terprising company that sell during the session
I the issue of the Globe for ten dollars. It costs
between six and seven dollars to the Govern-
ment for the copies furnished Congress. They
sell copies during the session of Congress, as
they are issued daily, for ten dollars a copy.
Then, for the five volumes that are published
! by Congress they get thirty dollars. The price
that they get outside will enable them to com-
pete successfully against the Congressional
Printing Office or anybody else. That is as I
understand it, and as I have been informed
is the condition in which this printing busi-
ness is.
Mr. ANTHONY. They undoubtedly have
an advantage on the private subscriptions to
the Globe.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It will enable them to
print at a much less rate. The correct way, in
my judgment, to manage this business is to
authorize the Printing Committee to make a
contract for doing it either with contractors or
with the Government Printing Office, and give
them a discretion in the matter.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, nothing
is more deceptive than public estimates ; we
know that in the great body of the work that
is done for the Governinent, the construction
of public buildings and repairs and all that.
Now, sir, I have very little confidence in the
estimates that are presented here from the
bureau of public printing, if it may be so called.
I do not believe that this printing will be done
at the Public Printing Office for the price that
we are paying to the present, company. I do
not expect it to be done for that price. I know
that the Government never does work as cheap
as individuals do it. Ordinarily we can pay
individuals for work done and a reasonable
profit, and save money to the Government,
rather than do it directly through the agents of
the Government. This work has been carried
on a long while by this office to the satisfaction
of members of Congress. It reflects credit upon
the Government, and I am very reluctant to
see a change made. In the course of a Con-
gress I believe it is now claimed tbattherecan
be a change made in favor of the Treasury of
forty or fifty or sixty thousand dollars. When
we come to test it by experience I think that
the change will be the other way; it will cost
that much more than it does now.
But, sir, as we have the work done to the
entire satisfaction of Congress now I would
not risk a change for the possibility of saving
that amount. While I do'not believe we shall
save it—on the contrary I believe it will be
more expensive—I would not make the change
for that small sum. It is a valuable work. It
contains the history of Congress. It is done
now by responsible parties. They are respons-
ible to their profession as well as to Congress
and to the people for the style in which the work
is done. I should regret to see a change made.
It is very clear that the work ought not to be
given to this other competitor for it. There is
no prospect that it wiil be done as we should
desire. And as between the Public Printing
Office and the Globe office I prefer leaving it
where it is.
I have an old attachment perhaps to this
office that influences my judgment somewhat.
I knew it when it was carried on by Mr. John
C. Rives. I had a great respect for him, and
do not regret that he made a reasonable profit
on the work that he always conducted accord-
ing to his contract and continued with honor
until he made it one of the creditable works
in connection with the public service. I do
not regret that he made some profit upon it.
The fact referred to by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, that he amassed a respectable sum
of money is not a reason for taking it away.
We expect men when they do work to make
some profit, and if the profits are uniform and
reasonable in the course of a long series of
years they will amount to a respectable sum.
I do not understand that the fortune is a very
great one, not as much perhaps as has been
made by many gentlemen in their ordinary
private pursuits, but a respectable fortune as
I understand, though what it is I am not pie-
pared to say. That is not a reason for taking
work away unless it appears that the price paia
is an unreasonable one. If an unreasonable
one, then the correction ought to be made, of
course. I do not understand that the present
price is an unreasonable one, and therefore I
shall vote to leave this work where it is. I
believe it is to the advantage of the Govern-
ment to leave it there.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, I look upon
this something in the light of an old faithful
bookkeeper or friend that has been in your
employment for a great many years. If I had
a bookkeeper that was in my employment, and
had been for twenty or thirty years, that had
always been faithful, who had done his business
to my satisfaction, always been trusty, and I had
found him in every way worthy, I should feel
myself bound to continue him in that position
as long as he behaved himself in such a man-
ner as to command my confidence and appro-
