1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bation. This business, as I understand, has
been conducted to the satisfaction of Congress;
and for the sum of $20,000 a year to change
this printing to a source which perhaps may
not be so satisfactory to every gentleman in
Congress seems to me very unwise.
The work is now done to the satisfaction of
every one of the Senators here present, I have
no doubt. The courtesy extended by this print-
ing establishment has been uniform to every
member of Congress; and we have no com-
plaint. The price it seems to me is not above
perhaps what should be reasonable as a profit
over and above the cost of the printing of this
work. The estimate is that the actual cost will
be something like $20,000 a year less to the
Government than it would be under the aus-
pices of this private company. That is not
more than a reasonable amount of profit for
these individuals; and these people pay their
taxes and contribute to the support of the
Government as does every other business. It
seems to me it would be unwise to change this
printing at this time. I shall vote for keeping
it where it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Maryland.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let the amendment be
read as modified by the mover.
The Chiet Clerk read it, as follows:
Strike out all after the resolving clause, and insert:
That the joint Committee of Congress on Public
Printing is hereby authorized to contract, on behalf
of the General Government, with liives & liaiicy lor
the reporting and publication of the debates in Con-
gress tor the tei m ot two years on and from the 4th day
ot March, 186U: Provided, That before the United
States shall be called on to pay for any reporting or
publication of the debates, the accounts therefor
shall be submitted to the joint Committee on Public
Printing, or to such other officer or officers of Con-
gress as they may designate, and on their or his ap-
probation thereof as being in all respects according
to the contract, it shall be paid lorlrom the Treasury
of the United States, alter having passed tho proper
accounting officers thereof.
See. 2. And be it further resolved. That in case the
joint Committeo on Public Printing aro unable to
ooncludo a contract with the said Rives & Bailey, or
that they be unable to luliill any contract that they
may make, tho joint Committeo on Public Printing
bo authorized to have the debates reported ana
PlinLed under the direction of the Congressional
Printer at the Government Piinting Office.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved. That for tho pur-
pose aforesaid there be appropriated and paid out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated the sum of $350,000, or so much thereof as may
be necessary.
Mr. MORTON. I have no faith myself in
the Government directly procuring heavy work
of this kind to be performed cheaper through
its own immediate agents than by contract.
It is contrary to all governmental experience.
Wherever the Government has work to be
done of a continuous or important character
it has uniformly been found to be cheaper to
let it out, under fair terms of contract, than to
undertake to execute the work itself.
If the Government has a harbor to repair or
construct, or any public work to do, it has been
found cheaper by experience to let it out by
contract than for the Government to under-
take, through its own agents, to hire the hands
and execute the work. The Government tiied
that experiment once in the construction of the
Cumberland road. The construction of that
road was first put under the care of engineers,
with authority to employ superintendents and
agents, to hire the hands and construct the
road, without the intervention of contractors:
and I believe it is a notorious fact that the
work cost the Government at least twice what
it would have cost if it had been let out under
fair terms of contract; and more than that, it
progressed far more slowly than it would have
done if it had been fairly contracted for.
Why, sir, the operation of this principle is
so well understood that railroad companies,
private corporations, where they have a rail-
road to construct, will not undertake to con-
struct it directly by their own agents. Some
roads havs attempted that; but they have been,
I believe, uniformly unfortunate. I remember
one instance where a railroad company under-
took to build a road through its own super-
intendents, to employ bands, and superintend
them; and after having partially constructed
the road it was compelled to abandon that
system and resort to the ordinary one of con-
tract, where the work is let out to contractors
under fair competition.
Now, sir, if the Government of the United
States can save money by undertaking to exe-
cute a long and heavy work of this kind,
directly through its own agents, I undertake
to say it will be the first time that that experi-
ment has ever been successful. As I said
before, it has been tried in regard to railroad
companies, where the parties managing the
company were directly parties in interest; and
it has been found, even with regard to railroad
companies, that it is to their advantage'to let
the work out to contractors and allow the
contractors to make fair profits, and that they
can construct the work cheaper and faster.
As this is the almost universal experience
with regard to the Government in other par-
ticulars, with regard to corporations, with re-
gard to the construction of all works of im-
provement, it seems to me there is no reason
to suppose that the Government can execute
this particular work cheaper through its own
agents than it can by contractors, with fair
competition. What I should like to see—-I do
not know whether it is possible now or not—
would be that this work should be thrown open
to fair competition to the lowest bidder. I
am of the opinion that if this thing was prop-
erly published, and if there was time for it,
there are.heavy printing establishments in New
York, Boston, and Philadelphia, where they
have ample material, where they have entire
experience and an abundance of presses and
type, and all the necessary machinery that
could set up a branch establishment here and
could do this work perhaps cheaper than is
either offered by Mr. Crowell or by the Globe
company. But, sir, that the Government will
save anything, as even compared with the bid
of the Globe company, by undertaking to do
it itself, I entertain the gravest doubts.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator allow
me one word ?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator will notice
that there is a second joint resolution reported
from the Committee on Printing, under the
instructions of the act, which does give this
contract to the lowest bidder. It was not ex-
actly in the nature of a bid, because we were
not authorized to receive a bid, but only pro-
posals, and to report them to Congress, and we
have reported the lowest proposal we received,
and another joint resolution gives the contract
to the party making that proposal.
Mr. MORTON. I understand that; and I
have no doubt the committee have done all in
their power to present this subject to Congress
in the best possible manner. But, sir, if the
Government can save money by doing this
work itself rather than having it done by con-
tractors it is an exception to every other kind
of work that the Government has to perform.
It is an exception to the almost universal ex-
perience so far as the Government and the
States are concerned, and even private corpo-
rations.
Mr. GRIMES. The first thing to be done
will be to build a new printing-house.
Mr. ANTHONY. That we have got to do
anyhow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I think
we carry our notions of economy to a very con-
siderable excess without stopping to consider
what may be the result finally. There are two
propositions before the Senate. One is to give
this work to the lowest bidder. Let us look a
little at the nature of it. It is not simply a mat-
ter of printing and binding: it is a matter of
reporting ; it is a matter of getting up the mate-
rial, statingproperly, succinctly, and accurately
what we do here. That is a part of the con-
tract. These men who are to furnish the reports
of the debates employ the reporters ; they are
responsible for the accuracy of the reports;
they are responsible for the accuracy of the
work that is done. It is a matter of skill, a
matter of experience, a matter of judgment.
If we have this work done at tbe Government
Printing Office, although I have as roach con-
fidence in the Superintendent of Publie Print-
ing as any man can have, and believe he doe#
his work well, faithfully, and carefully, yet,
after all, 1re is but a Government agent, and
there is no personal responsibility on him. He
makes no contract. He will do, it as well as he
can; but how is he sitftated?" I understand
from the chairman of tbe bommittee that thai
Superintendent has no desire to do this work.
He does not want to increase bis own labor®.
He says he can do it if Congress requires it;
that it can be done at the Government Printing
Office; but it is tacking an additional burden
upon what already is heavy enough for any one
man; and be, after he takes it, would be a
mere agent of the Government, and he would
be no more responsible in one s?nse of tbe
word for the accuracy of it by any contract he
would make, pecuniarily, than we should our-
selves.
Now, sir, it is an old adage, and one that is
well worth thinking of, that it is best to let well
enough alone. We all know that this report-
ing has been exceedingly well done. It is done
well, not only on the part of the reporters
themselves, with whom we have every reason
to be abundantly Satisfied in every particular,
but it has been done well on the part of the
contractors who are responsible for the execu-
tion of the work.
It is said that they have got rich. I do not
know how that may be; I know nothing about
their fortunes; but I know that Mr. Rives was
repeatedly before Congress and demonstrated
to the satisfaction of Congress that he could
not do this work unless he was allowed certain
sumsand certain privileges. That he made him-
self comfortable in his fortune is very true;
and I agree with the Senatorfrom Indiana [Mr.
Hendricks] that he deserved to make himseif
comfortable and to make a reasonable sum of
money and to be independent.
Now, sir, experience is everything. In that
building, having all t.he necessary material to
carry on this work, has been the experience
of years, and a most satisfactory experience.
Suppose we let this out to the lowest bidder.
As has been said here, he has not a printing
office; he has got to begin on the 4th of March ;
he has not a printing office here; he has no
materials ready ; everything is to be prepared.
How shall we be situated until he gets well
under way and gets the thing going? Vfeshall
have innumerable complaints and innumerable
errors. It is in the nature of things that it
should be so. Instead of going on with old
experienced hands who are already accustomed
to the work—and it needs practice and ex-
perience—we have new hands. I take it that
nobody thinks seriously of making a contract
on such terms unless we can be satisfied that
the work shall go along correctly.
Then the only question that presents itself
is, shall we save so much money? If we can
save it as well as not and do this work I
should be very glad to save it; but it is the
merest experiment in the world. No man's
judgment is infallible. The idea that the Pub-
lic Printer, with all the labor that he has upon
his bands, the vast amount of work he has to
perform, can take this work at once under his
control and do it as well as those who have
had it for their only work to be accomplished
is to my mind perfectly incomprehensible. I
do not see how any gentleman should think it
possible. I care not who has this work so
j that it is well done.
! I am among those who believe that in these
times the reporting of the proceedings of Con-
! gress has become a necessity. It is a neces-
sity to the public and it is a necessity to the
members of Congress themselves. It is satis-
factory to the community. They want to know
what is being done, and they want to know
with some degree of accuracy what is being
