764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
out in line-five the word "actually" and in-
serting "usually," and by striking oat after
the word "in" in the same line the words
"transmitting mail matter to - and from their
respective posts to Washingtonso as to make
the proviso read: .
Provided, That the time equal to that usually occu-
pied in going tQ^nd returning from tlie. United States
may be allowed in addition to said sixty days.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Say "to a per-
son actually traveling;" otherwise you will not
reach the mischief.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well.
Mr.' MORIULJj, of Maine. ' I think the bill
provides for the case of injustice to which the
honorable Senator refers or may have in his
mind, 8S he will see if he will look to the elev-
enth page, the last section.
Mr. IRUMBU LL. I think it ought to be a
general law applicable to all cases. I do hap-
pen to know one case which seemed a very
great hardship. I think the law ought to be
changed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think so my-
self; and I wish to say here that I think itillus-
trates the inexpediency of the law of last year.
The matter is best under the discretion of the
State Department.
Mr. TRUMBULL I submit if it would not
carry out the view of the chairman of the com-
mittee to alter the proviso so as to make it
read as follows:
Provided, That the time equal to that usually oc-
cupied in going to and returning from the United
States, in case of the return of such diplomatic or con-
sular officcr to the United States, may be allowed in
addilion to said sixty days.
That, then, would allow him the sixty days,
and also the time usually occupied in coming
to and returning from the United States in case
he made the voyage
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir; that
obviates the difficulty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I movethatamendment.
The Chief Clerk. Itisproposed to amend
the proviso by striking out in line five the word
"actually" and inserting "usually," and by
striking out in lines five and six the words
" transmitting mail matter to and from their
respective posts to Washington" and inserting
'' going to and returning from the United States,
in case ol the return ot such diplomatic or con-
sular officer to the United States,"
^ Mr. MORRILL, of M aine. 1 suggest to the
Senator whether he will nut allow after the
word "return'' the insertion of the words "on
leave."
Mr. PRUMBMLL. Certainly. If it does
not mean that 1 think it should be made clear.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Jt may mean that,
but perhaps it had better be so expressed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will so modify it.
The amendment of Mr. Tkumbull whs
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is ou the amendment of the commit-
tee, to sirike out the section as amended.
Tbe amendment was lejected.
^ The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion four, as follows:
Skc.4. And be tt further enacted, That the Secretary
of the .treasury ah all be authoiized, in his discretion,
to cause examinations to be mudo into the uccouats
ot the consular oliicera of tbe United States, and
into ail matters connected with the business of their
said offices, and to that end he may appoint such
agent or a,gents as may be necessary forthnt pur-
pose; and any agent, when so appointed, under the
seal ot the .treasury Department, shall, lor the pur-
pose of imiking said Examinations, have authority
to administer oaths and take testimony, and shall
,ve a5?eMt0 books and papers of all con-
u any agent appointed in this be-
na i snail be paid for his services a just smd reason-
able compensation, not exceeding five dollars per
oay lor tbe tune necessarily employed, in addition
^ uocessarr the same to be paid
out ot the sum appropriated for expenses of collect-
hlV™ !iVC?ue' but 110 greatersum than $5,000 shall
in 2mlv as coulPe sati()D of such agent or agents
in any one jear. And the Seeictary ol the Treasury
mci tSfe^flf6 tw Ouiiirress, at the commence-
ment of every December session, the na.mo« of the
toaother wfth0trted' aU? th? amoLmt to each,
togabei with the reports ot such agents.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five,
line two, to insert the word u willfully" before
u neglect;" so that the section will read:
That any consular officer of the United States
who shall willfully neglect to render true and just
quarterly accounts and-returns of the business of
his offifce and of moneys received by him for the use
of the United States, or who shall neglect to puy
over any balance of f-uch moneys which may be dae
to the United States at the expiration of any quarter
before the expiration of the next succeeding quarter,
shall be deemed guilty of embezzlement of the pub-
lic moneys- and :sball, on conviction thereof .before
any court of the United States having jurisdiction
of like offenses, be punished by imprisonment not
exceeding one year and by a fine not exceeding
$2,000, and shall be- forever disqualified from hold-
ing any office of trust or profit in the United States.
The motion was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six,
line six, to strike out "vice" before "consu-
late so that the section will read :
That no consul general or consul now holding, or
who shall hereafter hold, either of said offices shall
be permitted to hold the oftice of consul general or
consul at any other consulate, or exercise the duties
thereof; and hereafter there shall only be allowed
to any consulate or consular agency for expenses
thereof an amount sufficient to pay for stationery
and postage on official letters.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion seven, as follows:
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted. That the entire
expense of prison and prison-keepers at the consu-
late of Bankok, in Siam, shall hereafter not exceed
the sum of $1,000 annually; and the salary of the
interpreter shall not exceed the sum of $500 annually;
aud no salary shall hereafter be allowed the marshal
at that consulate; and the annual salary of the con-
sul at Bankok shall hereafter bo $3,000.
Mr. MOKHILL, of Maine. I notice that the
Senator from Illinois takes an interest in the
question which 1 suppose arises under this
section. The committee proposed to strike it
out, because having stricken out the second
section it did not seem to be necessary to enact
the provisions of this section. This section is
here to meet a particular case to which the
Senator from Illinois referred. The consul at
Bankok came home without leave. He has
been from his post about eight months. Of
course he can draw no pay under the law as it
stood last year. I do not thiuk the amend-
ment which the Senate has made to the second
section obviates that difficulty. In order that
this consul should be able to have his leave of
absence ratified and draw his salary it will be
necessary to pass this seventh section, perhaps
with an amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why ought that to be
done?
Mr. FERRY. Why ought he to be paid if
he has not been there?
Mr. MORKILL, of Maine. He was not
aware of the provisions of the law of last year.
Mr. FERRY. What of that?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is the ar-
gument, and the Senator from Illinois is try-
ing to reach his case, as I suppose, and there-
fore I have felt it necessary to say to him and
to the Senate that if it is desirable to reach
that class of cases by legislation this section
which the committee move to strike out ought
to be retained.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Beach it which way? So
as to pay t.hem, or not?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. So as to pay
him. As 1 understand he had leave to come
home, but in the meantime Congress inter-
posed the legislation of last year, which pro-
hibited the Secretary of State from paying him
whether he had leave or not. He came home
under these circumstances, and being at home,
having now been eight months away, he iitids
that notwithstanding he had leave of the De-
partment he can get no pay. So it became
necessary to incorporate in the bill this sec-
tion, which the other House did incorporate;
but the Senate Committee on Appropriations,
choosing to throw the law back t.o'the discre-
tion of the Secretary of State, as it was prior
to the act of 1868, proposed to strike out the
section.
The other section being now restored by the
amendment of the Senator, from Illinois ft be-
comes necessary to consider this case. If it is
the sense of the Senate to provide for it under
these circumstances this section should be
amended and retained, and I will ask theSen-
ate to'amend it so as to cover the case of this
absentee, and then we will consider the ques-
tion whether it is the sense of the Senate that
he shall be paid. In the first place, I move to
amend the section, before the-question is taken
on striking out the whole of it, j>y striking out
in the eighth line after the word "shall" the
word "hereafter," and then att-heend of that
liHe adding the words "to commence July 1,
1868;" so as to make the last clause of the sec-
tion read : "the annual salary of the consul at
Bankok shall be $3,000, to commence July 1,
1868:"
Mr. TRUMBULL. In amending the other
section we so acted as to make it a general
law. I happen to know about the inconven-
ience and injustice of the existing law from the
particular case referred to by the Senator from
Maine. I understand that in that case a con-
sul in Asia returned home, having leave of ab-
sence, and the law only allowed him pay for
sixty days. It more than occupies the whole
time to come and go. I cannot now state all
the facts about his coming home, but I believe
they have been'stated to the committee, and
were satisfactory to the Committee of the House
and of the Senate, too. I am unable at this
moment to detail them. But we have amended
a previous section so as to make it a general
law that no consul or diplomatic agent is to be
paid who is absent more than sixty days from
his post; provided, however, that if he comes
to the United States on leave of absence the
necessary time in coming and going is to be
added to the sixty days. * Otherwise a man
who came home and was so far away that it
took him the whole time to come and go could
have no leave of absence at all if there was
occasion for him to come home for any reason,
either of a public or a private character, that
might justify his coming home in the discre-
tion of the Department of State. We have
amended %he law so that the case of the gen-
tleman who came home will be within the
general law as we have amended it, and it
seems proper that he should have the benefit
of the law, as we propose to make it a per-
manent statute; and I understand that will be
the effect of retaining the seventh section as
the committee now have it. I hope, there-
fore, that the seventh section will not be
stricken out but will be retained.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine to the seventh section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on striking out the section as
amended.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I believe all the amend-
ments of the committee have been gone through
with, and the bill is now open to general amend-
ment. I have an amendment which I desire
to offer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire submitted an amend-
ment some time ago.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
have already submitted an amendment, which
is on the table, to substitute " Queenstown" for
"Cork," in line ninety-one.
The PRE sIDENT^iro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendmeut of the Senator trom
New Hampshire.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. As
I stated before, Queenstown is the port of entry
for Cork.
, The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
movetoinsert in the one hundred and sixteenth
line, after the word "Hakodadi," the words
and " Buenos Ayres so as to read :
The consuls at Hakodadi and Buenos Ayres shall
receive an annual saluary of $3,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have an explana-
tion of that. How does that change the exist-
ing law?
