.1616
IRE "CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
FebruaryM,
4«ne,; The idea suggested by my honorable
friend-frorrv Indiana {Mr. Mj9rt«n] that we can
let it out to printers in New York. Boston, &c.,
does not strike my mind, as at all feasible, that
we can accomplish aeything by it. I do not
believe that the lowest bidder is one half the
time the cheapest bidder for the person with
whom he contracts.
Now, sir, the matter can be easily under-
stood. The Committee on Priuting are prac-
tical men. My friend who stands at the head
of it [Mr, Anthony] is certainly acquainted
with his business. I am perfectly willing to pay
the present publishers a fair and reasonable
profit, and with thi3 competition before them
they cannot getany more than a fair and reason-
able profit. Then, what is this proposition? Bear
m mind that the idea of change, and change at
once, includes all the risks of change; the
risks with regard to accuracy in the first pla.ce;
the risks with regard to promptitude ; the risks
with regard to final expenditure, final cheap-
ness, and real economy. Thathasgot to bean
experiment. We only have an opinion to begin
with. Then, whatis the objection to this prop-
osition ? I am in favor of letting well enough
alone if we can afford to do so. I am in favor
of letting this work be done as it has been
done, by the same men, if they will do it on
reasonable terms, such as we ought to accept:
because, being satisfied with the mode in which
they have done it, I feel more safety while in
their hands if they continue to do it.
Therefore I shall vote for the amendment
of the Senator from Maryland, because it puts
it into the bands of the committee to make a
contract with those who have performed their
contracts well hitherto and whom we know by
experience to be prompt and capable of doing
all this work, if you can make a contract with
them on satisfactory terms, such you ought to
make. If you cannot do it, then you have the
Congressional Printer at hand, and then from
necessity will be obliged to take the risk of
that experiment. I shall be willing to take it
under those circumstances, and 1 would rather
take it now than contract with any new men ;
but I should prefer to go on as we have been
going on if we can be satisfied that in so doing
we are really advancing or not injuiing the
interests of the Government in relation to that
particular matter.
.1 am not in favor of leaving ourselves in the
power of any set of men who can make their
own terms for work; and I make this remark
with reference to whatfell from my friend from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] in regard to the print-
ing at the Treasury. I have no doubt, from my
knowledge of affairs there, that millions have
-been saved to this Government by the fact that
the Treasury took into its osvn hands, under
the direction of Secretary Chase, the printing
of the notes, bonds, &c. Prior to that time we
were in the hands of men who could make their
own-terms, and did make their own terms, and
it was an absolute necessity to be independent
of them. I believe if any experiment in the
world has been a success that experiment has
been a success, and a very great success; and
all the investigations that have been had with
reference to the conduct of it, so far as I know,
have resulted in nothing but the discovery of
some irregularities in keeping the accounts,
but in no discovery of any serious wrong or any
serious loss. I know that when I first went
into the Treasury Department I felt exceed-
ingly troubled about it, aud I watched it with
exceeding care. The thought that troubled me
when I went to my pillow at night was the fear
that something or other would happen with
regard to the printing of notes and bonds in
the Treasury Department that would involve
me in responsibility as the head of it. But, sir,
I believe, with all the scrutiny and all the. ex-
amination and everything that has been done
to find out. what the result of it has been, the
conclusion to be arrived at must necessarily be
that it has been a remarkable success in itself,
aud free from any very particular injury or loss
to the Government in any way, nothing to be
compared with what has been stated. I say
this simply with reference to that remark made
by the Senator from Vermont, in order that I
might express my opinion publicly on this sub-
ject so far as my knowledge of it extends.
Mr. SPItAGUE. Whenever the Govern-
ment have had anything to sell as a general
thing the result has been that they have had
to sell it at a much less price than it was worth.
Take the sales at the close of the war of all the
Army and Navy material, and you find that the
combinations that have been made against the
Government in the purchase of all those ma-
terials have been to the Government's disad-
vantage. Contracts for the doing of any work
of the Government are of the same character,
in my judgment, and contractors for printing
outside can as readily be bought off and the
contract obtained at a higher price unless
proper restrictions and properguards are placed
around it so that the contracting party or the
Government may have some leverage against
these combinations. Now, then, it strikes me
that the Committee on Printing are the proper
power or persons to execute these contracts;
and it is also proper, in my judgment, that in
addition to that power being conferred upon
them they should be able to use the Govern-
ment Printing Office as a part of the power or
privilege or advantage which they would have
in making the contract. For myself I do not
believe that it is possible for the Government
Printing Office to print the debates as cheaply
or as well as those who have been accustomed
for so long a time to do it; but I believe that
having that office at their disposal the com-
mittee would be able to contract to much better
advantage for the Government than they wouid
otherwise be able to do. As I have said, the
compensation that the contractors now have
is in the sate of the books otherwise made than
to Congress, by which they are enabled to con-
tract at a low price, and that part can be pushed
to a greater extent than it is now. With wise
| attention given to it by the Committee on Print-
! ing the printing of the Congressional Globe
j can be obtained from the present contractors
I to better advantage, in my judgment, than it
i can in any other way. I would have the dis-
| cretion left with the Committee on Printing to
| use the Government office in the event that
j they could not obtain satisfactory prices out
; of the present contractors or others.
J The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
i tion is on the amendment of the Senator trom
Maryland.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask my friend from
Maryland to modify his amendment. It directs
the committee to contract with Rives & Bailey
according to their proposals.
Mr. WHYTE. No, sir; I have modified it
in that particular.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have it
read now just as it stands.
The Chief Clerk. The joint resolution, as
amended, reads as follows:
Be it renohed, d:c.. That the joint Committee of
Congress on Public Printing is hereby authorized to
contract on behall of the General Government with
Ilives it Bailey for the reporting and publication of
the debates of Congress for the term of two years on
and from the 4th day of March, 1869; Provided, That
before Congress shall be called on to pay for any re-
porting or publication of the debates the accounts
thereior shall be submitted to the joint Committee
on Public Printing or to such other officer or officers
of Congress a-.' ibey may designate, and on their or
his approbation thereof, as being m all respects ac-
cording to the contract, it shall be paid for trom the
Treasury of the United States, after having passed
the proper accounting officers thereof.
Sec. 2. And be it farther reno/ved, 1'hat in case the
joint Committee on Publie Printing arc unable to
conclude a contract with the said Hives & Bailey, or
that they be unable to fulfill any contract they may
make, the joint Committee on Public Printing be
authorized to have the debates reported and printed
under the direction of the Congressional Printer at
the Government Printing Office.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved. That for the pur-
pose aforesaid there bo appropriated and paid out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated the sum of Sj350,000, or so much there>f as
may be necessary.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to insert the
word "satisfactory" before "contract;" be-
cause I wish to leave the committee some dis-
cretion. They undoubtedly can make a con-
tract with Rives & Bailey; but I wish to make
the matter discretionary with them to make a
satisfactory contract.
The PRESIDE N 'f pro tempore. Thatamend-
ment will be made if there be no objection.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask for a division on
that amendment. There was no division be-
fore. I do not wish to continue the discussion.
The amendment was concurred in, there
being on a division—ayes 24, noes 11.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
army appropkiatiox bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I now ask the
Senate to proceed to the consideration of the
Army appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. I suppose that will displace
indefinitely the unfinished business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no ob-
jection to laying that aside informally by gen-
eral consent.
Mr. COLE. I have no objection to that if
it will come up immediately after this bill is
disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator asks the unanimous consent of the Senate
to lay this bill aside informally. If there be
no objection that course will be taken, and the
bill (S. No. 247) to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide for the greater security of the
lives of passengers on board of vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam," and for
other purposes, is before the Senate, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment offered
by the Senator from Nevada. [Mr. Nye.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I moved to take
up the Army appropriation bill. My remark
was, in reply to the Senator from California,
that I had no objection that his bill should go
by informally while we considered the Army
bill. Otherwise I make the motion to take
up that bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California wanted to get up his navi-
gation bill.
Mr. MORPJLL, of Maine. Was his bill
before the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
nothing before the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There being
nothing before the Senate I move to proceed
to the consideration of the Army appropriation
bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (II. R. No. 1803) making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, 1870, and for other
purposes.
The PRESIDING_OFFICER,(Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) If it is the pleasure of the Sen-
ate the amendments reported by the Commit-
tee on Appropriations will be acted upon as
they are reached during the reading of the bill.
No objection being made, that will be consid-
ered as the sense of the Senate.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment of the Committee oa
Appropriations was in line eight, to strike out
the words "one hundred and" before "fifty;"
so that the clause will read :
For expenses of rccruiting and transportation of
recruits, $50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lino seventeen,
to reduce the appropriation "for payments to
discharged soldiers for clothing not drawn
from $500,000 to $200,000. -
The amendment was agreed to. .
The next amendment was in line twenty, to
