1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. It
increases the salary of the consul there.
Mr..EDMUNDS. I should like to knowif
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions is satisfied with the amendment?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I was going to
ask the Senator from New Hampshire for an
explanation of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am opposed to increas-
ing any salaries.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. The
commerce of that 'port has increased very
greatly since the salary of the consul was estab-
lished. The annual income from the fees of
the consulate is over six thousand dollars.
Mr. EDMUNDjB. Actually paid into the
Treasury ?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. Ac-
tually paid into the Treasury, and the oonsul
says he cannot live there, audh&sgot to resign
and come* home unless his salary is increased.
That is all there is to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He is one of the few
consuls who have made returns and paid money
into the Treasury.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. - Is the amend-
ment recommended by the Secretary, of State ?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. No,
sir. , i ' ' ;
The PRESIDENT pro tenppore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New Hampshire. > -! • . '
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think that is making
rather too great a distinction between the sal-
ary of this consul and of some other consuls ;
and if we make this so high it will render it
necessary to raise some others very soon. I
suggest to the Senator to make'it $2,500, and
perhaps that will not trouble any other locali-
ties. With his permission I will move to make
it $2,500 instead of $3,000. I believe the sal-
ary is now $1,500, and this will be an increase
of $1,000.
: Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
That will cut down the salary which it is pro-
posed to give the consul at Hakodadi.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana to the amendment of the Senator from
New Hampshire.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. In
line one hundred and fifty-three I move to strike
out "twelve," before "thousand," and to
insert "three;" so that the clause will read:
For expenses under the act of Congress to carry
into effect the treaty between the United States and
her Britannic Majesty for the suppression of the
African slave trade, $3,500.
- Mr. SUMNER. I wish the Senator would
explain why he makes that extraordinary
motion?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
will do so.- We have a treaty with Great
Britain, made in 18(32, tor the suppression of
the slave trade, under which it is provided.that
there shall be three mixed courts, one at New
York, one at Cape Town, and one in Liberia.
We pay the judge in each case $2,000, and the
arbitrator, I think, one thousand or fifteen hun-.
dred dollars. Now, sir, since the treaty went
into operation they have not performed a soli-
tary official duty. >
Mr. GRIMES. Do they go to Africa?
Mr. PATTERSON, of -New Hampshire.
They are there part of the time I suppose. It
has done nothing in the way of suppressing the
slave trade, because the slavers, instead of
hoisting the American or British flag, run up
the Spanish or Portuguese flag. Our officers
cannot board theSpanish or Portuguese vessels;
so that it has accomplished absolutely nothing
in the way of suppressing the slave trade, and
we are paying out over twelve thousand dollars
a year and receiving nothing in return. They
never have performed an official act since the
treaty went into operation. <
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, itis among
my recollections that a similar motion to fhis
was made by John Slidell: ' He made it in
defense of slavery. He brought forward, in
executive session of the Senate in his palmiest
days, when his word was almost a law, a
proposition which he was on the point of
passing, but he did it—r- ■
,Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish-to ask the Sen-
ator if he proposes to introduce here into the
debate the proceedings ol' the Senate in execu-
tive session?
Mr. SUMNER. No; I do not. I am speak-
ing of history; now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes; but that is his-
tory that is found in the secret records of the
Senate, is it not?
Mr. SUMNER. Wrhat I am speaking of
belongs to history. -
Mr. HENDRICKS. What history?
Mr. SUMNER. The history of our country.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Has it been made
public?
Mr. SUMNER. Again and again.
Mr. HENDRICKS. By the action of the
Senate?
Mr. SUMNER. I do not remember whether
by the action of the Senate or not, but again
and again has it been made public.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
should like to ask the Senator when the treaty
was made.
Mi-. SUMNER. Which treaty?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
The treaty you are speaking of.
Mr. SUMNER. I have it before me, and I
will come to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In 1862.
Mr.- PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
That was after. John Slidell left the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. A motion not unlike that
of my friend from New Hampshire was made
by John Slidell. It was, however, in executive
session, and it was to bring home our squadron
of eighty guns on the coast of Africa which we
were obliged by the AshBurton treaty to keep
there for the.suppi-ession of the slave trade. It
is well known that Mr. Slidell had no very great
aversion to the slave trade ; and he caine here
one day and professed that the treaty was good
for nothing; that the eighty guns we kept there
performed no service ; that they did not in any
way interfere with the slave trade; that it was a
great annual expense to the Republic, and that,
therefore, it was important that the treaty should
be terminated under which we were obliged to
keep those eighty guns on the coast of Africa.
Now, if I understand my friend from New
Ham pshire, he proposes a shorter cut than John
Slidell. He does not propose to terminate the
treaty by which we are obliged to maintain
these officers, but he proposes simply by act
of legislation to stop their salaries.
I have before me the treaty which my friend
proposes to terminate so rudely. It is one
of the brightest treaties iu the history of our
country, oue which when it was ratified, I had
occasion to know, gave great joy to every, pa-
triot heart; and it was one that when known
in Europe did much to secure to us that sym-
pathy which afterward helped our success. It
bears date May 25, 1862, and was proclaimed
by the President of the United States June V,
1862. I am able to say that when it was nego-
tiated and ratified, in this Chamber it was re-
garded as the final effort of the two countries
united for the suppression of the slave trade.
England and the United States for that object
came together; they were in accord. They
consented to stipulations that were burdensome
to each other; but they had a great, a henefi-
eent, a glorious object. It was the suppression
of.that traffic which had been the shame of
civilization, and was at that moment a "stigma
upon our country. In order to accomplish
that great end there was at that moment little
question with regard to expense. It was felt
that any reasonable expense would be small
to accomplish this beneficent result. Accord-
ingly the treaty was negotiated and themratified
by the Senate. By that treaty it is provided,
am.oug other things ; .
'.'The two high contraetinsparties shall eaohnama
a judge and an arbifcrator.-who shall' be authorized
to hear and to decide, without appeal, aU cases-.of
capture or detention of vessels which ill .pursuance
of the stipulations of the aforesaid treaty shall be
brought before them." . <
It is then furthfer provided that—
" The salaries of the judges and arbitrators shall
be paid by the Governments by whom'they are
appointed." *
Then again:
"Each of the, two Governments shall "defray half
of the aggregate amount of the other expenses of
such courts,"
It was in pursuance of this treaty that courts
were constituted to reside, one at Sierra Leoue,
one at the Cape of Good Hope, and one at
New York, each of these courts having two
officers, one called a judge and .the other an
arbitrator. So far the treaty.
But before I leave that I will say that at the
time it was negotiated there was an- anticipa-
tion that possibly through the influence of
this treaty the slave trade might be exterm-
inated, and that there would then be no longer
any occasion for these extraordinary expenses.
It was with that view that the treaty provided
for its termination as follows:
" It shall continue and remain in full force for the
term of ten years from the day of exchange of ratifi-
cations, and further, until the end of one year after
either of the contracting parties shall have given no-
tice to the other of its intention to terminate the
same, each of tho contracting parties reserving to
iiselt the right of giving such notice to the other at
the end of said term of ten years; and it is hereby
agreed between them that on the expiration of one
year after sueh. notice shall have been received" by
either from the .other party the treaty, shall alto-
gether cease and determine."
This, however, was,not %11. It was in pur-
suance of this treaty, that Congress passed'an
act dated July 11, 1862,_ entitled "An act to
carry into effect the treaty between the United
States and her Brittanie Majesty for the sup-
pression of the African slave trade;" and by
this act the compensation of the judges and
arbitrators of these three several courts which
I have named was fixed. All this, sir, in pur-
suance of the treaty. Learned gentlemen have
been appointed to these offices in our*country
and .also in Gteat Britain. The salaries paid
by Great Britain under this treaty are much
larger than those paid by the United States.
Ours are not large .for offices of that character
and trust.
Now, I am brought to the point to which the
Senator refers, that the courts have not had ,a
single case. Is not that to the honor of this
treaty? We all know that before this treaty
there had been numerous cases of slave trade
in which citizens of the,United States were
engaged ; others in which English subjects were
engaged.
Now it seems there is not a single case.
To what is this to be attributed? 1 humbly
submit that it is the triumph of, this very treaty,
which, if I understand my friend, he would now,
in this hasty, ill-considered way, terminate.
. Now, I would say, if the Senator is disposed
to prosecute this scheme of economy, Let him
anticipate the termination of the treaty; let
him proceed according to the terms of the
treaty and bring it to a regular end; but so
long as we continue, under these treaty obli-
gations with Great Britain for the suppression
of the slave trade let us -not hesitate to per-
form our part. . There is the obligation. Let
us not repudiate it. It ia a.sacred obligation.
It is one of. the sacred obligations which our
Country has-assumed. That treaty is of itself
a historic act. It >v4s so regarded at the time;
and hereafter, when slavery is brought to an
end, and there is no slave trade to bring shame
upon mankind, this treaty will be pointed to
proudly as one of the last considerable efforts
for its suppression.
Sir, if the Senator seeks economy by striking
down the treaty stipulations of the country I
would much prefer that he should strike out
the next clause in the bill; that is " for the
payment of the fifth annual installment of the
proportion contributed by the United Sthtes
toward the capitalization of the Scheldt dues."
That also is a treaty obligation. It is a eon-
