1869,
THE. DMGKESSKXKM: ifiLQ®.
IBIS
increase from $60,000 to $100,000 the appro
prAation " for contingeneiesof the Army*,"
The amendment was agreed to. .
The next amendment was to ins'ert after line
twenty-four the following:
For the purchase of artificial limbs for officers, sol-
diers, and sailors, $40,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line forty-eight,
to strike out t'three" and insert "five;" so
us to make the appropriation for the regular
supplies of the quartermaster's department
§5,000,000.
The amendment was agreed to..
The next amendment was in line fifty, in the
clause making an appropriation for the general
and incidental expenses of tUe quartermaster's
department, to strike out the worda " general
and" before " incidental."
The amendment was agreed to."
. The next amendment was in, line eighty-
eight, to insert the words " the purchase of;"
so that the clause will read:
For the purchase of horses for cavalry arid artil-
lery, $250,000..
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and eighteen, to strike out 11 five" and in-
sert " eightso as to make the appropriation
for the transportation of the Army $8,000,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line one hun-
dred and twenty-five, to strike out the following
proviso:
Provided, That the commanding officer of the post
whei-e any land of the United States is occupied by any
civilian for a private purpose, is required to charge
rent for the same; the amount of which rent shall
be ascertained by advertising for proposals before
the 1st day of July in each year in at least one paper
in the State or Territory in which the land lies, and
the same shall be let to the highest bidder therefor,
for the year next ensuing, subject to the approval
of the Secretary of War, provided said land shall be
vacated by the tenant, on notice, when the exigen-
cies of the service may require, without any claim
fordamage^forremoval: Andprovided further, That
the Quartermaster General shall be authorized, in
like manner, to lease any lands or buildings of the
United States under the charge of the War Depart-
ment, during the time in which the same arc not
needed for the use of the Government, and the pro-
ceeds thereof shall be covered into the Treasury of
the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and fifty-three, to strike out the words
"pay for" and to insert the word " purchase."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
second section of the bill, in the following
words:
Sec, 2. And be it further enacted, That until the
military force is reduced to twenty regiments of in-
fantry, five regiments of cavalry, and five regiments
of artillery, no new commission shall be issued in
any regiment; and the Secretary of War is hereby
directed to consolidate regiments as rapidly as the
requirements of the public service and the reduction
in the number of officers will permit until the afore-
named minimum is reached.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Appro-
priations have now been gone through with.
Mr. WILSON. I offer an amendment from
the Committee on Military Affairs, to insert
in lieu of the second section, which has been
stricken out, the following additional sections:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That the Presi-
dent is hereby authorized and directed to reduce the
Army of the United States as rapidly as the interests
of the public service will permit, in the manner and
to the extent hereinafter specified: the number of
infantry regiments shall be reduced to thirty by con-
solidation, and no more enlistments shall be made
into the infantry or artillery until the number of
enlisted men in each regiment falls below tho mini-
mum number prescribed by law, and thereafter the
number ot enlisted men shall not cxceed the mini-
mum. No appointments of brigadier generals shall
be made until the number be rcduced to less than
eight; and thereafter there shall be but eight brig-
adier generals in the Army.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That hereafter
the term of enlistment shall be five years.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That all officers
rendered supernumerary by the provisions of this not
shall be assigned to vacancies which may occur in
their respecth o grades, and no appointments other
than graduates of tho Military Academy shall; be
made to fill vacancies in any .grade until jail su,eh
supernumerary officers'of that grade shall have been
so assigned.
Sec. r~. Andbeitfurther enacted, Thatof thefiffceen
bands now in the service, organized under the prt>-
visions of section seven of an act entitled "An act to
increase and fix the military peace establishment'xjf
the United States," approved July 28,1866,-all ei&ept
the band at the Military Academy shall be honor-
ably discharged without delay, and shall receive ful-
pa.y and allowance to th& date of such discharge:
Provided, That there shall be enlisted in each regi-
ment a chief musician, who shall be instructor of
music, with a salary of sixty dollars a month and
the allowances of a quartermaster sergeant.
I hope there will be ncr objection tb' this
amendment.
Mr. MOBRILL, of Maine. I do not know
that I rise to object.
Mr. GRIMES. This amendment is to take
the place of the second section, whic.li has been
stricken out. I think the third section ought
to be stricken out also.
Mr. WILSON. It will not do any harm to
let that stand.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine.- I will say one
word, not in the way of objection. The esti-
mates for the expenditures for the Army for
this year were about fifty-six million dollars.
The Committee on Appropriations in the House
of Representatives proposed a reduction to
$42,000,000. That was based upon the as
sumption of the probable reduction of the
Army by natural causes. The bill as it came
to the Senate from the House of Representa-
tives appropriated a fraction over $23,000,000;
but that reduction seems to have been made
during the progress of the bill upon the prob-
ability that the House of Representatives was
to adopt some measure by which the Army
should be reduced some twenty-five thousand
men, rank and file; but when the bill came to
be concluded the House failed to adopt the
proposition which reduced the Army in that
way. The Committee on Appropriations of
the Senate, looking at this state of facts, h^ve
increased the appropriations to about thirty-
four million dollars, I think. I ought to say
that that reduction is upon the assumption that
the Army from natural causes or by the future
action of Congress will be greatly reduced.
It is only upon that assumption that this sum
is deemed adequate. Now, the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs interposes
to provide for that reduction. I do not, rise to
object to it, but simply to say that if it has
been matured by the Committee on Military
Affairs and they deem it advisable I do not
object to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to strike out in
the third section, lines four and five, the words
" in the ordnance department, in the engineer
department; " so that the section will read :
That until otherwise directed by law there shall
bono new appointments and no promotions in the
Adjutant General's department, in the Inspector
General's department, in the pay department, m the
quartermaster's department, in the commissary de- j
partrnent, and in the medieai department.
The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. WILSON. I propose to add at the end [
of tbe first section the following amendment: |
For continuing and concluding the field work of
the expedition and survey of the fortieth parallel,
under the direction of the Secretary of War, $00,000.
And the Secretary of War is hereby authorized to
have prepared and published the report of the results
of the exploring expedition and survey ot the line
of the fortieth parallel: Provided, That the cost of
the same shall be defrayed out of existing appropri-
ations in the Wnr Department: And provided fur-
Thai, the letterpress work shall be done at the
Public Printing Office.
I hold in my hand a report made by the chief
of engineers, indorsed by the Secretary of War
and recommended by the General-in-Chief of
the Army, asking for $200,000 for the purpose
of military surveys in the country. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs thought, as this re-
port came here so late, that we had better not
move anamendmentcoveringthat large amount
of money ; but as this work is under way the
committee report an appropriation of $50,000
instead of S200,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL, Who is doing it ?
..Mr. WILSONc :• The snj^neer-departmeat;
Mr, GRIMES^ • ^[ should like to know iwhat
-practical? benefit tlii£i.SBrvey -of< t,he' fortieth
parallel is to bei ~v
-Mr. WILSON.- It -is a military survey of
jthe fortieth parallel. - ;
Mr. GRIMES*1 What is it for ? Is it to find
a place to build a' fort( or to find a place-for a
railroad Or a plank-toad or a wooden road?
Mr..DAVIS. I'do not understand the object
of a survey of that parallel, and I should like
the chairman ,of the Committee on' Military
'Affairs to explain it,
Mr., WILSON, I will n®t press this amend-
ment if there is any .doubt , or question about
it; but I haye here a report of General Hum-
phreys, chief of engineers, stating that a certain
an appropriation of .$200,-000 for military sur-
veys. The Secretary of Wan sends it here and
indorses it-thas i
. " The sum asked for is for military surveys, esti-
mated for in the annual estimates of the engineer's
department of the Army for .the next fiscal year, to
be transferred from the river and harbor appropri-
ation bill, in which it has been put by Congress, to
tbe Army, appropriation bill."
The river and harbor bill, which contained
thatappropriation, will probably not pass at this
session. The General-in-Chief of the Army sent
a letter to the chairman of the Committee On
Appropriations of the Hbuse of Representatives
recommending this action to Congress and sus-
taining the report of General Humphreysand
the Secretary of War. The committee thought
the sum of $200,000 was a large sum to put on
the bill for military surveys, but they thought
it well to finish the work already begun on the
fortieth parallel, and they report this appropri-
ation of $50,000 to do that and for the printing
of the report which will be made in regard to it.
I am not at all strenuous about the amendment.
If the Senate does not wish to put on this sum,
let it go.
Mr. GRIMES. I believe the Senator has
withdrawn his amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts withdraw his
amendment?
Mr. WILSON. I will do so if there is any
opposition to it. I do not care anything
about it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I did-not know
what it was for, except that I had communica-
tions for the first time sent to me to-day from
the House after they were 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the amendment to be withdrawn.
Mr. CQLE. I olfer the following amend-
ment, to come in as a proviso after the ninety-
third 'line on the fifth page of the bill:
Provided, That section seven of the act of March
2.1867, entitled "Au act making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending June
30,186S, and for other purposes,"shall be construed to
include the traveling expenses of such California and
Nevada volunteers as were honorably^ discharged by
reason of expiration of term of service, or for any
cause, at points distant from the places of enlist-
ment.
If the Senate need any explanation of this
amendment I am prepared to give it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better
have some explanation. I should like to know
something about it.
Mr. COLE. Soon after the close of the war
provision was made for the payment of the vol-
unteers in certain States who were discharged
at points distant from their place of residence
or place of volunteering. Such was the case
with the soldiers from the State of Michigan
and some other States; and in 1867, at the end
of the Army appropriation bill of that year,
there was added the following section:
" SEC 7. And be it further enacted, That the Pay-
master General be authorized to pay, under such
regulations as the Secretary of War shall prescribe!
in addition to tjie amount received by them tor the
traveling expenses of such California and Nevada
volunteers as were discharged in New Mexico, Ari-
zona, or Utah, and at points distant from tbe place
or places of enlistment, such proportionate sum, ac-
cording to the distance traveled, as have been paid
to the troops of other States similarly situated: and
such amount as shall be neeessary to pay the same is
