me
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2$,
sepfrropriftted-dut of any moseys In the Treas-
ury-Dot otherwise appropriated."
The cod^truetioiv that has been given to this
section by the Auditor's office is, that those
who were discharged by reason of the expira-
tion of their term of service were not to be
benefited by the act, which was passed for
their benefit, by reason of the omission of the
wards " discharged oa account of the expira-
tion of the term of service." This is merely
to correct the law, so that those who were
intended to be benefited by the act of March
2, 1867, may get what was then appropriated
for their benefit. It requires no new appro-
priation ; and with this explanatory section
the purpose of Congress, as exhibited in the
law of 1867, will be carried out.
I will add, in this connection, that these
soldiers discharged at these very great dis-
tances from their places of enlistment, in New
Mexico, ia Texas, and in Utah, were in many
cases utterly ruined in their attempts to get to
their places of residence ia California. Some
were able to purchase the means of convey-
ance ; but many of them were compelled to go
on foot for the want of means a distance, in
some cases, of a thousand or two thousand
miles. This amendment is to carry out the
purpose intended by the law of 1867, and I
presome there can be no objection to it by any
Senator who understands it.
- Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I want to under-
stand it. I do not know that I have any objec-
tion to it; bat I should like to know precisely
what the difference is from the act of 1867.
Mr. COLE. By the omission of the words
" discharged by reason of the expiration of the
term of service" in the law of 1867 those
soldiers were not provided for. That is the
ruling of Mr. Brodhead, the Comptroller. This
amendment will insert those words.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is the
amendment. As the law of 1867 stands it
reads:
'[ As were discharged in J^ew Mexico or Utah, and
points distant from the piace or places of enlistment."
Now I understand the amendment to be that
it is proposed to extend this rule to all such
persons as were honorably discharged at such
places.
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This law of 1867
applies to all volunteers who were discharged.
Does it not embrace them all ?
Mr. COLE. No, sir. Mr. Brodhead, the
Comptroller, construes it so as to exclude from
the benefits of the law those who were dis-
charged by reason of the expiration of their
term of service.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to move an amend-
ment as a new section to come in at the end
of the bill. I will observe that I have already
given notice to the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations of this amendment:
And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of the
treasury be authorized and required to audit and
interest accounts of Maine and Massachu-
sette lor advances made by Massachusetts, then in-
rVo'HFnr -Umted States during the war
ot isi^-15 with Great Britain, upon the basis that
the claim for those advances belonged, after the sep-
aration of the two States, one third to Maine and
two thirds to Massachusetts, and reckoning interest
at six per cent, per annum; and that he is hereby
authorised and directed to pay to Maine and Massa-
chusetts, out of any money in theTreaeury notother-
wise appropriated, such sums as he shall ascertain
to be due to those States as herein directed to be
audited and fixed: Provided, That in lieu of payment
in money the Secretary of the Treasury may. at his
discretion, issue to those States bonds of the United
States payable in thirty years and bearin? interest
at the rate of six percent, per annum, payable semi-
aanually; the principal and interest of such bonds
to be made payable ill lawful money of the United
otates.
Mr. GRIMES. I raise the point that this is
a private claim and comes within the prohibi-
of the rules of the Senate, and ought not
to be admitted. It is a question, I believe, that
has been decided half a dozen times since I
harve been fn the Senate, and ruled out that
many times.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon;
I have eighteen instances since 1864 of pre-
cisely similar cases which were put on appro-
priation bills. I hold them in my hand, lean
call attention to them, and the Senate will see
that the motion that I make now is precisely
according to the precedents.
Mr. GRIMES. If there was anybody here
who raised the point of order at the time those
propositions were submitted to the Senate and
put on to the appropriation bills, then the Sen-
ator's case would be analogous to those. It is
not only a private claim, so far as the States
are concerned, bat it is for the benefit of pri-
vate parties. The paper that the Senator him-
self submits shows it to be for the benefit of a
railroad corporation. Let me read it:
And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of the
Treasury be authorized and required to audit and
fix the interest accounts of Maine and Massachusetts
for advances made by Massachusetts, then including
Maine, for the United States during the war of 1812-15,
with Great Britain—
Before almost any man here was born—
upon the basis that the claim for these conditions
belonged, after the separation of the two States, one
third to Maine and two thirds to Massachusetts, and
reckoning interest at six per cent, per annum.
Does the Senator intend this to be compound
interest, or only simple interest?
Mr. SUMNER. Simple interest.
Mr. GRIMES. I am glad to know that.
Mr. SUMNER. It is according to the habit
of the Treasury.
Mr. GRIMES. The amendment goes on:
And that he is thereby authorized and directed to
pay to Maine and Massachusetts, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
use of the European and North American Railway
Company 
Mr. SUMNER. No, sir; for the use of the
State, to be paid to the State.
Mr. GRIMES. Has that clause been stricken
out? The mistake is certainly pardonable. I
see that a pencil-mark is drawn through the
words "for the use of the European and North
American Railway Company, to which these
interest accounts have been assigned by said
States." The amendmeut continues:
such sums as he shall ascertain to be due to these
States as herein directed to be audited and fixed:
Provided, Thatin lieu of paymentin money the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may at his discretion issue to
those States bonds of the United States payable in
thirty years, and bearing interest at the rate of six
per cent, per annum, payable semi-annually: the
principal of such bonds to bemadepayablein iawful
money of the United States.
Now, in order to avoid, as the Senator sup-
poses, the objection that may be raised that
this is a private claim for the benefit of a rail-
road corporation, a pencil-mark has been very
adroitly drawn through the words which make
that declaration ; but it is nevertheless a fact
known to every man in the States of Massachu-
setts and Maine that by a public act of the
Legislatures of those States such claim as those
States may have upon the Government for this
interest has been transferred to railroad cor-
porations. Now, the question is, whether such
claims shall be recognized here on a general
appropriation bill—claims that are so stale as
this, and which have been transferred from the
State for speculative purposes of railroad cor-
porations?
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, is this ques-
tion open to debate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Points of
order are to be decided, under the rules, with-
out debate; but it is usual to allow a statement
of the case. The Chair will not object to
hearing a statement of the case.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Iowa
has kindly called attention to a pencil-mark in
the proposition which I sent to the Chair. The
question before the Senate is according to the
draft which has been read, pencil-mark or no
pencil-mark. That has nothing to do with it.
The motion which I make is that the Senate
shall provide for the payment of the outstand-
ing interest account of Massachusetts on ac-
count of her services during the war of 1812.
Ihe question is not in any respect affected by
the consideration that Massachusetts has gen-
erously appropriated that fund to the construc-
tion of a very important railroad by whieh the
general interests of the country will be ad-
vanced. Such is the fact; and therefore,
though a Massachusetts Senator, I can plead
for this appropriation without any suspicion
of any pecuniary interest of my State. Never-
theless the money can only be obtained from
the United States through the appeal of Mas-
sachusetts and of Maine, two States of this
Union.
Now, sir, I have always understood, since I
have had the honor of being in this Chamber,
that the claim of a State was of such peculiar
character and importance that it could not be
treated as private; it was essentially public.
So has it been treated again and again. I
said that I had a list of eighteen precedents,
during and since 1851, providing upon general
appropriation bills for payment to States of
moneys expended for war purposes or interest
thereon ; and one of these very cases is to pay
Iowa moneys paid for troops called out by the
Governor in 1857, 1858, and 1859; and that
sum was moved on the Army appropriation
bill June 21, 1860. I might go through the
list. There is one, however, that is particu-
larly applicable. It is known as the Maryland
case. It appears on the bill of March 3, 1867,
" to pay Maryland iuterest upon her advances
from 1812 to 1815." That is precisely what is
proposed by the motion which I now make,
only Massachusetts is substituted for Maryland.
The Senator from Iowa nsed a strong ex-
pression when he characterized this as a " stale
claim." Sir, why is it " stale?" The claims
of Massachusetts were long outstanding. Their
first settlement was as late as 1830, but the settle-
ment was not completed until 1859. How could
there be a settlement of an interest account
until the question of the principal was determ-
ined? But this determination was not reached
till on the eve of the rebellion under which
our country suffered. Of course Massachusetts
and Maine forbore to press their claim during
the heat of the civil war : and it is only now
when peace is restored that they appear again
in this Chamber and ask that their accounts
shall be finally closed by the payment of the in-
terest which is due on their original claims.
They ask simply for the interest that has been
awarded to other-States, to all the States of this
Union ; so that at this moment I may say of
these old claims, this of Massachusetts, and
Maine of course is included under Massachu-
setts, is the only one that is now in any respect
outstanding. AH of them are closed. Close
this and you close that book of the past. The
Massachusetts claims ever since my childhood
have been more or less before the country. They
were among the topics of interest I remember
early in life, and they have continued down to
this day. This is their last echo in Congress, so
far as I, at least, can understand. Let this item
be settled and the account is finally closed.
But I have already said it is not for the
benefit of Massachusetts ; for she has already
set apart this money, when it shall be paid by
the national Government, to the completion
of a great national highway by which the com-
merce of the United States is to find a new
avenue into the British Provinces ; and so im-
portant has that avenue been regarded by those
who are entitled to speak on the subject that
it has been considered as an essential element
of the national defense. By it the United
States will be connected intimately with import-
ant and most fruitful and productive provinces.
By it the communication will be facilitated;
and should any trouble arise, of course addi-
tional opportunities would be afforded for the
national defense. It was on that account that
Massachusetts came forward and dedicated her
claim to this object.
Now, sir, it is hardly fair to call the claim
"stale;" for it could not come here properly
before this day. It comes now in the natural
course of time; tardily, I admit, but from the
nature of the case it could not appear here
before.
Sir, I have met every question of order, and
I have briefly hinted at the questions of feet or
of principle involved in the case. If there be
