1869.
THE commmoitAh blobs.
occasion for any further argument I am ready
to meet it.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not going to have any
controversy with the Senator from Massachu-
setts as to whether this be a stale claim or
not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion before the Senate is a question of order.
Mr. GRIMES. I say I am not going to argue
that question. I imagined that a claim which
had been in existence for fifty-five years, or in
other words ever since tlie boyhood of the
Senator, as he expresses it himself, might pos-
sibly have become stale.
- Mr. SUMNER. But my friend will let me
remind him that the claim for the interest began
in 1859.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator himself in his
remarks must have satisfied every candid man
here present that this is a private claim. He
admits that by a public statute both of the
•State of Massachusetts and of Maine the whole
claim of those States to this money has been
dedicated for a specific purpose, transferred,
in other words, from the States to a railroad
corporation. The States have lost all their
interest in it. Whatever claim they may have
had themselves they have transferred to that
railroad corporation, and it is for their benefit
simply, in the name of the States, that this
claim is now asked. There are $700,000, I
am told by a citizen of the State of Maine,
involved in the proposition.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question? Does he remem-
ber how much this same railway company re-
ceived last year by an appropriation for squat-
ters' claims under the treaty of Washington?
Mr. GRIMES. I really do not know, but
we have been paying claims growing out of
the northeastern boundary, interest accounts,
and one thing and another of that kind, to
Maine and Massachusetts ever since I have
been here, and I think almost since the boy-
hood of my friend, the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. I am very happy, though, to know
from the Senator that this is the last claim
Massachusetts has against the Government
growing out of the war of 1812.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must remind Senators that this is a question
of order on which the merits of the claim
cannot be discussed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say one word
on the question of order. The Senator from
Iowa dwells with very considerable force on
the fact that this claim has been transferred
so that the equitable ownership of it is now in
a company. It is nevertheless a claim of
Massachusetts and Maine ; and because they
have given the ownership of it or the equitable
interest in it to the advancement of a public
work in one of the States, I do not see that
that changes the fact in regard to its being a
public claim, if it was so before.
The point that is taken is a point of law that,
although this may be a just claim on the part
of Massachusetts and Maine due to those
States, and although it may be a public claim
on their part, yet, inasmuch as the two States
have dedicated the equitable ownership of it
to a great public work, and a national work
also, that takes it out of the rule. Did any-
body ever hear anything more absurd than
that?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The Secre-
tary will read the rule under which the point
of order is made by the Senator from Iowa.
The Chief Clerk read Rule 30, as follows:
"30. No amendment proposing additional appro-
priations shall be received to any general appropria-
tion bill unless it bo made to carry out the provisions
of some existing law, or some act or resolution pre-
viously passed by the Senate during that session, or
moved by direction of a standing or select committee
of the Senate, or in pursuance of an estimate from
thohead of someofthcDepartments ; and no amend-
ment shall bo received whose object is to provide for
a piivate claim, unless it be to carry out the provis-
ions of an existing law or treaty stipulation.''
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
w ill ask the Clerk to read the latter part of the
sixth rule.
XheChief Clerk read ag follows: -
"And every question of order shall be deeided by
the Presiding Officer, without debate, subject to an
appeal to the Senate; and the Presiding Officer may
call for the sense of the Senate on any question of
order."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Pre-
siding O fficer is only in the ehair for the moment,
and will submit this question, therefore, to the
Senate under the rule that has just been read.
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been repeatedly
held that a claim made by a State for money
past due on an old debt, even of a year old, an
approved debt, to use a legal phrase, is a pri
vate claim. It has been repeatedly so held in
the Senate. It makes no difference whether
the money is due to a State or an individual.
In this case the money is due to a railroad
company; it is in the name of a State, but it
is due to a private person or to a series of pri-
vate persons called a corporation ; andithas
been held that claims made by a State stand in
no better attitude, so far as this rule is con-
cerned, than a claim made by an individual.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator be good
enough to state where it has been so held ? I
have eighteen instances to the contrary.
Mr. SHERMAN. The question comes upon
us suddenly, and I am not prepared with the
cases. Now, what is an appropriation bill? It
is to provide for the future service of the Gov-
ernment ; to carry into effect existing laws; to
appropriate the necessary money to enable the
executive officers to execute the laws. That
is an appropriation bill, and the reason of this
rule is to exclude from a general appropriation
bill the payment of past liabilities to private
parties, to States, or to individuals. There-
fore the rule forbids and discourages all these
amendments.
As a matter of course, if this amendment is
received as in order, it will open a wide lati-
tude of debate. I hold in my hand a printed
document of thirty-four pages, containing a
majority and minority report on the subject in
the House of Representatives. I know some
of the parties who are interested in this rail-
road. I have looked into it so far as my time
will allow me. This claim, as stated by one
of the parties, involves $350,000, and from
that up, as I get it from a member of the House,
to $700,000. It is only part of a series of
claims amounting to over $2,500,000 trans-
ferred by the States of Maine and Massachusetts
to a railroad company. This particular claim
for interest is selected from among four claims
to be presented as an amendment to an appro-
priation bill. It is manifest that if we are to
enter into this discussion we shall lose sight of
the Army appropriation bill, and engage in a
wide latitude of debate about a claim that has
now gone on for fifty years without payment.
It is a claim for payment made during the war
of 1812, the last of which must have been
made in 1815 ; consequently the junior claim
is fifty-three years old.
Under the circumstances, at this period of
the session, if we do not enforce the rule
strictly it will involve us in great difficulty.
I have felt disposed, from an examination of
the papers, to look upon this claim as favor-
ably as I could ; but to offer it as an amend-
ment to the appropriation bill will only lead
other Senators to offer other propositions which
may be reported from the committees, and we
shall be involved not only in the consideration
of theArmy appropriation bill,but in an infinite
number of private claims. I therefore intend
to stand by the rule.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The first rule read
makes an exception of claims to carry out
existing laws. All the payments that have been
made to Massachusetts have been made by law,
as a matter of course and of necessity, to pay
Massachusetts so much money with interest,
and interest has been paid. Now what is this
question? This question is simply nothing
more than this: the computation of interest in
carrying out these laws for the payment of the
claim of Massachusetts was wrongly made ;
that is alt. Massachusetts by law was ordered
to be paid her claim, with interest. \ pry well, i
This calls foi recompuUtion, and why ?- .^Sfhat
is the simple principle? It As that when thaw
payments were made interest had accrued to
the State. For instance, it .went on up to the
year 1880, when the fiESt payment was made;
when that money was received on the elaitn it
was carried tp the payment of the principal,,
and no notice whatever was taken of the inter?
est. So of the second payment, so of the
third, and so of the fourth, if there were so many;
I am not familiar with the number. How do
you compute interest on a note of hand? Sap-
pose I was unfortunate enough to. owe my
friend from Iowa $1,000; if it ran for a oonple
of years, and I paid him $100 on account,,!
reckon he would take out the interest first, and
not credit it on the principal. That is the way
interest is computed in courts of justice.
I have carried this proposition through the
Senate three or four times myself on that very
principle, that the computation made at the
Treasury was wrong. ' The proposition has
passed the Senate, and I thick once on an
appropriation bill. The equity and right of
it could not be disputeij, and iiever h.as been.
Congress in several cases, one of which was
the case of Maryland, which was a striking
case, ordered the recomputation upon that
express ground, that the payments had been
carried to the principal instead of first taking
out the interest.
All these payments were made under exist-
ing laws to pay Massachusetts principal and
interest; and now we say this is to carry out
the law by having the interest correctly com-
puted; it directs a recomputation by which
Massachusetts will get what is due to her.
That is all there is in the amendment, and now
I put that as showing that this proposition
comes strictly under the rule to carry out an
existing law. That is the state of it precisely.
Mr. CONKLING. To what law does the
Senator refer?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I allude to the laws
that have been passed from time to time to pay
Massachusetts the amount due to her. Of
course those payments could not be made
without law. I cannot, at this moment, turn
to the statutes; but the Senator knows very
well that payment could never have been made
without an appropriation made by law; and it
has always been held that an appropriation, so
far as that is concerned, is to be considered as
a law, for it is a law.
Mr. CONKLING. I understood the Senator
to say that there was an existing law requiring
the payment of this interest.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; not this parti-
cular interest, but payment of the claim of
Massachusetts against the United States with
interest—a certain sum of money; and the in-
terest has been computed as coming under
those laws. The only question I make is that
it has been wrongly computed, that the law has
not been carried out, the claim has not been
paid, for the reason that Massachusetts did not
get the interest she was entitled to under those
appropriations made for her benefit.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I should
not say another word—my voice hardly allows
me to speak—but for the singular ground taken
by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
In the first place he cries out against this mo-
tion because he says it will cause debate. Why
will it cause debate? I do not believe it. ^1
believe that the moment it is decided to be in
order, and I can see no other conclusion of the
question, it will be found that there is no occa-
sion for debate, its intrinsic equity will be so
apparent. „
Then the Senator, following the Senator from
Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] reminds us of the antiquity
of the claim. Sir, I deny it in & just sense m
this argument. The claim for interest is only
since 1859. It was in 1859 that the last appro-
priation was made on account of the claims of
Massachusetts. I have already remarked that
soon after that the country became involved in
difficulties, and Massachusetts was in no mood
to appear here as a petitioner for interest on an
ancient claim.-
