768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
post route in ALABAMA.
Mr. BU-pKLEY.also introduced a bill (H.
R. No, 1823) to establish a certain post route
in the State of Alabama; which was read a
firstand second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
railroad land grant in alabama.
Mr.. PIERCE presented a joint'resolution of
the Legislature of the State of Alabama, ask-
ing a grftnt of Jthe public .lands to the New Or-
leans and Selma Railroad Company and Immi-
gration Association ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
election op president, etc.
Mr. SPALDING introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. K. No. 428) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States in
respect to the mode of choosing the electors
of President and Vice President and Represent-
atives in Congress,"
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I ask to h^ve the joint
resolution read.
The joint resolution was accordingly read.
It proposes the following amendment to the
Constitution: '
"art.—. as the most eligible reode^of obtaining a
full and fair expression of the will,o.f the people in
the clioice of President and Vice President and
Representatives in Congress, it shallbe the duty of
Congress at its first session after each decennial cen-
sus to divide the"several States into electoral and
congressional districts, the electoral disti icts equaling
in number the Senators and Representatives in said
States respectively in Congress and the congressional
districts equaling the Representatives m the saino
body. Said districts shall be formed as nearly as may
be with an equal amount of population, and bo made
up of counties and parts of counties, parishes or other
subdivisions contiguous to each other. JKaeh of said
electoral districts thus formed shall quadreniallv
choose an elector of President and Vice President of
the United States, and each congressional district
shall biennially choose one Representative to the Con-
gress of the United States; the time, place, and man-
ner of holding such elections of electors and liepre-
sentatives t'o'Be prescribed by Congress.
The joint resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Revis-
ion of Laws of the United States, and ordered
to he printed.
ciikkoke15 neutral lands.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The gentle-
man from Kansas [Mr. clarice] designed to
introduce a bill this morning, but he is de-
tained by indisposition. It is the same bill
referred to in my speech on that subject a few
days since in t.he House. It is a bill (H. R.
No. 1826) relative to the Cherokee neutral
lands.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
drafted men.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1827) for the relief of certain drafted
men, approved February 28, 1867 ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
eleanor starling.
Mr. VAN TRUMP introduced a bill (Ii.
R. No. 1828) granting a pension to Eleanor
Starling, mother of Cephas C. Starling, de-
ceased, late in the telegraph military service
of the United States; whicli was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
william canaday.
Mr. VAN TRUMP also introduced a bill
(H.R. No. 1829) granting a pension to William
Canaday, as guardian of the minor children
of Charles H. B. King, deceased, and for the
use and benefit, of said minor children ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
c.onrad seaman.
Mr. VAN TRUMP also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1830) granting a pension to Conrad
Seaman; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
LINCOLN MONUMENT ASSOCIATION.
Mr. GARFIELD introduced a bill (EE. R.
No. 1831) to authorize the Secretary of War
to place at the disposal of the National'Lincoln
Monument Association, at Springfield, dam-
aged and captured ordnance; w*hich was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military AfFairs, and ordered to be
printed.
fox and wisconsin biters.
Mr. MULLINS presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Wisconsin, praying Con-
gress to-make appropriations to improve the
navigation of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers;
which was referred to the, Committee on Com-
merce. ' i-
harbor at michigan city.
Mr. ORTH presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of Indiana, relative to the har-
bor at Michigan City; which, was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
monitors for tiih greek government.
Mr. SHANKS introduced(a joint resolution
(II. R. No. 429) directing the Secretary of the
Navy to deliver possession of title without cost
to the Greek Government, through its accred-
ited minister to this Government, the two mon-
itors Miantonomuli and Agamenticus in the
condition and where they now lie in the harbor,
and to be without further cost to the United
States: which was read a first and second
time,'and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
william s. mitchell.
Mr. COBURN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1832) for the relief of William S. Mitchell;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
conversion of gold into currency.
Mr. JUDD introduced a bill (Ii. R. No.
1833) to regulate the method of converting gold
into currency, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second tinje, referred to
the Committee on Banking and Currency, and
ordered to be printed.
lieutenant thomas paul.
Mr. HARDING introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1834) for the relief of Lieutenant Thomas Paul,
late of the eleventh Illinois cavalry; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
central pacific railroad.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented concurrent res-
olutions of the Legislature of the State of Mis-
souri, on the subject of the Central Pacific rail-
road ; which were referred to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad.
CELERITY OF THE POSTAL SERVICE.
Mr. DRIGGS introduced a bil\(H. R. No.
1805) to promote the celerity of the postal
service; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
michigan railroads.
Mr. DRIGGS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1880) granting the right'of way through
the lands of the United States for the construc-
tion of a railroad from the shores of Green Bay
to the iron mines in the county of Menomonee,
iu the State of Michigan, and aid in the con-
struction thereof; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Mr. DRIGGS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1837) to enable the Jackson, Lansing, and
Saginaw Railroad Company to change the
northern terminus of its road, and to extend
the same to Marquette, in the State of Michi-
gan ; which was read a first and second' time,
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
lands in michigan.
Mr. DRIGGS also introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 430) confirming the location
and purchase of certain lands in the State of
Michigan; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committed on the
Public Lands.
wagon-roads in michigan.
Mr. DRIGGS also introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. II. No. 431) concerning certain lands
granted to the State of Michigan to aid iu the
construction of certain wagon roads; which
was read a first and second timo, and referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
william  . scott.
Mr. LOUGIIRIDGE introduced a bill (!I.
R. No. 1838) for the relief of William F. Scott,
late adjutant fourth Iowa cavalry volunteers;
which was read a-first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
supreme court of district of Columbia.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa,, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1839) to increase the number of
justices of the supreme court of the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes ; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and, with the accompanying papers,,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
fox and wisconsin rivers.
Mr. COBB presented the memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Wisconsin, for the
improvement of the'navigation of the Fox and
Wisconsin rivers ; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
san diego and fort yc3ia railroad.
Mr. HIGBY introduced la bill (H. R. No.
1840) granting aid in the construction of the
San Diego and Gila Southern Pacific and At-
lantic railroad, from the harbor of San Diego to
the Colorado river, near Fort Yuma, Colorado ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Commitsee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
san francisco, california.
Mr. HIGBY also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1841) to relinquish the interest of the Uni-
ted States in certain lands to the city and
county of San Francisco; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
navigation of the mississippi.
Mr. DONNELLY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1842) to secure the navigation of the Mis-
sissippi river above the Falls of St. Anthony ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
mrs. jane gilbert.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1843) granting a pen-
sion to Mrs. Jane Gilbert; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
postal service in new mexico.
Mr. CLEVER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1844) to establish certain post offices and post
routes in the Territory of New Mexico ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
columbia river railroad.
Mr. FLANDERS introduced a bill,(H. R.
No. 1845) to incorporate-the Columbia River
Railroad Company which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
southern pacific railway.
Mr. TIFT introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1846) in amendment of the Denver Pacific
Railway and Telegraph Company, providing
for the Southern Atlantic, Gulf, and Pacific
railway, and for other purposes ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
o. w. m'cord and G. C. BESTOR.
Mr. LOGAN introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 432) for the relief of Charles W.
MeCord and George C. Bestor; whieh was
read a first and second tim£, and- referred to
the Committee of Claims.
