1869s,
THE4 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
m
BANKRUPT T,AW.
Mr. LOGAN also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1847) amendatory of tlie bankrupt law;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Revision of Laws
of the United States.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. INGERSOLL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1848) supplementary-to an act entitled
"'An act to provide a national currency secured
by pledge of United States bonds, and to pro-
vide for the circulation and redemption there-
of,'' approved June 80, 1864, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee qf Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
MRS. LUCY BROWN.
Mr. BLACKBURN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1849) granting a pension to Lucy Brown,
widow of William Brown; which was read a
first and second time, and, with the accom-
panying papers, referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
BED RIVER RAILROAD. ,
Mr. ELLIOTT, of Arkansas, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 1850) granting to the State of
Arkansas public lands.in alternate sections to
aid in the construction of the Mississippi
Washita, and Red river railroad, from Eunice
ou the Mississippi river, via M'onticello, War
ren, Camden, and Fulton, in the State of Ark
ansas; which was read a first and second time
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands
and ordered to be printed.
CORONER OP WASHINGTON.
Mr. VAN AERNAM introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1851) defining the nature and extent
of the duties and powers of the coroner of the
county of Washington, in the District of Co-
lumbia, and prescribing his fees and the man-
ner of their collection ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of. Columbia.
LEAGUE ISLAND.
Mr. MYERS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1852) to appropriate $200,000 for fitting up
League Island as a naval station ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
ORDER Of BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. There being no other bills
or jomtresolutionsforreference, tlie remainder
of the morning hour will be devoted to the
consideration of resolutions, during which call
bills and joint resolutions will also' be in order,
commencing with the State of Indiana, where
the call rested at the expiration of the morn-
ing hour on Monday last.
ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION TO CLERKS, ETC
Mr. KERR introdaced arid called the pre-
vious question upon a joint resolution (H. It.
No. 433) allowing additional compensation to
certain persons in the civil service of the Gov-
ernment at Washington ; which was read a first
and second time.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the clerks, messengers, watchmen,
and laborers, or other persons, male or female,
now employed at Washington, District of
Columbia, at a salary fixed by law or by regu-
lations of a Department, ia the State, Treas-
ury, War, Navy, Interior, Agricultural and
Post Office Departments, including the Attor-
ney General's office and city post office, and the
bureansorbranches of the several Departments
herein named, who are paid at a rate not ex-
ceeding $2,000 per annum, shall be allowed an
additional compensation of ten per cent, on
the amount Of salary or pay received or that
shall be received by them respectively during
the past and present fiscal year, such additional
compensation to be paid out of any money that
may be appropriated for the purpose.
Mr. MULLINS. I move that this resolution
be laid on the table.
Mr. WARD. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
40th Cong. 3d Bess..—No, 49,
The yeas and nays were ordered. • '
Mr. PRUYN. I would like to inquire whether
this resolution refers to the past liscal year or
whether 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The^ question was taken on the motion to lay
the joint resolution on the table; and it was
decided iu the affirmative—yeas <9, nays 74,
not voting 60; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Allison, Ames, Bailey, Baker,
Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham,
Blackburn, BoutwelJ, Bowen, Boyden, Bromweil,
Broomall, Buckland, Buckley, Caliis, Cobb, Coburn,
Covode, Cullom, IMano, Donnelly, Egglesfon, Eia,
Fields, Fox, Getz, Haight, Harding, Hawkins, Hol-
mun, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hul-
burd, Humphrey, Hunter, Ingersoll, Judd, Julian,
Kelley, Kelsey, Ketcham, Koontz, Luflin. Lash, "Wil-
liam Lawrence, Loughridge, Maya rd, McKee, Mer-
cur, Moore, Muhins, Newcorob, Newshnm, Nunn,
OrthfRaum, Sawyer, Seoliekl, Shanks, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stover, Upson, Van Acrnam, Burt "Van
Horn, Vidal, Ward. Cad waladerC. Washburn. Elihu
B. Washburne, William B. Washburn. Welker,
Whittemore, William. Williams, James F. Wilson,
and Windom—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ash-
ley, AxtelK Baldwin, Banks, Beck, Boyer, Brooks,
Burr, Cake, Cary, Chanler* Clift, Corley, Dewoese,
Dickey; Dockery, Driggs, French, GlosSbronner,
Golladay, G'oss, Gove, Grover, Hamilton Haughey,
Higby, Jiotfcbkiss, Jenckes, Johnson, Thomas L.
Jones, Kerr, Knott, George V. Lawrence, Lincoln,
Mallory, Marshall, Miller, Moorhend, Mungcn,
Myers, Niblack, Nicholson, Norris, O'Neill, Paine,
Perham, Phelps, Price. Pruvn, Randall, Robertson,
Robinson, Roots, Schonck,Shellabargcr, Sitgrenves,
Spalding, Stoker, Stone, Taber, Taffe, Tift. John
Trimble, Trowbridge. Twiehell, Van Auken, Robert
T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Henry D. Washburn,
Stephen F. Wilson, Woodbridge, Woodward, and
Young:—7-i.
NOT V OTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer,
Arncll, Barnes, Barnum, Blaine, Blair. Boles, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Churchill,
Reader W., Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Cornell,
Dawes, Dixon. Dodcre, Eefelcy, Edwards, Eldridge,
Thom«s D. Eliot, Jame« T. Elliott, Farnsworth,
Ferriss, Ferry, Garfield. Gravely, Griswold, Uaisey,
Ilea ton,. Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard,Richard D. Hub-
bard, Alexander II. Jones. Kellogg. Kitchen. Loan,
Logan, Lynch, Marvin, McCarthy. McCormick, Mc-
Cullough, Morrell. Morrissey, Peters, Petti?, Piefco,
Pike,Pile, Plants, Poland, Poisiey, Pomcroy.Prince,
Ross.Selye.Smith.Stewart,Syphcr. Taylor. Thomas,
Lawrence H. Trimble, VanWyek, Thomas Williams,
John T. Wilson, and Wood-G9.
So the joint resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. LOtJGrHRlDGE moved to reconsider
the vote just taken ; and aiso moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message 3?ltom this senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed bills of the following titles, with
amendments; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
An act (H. 11. No. 1564) making appropri-
ations for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States for the year end-
ing Jun6 30, 1870;
An act (II. R. No. 1596) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1870; and
An act (H. R. No. 1599) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1870.
san domingo.
Mr. ORTH introduced a joint resolution (II.
R. No. 434) relative to San Domingo; which
was read a first and second time.
• Mr. ORTH. Without wishing to debate this
resolution, T desire to state that it has the ap-
probation of a large majority of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs. I call for the previous
question.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the territory belonging to the Do-
minican Republic shall, upon the application
of the Government and people of said republic,
be admitted in&> the union as a territory of
the United States, to be called the Territory
of San Domingo, upon the conditions and in
the manner following: first, the people of that
republic shall adopt a republican form of ter-
ritorial government, by deputies in convention
assembled for that purpose; second, such ac-
tion by the people shall be with the consent
and cooperation of the existing Government of .
said republic; thixd, such form of government |
shall thereafter be submitted to the Congress I
of the United States for their approval; fourth,
the admission of said territory, shall be made
with a view to an ultimate establishment <of a
State government republican in for.m in and
over the said territory in conformity, to the
Constitution of the United States and with the
approval of Congress. ,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Daes the
gentleman propose to put this matter through
under the previous question ?
The SPEAICRR. Under the call of the
States for resolutions they must be passed, if
at all, without debate. '
Mr. PRUYN. I would like to offer a sub-
stitute for the proposition.
Mr. ORTH. I decline.
Mr. HOLM AN. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. RANDALL. Is this resolution accom-
panied by any report setting forth the facts in
the case?
Mr. ORTH. No, sir.
Mr. RANDALL. 'Is tb^re anything to show
what makes this acquisition of territory desir-
able, or are we to go.it blind? . '
Mr. PRTJYN.. I-hope the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Orth] will allow me to have my
proposed substitute read.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I would inquire if it is
proposed to gag the House on so important a
proposition as this?
The SPEAKER* The gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Orth,] who is entitled to the floor,
demands the previous question, and his col-
league £Mr. HouianJ moves tQlay the resolu-
tion 'on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. - If my colleague will allow
the substitute of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Puuyn] to be offered I will with-
draw mv motion.
Mr. ORTH. I decline.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I insist upon the
motion to lay the resolution on the table.
On laying the resolution on the table there
were—ayes 98, noes 36.
Mr. ORTJL I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 110, nays 03, not vot-
ing 49; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Araes/Delo-s R. Ashley, Axtell, Bai-
ley, Baker, Baldwin, Beaman,Beatty, Beck; Boitton,
Bingham, Blaine, BoutwelJ, Buydon, Boyer, Brom-
weil, Biooks, Burr, Cnry; 'Coriey, Covode, Dawes,
Dockery, DrigRS, Egerleston, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Fields, Fox, Getz.Glossbrenner, Golladay, Goss, Gro-
ver,IIaight, Hamilton. Hawkins. IIo]man, Hopkins,
Hotehkiss.Chester D. Hubbard. Hulburd,Humphrey,
Jenckcs,Johnson, Alexander H.Jones, Thomas L,
Jones, judd, KelloKg, Kerr,Ketcham, Knott, Laflin,
Lash, George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Loughridge,
Mallory, Marshall, Marvin, Mercur, Miller, Moore;
Moorhead, Mungen, NiWack; Nicholson, Nunnj
O'Neill. Paine. Perhani, Peters, Phelps,, Polsl^y,
Price, Pruyn, Randall. Raum, Robinson, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scolield, Shellabarger, Sitgrfeares, Spald-
ing, Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes, -Stone, Stover,
Tabor. Taffe, Tift, John Trimble, Trowbridgo. Up-
son, Van Aernara. Van Auken, Burt Van Horn,
Van Trump, Oadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B.
Washburne. William B. Washburn, Welker,Thomas
Williams, Willicm Willimins, James B\ Wilson, Win-
dom. Woodbridge, and Young—110. ,
NAYS—Messrs. Amell, James M. Ashley, Banks,
Benjamin,Blackburn, Boles, Bowen, Brooma il. Buck-
land, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Caliis, Chanler*
Cliff, Cobb, Coburn, Cullom, Delano, Deweese,
Dickey, Donnelly, Ela, Thomas D. Eliot, James 1.
Elliott., French,Gove, Gravely, Harding, Hffughey,
Higby, Hooper, Hunter, Ingersoll, Juttam Kelley,
Koontz, William Lawreuce, Loan, Logan,Maynard*
McKee, MulUns, Myers, Newcoinb, Kewsham, Nor-
ris, Orth, Pierce. Plauts, Prince, Robertson, Roots,
Selye, Shanks, Stewart, Twichjell, Robert T. Van
Horn, Vidal, Ward, Henry D. Washburn. Whitte-
more, Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodward—03.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ander-
son, Archer, Barnes, Barnum, Blair, Roderick R.
Butler, Cake, ChurcfiiJi, Reader W.'Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cook, Cornell, Dixon, Dodge, Eekley, Ed-
wards. Eldridge, Ferry, Gariieid, Griswold, IXalsey,
Ileaton. Hill, Anahel W. Hubbard. Ric-hnrdD. Hub-
bard, Kelseh Kitohen, Lynch, McCarthy, MeCor-
raiek, McCultough, Morreli, Morrissey, Pettis, Pike,
Pile, Poland, Pomeroy, Ross. Smith,Byphcr, Taylor,
Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble. Van Wyck, John T.
Wilson, and Wood—49.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
just taken: and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
