1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GM
1
Mr. GRIMES. Business from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. RAMSEY. Nothing can be done now,
as I understand the rule, but take a recess.
Tbe time has arrived.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the
order of the Senate it becomes the duty of the
Chair to announce that the Senate now take a
recess from four o'clock until seven o'clock,
the evening to be devoted to bills from the
Military Committee.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock p.m.
brevet commissions.
^ Mr. WILSON. I move to take up for con-
sideration House bill No. 273.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 273) to amend lhe
act of April 10, 1806, for establishing rules
and articles for the government of the armies
of the United States. The bill proposes to
repeal the sixty-first article of an act for
establishing rules an<i. articles for the govern-
ment of the Armies of the United States,
approved April 10, 1806, and to provide that
hereafter commissions by brevet shall only be
conferred in time of war and for distinguished
conduct and public service in presence of the
enemy, aud all brevet commissions are to bear
date from the particular action or service for
which the officer was breveted.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
gettysburg and antietam cemeteries.
Mr. WILSON. I move now to take up Sen-
ate joint resolution No. 119.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 119)
authorizing the Secretary of War to take charge
of the G ettysburg and Antietam national ceme-
teries. It is a direction to the Secretary of
War to accept and take charge of the Soldiers'
National Cemetery at Gettysburg, Pennsylva-
nia, and the Antietam National Cemetery at
Sharpsburg, Maryland, whenever the commis-
sioners and trustees having charge of those
cemeteries are ready to transfer their care to
the General Government; and when they are
placed under the control of the Secretary of
War they are to be taken care of and maintained
in accordance with the provisions of the act of
Congress entitled "An act to establish and pro-
tect national cemeteries," approved February
22, 1867. _
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
fort snelling reservation.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up Sen-
ate resolution No. 211.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 211)
for setting apart a portion of the Fort Snelling
military reservation for a permanent military
post and the settlement of all claims in relation
thereto. The resolution proposes to empower
the Secretary of War to select and quiet the title
to so much of the military reservation of Fort
Snelling as the public interest may require for
a permanent military post, and to settle all
ciaims for that reservation and its use and
occupation upon principles of equity.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
aud passed.
satjlt ste. marie reservation.
_ Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
bill No. 1489, grantinga portion of the military
reservation at Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, to
the American Baptist Home Mission Society.
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 96.
The motion was agreed to J and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to authorize the Secretary 9F War to
convey to the American Baptist Home Mission
Society, by good and sufficient title, a portion
of the military reservation at Sault Ste. Marie,
in the State of Michigan, not to exceed one
acre, now occupied by a mission building owned
by the society.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
submarine telegraph cable.
Mr. STEWART. Yesterday, on my motion,
the House of Representatives was requested
to return to the Senate the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 228) authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to admit free of duty certain subma-
rine telegraph cable. It has been returned ;
and Inow move to reconsider the vote by which
that joint resolution was passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
will be entered.
absent officers.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
joint resolution No. 201.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 201) to
drop from the rolls of the Army officers absent
without leave. It is an authorization to the
President of the United States to drop from the
rolls of the Army for desertion the following-
named officers: Second Lieutenant Daniel
Hitchcock, fifth cavalry; Second LieutenantW.
G. McKay, twenty-ninth infantry, and any other
officers who are now oi may hereafter be absent
from duty three months without leave; and
any officer so dropped is to forfeit all pay and
allowances due or to become due, and not to
be eligible for reappointment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
if it requires an act of Congress to drop these
men?
Mr. WILSON. It cannot be done without an
actofCongressunless they are court-martialed.
We passed an act last year and dropped some
from the Army, and here are men who cannot
be found in the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Cannot they be stricken
off without a special act?
Mr. WILSON. They cannot; but this bill
allows it hereafter to be done without a spe-
cial act.
Mr. TR UMBULL. I have no objection to it.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
freedmen's hospitals.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 9G0.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 960) relatingto freedmen's
hospitals. It proposes to direct the Commis-
sioner of the Bureau of Refugees and Freemen
to continue the freedmen's hospitals at Rich-
mond, Virginia ; Vicksburg, Mississippi ; New
Orleans, Louisiana; and in the District of
Columbia, including the asylum for aged and
infirm freedmen and for orphan children, but
the expanse thereof is to.be paid by the Com-
missioner out of moneys heretofore appropri-
ated for the use of the bureau, and the hospi-
tals are to be discontinued on the 30th day of
June next, or as soon thereafter as may be prac-
ticable, in the discretion of the President of the
United States. The bill further provides that the
second section of the act entitled " An act relat-
ing to the Freedmen's Bureau and providing for
its discontinuance," passed on the 25th day of
July, 1868, shall be so construed that the educa-
tional department of the bureau aud the col-
lection and payment by the Commissioner of
the bureau of moneys due to colored soldiers,
sailors, and marines, or their heirs, shall be
continued until otherwise ordered by act of
Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered" to bl engrossed fhr "&
third reading read the third time, and passes'.
army judge advocates.
Mr. WILS6N. I move to take up -House
bill 'No. 1487.
The motion was agreed to ; arid the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (ff. R. No. 1487) to declare
and fix the status of the corps of judge advo-
•cates of the Army. The preamble to the bill
declares that doubts have arisen whether the
judge advocates of the Army, though originally
commissioned in the regular service, constitute
a permanent corps in which vacancies may be
filled, and that it is expedient that the corps
be made permanent and that vacancies be filled
therein ; and the bill provides that the corps
of judge advocates of the Army be fixed at
twelve members, including the Judge Advo-
cate General and an assistant judge advocate
general, and authorizes the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to
fill all vacancies which have occurred or may
hereafter occur therein.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There are
two a'mendments reported by. the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to strike out the
whole bill and to insert—
That the department of judge advocates of the
Army be, and the same is, fixed at ten members; and
tho President is hereby authorized, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to fill all vacancies
which may have occurred or may hereafter occur
therein.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move now to strike out
the preamble.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs to explain
the provisions of the bill.
Mr. WILSON. It is a House bill that comes
here, which provides for the appointment of
what is called a corps of judge advocates, and
provides that it shall consist of twelve persons.
The amendment provides that it shall not be
called a corps like the corps of engineers, but
a department; and provides for striking out
the preamble and to amend the title so that it
will simply declare and fix the status of judge
advocates. It makes two less than the House
proposed, and I think they can get along with
ten.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs inform
the Senate how many of these judge advocates
there were before the war?
Mr. WILSON. I cannot. There was a Judge
Advocate, but how many persons were em-
ployed I do not know; but that kind of work
has enormously increased, and there is an im-
mense quantity ofit to do. We cut off two from
what the House proposed.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill wus read the third time, and passed.
Its title was amended, on motion of Mr.
Wilsox, to read, "A bill to declare and fix the
status of judge advocates of the Army."
twelfth kentucky band.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
joint resolution No. 72.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 72) for
the relief of John M. Broome and others^ the
band of the twelfth Kentucky infantry. The
preamble of the resolution states that John
Martin Broome, leader of the band ot the twelfth
regiment Kentucky volunteer infantry and
Adam Skilling, Christian Kuboz, George Scott,
and Rudolf Vanderan, musicians of the first
class, George Hoeflinger, Peter Oehlschlager,
John Eck, and Philip Weis, musicians of the
second class, ant! Alvis Berg and Philip Her-
mann, (the last named having died in hospital
on the 31st of March, 1802,) musicians of the
