770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
naturalization laws.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of the unfinished business pend-
ing at the adjournment on last Saturday after-
noon. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ross]
just previous to the adjournment offered the
following resolution, which was agreed to:
Reiofved. That the Committee on Revision of Laws
of the United States be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of so amending tho naturalization laws as
to enable foreigners coming to this country with the
intention of making a permanent residence therein to
become naturalized and enjoy all the rights and pri-
vileges of citizens of the United States in one year
after arriving in the United States: and that said
committee report by bill or otherwise.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Robin-
son] moved to reconsider the vote by which
the resolution was agreed to; and the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table,
the effect of which, if carried, will be to leave
the resolution with the committee.
Mr. ROBINSON. UpOn thai motion I .de-
mand the yeas and nays, unless the gentleman
will withdraw it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Is a motion
to suspend the rules in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is notthe unfinished
business must first be disposed of.
Mr. ROBINSON. I do not want to occupy
the time of the House now, but I should like
to make a few remarks hereafter when the
appropriation bills are disposed of.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the subject be notlaid
on the table will the resolution be open to
amendment, so as to provide for sending natu-
ralization papers abroad from New York to be
used in advance of the arrival of emigrants?
[Laughter.]
Mr. ROBINSON. I repeat that I do not
wish to take up time now, but, after the appro-
priation bills are disposed of I snail wish to
make a few remarks on this subject, when I
will answer the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck. ] I call for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.*
The motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
appropriation bills.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 desire
the unanimous consent of the House to take
from the Speaker's table three appropriation
bills which have just comeback from the Sen-
ate. They are the pension bills, to which there
are two amendments, in which the Committee
on Appropriations recommend a concurrence;
the Military Academy bill, with two amend-
ments, in which the committee also recommend
a concurrence; and the naval appropriation bill,
which they wish referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
No objection was made.
pension appropriation bill.
The amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 1564) making appropriations for
the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States for the year ending June 30,
1870, were taken from the Speaker's table and
read, as follows:
In line seven strike out'* ten " boforo " million "
and insert "nine; " so as to mnke the clause read:
" for invalid pensions under various acts. $9,000,000."
In line twenty-three strike out " thirteen" belore
" million " and insert " ten."
Mr. BROOKS. What are the amendments?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Sen-
ate has made two amendments reducing the
amount $4,000,000. Tho Committee on Ap-
propriations recommend a concurrence.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the amendments
were concurred in ; and also moved that the
ipotiqn to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
The amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 159fj) making appropriations for
the support of the Military Academy for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1870, were then
taken from the Speaker's table and read, as
follows':
Page 1,1 ines fifteen and sixteen, strike out" $57,000"
and insert in lieu thereof "#61,930."
Page 2, strike out lines eighteen and nineteen, as
follows: "for addition to soldiers' hospital, $2,000."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ The Sen-
ate have increased one appropriation nearly
$5,000 and reduced another $2,000. The
Committee on Appropriations recommend a
concurrence in the amendments of the Senate.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the amendments
were concurred in; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
naval appropriation bill.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illi-
nois, the amendments of the Senate to House
bill No. 1699, making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30,1870,
were taken from the Speaker's table by unan-
imous consent and referred to the Committee
oq Appropriations.
patent office deficiency.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I ask unan-
imous consent of the House to take up and
pass a deficiency appropriation bill making'an
appropriation for the payment of the employes
of the Patent Office for the months of January
and February, 1869. It will be merely antici-
pating a portion of the deficiency which will
be reported at a later day. The whole amount
heretofore appropriated for the purpose has
been exhausted, and there is now nothing to
pay the employ6s of the Patent Office for the
last month.
The SPEAKER. The bill was referred to
the Committee of the Whole upon a point of
order made by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Maynakd.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
suppose any gentleman desires that we should
go through the formality of considering this
bill in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. Itis merely anticipating an appro-
priation which must be made. By legislation
passed at the last session of Congress the fund
derived from fees to the Patent Office was cov-
ered into the Treasury, and an amount in
gross was appropriated for the expenses of the
Patent Office. Athoroughinvestigationhasbeen
made into the expenses of the Patent Office,
and we are notified that the legislation of last
session will save $-100,000 to the Treasury for
the present fiscal year. The amount appro-
priated last year was not enough, and this is to
supply the deficiency.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the Committe of the Whole will be discharged
from the further consideration of the bill, and
the same will he considered in the House.
Mr. ARNELL. I object.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
move that the rules be suspended for the pur-
pose.
The question was taken ; and (two thirds
voting in the affirmative) the rules were sus-
pended.
The Committee of the Whole was accord-
ingly discharged from the further consideration
of House bill No. 1809, making appropriations
for the payment of salaries and contingent ex-
penses of the Patent Office for January and Feb-
ruary, 1869.
The bill, which was read, appropriates out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated the sum of $5-1,766 for the pay-
ment of the salaries of the officers and em-
ployes of the Patent Office and for the ordi-
nary contingent expenses of said office for the
months of January and February, 1869.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call the
previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I.tliink we ought to have
some explanation of this bill. Last session we
had a great deal of legislation abolishing the
Patent Office fund. Formerly we were never
called upon to make any appropriation at all
for the Patent Office ; it was a self-sustaining
institution. We were induced last session to
abolish the Patent Office fund as a measure
of economy. As a part of that economy we
are now called upon, without the formality of
going into Committee of the Whole, to appro-
priate over fifty thousand dollars for a defi-
ciency. That is a kind of economy which it
is not entirely easy to understand, and I hope
the gentleman will give us some explanation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
further explanation to make than I made a few-
moments since. If the gentleman had paid
attention to my remarks then he would not
haye deemed it .necessary to make any further
inquiry of me now. The amount proposed to
be appropriated by this bill is to pay the sal-
aries of these officers and employes for the
months of January and February of this year.
It is rendered necessary by the legislation of
Congress at its last session covering the Patent
Office fund into the Treasury. It was done at
the close of the session, and we appropriated
a small amount merely to last until this ses-
sion of Congress. From the reports which
we get from the Patent Office it is certain that
the expenses of the office have been reduced by
one-half. The employes of the Patent Office
have not been paid a dollar for the month of
January; and in consequence of the objection
of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May-
naud] many of them have been compelled to
sell their pay accounts at a very large discount.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is not the point.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. Can the gentleman take
me from the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
right to call the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will yield
to the gentleman from Tennessee for a few
moments.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washburn'e] seems to have misap-
prehended my point, which is this : not that
this fifty-odd thousand dollars is not necessary
to meet a deficiency, butiow it happens that
we are burdened with this amount of deficiency,
when under the old system we never 'had any
burdens of the sort. The Patent Office was self-
sustaining. The fees that were received in the
office supported it, so that the salaries and
other expenses were no charge upon the Treas-
ury of the United States.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. There was
no charge upon the Treasury ; but the Patent
Office used up this entire fund, the disposition
of which was left to the discretion of the Com-
missioner of Patents. By covering thib fund
into the Treasury we shall have, I undertake
to say, an addition of $100,000 this year to the
revenues of the Treasury. At the close of tho
list session, in providing for the Patent Office,
we made merely an appropriation of $2-50,000,
to last till the present session. ' When this
session commenced the Commissioner of Pat-
ents sent in his statement showing the amount
that would be necessary to carry on the opera-
tions of the Patent Office for the present year.
We had proposed to include this amount in
our regular deficiency bill, but as there is not
sufficient money appropriated to pay what is
already due ,to the Patent Office we have re-
ported the present bill to meet the immediate
wants of that office. The expenses of the office
will be about six hundred thousand dollars,
while the fund covered into the Treasury will
amount to about a million.
Mr. MUNGEN. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] whether
the funds properly belonging to the Patent
Office do not now amount to between three
and four hundred thousand dollars ; whether
those funds have not been diverted or trans-
ferred to pay expenses not connected with
