THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3-4,
as ia .Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. Hp. 877) to remove the
charge of desertion from certain soldiers of the
second North Carolina mounted infantry. The
bi|l recites that it appears from the evidence
of certain officers of the second North Caro-
lina mounted infantry, the records of the War
Department, and the official orders of Major
general Schofield, that certain soldiers were
detached from the second North Carolina
mounted infantry to join the third North Caro-
lina mounted infantry to make" a raid into the
enemy's lines, in June, 1864, for the purpose
of destroying railroad bridges and harassing
the gnemy, and that while absent from their
regiment upon such duty they were borne upon
the r6lls of the second North Carolina mounted
infantry as deserters; and it proceeds to direct
the Secretary of War to remove the charge of
desertion from certain soldiers of the second-
North Carolina mounted infantry whose names
are given.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
jane nobthbidge.
Mr. ABBOTT. I move to take up for con-
sideration Senate bill No. 768.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 768) for the relief of
Mrs. Jane Northridge. It provides for the pay-
ment to Mrs. Jane Northridge, widow of Wil-
liam Northridge, deceased, late colonel fifty-
ninth regiment New York State volunteers,
of $10,260 82, in full payment for moneys
advanced and services rendered by him in
raising troops in the State of New York.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us hear the report in
that case.
Mr. ABBOTT. I send the report to the
desk to be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
made by Mr. Abbott, on the 16th instant, from
the Committee on Military Affairs:
The Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred for investigation the claim of Mrs. Jane N orth-
ridge, widow of William Northridge, deceased, late
colonel of the fifty-ninth regiment New York State
volunteers, beg leave respectfully to submit the fol-
lowing report:
It appears, upon examination, that on or about
the 1st day of June, 1861, Colonel Northridge com-
menced recruiting troops for the United States volun-
teer Army; thaton or about July24,1881, he reported
to the "War Department and was authorized to uorn-
Elete a regiment of volunteers: that at that time he
ad live companies and "had established a camp at
Elm Park, Staten Island, Richmond county, New
York, and that from the 1st day of June, 1861, to the
13th dav of October, 1861, at which time his men were
consolidated with others and formed the fifty-ninth
New York State volunteers, he had expended large
sums of money in subsisting said men.
It appears, upon an examination of official copies
of affidavits on file in the War Department furnished
by the honorable Secretary of War to your commit-
tee, that the sum of $5,490 was paid for provisions:
that the sum of $3,525 was paid for wall and "A"
tents; that§451 32 was paid tor rent of offices: that
$388 was paid for printing, and that the sum of $406
was paid tor stoves and tor camp and garrison equip-
age, and that the total amount thus expended by
Colonel Northridge was $10,260 32.
It further appears that at the time these various
purchases were made, receipts and vouchors cover-
ins: the entire amount of said expenditures were
obtained by said Northridge, and by his order were
carefully filed away with other valuable papers and
were lost in the month of August, 1862, in the fol-
lowing manner, to wit: while the Army was lying
at Harrison's landing, Virginia, an order was issued
by Major General George B. McClellan, ordering all
the extra baggage of officers to be forwarded to a
place of safety, and the Army to be in readiness to
move in light marching order, and that in obedience
to the said order Colonel Northridge ordered his
trunk to be placed in charge of the regimental quar-
termaster and by him to be transported to barges
lying at Harrison's landing, Virginia, to be shipped
to Washington, District of Columbia, and from
thence to their destination; that his trunk, contain-
ing the bills and receipts heretofore referred to, in-
cluding other papers pertaining to the organization
until the 13th day of October, 1861, with his extra
clothing, was carefully marked and directed to be
shipped by express from Washington, District of Co-
lumbia, to Baltimore, Maryland, and that his trunk
was lost or stolen after delivery on board the barge as
atoresaid; that he has made diligent search for the
the same, but without success. While the petitioner
in this oase is unable to produce the proper receipts
tor the expenditures made, it is shown by positive
evidence irom whom the purchases were made, and
the reason why otaer vouchers cannot be produced
is satisfactorily accounted for in the affidavit of
James H. Birdsall, late captain in said regiment. It
is in evidence that there were about, two hundred
men subsisted daily from the 1st day of June, 1861,
to the 1st day nf October, 1861, and further, that the
men were accepted by the United States Govern-
ment.
The committee further find that the said North-
ridge, during his lifetime, presented the aforesaid
claim to the War Department for adjudication, and
that the'same was rejected for the reason that he,
Northridge, was unable to comply with a certain
order existing in regard to the payment of such
claims, to wit, furnishing receipts of the parties to
whom payment was made, the reason being as-here-
tofore stated, that such receipts were unavoidably
lost with his baggage. It further appears that the
said Northridge is now deceased, and has left a widow
surviving; that his record while in the United States
Army was good; that he subsisted out of his own
private funds an average of two hundred men daily
from the 1st day of June, 1861, to the 13th day of
October, 1861; and that the Government in the hour
of trial had the aid and services of the mon thus
recruited.
Your committee, therefore, firinly believe that the
claim is just in every particular, and earnestly rec-
ommend that the bill be at once passed for the full
amount of said claim.
Mr. BUCKALEW. This report does not
state what became of this property afterward.
It states that there is evidence that these pur-
chases were made. I do not know what this
man bought stoves for between May and Oc-
tober, which is one of the items. There is a
large item for tents and other sorts of property:
The committee ought to inform us what be-
came of this property ; whether it was turned
over to the quartermaster's department after-
ward, or, if not turned over, whether it was sold
and the proceeds accounted for in any manner.
It occurs to me by what appears on the face
of the report that this matter is indefinite.
Mr. ABBOTT. These bills were contracted
in the early part of the recruiting service, when
things were done all over the country very
irregularly, and there is no evidence as to what
became of tbe tents or the other property. The
stoves, I suppose, were used, as was the cus-
tom in a good many camps in the early part
of the war. for cooking before the soldiers had
learned to cook with a camp-kettle. Anybody
who was familiar with the recruiting business,
with the raising of troops in the early part of
the war, knows that a great deal of the busi-
ness was done in an irregular manner. This
man did not even take the care to get the proper
orders, and so he could not draw from the
quartermaster or commissary or ordnance de-
partments : and instead of that, before the time
came for him to be mustered in, he took his
own money and supported his men. He only
began to transact business with the Department
after he had raised men enough so that he was
mustered in. It appears moreover that he did
not collect, as was the ordinary custom, the
bills due him for recruitingunder the rules and
regulations, having proceeded informally dur-
ing the whole time: and yet the men he raised
were ultimately mustered in, and he became
lieutenant colonel of the regiment. I have
examined this claim with a good deal of care,
and while it is informal, as is suggested by the
Senator from Pennsylvania, I am satisfied that
the claim is just. The evidence is abundant.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to ask
the Senator why this bill is reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs? I understand
the report to come from that Committee.
There ought to be uniformity of decision ; but
if tbe claim of A be referred to the Claims
Committee and B's to the Military Commit-
tee and C's to the Naval Committee, o.f course
there will be no rule of adjudication common to
all the cases. These cases ought to be decided
on some principle, on some analogy to the law.
Mr. ABBOTT. I will answer the Senator
from Indiana. This is a case that relates pecu-
liarly to military matters. It may have been
presumed that the Committee on Military Af-
fairs was more conversant with the proceed-
ings in these cases and better able to under-
stand what were the merits of a claim of that
nature than the Committee on Claims, because
more of these cases came before it, and there-
fore it was referrod to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs,
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is plausible, but
not quite true. That would distribute all the
cases that come into the Senate among the
different committees, and there wotiM be noth-
ing peculiar for the Committee on Claims.
For instance, if a man's claim was in any way
connected with naval affairs, it would goto the
Naval Committee ; and if he served the State
Department in any way, and was the loser, he
would go to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions ; and so of the other committees. Ifow,
there is advantage given to this claim by send-,
ing it to the Military Committee, because that
committee as a matter of course does not feel
itself held before the Senate by the same striu-
gentrnles that govern the Committee on Claims.
I know how that is very well. There is a
liberality of view taken by other committees
which would not be taken by that committee.
Then, that committee is very much crowded
with business, and so this claim gets in ahead
of other claims that ought to be considered.
This may be all right; but I want to ask the
Senator one more question, whether it was not
a very common thing for officers to incur ex-
penses in raising their companies and their
regiments, and very large sums ; and whethet
it is the purpose of the Military Committee to
compensate them ? I know the fact that during
the war large sums were paid out by officers in
raising their companies and their regiments.
I did not know we were going to undertakerthe
work of compensating them for those outlays.
Mr. ABBOTT. In the early part of the war
things proceeded for several months in a very
irregular manner. A man desired to enter the
Army of the United States ; he commenced to
raise troops; he did not obey what rules and
formulas there were at that time. If anybody"
will investigate the whole thing he will fiud that
it was almost all done irregularly. If a man
did proceed regularly he could collect his re-
cruiting account. This man omitted to do it,
as a great many others did ; and a great many
got their pay and adjusted their accounts after-
ward.
Mr. GRIMES. I am very well aware that
the objection raised by the Senator from Indi-
ana would have been considered a few years
ago a very valid one. Such a claim as this
would not then have been referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to be considered, but
would have been sent to the Committee on
Claims. But the Senator should remember
that we have bravely gotten over all the rules
we used to be governed by. To-day we had
submitted to us a claim which, judging from
its antiquity, should be considered by the com-
mittee of my friend from Nevada, [Mr. Nye,]
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims ; and
yet it was reported to us by the Committee on
Foreign Relations. I refer to tbe proposition
relating to expenses incurred in the war of
1812-15. It was reported to us from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. I suppose it
came from that committee simply because that
war was a foreign war. I cannot conceive of
anything else. Perhaps, however, as has been
suggested to me, it was because" it was foreign
to any subject that was under consideration at
that time. [Laughter.] I should like to in-
quire of the Senator from North Carolina how
it happens in this particular case that this m n
had his vouchers with him on the James river
for money that he expended months and
nearly a year before on Staten Island, New
York? Is it the habit of men who transact
business of this kind to carry around in their
personal baggage vouchers for money that was
expeuded months before in a distant State and
carry them to the seat of war ?
Mr. ABBOTT. It is the most natural thing
in the world. I have known numbers of cases
myself where officers kept their papers in their,
trunks. It, was the most natural thing for an
oflic.er to do. He did not know when he was
going to want them, and he thought that was
the best place to keep them, by him. In this
case this officer not comprehending the con-
dition of things at Harrison's Landing when
the order came for a restriction of transporta-
tion was, like everybody else, obliged to send
