m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
Ho-usse, and I think no gentleman would under-
take to. justify it. ' •
.Mr. KERB. I do not object to his being
brought here, but the gentlemen have' discov-
ered, or think they have, since w.e left New
York, that it is worth while to examine him
further, by way of further prospecting in' par-
tisan interests. '
Mr. ROBINSON. Is there not-an under-
standing that, this gentleman wants' to attend
the inauguration ball, and is not this an after
consideration that he may come here free of
expense? [Laughter.]
' * Mr. DAWES. I should judge from what I
saw of the character of the witness that he
would be the last man that would enjoy him-
self at the inauguration. .I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
employes at philadelphia custom-iiouse.
Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, obtained the
floor.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman yield
to me to offer a resolution?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massaphusetts. I yield
for that purpose.
Mr. ROBINSON. I object.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to suspend the
rules in order to introduce the resolution.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a point of Order on
this proceeding. It is notaltogether new within
the last year or two, but it is new in the pro-
ceedings of this House that a gentleman occu-
pying the floor can peddle it out in this way to
one person and then another. It is a most
unfair proceeding for the minority, and though
there are some late precedents for it it strikes
me that it is very unprecedented in the preced-
ing history of this House. If the gentleman
from Massachusetts has this floor he ought to
proceed with his business, and if there is objec-
tion to his yielding the floor I think the objec-
tion ought to be admitted. I do not object to
the resolution of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, because I do not know what it is, but I
object to this mode of proceeding.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
and to the House that from the earliest organ-
ization of the Congress of the United States it
has been held that a gentleman' in possession
of the floor can yield to any other gentleman
unless objection be made. If objection be
made, then he must yield unconditionally if he
yields at all.
Mr. BROOKS. Then, objection having been
made, the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] must yield unconditionally.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct.
Mr. BUl'LER, of Massachusetts. I yield
unconditionally to my colleague on the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, [Mr. Scofield.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. My motion is that the
rules be suspended in order that the preamble
and resolution which I send to the Clerk's
desk may be introduced and agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Whereas it has come to the knowledge of members
of this House that, rcting upon an order issued to
him by the Secretary of the Treasury, the collector
of the port of Philadelphia dismissed twelve men
employed ill the custom-house of that city; and the
Secretary of the Treasury, acting upon the sugges-
tion of certain official personages residing in Phila-
deiyhia, refused to confirm the dismissal of the men
dismissed by. the collector of said port, and named
twelve other men for dismissal; which action on the
part of tho Secretary of the Treasury is believed to
be without precedent or warrant of Jaw; and that it
is ui contemplation on the part of the Secretary of
the Ireasury to order payment to be made to the said
men dismissed by the collector of the port of Phila-
delphia: Iherefore,
tiesolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to furnish to the House of Representatives
all the correspondence upon thissubioct between the
Treasury Department and the collector and the sur-
veyor ot the port of Philadelphia; and that he be
requested, to suspend payment to tho officers dis-
missed by the collector until further action of Con-
gress.
The question was upon suspending the rules
and agreeing t<? the preamble and resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope my colleague [Mr.
Scofield] will allow me a word or two.
Mr. BROOMALL. This motion is not
debatable, I believe.
' Mr. RANDALLS I desire to say that I
have no objection whatever to the adoption of
this resolution. It will be shown, when answer
is made to it, that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is acting in strict accordance to law in this
matter.
Mr. MYERS. That I deny. I say that the
contrary will be shown.
Mr. RANDALL. The result will show, who
tells the truth, you or I.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I understand that my col-
league [Mr. Randall] is not opposed to this
resolution, but he is disposed to put in a word
of justification for the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. Now, all I want is to have the resolution
passed.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon sus-
pending the rules for the purpose of introduc-
ing and agreeing to the preamble and resolu-
tion which have been read.
Mr, ROBINSON. Can we not have a
division of this question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has ruled re-
peatedly that a motion1 to suspend the rules
qannot be divided, be.cause the. Digest states
that a motion to suspend the rules is not
divisible.
Mr. ROBINSON. Is it not a new thing to
add to the motion to suspend the rules that
the resolution shall also be passed?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has ruled that
the motion to suspend the rules cannot be
divided. If the gentleman doubts that the
Clerk will read the rule.
Mr. ROBINSON. I do not mean to express
any doubt upon that point. But this motion
is a sort of double motion, to suspend the rules
and to agree to the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will find,
by reference to page 171 ot the Digest, that a
motion to suspend the rules is not even amend-
able ; and also that it has been ruled by former
Speakers that a single motion to suspend the
rules may enable a number of bills to be re-
ported from a committee—not one bill merely,
but a-hundred, if there be so many.
Mr. ROBINSON. But not to pass one of
them at the same time.
The SPEAKER. The Speaker has ruled
that a motion to suspend the entire Digest may
be entertained. A motion to suspend the rules,
if agreed to, suspends all the rules which stand
in the way of the desired action.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Can I include in my reso-
lution a joint resolution as well as this resolu-
tion?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
do so, for a joint resolution and a simple House
resolution cannot be united together.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not think the present
occupant of the chair is as liberal in his ruling
as some others have been.
The question was then taken ; and (two thirds
voting in the affirmative) the rules were sus-
pended, and the preamble and resolution were
introduced and agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of introducing for con-
sideration at the present time a joint resolu-
tion directing the Secretary of the Treasury to
withhold the payment of certain moneys.
The joint resolution , which was read, recites
in the preamble that it has been stated in the
public papers that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury sk about to order that twelve late employes
of the General Government in the custom-house
in Philadelphia, who were dismissed the ser-
vice by the collector of the port in conse-
quence of instructions from the Treasury De-
partment to reduce the force, be paid for the
time which has elapsed since their dismissal,
or a part of it. The joint resolution therefore
directs that the Secretary of the Treasury cause
payment to be withheld until the matter can
be examined by Congress.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, I submit a
question.of order, whether this House alone
can make a law binding on the Secretary of
the Treasury ?
The SPEAKER. This is a joint resolution.
Mr. PRtJYN. If I understand this matter,
services have been rendered by these clerks;
and if so, it,is but fair to pay them.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The dispute is as to which
set are the clerks, the eollectpr having employed
one set and the Secretary of the Treasury the
other. The collector dismisses the Secretary's
set, and the Secretary dismisses the collector's
set. _ . , .
Mr. PRUYN. Who is doing the work?
Mr. SCOFIELD. The collector's men have
actually been doing the work ; but the ques-
tion whether these others should also be paid
is held in abeyance. This resolution simply
directs the Secretary of the Treasury not to pay
them until the question has been examined.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed
to; and the joint resolution (H. R. No. 435)
was introduced and read, a first and second
time.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I call for the previous
question on the passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. MUNGEN. Is it iu order to offer an
amendment ?
Mr. SCOFIELT). I cannot yield for any
amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message i'kom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlix,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 219) for the relief of-GeOrge
W. Lane, superintendent of' the branch mint
at Denver, Colorado, and Assistant Treasurer
of the United States.
The message also announced that the Senate
bad passed bills of the following titles; in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested
An act (S. No. 661) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant Colonel John W. Davidson, of the
United States Army ;
An act (S. No. 760) for the relief of Rev.
D. Hillhouse Buel ; and
An act (S. No. 811) to provide for the reduc-
tion of the military forces, and for other
purposes.
The message further announced that the
Senate had non-concurred in the resolution of
the House relative to the use of certain por-
tions of the Capitol for conducting the inaugu-
ration proceedings, other than official, of Pres-
ident and Vice President on the 4th of March
next.
evening sessions.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to submit to tho
House a proposition which shall test the ques-
tion whether we are to go on with the consid-
eration of certain matters which are before the
House and which I believe are in the nature of
public business, although not appropriation
bills. This is now the last month of the session.
A Member. You forget March.
Mr. SCHENCK. We will have but a few
days of March ; and as February has only twen-
ty-eight days we must take the fragment of
March to fill out the present month. So that
I am substantially correct in saying that we are
