his baggage away, being a trunk, and it was
lost in. the journey.
Mr. HENDRICKS." Mr. President, $10,000
paid to this man, perhaps, is not of very much
consequence; but J do think it is an important
question that the Senate ought to consider,
whether we are now going to commence the rule
of "pacing officers for their outlays in raising
regiments and companies, and the irregular out-
lays that were made for that particular purpose.
If so, the bills will coifae in in very large sums.
I have had very many officers tell me that they
had, before the war came on, laid up perhaps
a thousand - or two thousand, and jsome three
or four thousa'nd dollars, and they had spent it
all in raising their regiments. They did not
view it as a claim against the Government.
They did not think of presenting a claim. It
was their ambition to raise their regiment or
company, and so they expended their money;
but i'f Congress now proposes to indemnify
officers in such cases the whole volume of the
claims,will come in here.
J|r. ABBOTT. Will the' Senator from In-
diana allow me a moment? The remarks of
the Senator do not apply to the equity of the
matter. Anybody who understands that sort
of proceeding knows that if this Colonel North-
ridge had taken the care to comply with the
formulas of the quartermaster's and commis-
sary departments he would have got his pay
anyway ; but he being perhaps ignorant of these
forms did not take the care to do it, and he
therefore could not collect it in accordance
with the rules and regulations of the quarter-
master's and commissary departments. That
is simply all there is about it. I did exactly
this same thing myself, and got my pay because
I complied with these formulas and rules.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is all right; lam
glad you got the money.
Mr. ABBOTT. I looked out for that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Perhaps in all the cases
to which I have referred the money could have
been had again from the Government if the
forms had been observed. I do not know how
that is. I know that officers will have claims
for enormous amounts against the Government
if this principle be established, and I thiuk
Senators had betterdecide the question whether
they are willing to meet it. There were nearly
two hundred regiments raised in Indiana, and
I suppose that almost every officer who raised
a company or a regiment incurred some con-
siderable expense, but it was an expense that
he was willing to incur, because he was am-
bitious to raise his company or regiment at
once and get it into the field. If we are ready
to pay all such claims we can vote on this bill
understanding^.
Another thing; if this bill be passed it ought
to be in the form of a bill not to pay money,
but to refer the question to the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury to settle the claim
upon satisfactory evidence, simply waiving the
technical and formal proof which the regula-
tions require. Is it proper that the committee
shall audit the case? I think this bill ought
not to pass in its present form.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not like to interpose
any objection to this claim, but 
Mr. ABBOTT. If the bill is to lead to
further discussion I shall consent to have it
passed over for the present.
Mr. WILSON. It had better go to the Com-
mittee on Claims. •
Mr. ABBOTT. Very well; I move that it
be referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HOWE. I do not see the slightest
necessity or propriety in sending it to the Com-
mittee on Claims. It has been examined by
one committee, and I suppose that committee
have presented the facts of the case to the
Senate. That is all the Committee on Claims
can do.
Mr. ABBOTT. Then let it be passed over
informally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Thayer
in the chair.) The bill will be passed over
informally if there be no objection.
. captain q. brysoh's boli p any.
Mr, ABBOTT. I. move to take up Hoiifie
bill No. 18J2. . j.-.   .
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1872) providing
for the payment of Captain Goldman-Bcyson's
mounted company. It provides that, the com-
pany of mounted, volunteers raised and com-
manded by Captain Goldman Blysen., of Cher-
okee county, State of North Carolina, under
authority of Major, General Rosecrang, and
received into the service of the United States
by Major General Burnside September. 29,
1863, and such men as •were accepted into the
service of the United States by Captain Gold-
man Bryson within one month thereafter, and
the widows, heirs, and legal representatives of
the officers and enlisted men, shall be entitled
to pay, bounty, pension, and allowances ac-
cording to their grade,and time of service as
other volunteers in the service of the United
States, notwithstanding any informality in their
muster or enlistment into the service of the
United States, under such rules and regula-
tions as may be adopted by the proper account-
ing officer of the Treasury '
Mr. ABBOTT. There is a report in that
case which can be read.,
Mr. HENDRICKS. The bill shows on its
face what it is for.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report
will not be read unless it is called for.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. There is
• no objection to the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
military instructors.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
bill No. 1490.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1490) to define
the pay of officers of the Army detailed to act
as military instructors. It provides that all
officers detailed to give military instruction
in colleges and universities under the provis-
ions of an act entitled " An act to increase atid
fix the military peace establishment of the
United States," approved July 28, 1866, shall,
while so detailed, be entitled to the full pay
of their respective grades the same as if they
were in active service.
Mr. WILSON. I move to add the words
'"and allowances" after "pay," in line eight,
and in line nine to strike out the words " the
same as if they were in active service."
Under an act of Congress, supposed to be a
wise one as all acts of Congress are, certain
officers of the Army on the requisition of the
colleges of the country were detailed by the
Secretary of War to act in these colleges as
teachers of military tactics, &c. At the War
Department or at the Treasury the law is con-
strued to mean thai anofficer so detailed is en-
titled to only his regular pay. This bill pro-
vides that heshall have the pay and allowances
he would have were he in active military service,
if the thing is worth supporting at all, if it is
a good thing, I think it should be so, because
these officers cannot live on their pay.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does the law require
them to go into the school or college if they
do not wish to go?
Mr. WILSON. No; but it authorizes the
Secretary to detail them.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Secretary indicates
to an officer, " We want you to go and teach
in some school." Is he bound to go?
Mr. WILSON. We authorize the Secretary
to detail officers for this purpose where they
are required, and it.is supposed to be an excel-
lent law.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I had expected that the
Military Committee before this time would have
, ft
time xo do it, It ought to be.repealed, in my
opinion, and I do not think wejtad better drive
any. spikes down to make it any firmer on the
statute-book. It would be better to repeal the
other law than to pass this.
Mr. WILSON. I am not particular whether
it* is repealed or not; but so long as it is the
law it seems to "me these officers ought to have
the same pay ththey would have were they
in,the service ofthe country. There is no ques-
tion about one thing, that the practical opera-
tion, of the law is training^, great many young
men of the country and fitting them by "their
studies to understand something about tie
Army.
Mr." CONKLIN G. I wag about to inquire
of the honorable Senator, then, why he says he
does not care whether it is repealed or not. I
understand this provision to be one of the most
wholesome things and one of more consequence
than'almost auy provided in the statute. -
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of
the" Senator from Massachusetts whether these
officers when they are connected with colleges
are exercising an independent command and
entitled to brevet pay?
Mr. Wilson, oh", no.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand when an officer
is exercising an independent command he ex-
ercises it with his brevet rank and is entitled,
if in active duty, to brevet pay.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. From what I
understand these officers 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Thayer
in the chair.) Does the Senator from Iowa
yield the floor?
Mr. GRIMES. Certainly; I am after light.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The officers
who have been detailed for.this service have
not been in any instance that I am aware of
such officers as would have been assigned to
active service.
Mr. WILSON. That is a mistake.
Mr. GRIMES. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs corrects the Senator
from Vermont as to that.
Mr. WILSON. Officers from the field have
been detailed for this special service, but they
are generally the older officers.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am not aware
of any instance of an appointment of that kind ;
but they are men who have reached old age.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Superannuated.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Well, say
superannuated; men who have been wounded
and men in poor health; such men as the Sec-
retary of War could spare. He never has in
any instance that I can find detailed an officer
who was fit for active duties.
Mr. GRIMES. That is no answer to my
question. He has detailed to this duty some
brevet major generals. Now, my question is,
if a brevet major general is in the exercise of
a command by virtue of his rank, in active
duty, does he draw .a brevet major general's
pay?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. All these
officers are on leave of absence and receive
less pay, and the institutions that employ them
make it up where they are unwilling to come
for the pay they receive upon leave of absence.
Mr. WARNER. I will say to the Senator
from Iowa that the answer to his question will
depend upon the order of the President. If
an officer is assigned to duty with his brevet
rank he then draws pay according to his bre-
vet rank; but unless he is so specifically
assigned he only draws the pay of his lineal
Mr. BUCKALEW. We oughtto have some
distinct explanation in a case of this sort.
How many persons have been detailed to this
duty?
Mr. WILSON. About twenty or thirty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Therecanbe
but twenty-five detailed under the law.
Mr. BCJCKALEW. Of what rank are they,
and what is their fixed pay, and what will be
the amount to each of the allowances which
