774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
That work we will not have to go over" again.
What I now propose is, that we shall go into
Committee of the Whole daring the sessions
of the evening, take up the unfinished part of
that bill, and go through with it so that it can
be reported to the House.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope this will not be con-
sidered a test vote.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
[Mr. Schenck] if it will not be in the power
of a majority of the Committee of the Whole
to lay aside this internal revenue bill, of seven
hundred pages, which it is most likely cannot
pass the Senate at this session, even if it passes
the House, and to take up the tariff bill?
The,.SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the House that if the rules are suspended for
the purpose of having an evening session to
consider the internal revenue bill in Commit-
tee of the Whole that committee would be
subject to the order of the House the same as
any other committee would be, and therefore
that bill could not be laid aside by the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. BLAINE. Allow me to make a parlia-
mentary suggestion to the gentleman from
Ohio., [Mr. Schenck.] I suggest to him to
modify his motion so as merely to provide for
evening sessions, and then when the House
assembles in evening session the majority of
those present can determine the order of busi-
ness.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am satisfied with the
form in which I have submitted my motion in
order to test the disposition of the House.
Mr. NIBLACIC. I would very cheerfully
vote for this motion to set apart evening ses-
sions for the consideration of the internal rev-
enue bill if I thought it at all practicable. I
believe many of the provisions of that bill are
important and ought to have been passed at
the last session of Congress. But as we failed
to consider and pass that bill at the long ses-
sion, and there is so little time remaining of
the present session, I regard it as impractica-
ble to take such action during the present ses-
sion as will enable us to make that bill a law.
Believing it, therefore, to be impracticable and
almost impossible during the remaining time
of this session to pass the bill, I cannot vote to
suspend the rules in order to hold evening
sessions for that purpose.
Mr. MAYNARD. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion in reply to what has been said by several
gentlemen here in reference to our being so near
the end of this session. In my opinion we are
practically but midway in this session. There
is now remaining of the session the entire
month of February and the first three days
of the month of March. We have, it is true,
nominally gone through the months of Decem-
ber and January; but it will be recollected
that we rate but about two weeks in the month
of December, during which time, by general
consent, but little or nothing was done. We
then took a recess until the 5th day of Janu-
ary. There is therefore really more working
time remaining of the session now than the
time of the session already devoted to work.
Instead of being near the close of the session,
as the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Nielack]
seems to indicate, we are really but midway in
the session, and if we take hold of the internal
revenue bill now I think we can get through
with it in time to have it acted upon by the
Senate at this session. •
Mr. ROBINSON. I have withheld my ob-
jection till the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynard] got through, but I now object to
further debate.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules is not debatable.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would like to make an
explanation in regard to this internal revenue
bill.
Mr. ROBINSON. I will withdraw my
objection till the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schexck] gets through.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, Iwrll merely
say, in reply to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Niblack,] my colleague on the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, that the objection
now urged is precisely the same that was made
last year. We had gone through this long
bill till we were within a short space of the
end when we were met with objections, and it
was laid aside that we might take up separately
the provisions relatiug to whisky and tobacco-,
which were substantially the only subjects
remaining. In a week or so- the committee
reported a new bill, conformably to the order
of the House, embracing those special subjects,
and after some time spent in its consideration
we passed that hill. In the time thus expended
we might have gone through the whole of the
original b-ill.
Now, I do not think there is so much in this
word " fail" as gentlemen suppose, if we will
only set about the work in the proper manner.
I admit that if, when the House has ordered
evening sessions for the purpose of considering
this portion of the public business, members,
after coming here and remaining a little while,
go away, leaving us without a quorum, we shall
not succeed in consummating this or any other
important public business ; and if that is to be
our experience we had better not have evening
sessions at all. But if members will not only
make this order bat go to work heartily, earn-
estly, and faithfully, I do think we can go
through with this bill and a great deal of pub-
lic business besides.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish
to ask the gentleman a question. If the House
succeeds in getting through with this bill is
there any probability, in the present state of
public business, that the Senate will have time
to act on it ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot tell. The Sen-
ate is a long-winded body, and has no previous
question. It is possible the Senate may not
get through with this bill; but 1 have always
considered it the proper policy for us to do
our duty as Representatives and leave Sen-
ators to take Care of themselves under their
own responsibility to the people.
Mr. NIBLACK. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck} will do me the justice to
say that I voted with him last summer to go
on with this bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is true.
Mr. NiBLACK. But the House, after con-
sidering the question, as I thought, very delib-
erately, voted not to go on with the bill at that
time. I accepted that as a defeat of the meas-
ure for the present Congress ; and so regard-
ing it, I think it is scarcely worth while now
to reopen the question. I have no special
objection to our undertaking at this time the
consideration of the bill; but I have no faith
that we shall be able to get through it, espe-
cially at night sessions.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am ready to admit that
last summer nobody stuck closer to the work
than did the gentleman from Indiana; that no
one more faithfully endeavored to go on with
this business. But I did not understand by
the decision of the House last session that the
majority of the House objected to the measure
itself, nearly the whole of which had been gone
through, and had met with general acceptance
in the Committee of the Whole; but there was
a prevalent opinion that we had not time to do
the work. We are now met with the same ob-
jection—that we have not time. I do not know
that there ever will be time for anything if we
yield to such suggestions. I.think, however,
that what we undertake to do with a hearty
good will, with earnestness of purpose, and a
conscientious desire to be industrious, can be
done. I therefore move that the rules be sus-
pended for the purpose of holding evening ses-
sions, beginning with to-morrow evening, to
consider in Committee of the Whole the internal
revenue bill.
On the motion there were—ayes 78, noes 30.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The House, in pursuance
of the order just adopted, will meet in Com-
mittee of the Whole at half past seven o'clock
to-morrow evening,and every subsequent even-
ing till the internal revenue bili" shall be dig-
posed of.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of ordering that so long as th©
evening sessions just ordered shall be continued
the House will takes its recess daily at kalf
past four o'clock p, m.
- The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be gla<J
if the House would indicate whether rt reserves-
the right to take up at these evening sessions
other business than the internal revenue billr
or whether the House can- dispense with the
evening sessions until that bill is disposed of.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts'. The de-
cision of the' House is that we shall take up-
the internal revenue bill in the 'Committee of
the Whole in the evening sessions.
Mr. SCHENCK. My impression is that i&
is to remain the business in the evening sessions-
until disposed of.
Mr. ALLISON. And it is the only business
for the evening sessions'.
Mr. MOORHEAD. We have no* right to
take np any other bill.
"" •. GLOSSBREMNER.
That was'not the
Mr.
understanding.
Mr. BROOKS. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. BUTLER; of Massachusetts. I propose
to move to go into committee on the Indiara
appropriation bill, but before doing so f desire
to yield to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field} to make a motion to suspend the rules,,
so as to add a new section to that bill.
Mr. WIN DOM. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York demands the regular order of business,
and the gentleman from Massachusetts must
proceed or yield the floor altogether. '
'' ADDITIONAL INDIAN BILL.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts.. I rise to>
make a privileged report for reference to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and to be acted on with the annual
Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. WINDOM. I object until I hear what
it is.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
directed by the Committee on Appropriations
to report to the House a bill'(H. R. No. 1854)
making appropriations (in part) for the ex-
penses of the Indian- d-epartment, and for ful-
filling treaty stipulations, and to- move that it
be printed and referred to-the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union to accom-
pany the annual Indian bill-.
Mr. WINDOM. I wish it to be noted tha8
I reserve all points of order.
The bill was received, read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee o-f the
Whole, and ordered to be printed.
TRANSFER OF INDIAN liUEEATJ.
Mr. BROOKS. I demand the regular order
of business.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to suspend the
rules in order to enable me to offer in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
the following amendment to the Indian appro-
priation bill now pending in the comnnttee.
It is the only way we can get action on the
subject.
The Clerk-read as follows:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That no muney
appropriated by this act, and no unexpended appro-
priation, hitherto made for expenditures in the In-
dian department, shall be paid out of the Treasury,
except on the following conditions, to-wit:
First. Thatfromandatter thelstday of April, 1869,
the Secretary of War shall exercise the supervisory
and appellate powers, and possess thejurisdiction now
exercised and possessed by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior in relation to all the acts of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, and shall sign all requisitions tor the
advance or payment of money out of the Treasury on
estimates or accounts,subjeetto thesameadjustment
or control now exercised on similar estimates or ac-
counts by the Auditors and Comptrollers of the Treas-
ury, or either of them.
Second. That the Secretary of War-shall be author-
ized. whenever in his opinion it shall promote the
economy and efficiency of the Indian service, to estab-
lish convenient departments and districts for the
