1889.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
775
proper administration of the duties now imposed by
law on the superintendents of Indian affairs and
upon agents and sub-agents, and to substitute for
such superintendents and agents oftcers of the Army
ot the United States, whoshall bedesignated for that
purpose, and who shall then become charged with
all the duties now imposed by law upon thesuperin-
tendenis and agents thus superseded, and without
additional compensation therefor. The Secretary of
War shall also detail an officer not below the rank
of colonel to fill the office and discharge the duties
of Commissioner of Indian Affairs. Officers of the
Army designated to perform the duties of Commis-
sioner, superintendent, agent, or sub-agent shall not
be required to give the bonds now required of civil
appointees, but shall be responsible for any nesrlect
tfr maladministration, according to the Rules and
Articles of War.
Tkiid. That all contracts for transportation con-
nected with the Indian service shall hereafter be
made in the same manner and at the same time pro-
vided for transportation for the use of the Army.
Fourth. That the Secretary ofWarshallbe author-
ized to withold all special licenses from traders, and,
under regulations to be by him prescribed, to pro-
vide the times and places at which all traders com-
plying therewith may present themselves for bargain,
barter, and exchangewiththe several Indian tribes,
nccordingto the laws of the UnitedStates regulating
the same.
Mr. WINDOM. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. GARFIELD. This is a motion to refer
to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union only. '
Mr. WINDOM. Is it in order to pass in
this way precisely the same bill which the
House passed before ?
Mr. GARFIELD. It is not the same bill.
Mr. WINDOM. It is, so far as I can see,
the same bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. One section is left out,
and there is one change of date. There is a
substantial change in the bill. I 'will say that
this bill passed before by a vote of 116 to 33.
Mr. WINDOM. Is the motion debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not. Even if it were
the same bill the suspension of the rules will
suspend any rule which prohibits any bill being
passed over in the same language.
Mr. WINDOM. I wish to ask a parliament-
ary question. If the House should suspend
the rules so as to allow this to be moved as an
amendment to the Indian appropriation bill
will it be in order to move, as an amendment,
the bill to which I referre'd the other day pro-
viding for Tndian commissioners?
TheSPEAICER. It will be in order to move
any germane amendment, but that matterwill
be ruled on by the chairman of the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. The
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] is chair-
man of the committee, and the Chair will not
take away from him his authority to decide
points of order in committee. The general
rule is that anything germane is proper to
move as an amendment.
The House divided on the motion to suspend
the rules ; and t.here were—ayes 50, noes 54.
Mr. GARFIELD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to ask a parliament-
ary question. If we suspend the rules and
authorize the gentleman from Ohio to move
this as an amendment in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, can we then
debate it under the five minutes' rule and adopt
it or reject it as we shall see fit?
The SPEAKER. Certainly, unless the com-
mittee rises and the House closes debate on it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It will be like any other
amendment offered in Committee of the Whole,
and entirely within the control of the com-
mittee?,
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will it not be amend-
able also in Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. It will be open to any
germane amendment.
Mr. WINDOM. Is not the motion to go into
committee, or rather the motion to suspend
the rules, itself amendable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 91, nays 71, not voting
CO; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, ArnelL Bailey, Baldwin,
Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Beaton, Bingham, Bout-
well, Boyer. Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Callis.
Churchill, Cobb. Cook, Corley, Covode, Culiom,
Dawes, Delano, Diekey, Dodge, DriKgs, Eckley, Est-
gleston, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferris, Fields, Garfield.
Gove, Griswold, Haisbt, Hamilton, Hooper, Hopkins,
Hulburd. Hunter, Judd, Kclsey, Ketenam, Koontz,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln,
Mallory, Marvin, McKee, Mereur. Miller, Moore,
Moorhead, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham. Peters,
Phelps.Plants, Pruyn, Robertson,Sawyer, Schenck,
Scofield, Selye, Shellabarger, Smith, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, tetover, Sypher,Tilt, lrow-
bridge, Xwiehell, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, Robert X. Van Horn, Ward. Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Thomas Williams, William Williams,
James f. Wilson, and Woodbridge—91.
NAYS—Messrs. DelosR. Ashley, JamesM. Ashley,
Ax tell, Baker, Beck, Boles. Boyden, Brooks. Broom-
all, Burr, Cary, Chanler, Ciift, Deweeso, Dockery,
Bldridge, Thomas D. Eliot, James T. liiuotc, iox,
French, Getz, Golladay. Gravely, Grover, Harding,
Hausrhev, Hawkins, Iligby, Holman, Hotchkiss,
Chester D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Johnson, Alexander II. Jones, Thomas L. Jones,
Julian, Kerr, Knott, Laflin, Lash, Loan, Loughridge,
Marshall, Maynard, MeCormiok, Mullms, Mungen,
Myers, Newsham, Niblack, Nicholson, Noms, Pike,
Prico, Randall, Robinson, Roots, bhanks, Spalding,
Stone,Taber, Taffe, Van Auken, Van Trump, Whitte-
more, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Woodward, and
^NO'f VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
Archer, Banks, Barnes, Barnum, Blackburn,Blame,
Blair, Bowen, Bromwell, Buckland, Rodcnck 11.
Butler, Cake, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Co-
burn, Cornell, Dixon, Donnelly, Edwards, Ferry,
Glopsbrenner. G"0ss, Halsey, Hcaton, Hill, Asanel W.
Hubbard, Richard P. llubbnrd, Kcllcy Kellogg,
Kitchen, Logan, Lynch, McCartny, RlcCultough,
Morrell, Morrissey, ftewcomb, Numu Pettis, i lerce.
Pile, Poland. Polsley, Pomeroy,Prince, ltaum, Ross,
SitKreavcs,Taylor. Thomas. JolmTrimble. Lawrence
S. Trimble. Van Wyck. Vidal, Eiihu B. Washburne,
John T.Wilson, and Wood—6U.
So (two-thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the motion to suspend the rules was dis-
agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. WINDOM said: I move to dispense
with the reading of the names in the roll-call.
Mr. GARFIELD. I object. I wish to see
how they compare with the list wh&n we passed
this same bill by a vote of 110 to 33.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles ; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. E. No. 1564) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States for the yea,r
ending June 30,1870 ; and
An act (H. 11. No. 1596) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1870.
TAKIFJ? BILL.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move to lay aside in
Committee of the Whole cm the state of the
Union the Indian appropriation bill and all
other preceding special orders so as to take
up the tariff bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Does that
require a two-thirds vote ?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule to be found on page 182 of the Digest.
The Clerk read as follows :
"A special order may be postponed by a majority
vote. And according to the usage, whenever tho
time arrives for the consideration ot a. special ordei
in Committee of the Whole the same may be post-
poned by a vote in the House."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to go to business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I do not yield for that
motion.
The SPEAKER. But after the morning
hour it is in order to move to go to business on
the Speaker's table.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have the
right to take you off your feet to make that
motion. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read from
the Digest on this point.
The Clerk read as follows:
41 It is an invariable practice, too, to Pe£mtt ameim-
ber upon the expiration of the morning hour to t^KO
the floor, even though another may Be M
it, to make tho motion to proceed to business on tne
Speaker's table."'
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts is therefore in order.
Mr. MOORHEAD. This will be a test vote,
and we may as well try it on this as on any
other question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
74, noes 44.
Mr. MOORHEAD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 04, notvoting
66 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison,-Ames, Arnell, Axtell,
Baker, Baldwin, Beaman, Beatty, Beck, Benjatntn,
Bingham, Boles, Bowen, Boyden, Boyer, Brooks,
Buckley, Burr, Benjamin F.Butler,Callis,Cary,Clift,
Cook, COrley, Culiom, Delano, Bsgleston, Ela, Eld-
ridge, ThomasD.Eliot, JamesT. Elliott, FemsMox,
French, Garfield, Getz, Golladay, Gravely^ Grover,
Hamilton,Harding, Haughey,Higby, Hopkins, Hum-
phrey, Hunter, Ingersoll, Johnson, Alexander H.
Jones, ThomasL. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kerr  Knott,
Laflin, Lash, Loan, Mallory, Marshall, McCormick,
Mungen^Newsham, Niblack, Nicholson, Noma, Orth,
Phelps, Plants, Pruyn, Haam, Robinson, Schenok,
Shellabarger, Smith, Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Stover,
Taber. Taffe, Thomas, Tift, Twichell, Upson, Van
Trump, Henry I). Washburn, Whittemore, William
"Williams. James 1<\ Wilson, Windom, Woodward,
and Young—92. ^ „ _
NAYS—Messrs. DelosR. Ashley, Bailey,Benton,
Blaine, Boutwoll.Bvo'oniaH, Churchill.Cobb.Covode,
Dawes, Dickey, DriKgs, Eckley, Fields, Griswold,
Haight, Hawkins, Holman, Hotchkiss, Chester
Hubbard, Hulburd, Jenckes, Kelley, Kellogg.
Ketcham, Koontz,George V.Lawrence,WiIham Law-
rence, Maynard, McKee, JVIercur, Miller, Moore,
Moorhead, Mullins, Myers, Nunn, O NetII, Paine,
Perham. Peters, Poland, Price, Randall, Robertson,
Roots, Sawyer, Scofield, Selye, Shanks, Spalding,
Starkweather, Stevens, Sypher, Trowbridge, Van
Aernam, Van Auken. Robert T. Van Horn, Cadwal-
ader O. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Thomas Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wood-
bri d ^0*^64
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer,
James M.Ashley, Banks, Barnes, Barnum, Black-
burn,Blair, Bromwell, Buckland,Roderick 11. iJutler,
Cake, Chanter, Reader W.Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Co-
burn, Cornell. Deweese. Dixon, Dockery, Dodge.
Donnelly, Edwards, Farnsworth, Ferry, Glossbren-
ner. Oops, Gove, Halsey, Hcaton, hill. Hooper,
- Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Kelsey,
Kitchen, Lincoln, Logan, Longlindge, Lynch, Mar-
vin, McCarthy, McCullouch, Morrell, Morrissey,
Neweomb, Pottis, Pierce, Pike, Pile, Polsley, "om-
eroy, Prince,Ross,Sitgreaves, laylor, Johnlrimble,
Lawrence S. Trimble, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyok.
Vidal, Ward.ElihuB. Washburne, John 1. Wilson,
and Wood—66.
So the House agreed to proceed to the con-
sideration of business upon the Speaker's
table.
CIVIL SERVICE.
The first business upon the Speaker's table
was the following concurrent resolution from
the Senate :
Resolved bytheSenate, (the House of Representatives
concurring.) That a joint committee, to be composed,
of three members oi the Senate and five members of
the House of Representatives, shall be appointed at
the bcginnirigof thenextsession,in thesaroe manner
as other joint committees are appointed, which shall
continue during the Forty-First Congress, and shall
have leave to sit during the reeess of that Congress,
and whose duty itshall be to examine aDd report
upon the expediency of reorganmngthecivil service
iiithe several Departments of the Government, the
clerical force necessary in each, the rate of compen-
sation, and such regulations as will secure a more
economical and efficient performance of the civil
servicc.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the resolution
be concurred in ; and on that motion demanded
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was concurred m.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was concurred in ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RELIEF OF POOR IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There is
a bill. Mr. Speaker, from the Senate on the
Speaker's table, Senate bill No, 893, for the
temporary relief of the poor and destitute people
in the District; and 1 hope there will be no
objection to our taking it up and passing it at
this time.
Mr. McKEE. I object.
Mr. BOTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to suspend the rules;-'
