THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24}
to .send a man there who was in active ser-.
vice,
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator does
he want a military man to teach agriculture to
the people of Pennsylvania ?
Mr. CAMERON. No, of course not; but
the plowman has often been a good soldier.
I remember that old Stark was out plowing in
his field somewhere in the east when he
heard the guns of the British—there is a pic-
ture of it some place about here—and he left
the plow with the coulter sticking in the ground
and he went to the war. Everybody remem-
bers what he? said about Molly Stark.
I trust, Mr. President, in conclusion, that
this bill will pass, because we can take these
gentlemen who are now useless to the country
and "put them in a service where they will be.
exceedingly useful.
Mr.SPRAGUE. Wedonot wantitamended.
Mr. CAMERON. I think we do. I intend
to move the two amendments that I have indi-
cated.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, on reflection, will
hardly insist upon his first amendment, that the
officers detailed shall be only those who are on
the retired list. That is a subject which may
with much greater propriety be left to the Sec-
retary of War to determine. It may be that
there are not twenty retired officers suitable for
this purpose. That this plan of employing some
of our officers in this way is a good one I have
no doubt. In a college in which I have some
interest, in New Jersey, there is an officer who
is.doing very valuable service there at this time.
I suggest that the other amendment in the
eighth line, "and allowances," be stricken out
for this reason let: them have full pay without
allowances, and let the institution which em-
ploys them supply that by way of salary; it is
but little for them to do. That is the arrange-
ment in the case to which I refer in New Jersey.
There the institution pays as much as the Gov-
ernment does, that being a case where the
officer is on half-pay, being on the retired list.
Mr. CAMERON. That is just what my
motion is, to make the bill perfect so that there
can be doubt about it. The Senator from New
Jersey says the college with which he has a
connection makes that bargain. I want to
make this thing so positive that the Secretary
of War shall designate nobody to go to one of
these institutions except upon these condi-
tions. It is adding just so much to his com-
pensation.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. I suggest to the
Senator to strike out the words ''and allow-
ances," but do not put in the words " on the
retired list." Let the Secretary take whom
he pleases.
Mr. CAMERON. I would not agree to do
that, because I want those who are fit for active
service to do duty in the field. Every man
who is fit for service and paid by the Govern-
ment ought to be in the field. 1 want to take
the meritorious classes who are retired because
of age and yet move in the vigor of youth.
For instance, there is the Senator from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Spragtte;] although he is a very
old man age has no more impaired his powers
than it has mine. [Laughter.] If he were in
the Army he could perform all these duties
justaswellas a younger man. I remember
how well and how gallantly he came here—
the first man with a regiment at the beginning
of the war, old as he is—and gladdened the
heart of every loyal man in this District. Why
should he be deprived, if he belonged to the
regular Army now, of an opportunity of being
useful in this respect? I insist on my amend-
ment, and I trust the Senate will adopt it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Old men, I have observed,
are always exceedingly fond of young men, and
when^ they have anything to do, in compan-
ionship or otherwise, they generally select that
class of men for their companions. Now, in
this case, being an old man myself, I am con-
vinced that young men will better perform the
service of professors aud teachers in our col-
leges among young men, than old, retired, or
broken down men; and for that reason I am
opposed to the proposition of my honorable
friend from Pennsylvania, and I trust it will
not prevail.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to withdraw the
amendment inserting the words "and allow-
ances," and let the bill stand as it came from
the House of Representatives.
Mr. WARNER. I hope the Senator will
not withdraw that amendment..
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment reported by the committee is withdrawn.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the bill be read as it
stands without the amendment.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Be it enacted, <£;c., That all officers detailed to give
military instruction in colleges and universities un-
der the provisions of an act entitled " An aet to in-
crease and tlx the military peace establishment of
tbe United States," approved July 28, 18l5S, shall
while so detailed be entitled to tbe full pay of their
respective grades the same as if they were in active
service.
Mr. WILSON. This bill comes to us from
the House, and the Committee on Military
Affairs agreed to insert the words " aud allow-
ances." That amendment was pending ; but I
withdraw the amendment, and if the bill passes
it will not have to go back to the House. I
want to get through with it some time to-night.
Mr. FOWLER. I have but one remark to
make. Two Senators supporting the bill have
furnished me with arguments against the whole
bill. I should place the arguments in a reverse
position to that in which they were offered. One
says that there is much gained by detailing
officers for the purpose of instructing these
schools so as to practically turn the attention
of our youth to military subjects. The other
says that we have had wars, and that we may
have wars again. That is unquestionably true.
If we turn the attention of the youth of the
country to military subjects by detailing Army
officers for this purpose and making every col-
lege of one hundred and fifty pupils a military
school you will unquestionably have wars again.
Now, sir, I should much prefer, if these
gentlemen are going to turn their attention to
the instruction of youth, that they should go
into our colleges and teach the scholars science
and morality, and leave the instruction of the
manual alone, and leave all military subjects
out of the schools. I should greatly prefer
that the Government of the United States
should detail or pay seme good old Quaker
ministers, either male or female, to take the
place of these military gentlemen in instructing
the youth of the country in the arts of peace
and the love of peace, and entirely averse to
martial questions. I think no greater evil can
result to the American people than this tend-
ency to instruct our youth in military science,
and to increase the martial spirit of the people,
which is already far beyond what it ought to
be, perhaps beyond that of any other people
in the world. We want these colleges to direct
the attention of the youth to the arts of peace,
and of peace alone. If we are going to make
the colleges in the different States military
schools let us dispense with the enormous
expense of supporting the Military Academy at
West Point.
Again, there is another argument in favor of
dispensing with the expense of that Academy.
I have heard some Senator argue to-night that
by detailing military men in this way they gain
more expansive views and greater knowledge
of our people, greater knowledge of the coun-
try, &c. That may be true; and if so it fur-
nishes me with a very adequate argument against
supporting the West Point Academy any longer.
Let us dispense with that institution.
Again, if our best officers are brought from
the plow, and men can conduct great military
Operations without any military education at
all, we can dispense with all these schools.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say a word in
reply to the Senator from Tennessee. These
gentlemen will not only teach the art of war,
but we all know that in addition to their knowl-
edge of war tactics they are generally highly
educated. In the first place, they are the best
mathematicians in the country as a class. They
are often very good engineers. Sometimes they
are French scholars. They always have a sys-
tematic education, and I think, with hardly an
exception, they are gentlemen highly qualified
as instructors; and whether we require them
as teachers of the art of war or not, they will
be valuable in our seminaries and colleges. I
would detail them to this service for that reason.
In addition to that I would take them because
there is a class-of meritorious officers who have
been retired and many more who will be retired
only because they have lived too long in the
way of somebody else. When they are retired
they do not get compensation enough to enable
them to live as comfortably as they did before.
I would give them their full pay proper, which
is probably not half what an officer now gets
in pay and allowances. Wherever there is a
meritorious retired officer in the neighborhood,
I would allow his neighbors to select him as
the principal of a college, and then go to the
Secretary of War for his approbation, aud let
that man be detailed for that service. The
Secretary of War, as I said awhile ago, refused
to send a man in active service that the agri-
cultural college in my State called for. I do
not think the officer knew much about agricul-
ture ; but he knew a great deal about mathe-
matics and other things. I think this bill is
eminently proper for many reasons, but espe-
cially because it will provide places for those
meritorious retired officers—one-armed and
one-legged heroes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If it be in fact desirable
to connect military studieswith the ordinary
studies of our colleges, there is very little dif-
ficulty about that. If this important institu-
tion in New York desires to do so there is no
trouble about it. There are now in every
county in the United States men who are well
trained as military men, capable of teaching
pure milifary science, whose services can be
obrained by the colleges to fill a military pro-
fessorship at very little cost; at a reasonable
salary, at least; perhaps, at a much less salary
than we pay the officers of the regular Army.
I do not care about discussing on this occasion
whether it is best to connect military studies
with the ordinary studies of colleges. I have
my doubts about that; but if the colleges wish
to do so then let them do it.
Mr. President, this bill is but an entering
wedge. First, from the regular Army, sup-
ported by the Government, we furnish to col-
leges professors of military science. Then the
next proposition will be that we shall furnish
men competent to teach engineering. It is
known that many of our officers are very skill-
ful engineers ; that their education at West
Point has qualified them in a veiy superior
degree to teach engineering ; and it is a very
useful study in colleges. I do not agree with
the Senator from Pennsylvania, that they will
be very useful in teaching agriculture. The
spear will have to be converted into thej>low-
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator will allow
me to suggest that I did not say they would be
useful in teaching agriculture, except that I
believed that the study of mathematics and
everything that tends to cultivate the mind will
improve agriculture.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then the next step,
as I said, will be to call from the Army, from
the duties of their profession in the engineer
corps, men to fill the professorships of engi-
neering. Then, perhaps, it will go still further,
and all professorships will be filled by military
men.
I was going to offer an amendment to this
bill to repeal the section in the act of 1866.
That is what I think ought to be done ; but as
Senators say that these chairs are not likelyto
be filled from the Army unless we increase the
pay, perhaps to defeat this bill will answer
every purpose ; and after a short time I know
that propositions of this sort will not be enter-
tained. In lbOO, just at the closc of the wafj
when there was a good deal of military spirit
in Congress as well as out of Congress, a bill
