776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
. 'XhsHonse divided; and there werev-i
90, noes 18.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were suspended and the bill was
bro--lit before the House.
>. lue bill was read a first and second time.
It appropriates $30,000 for the temporary relief
of the poor and destitute population i>  the
District of Columbia, to be expended undpr the
supervision and direction of the mayor of the
city of Washington, the mayor of the city of
Georgetown, and the presidentof the levy court
in tiie District of Columbia.
Mr. BU l'LEli, of Massachusetts. I demand
the previous question on the third reading of
the bill.
' Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman will
1st me move to amend the bill so as to include
the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield for that purpose.
Mr. McKEE. I make the point of order
thiit as this is an appropriation bill it must,
under the rules, have its first consideration in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. It is an appropriation bill,
bat tlie' flonse suspended that with all other
rules for tike purpose of considering it in the
House at the preseint time.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
82, noes 30.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. McKEE moved that the bill be laid on
the table.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
29, noes 90.
Mr. BENJAMIN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McKEE moved that the House do now
adjourn.
The House divided ; and there were—-ayes
46, nays 70.
Mr. McKEE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. McKee, and
Mr. Btm,Kiiof Massachusetts, were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 41, noes 74.
Mr. McKEE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yens and nays were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on themotian to
lay on the table.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 39, nays 104, not voting
7!); us follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Baldwin, Beatty, Benjamin,
Benton, Boydcn, Buoliley. Burr, Oallis, Churchill,
Deweese, Dock cry, iluight.Hu tnil ton, Hawk ins, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Kolsey, Lash,
(reorgeV. Lawrence, Loan, Loughridge, Maynard,
McKee, Mcrcur, Moore, Moorhead, Mullins, Nunn,
Robertson, Seolield. Solyo, Shanks, Stover,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, and William Wil-
liams—39.
NAYS —Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Axtell, Bailey,
Beamart. Beck, Bingham. Blaine, Boles, Boutwell,
Boweri, Bojer, Broomall, Benjamin lf. Butler. Cary,
Oiit't, (Jobb, Cook, Corley, Cullom, Delano, Dickey,
Dot lire, Drisrgs, Ela, Eldrid&e, Thomas D. Eliot., James
T. Elliott. F.irnsworth, Ferriss, Fox, French. Garfield,
OetK, trolladay, Gove, Grnswold, Hardin}?, Haughey,
llisby, [[olm.ui, Hooper, Hopkins, liotchkiss,Hum-
phrey, Jngcrsoll. Jcnekes. Johnson, Alexander II.
Jones. T iom.is L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kcl-
log'fj, Kerr. KoontB, L.iflin, Lincoln,Malfory, Marvin,
McCorcruek, Miller, Mungcn, Myers. Niblack, Nich-
olson, Morris, O'Neill, Ortb, Paine, Pei-h/iin, Peters,
Pierce, Pike, Plants, Price, Prince, Randall. Raurn,
Hoots, Sawyer, Schcuck, Smith, Spalding, Stevens,
Stewart. Stokes. Stone. Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge,
Twichell, Van Aernam. Van Auken, Burt Van Horn,
Ileury D. Washourn, William B. Washburn. Welkcr,
James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Wood-
bridge, Woodward. u.nd Vonn%—104.
NUT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Ames, Anderson,
Archer, Deios R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Banks,
B.n nes.Barnimi,_Biaekb urn, Blair, Brom well. Brooks,
Bueklana, RoderickR.Butler,Cake, Chanler, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Cornell, Covode,
Dawes, Dixon,"Donnelly, Eekley. Edwards, Eggles-
ton, 1? erry. Fields, Glossbrenner, Gos«, Gravely, Gro-
ver, Halsev, Heaton, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard. Rich-
ard D. Hubbard, Keteham, Kitchen, Knott, William
Lawrence. Logan, Lynch, Marshall, McCarthy. Mc-
Cullousrh, Morrell, Morrissey, Newcomb, Newsham,
Pettis, Pbellis, Pile,Poland, rolsley,Poineroy, Pruyn,
Robinson, Ross, Shellabareer, Sitgreaves, Stark-
woatlier, Sypher. Taber, Tift, John Trimble, Law-
rence S. Trimble, Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, Van
:Xrnmp, Van Wyck, Vidal, Elihu B. Washbnrne,
Wbittemore,Thomas Williams, John T. Wilson, and
Wood—-79.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL moved toTeconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion, to reconsider be laid
on the table. ' .
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave op absence.
Mr. Pruyn, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave of absence for the rest of the
day.
new war department building.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmitting a copy of the
circular addressed to the architects of the
United States relative to the new War Depart-
ment building, and asking an appropriation of
$0,000 for the premiums awarded thereby ;
which were referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations.
miss vinnie ream.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, relating to the contract with Vitinie
Ream for a life-sized statue of President Lin-
coln, and recommending an appropriation of
$5,000 to pay the installment now due to her
under the contract; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
withdrawal op papers. ■ '
On motion of Mr. JONES, of North Caro-
lina, leave was granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the petition of an
ex-United States soldier of the second regiment
North Carolina mounted infantry for reference
to the Senate.
On motion of Mr. HOLMAN, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the tiles of the
House of the papers in the case of 0. P. Cobb
and others for. reference to the Senate.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hamlin, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed a joint resolu-
tion (S. E. No. 204) relative to the Depart-
ment of the Interior, and requesting the con-
currence of the House.
duty on copper, etc.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was an amendment of the Senate to House bill
No. 14C0, regulating the duties on imported
copper and copper ores.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to suspend the
rules, so as to consider the amendment to the
bill now.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. BROOKS. What will be the effect on
this bill if the House now adjourns?
The SPEAKER. This business will come
up the first thing on next Monday after the
morning hour.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at twenty minutes past four o'clock p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AXTELL: The petition of Jonathan
Havens, Thomas Heath, and others, citizens
of Santa Cruz county, California, praying for
a post, route between the towns of Santa Cruz
and Felton, in said eounty.
By Mr. BECK: A petition of the merchants
and dealers in distilled spirits, residing in the
seventh Kentucky district, praying for a modi-
fication of the internal revenue law of July 20,
1808, and especially of sections twenty-three
and (ifty-six of said act.
By Mr. BUCKLEY: The petition of Judge
G. VV. Thagard and 20 others, citizens of Cren-
shaw county, Alabama, praying for a change
of mail route 7152 running from Greenville,
Butler county, to Troy, Pike county, in the
State of Alabama.
By Mr. BURLEIGH. A remonstrance of
the citizens of Union county, Dakota Terri-
tory, against t.he bill now pending in Congress
for the disorganization of said Territory.
By Mr. GARFIELD: A petition of citi-
zens of eastern Pennsylvania, for an appropri-
ation to the funds of the National Homestead
for Soldiers' Orphans at Gettysburg, Pennsyl-
vania.
Also, the petition of Mary Ann Richmond,
for a pension.
By Mr. GRAVELY: The petitions of Lang-
don Scruggs, William M. Tredway, and John L.
Scruggs, of Pittsylvania county, Virginia, pray-
ing to have the disabilities imposed upon them
by the Constitution removed. ■ .
By Mr. HAMILTON: A joint resolution
and memorial from the Legislature of Florida,
praying for the establishment of certain mail
lines in West Florida.
Also, a remonstrance againstfurtberincrease
of duty on imported iron and steel, from presi-
dents of Florida Central, Pensacola and Geor-
gia, and Tallahassee railroads.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia; The
petition of A. F. Haymond and others, mem-
bers of the bar practicing it) the circuit court
of the United States for the district of West
Virginia,.asking the remo'vafof said court from
thecity of Parkersburg to the city of Wheeling.
By Mr. HUMPHREY:' A memorial of
the professors of the Medical University of
Buffalo and the officers,and members of the
Erie county Medical Society, asking for the pas-
sage of a law reorganizing the medical corps
of the United States Navy. •
By Mr. H UN TEH : -The petition of Joel W.
Curtis, to be reimbursed out of annuities due
from the United States to the Kiowa and Co-
manche Indians for property stolen from him
by a band of Indians belonging to said tribe.
Also, a petition of various citizens of Mon-
roe and Greene counties, Indiana, fora weekly
mail,route from Hobbieville, Greene county,
to Harrodsburg, Monroe county, jn said State,
via Buena Vista, in the county of Monroe.
By Jlr. JUDD : A petition of business men
of Chicago, asking the restriction of the powers
of the Secretary of the Treasury in relation to
the sale of bonds.
By Mr. JULIAN: A petition of citizens
of Louisiana, praying relief as settlers on lands
granted in aid of railroads which have been
lorfeited but not legally opened to settlement.
By Mr. LOGAN: The petition and papers
of Mrs. Mary J. Clark, of Piasa, Illinois, ask-
ing a special act granting pension on account
of the deatb of her husbaud, Isaac W. Clark,
of the sixty-sixth Illinois volunteers, who died
in Andersonville prison.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition of Captain
Richard Buckaloo, of Cedarville, New Jersey,
praying protection by Congress from illegal
taxes on vessels engaged in the oyster trade
by the State of Virginia.
By Mr. PHELPS; Resolutions of the Corn
and Flour Exchange of Baltimore, protesting
against any further postponement of the fifty
per cent, provision of the bankrupt law.
By Mr. RAUM: The petition of A. G.
.Holden, mayor of the city of Cairo, Illinois,
and others, praying an appropriation of money
to the Sisters of the Holy Cross for the erection
of a marine hospital at Cairo, Illinois, to be
under the control of said Sisters.
By Mr. SCHENCK: Additional papers in
support of the claim of Thomas Worthnigton,
of Ohio.
^ By Mr. VAN AUKEN: The petition of
Samuel B. Hutchinson, guardian, for a pen-
sion to Mary Ann Shurloek, sister of Samuel
Shurloek, deceased, a captain in the late war.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisoonsin: A
