1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
777
remonstrance of the board of supervisors of
Burnett county, Wisconsin, against the exten-
sion ofa land grant therein named.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania^ The
petition of L. M. Orr and 91 others, citizens
of Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, playing for
such an amendment of the Constitution of the
United States as shall recognize Almighty God
as the source of all authority in civil govern-
ment, and Jesus Christ as Ruler among the
nations.
notice of a bill.
The following notice for leave to introduce
a bill was given under the rule:
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts: A
bill to pay Widow Saekett for a horse lost by
her husband in the late war.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 2, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. FERRY, andby unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
credentials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the credentials of Hon. Matthew H. Carpen-
ter, elected by the Legislature of Wisconsin a
Senator from that State for the term commenc-
ing March 4, 1869; which were read, and
ordered to be filed.
executive communications.
Th'e PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting a communication, dated
the 23d ultimo, from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, inclosing a copy of a letter from the
Chickasaw commissioners in relation to an an-
nuity of $3,000 to which the Chickasaws are
entitled under the aot of Congress of 25th of
February, 1799, and the tenth article of the
treaty of July 10, 1866, with the Choctaw and
Chickasaw tribes ; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has received a petition from various citizens of
the United Stales, praying Congress to adopt
measures for amending the preamble of the
Constitution of the United States so as to read
in substance as follows :
"We, tho people of the United States, humbly
acknowledging Almighty God as the source of all
authority and power in civil government, the Lord
Jesus Christ as the ruler among the nations, and His
revealed will as supreme authority, in order to con-
stitute Christian government^ and in order to form a
more perfect union, establish justice, in'urc domestic
tranquillity, provide for the common defense, and
promote the general welfare, do ordain and establish
this Constitution for the United States of Amerioa."
And they further ask that such changes be
introduced into the body of the Constitution
as may be necessary to give effect to these
amendments in the preamble. This memorial
will be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also pre-
sented the petition of Aaron W. Scheffey, pray-
ing the passage of a bill granting pensions to
the soldiers of the war of 1812; which was
ordered to He on the table.
He also presented the memorial of the Legis-
islative Assembly of the Territory of Montana,
in favor of the construction of a military road
from Musselshell to Ellis ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented the memorial of the Legis
lative Assembly of the Territory of Montana
asking for an amendment to the organic act
of the Territory of Moil tana; which was referred
to the Committee on Territories.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis
lative Assembly of the Territory of Montana,
praying for the construction of a military roac.
from some point on the Union Pacific railroad
near Rox Elder, Utah Territory, to Helena
City, Montana Territory ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Montana,
asking for an appropriation for the relief of the
MontanaHistoricalSocietyj which was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Montana,
praying for a treaty with the Crow Indians,
protecting the rights of the citizens of Montana
in the valley of the Yellowstone; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Montana,
praying for an appropriation for the establish-
ment of a branch mint in the Territory of
Montana; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Montana,
praying for the removal of the Flathead Indians
from the Bitter Root valley, in the county of
Missoula, to their reservation on the Jocko;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
• Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of the
American Atlantic Cable Telegraph Company,
praying an amendment to the act to^incorpor-
ate that company by which their rights may
be clearly defined, and that they may be allowed
to select the most practicable routo to Europe;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads. • •
Mr. SPENCER presented the memorial of
the Mobile Board of Trade, praying aid in the
improvement of the river, bay, and harbor of
Mobile; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr.WILLEY presented the petition of John
B. Watts, praying, a removal of the political
disabilities imposed on him by acts of Con-
gress ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROY. J have received from the
State of Kansas a petition numerously signed
in the following, words :
" Believing that it is contrary to the principles of
a republican Government to deprive any class of Citi-
zens of the elective franchise, and that 'no taxa-
tion without representation ' applies equally to men
and women, we do hereby petition Oofagress to ex-
tend the right of suffrage to the women of the Dis-
trict of Columbia."
I move that this petition be referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of John
R. Edieand others, officers of the United Slates
Army, praying an increase of compensation j
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. _ •
Mr. WILSON. I present the petition of
Charles Woolley, C. H. Waters, J. W. Parker,
and others, asking aid to the National Home-
stead at Gettysburg for the orphans of soldiers
and sailors of the United States. I move its
reference to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HOWE. I object to that reference.
The Committee on Claims has business enough
legitimately belonging to it without being cum-
bered with this kind of prayer, which certainly
does not belong to that committee. There is
no claim preferred against the United States.
It asks for some charity. I hope thatcertainly
it will not be referred to the Committee on
Claims. Let it be referred to some committee
that has nothing to do.
Mr. FERRY. I move its reference to the
Committee on Education. That is the proper
place for it.
The PRESIDENT pro teihpore. The ques-
tion will be put on referring if to the commit-
tee first named, the Committee on Claims.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is now
moved that the petition be referred to the Com-
mittee on Education.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of cit-
izens of Ohio, praying for such an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States as: will
fully acknowledge the obligations of the Chris-
tian religion ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have received and
been requested to present the petition of J. B.
Charlton, M. D. Campbell, Thomas Boon, and
some fifty others, citizens of the State of Illi-
nois, chiefly of Monmouth, in that State, ask-
ing that the Constitution be so amended us to
recognize Almighty God as the source of all
authority and power in civil government, and
the Lord Jesus Christ as the Ruler among the
nations. I move its reference to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate
proceed to the onsideration of the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 202) more effectually to insure
the completion of the Union Pacific railroad
and its branches according to law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 hope the Senator will
let. us get through with the morning business.
Mr. HOWARp., Let me take this up first,
and then I will give way.
The PRESIDENT®pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to take up the joint reso-
lution at this time.
Mr. COLE. I think we ought to get through
with the morning business first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in the
power of any Senator to object.
Mr.VICKERS. I object until we get through
with the morning business. I have a petition
to present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objectioft
being made the motion cannot be considered
at this time.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to state the char-
acter of flie resolution which I wish to take
up, if the Senate will allow me.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
is made.
Mr. VICKERS presented the memorial of
Patterson and Murguiendo, in relation to the
claim of the United States and of the memo-
rialists to the island of Alt.a Vela ; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
reports of committees.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
852) for the relief of the Drew Theological
Seminary, of Madison, New Jersey, reported
it back, and recommended its indefinite post-
ponement.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of the University of
Virginia, praying for the remission of duties
on certain apparatus, &c., for which the uni-
versity has sent to Europe, reported it back,
and recommended its indefinite postponement.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. With reference
to the bill reported back by the Senator from
Ohio, asking that it be indefinitely postponed,
the bill for the relief of the Drew Theological
Institute of New Jersey, who ask to bq,relieved
from certain taxation, I desire that it m$y lie
upon the table. My colleague was interested
in that subject, and desires to bring it to the
consideration of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not ask for any
action unon it at all.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I thought that
the motion was that itbeindefinitelypostponed.
Mr. SHERMAN.- No; it was simply a
recommendation that it be indefinitely post-
poued.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary asks to be discharged from the con-
sideration of petitions from several thousand
persons, asking that in the amendment to the
Constitution it shall be so amended that there
shall be no discrimination in the right of suf-
frage on account of sex. As that subject is
now before the Senate the coir mittee ask to be
discharged from the further r.onsideration of
these petitions, and that they lie on the table.
I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
