THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
tlfey only getthe pay proper. I would allow
them to render such services as they are
eagafale of performing to these institutions,
and reeeive such compensation as the institu-
tions choose to give them.
"Mr. FOWLER. I am of the opinion that
these officers, if they are detailed for this pur-
pose, should have all the pay they would get
if they were in the Army. I see no reason why
we Should eut short their pay at all. If the
Government hag in its service a body of men
for whom it has no use whatever, and details
them for the purpose of instruction in the col-
leges of the country, in my judgment it ought
to pay them the same as if they were in the
Army. If it has use for these officers for Army
purposes it had betterdevote them exclusively
to Army uses. I understand that it cannot use
them in that way, that we have more officers
than we want. I think so. We have altogether
more Army than we need.
While I attribute to these gentlemen the very
highest qualifications and the very highest sci-
entific attainments, I am opposed to making
all the institutions of the country military in-
stitutions. I do not think that the Congress
of the-United States could do a worse thing
than to foster such institutions in the country.
I do not believe that there was any cause that
tended more actively to bring on the rebellion
in the southern States than the institution of
a large number of military sehools of this kind
there. It fostered in that portion of the coun-
try an undue military spirit; and such will be
the case through the whole country under this
bill. We have too much martial spirit in the
United States; and for that reason we ought
to discourage this kind of education entirely.
It is not the kind of education that the spirit of
the age and the spirit of civilization require.
The fewer wars we have the better." There is
very little ever gained by any war; and cer-
tainly there is nothing gained by war that can-
not be gained by peaceable means. Therefore
I am opposed to the whole bill, and will move
to lay it on the table.
Mr. WILSON. I was about to move to lay
the bill on the table. I have several other
bills that I desire to have acted upon, and we
have sacrificed enough time already on this one.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will wait for a few moments.
Mr. WILSON. Look at the time and see
what we have to do. We shall lose all our
other bills if this debate continues.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I think by common con-
sent this bill is to be laid on the table, aud in
that event I desire to call up a bill from the
Military Committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator move to lay the bill on the table ?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question is on that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. *
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clixtox Llotd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the Speaker of the House had
signed the enrolled bill (H. R. No. 2003) to
authorize the county commissioners of Ada
county, Idaho, to select a site for a territorial
prison, and the enrolled bill (H. R. No. 2004)
establishing the term of office of the house
of representatives, and providing for biennial
sessions of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Montana; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore.
GEORGE W. SHOUT.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I now move to take up
House bill No. 1878.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider She bill (H. R. No. 1878) for the re-
lief of George W. Short. It directs the Pay-
master General to pay to George W. Short, late
captain of company 1>, sixty-third regiment of
Illinois volunteers, out of any money appro-
priated for the pay of the Army, three months
pay proper of a captain of infantry.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
LEONIDAS SMIin.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I now move to take up
House bill No. 1280.
The motion was agreed to : and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1280) for the
relief of Lieutenant Leonidas Smith, late of the
twenty-second regiment Indiana volunteer in-
fantry. It requires the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to audit and allow to Lieutenant Leonidas
Smith, late of company K, twenty-second regi-
ment Indiana volunteer infantry, the full pay
and allowances of a first lieutenant in the act-
ive serve in the Army in the late war, from the
28th of February, 1863, to the 23d of January,
1804, in full payment for unpaid salary and
allowances for that period of time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There was
an amendment reported to this bill, which will
1)6 rcftd
Mr. SPRAGUE. I withdraw the amend-
ment, so that, the bill may be put upon its
passage.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
H. A. WHITE.
Mr. ABBOTT. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1868.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1868) for the re-
lief of H. A. White. It directs the Paymaster
General to pay to H. A. White, late captain
of company C, third regiment of North Caro-
lina mounted infanty, out of any money appro-
priated for the pay of the Army, the full pay
and allowances of a captain of infantry from
October 1-3, 1S64, to August 8, 1865.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
DRAFTED MEN.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate take
up House bill No. 421.
The morion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 424J amendatory of an act entitled "An
act for the relief of certain drafted men," was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
repeals so much of the second section of an
act entitled "An act for the relief of certain
drafted men," approved the 28th of Febru-
ary, 1867, as provides that the section " shall j
apply only to claims received at the Wrar Depart-
ment prior to its passagebut all claims under
the second section of that act are to be pre-
sented and filed within two years from the
date of the final passage of this act, and not
afterwards.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
military instructors.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to give way for a mo-
mentto enable me to call up the bill (H. R. No.
1490) to define the pay of officers of the Army
detailed to act as military instructors, that we
may pass it by general consent with the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Massachu-
setts. I think there is no objection to it, and
I hope it will be allowed to pass.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Thayer
in the chair.) Does the Senator from Vermont
submit a motion?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir; I
submit a motion to take up the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection?
Mr. SHERMAN. It would not be exactly
right after the two Senators from Pennsylvania
have gone out of the Chamber to take up the
bill.
Mr.'MORRILL, of Vermont. DoestbeSen-
ator from Ohio object?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is not fair. I
object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think the
bill has not been treated fairly for an hour and
a half.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am in favor of the bill;
but as two Senators who opposed it have left
the Chamber supposing that it had gone over,
I do not think it would be exactly right to take
it up again in their absence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the motion to be withdrawn.
WIDOWS OF GENERAL OFFICERS.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up
House bill No. 1741.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. 11. No. 1741) granting
an increase of pension to Emily B. Bidwell,
widow of Brigadier General Daniel D. Bid-
well, aud to Sarah Hackleman, widow of Briga-
dier General Pleasant A. Hackleman. The
bill directs the -Secretary of the Interior to
place on the pension-roll the name of Emily
B. Bidwell, widow of the late Brigadier Gen-
eral Daniel D. Bidwell, for a pension at the
rate of fifty dollars per month from the 19th
of October, 1804, on which day General Bid-
well fell mortally wounded at the battle of
Cedar Creek, Virginia, to continue during
widowhood. The pension heretofore allowed
her under general law is to be discontinued ;
but the sum received by her under it is to
be deducted from the pension hereby granted.
The bill also directs the Secretary of the
Interior to place on the pension-roll the name
of Sarah Hackleman, widow of the late Briga-
dier General Pleasant A. Hackleman, for a
pension, at the rate of fifty dollars per month
from the 3d day of October, 1862, on which
day General Hackleman fell mortally wounded
at the battle of Corinth, to continue during her
widowhood. The pension heretofore allowed
her under general law is to be discontinued;
but the sum received by her under it is to be
deducted from the pension hereby granted.
The pensions hereby granted are to be subject
to the provisions of the general pension law.,
except as to the amount as above provided
for. The bill also proposes to repeal an act
entitled "An act granting an increase of pen-
sion to Emily B. Bidwell. widow of Brigadier
General Daniel D. Bidwell, and to Sarah
Hackleman, widow of Brigadier General Pleas-
ant A. Hackleman," approved July 27, 1868.
Mr. WILSON. I offer an amendment—and
this is all I have for to-night—to add as an
additional section the following :
And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of the
Interior be. and he is hereby, directed to pay Mrs.
Sallie Griffin, widow of the late General Griffin,Uni-
ted States Army, whose name is now on the list of
pensioners, the sum of fifty dollars per month during
her widowhood, in lieu of the pension she is now
receiving.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I do not want to debate
this bill. 1 wish tc inquire whether it is reported
in acoordatice with the rules on the subject of
pensions in regard to the amount which is to
be allowed in the particular cases?
Mr. WILSON. The bill was referred to the
Committee on Pensions, and that committee
took the subject under consideration, and then
reported the bill back and had it referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and we
reported the bill under those circumstances.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I do not wish to oppose
a pension bill; but I do not think it will
answer to break down a general rule, and pass
a bill allowing as a pension to one or two
widows an amount which is not in accordance
with the ordinary rule. If we do that for these
persons we shall have to change the whole
system of pensions, at least as to officers of
this grade. I do not think we ought to pass
this bill in the absence of the chairman of the
Committee on Pensions without some inform-
ation in regard to the effect that will be pro-
duced by it.
Mr. WILSON. I will say frankly to the
