ME .COKGFRISSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21-
.' if there be afry ease in which it was proper
t  give a pension of fifty dollars, I apprehend
that no Senator will question that the widow of
General Hacklernan is a proper case, and I
should not wish a discrimination made agaiust
her- While we give fifty dollars to other
widows of brigadier generals I insist that the
same shall be given to Mrs. Haetlemati.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, the argu-
ment-of ray friend frame Indiana seems to pro-
ceed upon the basis that if we have taken one
step in the path of injustice to the whole class
of widows and orphans of this rebellion we
must tafeajeimilar • steps and continue to go
wrong. Now, I do not stand up here to say
that Mrs.- Hacklernan, so far as she is con-
cerned, ought not to have fifty dollars a month
or one hundred dollars a month. A thousand
dollars a month will not make her good for her
loss. . Nobody disputes any such proposition
as that; but I stand up for the whole body of
the widows and orphans of this war who are
as respectable and as needy and as sorrowful j
as this lady, to whom we. say, if a private sol- 1
dier's widow, "you can have eight dollars or j
ten dollars," whatever the rate is per month, j
"and no more." Their tears have been just i
as bitter, their sufferings are just as great, as
those of the widows of brigadier generals who
have, as my friend says his particular constit-
uent has, a handsome house to live in.
If the country was rich enough to pay the
debt of gratitude that it owes to the memory
of these soldiers, and to pay the debt of duty
as far as it has the means of paying it to the
widows and orphans of these soldiers, I would
go not only for paying the widows of brigadier
generals fifty dollars a month, but for paying
all other soldiers' widows whatever was neces-
sary to make them and their children com-
fortable, no matter how much the sum might
be ; but we all know that that cannot be done,
and that every dollar in excess that we pay to
the widows of high officers, ladies in respect-
able and influential positions who can get the
ear of Senators at any time in the marble
room, is so mnch really that better belongs to
this poorer, more needy, and as sorrowful body
of widows and orphans who cover the land
who are in greater want than they are. That,
in my opinion, is the argument, not because I
should be opposed to giving to these particular
widows, if we were able to do it, all that they
want; but in doing that to them we are com-
mitting a great injustice toward those who need
more and who deserve as much.
I agree that it is not right to give to five
widows and not give to otliers ; but if it was
wrong, as I am satisfied it was, to give this
large rate to the widows to whom we have given
it, it is no argument to me to say you must
continue to do wrong until you can raise the
whole pension-list by allowing the widows of
soldiers and petty officers and officers in the
line a greater pension than they now get ac-
cording to their needs. I am opposed to going
a single step or paying a single dollar more
than the same ratable proportion under the
law to (he widows of the higher officers.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, whenever
we change this system of pensions we ought to
do it by a general law. I have no objection to
giving the widow of every general who died on
the battle-field, or who died at home in conse-
quence of his services on the battle-field, a
pension of fifty dollars a month, but I will not
agree to that until you give it to them all. Last
year I objected to two or three of these cases
that we.re sought to be put through by appeals
to the sympathies of Senators who have great
iafluence in this body, because, in my judg-
ment, the proposition is wrong. Last year,
when I went up into Columbia counly. where
my colleague lives, I found a highly-educated
woman sewing for her living, and she said to
me thather neighbors had bought her a sewing-
machine. I knew her years ago when her hus-
band and she were prosperous; he was a wagon
maker. He had three children when the war
began. She was a highly-educated woman,
fitted to go into any society in this country. In
the enthusiasm of his patriotism he started out
as a private soldier, as thousands of others did.
He served for two or three years and was killed
in battle. She applied to some lawyer in the
neighborhood and shegot eight dollars a month
pension. She was just as fitted for the best
society as the wife of any major general in the
country, but she was poor, and she had three
children, and she had to take what she could
get. Why should she not have fifty dollars'?
if her husband had been killed on a railroad
she would have got at least an income of $300
a year, for in such a case in our State there
Would be no difficulty in getting five or ten
thousand dollars for the life of a vigorous,
active, and intelligent man that had a tamily.
But he is killed in the service of his country,
and she gets eight dollars a month and nobody
thinks about her, because her husband was a
private soldier! And yet in his home he was
just as respectable, just as influential in the
pursuits of iife as anybody around him. His
trade was that of a mechanic, but he had the
education of our public schools and he was an
educated man ; he was a useful man in every
way. Now, this general could not have been
more than that, although he was a lawyer, and
why should the wife of a lawyer who goes to the
war for any motive, the best motive you like,
if he happens to be killed, have more compen-
sation than the wife of a wagon-maker? Does
not a man who makes wagons and plows do as
much for the world as the man who lives in his
office, sometimes is learned and often not, and
who gets his compensation without as much
labor either of brain or body as the honest
mechanic ? I am in favor of this bill if you add
all ; and I am willing to make a motion that
the widow of every brigadier general who died
in battle or from wounds received in battle shall
have fifty dollars a month, and that the widow
of every private soldier who died in battle or
from wounds received in battle shall have
twenty dollars. I am willing to take that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, theargu-
ment of the Senator from Vermont and the
Senator from Penns}'lvania would have some
force if the allowance that is to be made to
Mrs. Hacklernan was to be taken from the
allowance that is made to the soldier's widow.
Mr. CAMERON. It is.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does not the soldier's
widow get her allowance whether this allow-
ance passes or not ?
Mr. CAMERON. She gets eight dollars and
the other fifty dollars.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from
Pennsylvania was once Secretary of War. Why
did not he think of it when he was Secretary
of War to say to Congress that the lawyer is
no better than the wagon-maker, and that if
the lawyer becomes a brigadier general it is not
right that he should have $5,000 a year and
the wagon-maker only thirteen dollars a month?
Mr. CAMERON. A How me to say just one
word there. The Secretary of War in 1861
did for the first time in the history of his coun-
try recommend that every man who would go
to the war should have a bounty of $100 paid
to him. It was the first time it was ever done.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator thinks
that is the first time it was ever done; I think
a bounty was allowed in the Mexican war.
Mr. CAMERON. No; not like that. No
bounty was given in the Mexican war except
land, which was moved also by the Senator
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think there was a
bounty in money allowed in the Mexican war,
but I am perfectly willing to concede cheerfully
to the Senator from Pennsylvania that he did
recommend that liberal allowance of $100 for
the wagon-maker and his associates.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania moved also compensation to soldiers
of the Mexican war—a quarter of a section of
land to each.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is all right now.
But the Secretary of War then and Senator
now did leave the difference between the briga-
dier and the soldier.
' Mr. CAMERON. No.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The difference that has
always been observed, that the brigadier shall
have high pay, honor, and advantages and that
the soldier shall have his thirteen or sixteen
dollars a month. Why that difference? It
may be arbitrary, but it has always been made;
and when you speak of compensating the briga-
dier by three or four hundred dollars a month
does the Senator from Pennsylvania bring it
up that the wagon-maker, who is a private
soldier, gets but sixteen dollars a month ? Why
this difference? There is no greater difference
proposed between the brigadier's widow by
this bill and the soldier's widow than the hon-
orable Senator as Secretary of War recog-
nized between the brigadier and the soldier,
now both dead.
Mr. DRAKE. Not so much.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, not near so much.
Thirteen dollars a month is scarcely perceived
in the compensation of a brigadier general;
and then, after it is all paid, the brigadier car-
ries off the glories of the battle when it is won.
Public sentiment and the laws of the country
both recognize this difference. It may be
wrong; but the difference between the com-
mander and the soldier was recognized before
this Government established it. Perhaps it is
necessary. I am not going to be called off by
the argument of the Senatorfrom Pennsylvania
to discuss that. This distinction is recoguized
and he proposes to recognize it now. If he
thinks the Treasury can afford to pay to "the
widows of soldiers who died in the service'
twenty dollars a month, and the committee
come to that conclusion, I will vote with them
if that be right and we can afford it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Can we afford it?
Mr. IIENDllICKS. I have not investigated
the subject. I know that the Treasury can pay
the half dozen more widows of brigadiers and
not be disturbed by it $600 a year—to a widow
whose husband was making as many thousand
dollars when he entered the service. Whether
the Senator wishes to recognize the difference
between the lawyer and the wagon-maker or
not in this debate in the Senate the fact did
exist that the lawyer could make much money
by his profession ; and he adandoned it, he
went into the service, and he died in "the ser-
vice and left his widow poor. She had been
accustomed to the habits of life which his in-
come as a lawyer brought and secured. .Now,
why not make her comfortable? Six hundred
dollars a year! There are not many of these
widows, I understand there are only very few,
whose husbands were brigadiers who died in
battle, perhaps not more than three or four
more. If I am mistaken it can be corrected.
The statement was made as to the number last
session, but I cannot recollect ju6t now the
number. I was astonished how few there were
of them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask my
friend a question, whether he means to argue
that we can pay the widows of brigadiers more
because they are few, and that we must deny
to the widows of captains and of private sol-
diers what they ought to have because they
are many ?
Mr. Hexdricks rose.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator will allow
meto say that I think the chairman of the com-
mittee knows that there are about four hun-
dred.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Oh, no.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think there
were ninety brigadiers and major generals
killed in the war.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Leaving widows?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not know
about that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the chair-
man of the committee if he lias informed
himself on the subject of the number.
Mr. WILSON. It is impossible to tell how
many of the widows of brigadier and major
generals who died in the service during the
war will ever make any application of the"
