1869.
TSE., CGMJRISSIO^L' &L<
kind. In my Stajte njrte general officers died
and twenty-five others were wounded.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How many line officers
from your State,?
Mr. WILSON. There were sixteen hun-
dred in all killed and wounded; about four
hundred died. There have been five cases, I
believe, during the war, where -jve have granted
this rate of pension, and this bill adds three
more. There have been I think quite a num-
ber of applications, but some of these general
officers left their widows in good condition,
comfortable in regard to the means of support;
others left them in a destitute condition. This
increase has only been given in very liard
cases. There have been five cases I think in
all, and this bill will add three more if it. shall
pass. I admit the fact that it is a doubtful
tiling and appeals a good deal to our feelings,
and our- judgment is somewhat against it.
We reported the bill with a good deal of
reluctance.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not going to take
up more time in discussing this matter. I have
done my duty to this widow. General Hackle-
man was my professional friend ; I knew him
very well; I met him often in the court-house;
I respected him for his ability.; I knew his
value t.o his family ; I know that there is no
soldier who fought under him who returned
with the loss of an arm or a leg, and there is
no widow of a soldier who fought under Gen-
eral Hackleman, that will think hard of the
Sajiate of the United States for giving his
widow this little allowance.
Mr. BUCKALEW. My objection to this
bill is -well illustrated by the speech of the
Senator from Indiana. If we are to take up
special bills outside of general rules either
imposed by law or by the practice of com-
mittees, their passage will depend upon the
accident of whether an effective appeal shall
be made to the Senate by some member on
behalf of the claimant upon.our bounty. If
some person, like the Senator from Indiana,
who lias the ear of the members, will tell us
some affecting particulars of the deceased or
of his widow, and it is understood that we-are
to pass bills of this kind, of course he will win ;
we shall pass his bill, and after a little we shall
find that we shall have to go over our pension
system and raise whole classes, perhaps nearly
double, as in the case here, going up from
thirty to fifty dollars a month. That is the
only reason why I stand up to object to this
bill, because this system is one which we dare
not venture upon with regard to the public
interests and our own duty.
Now, Mr. President, the objection is not
that the widows of brigadiers get more than the
widows of private soldiers. That is not the
point of objection. That is our system. The
objection is that you propose to select out the
widows of brigadiers and give them increased
pay, whereas you do not propose to do that
with more humble persons. If I should call
up a bill here to-night to increase the pension
of the widow of some private soldier from
eight dollars to fifteen dollars a month I should
be laughed at; at all events I could not get
any votes in the Senate.
Mr. FOWLER. I should vote with you.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The votes would not
be adequate to pass it, although the Senator
from Tennessee might vote with me.
Mr. President, nowhere upon the face of the
earth are such ^mounts of money paid by Gov-
ernment to men who have served it and to the
widows and children of men who have served
It as we pay in this country to our soldiers.
The amounts are huge. Look over our legis-
lation ; see what burdens our people have vol-
untarily taken upon themselves ; see -how your
tax-collectors reach out to every man in the
country and demand his contribution to meet
the> requirements of this system. It is done
cheerfully; and why? Because the people feel
that your system is one of equality and justice.
You have pension laws which extend the same
measure of public bounty to all. When it comes
to be understood, however, that you have no
eqnal sygtem,that it depends upon tie feelings
of the moment, upon a warm appeal in Con-
gress in favor of individuals whether these
pensions shall be. granted or not, you will find
complaint; a sense of injustice will come to all
people who contribute to you the means by
which jou meet the demands of this pension
system ; and besides that all persons in thosg
classes of pensions who aTe not favored will
feel that Government is not dealing justly by
them, and instead of yotjr pension system being
one of which you ean boast and be proud you
will have one not only of inequality but of
unpopularity; one of which the people will
complain, and justly complain.
Now, what do we do to those ladies who are
before us? We pay to each of them every
day of the year one dollar out of the taxes of
the people of the United States. Can' we
afford to pay more? If we can, introduce
your bill and let the Pension Committee tell
us so, and let us vote the money in-a proper
manner; but do not permit any person to come
here individually and ask to be taken out of a
common class, and by favoritism,-by feelings
of friendship or of kindness at the moment, tie
placed in an invi'dicms position, and to get from
the public money a contribution which is not
given to others standing in the same relations
to the Government.
Mr. President, thisthinggrows. A year ago,
it is said, some bill got through in a bungling
way and the expected fruits of that legislation
were not realized. Now, a bill in an improved
form is introduced here for that-case; and it
goes back five years, commencing in 1864. What
irext ? Here is another case going back to 1-862 ;
that is put into the bill and now constitutes part
of it. What more ? There is a third case, a
Mrs. Griffin, whose husband was not killed in
battle at all, but who died of disease, died of a
fevST ; that case is added.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator will allow
me to say that General Griffin died of disease
contracted in the service, and died as much a
martyr to his country as though he had died by
a bullet. He stayed tkere at the peril of his
life.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I am coming to that.
The idea of confining this legislation to persons
who were killed in battle is all idle. Is there
not as much merit in behalf of the widow of a
brigadier general who died of disease? Of
course there is, and the case is in the bill; and
the Senator from Rhode Island springs promptly
to his feet to vindicate its being put there; and
why is it not just as good a case where a widow
comes and tells us that her husband died, per-
haps years after the war was over, of a disease
which he contracted or hardships which he un-
derwent in the war? Of course he is on just as
good a footing as the other, and so you can
draw no line at all. The objection lies against
this system of legislation, taking up individual
cases and then attempting to control yourself
by any rule. You cannot do it. It is all a
matter of personal appeal and of personal feel-
ing. The only ground of justice and of safety
is to proceed by general and equal laws. If
our pension laws are not liberal enough let
them be amended; but let us not under any
circumstances venture outside of thelaws which
have been enacted upon this subject and attempt
to administer a system not merely rude, but a
most imperfect and odious thing.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am very much
disposed to concur in the views expressed by
the Senator from Pennsylvania who has just
taken his seat. Legislation ought always to
proceed upon principle. Legislation should
always be uniform in its subjects and in its prin-
ciples of operation. It is impossible to dis-
criminate in laws between individualsbelonging
to the same class.
Mr. CAMERON. Will my good friend from
Kentucky allow me to move an adjournment?
It is after half past ten o'clock, and I move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
Wednesday,
The House met at twelve o'clock m. .Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev; 0. B. -B Y}ff on, « s
The Journal of yesterday wasrea'd' iJi pmt,
when -v :■*.
Mr. POLAND moved thaUhe fii-rthot rSM-
ing of the J'ournal be dispensed'with. * ;
The motion was ag eed<to. • « *«
" LEGISr,ATBRE.O? MONTANA.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, Be*
ported frgm the Committee o.n IJevision osf Laws
of the United States a bill (H. R. No. 2004) es-
tablishing the term of office of the house of rep-
resentatives and providing for biennial sessions
of the Legislative Assembly of Montana { which
was read-a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that here-
after the members of the house of represanta-
ti ves of the T erritory of Montana shall be elected
forthetermof two years, an.dthe stated sessions
of the Legislative Assembly shall be biennial;
and the said Legislative.Assembly, at its fiist
session after the passage of this act, shall pro-
vide by law for carrying this act into effect.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third times and passed.-
Mr. POLAND moved-to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and -also moved
that the motiou to reconsider Tie laid en the
table. - * .-
The latter motion was agreed to.
GOVERNMENT TELEGRAPH.
Mr. FARNSWOKTff,by unanimous consent,
reported adversely from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads upon the follow-
ing bills; which, tpgeth'er with the accompa-
nying report, were laid oti the table, and the
report ordered to be printed: '
A bill (H. R. No. 1689) for the construction of
lines of telegraph between Boston, New York,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Washington under
the direction of the Post Office Department;
A bill (H. R. No. 1504) to establish tele-
graph lines between Boston, New York, Phil-
adelphia, Baltimore, and Washington;
A bill (H. R. No. 1415) to incorporate tlie
United States postal telegraph, and to estab-
lish a postal telegraph system ;" and
A bill (H. R. No. 1083) for the construction
of a Government telegraph under the direction
of the Post Office Department between New
York and Boston.
FORT COLLINS MILITARY RESERVATION.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, report-
ed from the Committee on the Public Lands a
bill (H. R. No. 2005) declaring the lands con-
stituting the Fort Collins military reservation,
in the Territory of Colorado, subject to pre-
emption and homestead entry, as provided for
in existing laws ; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill provides that the lands constituting
the Fort Collins military reservation, in the
Territory of Colorado, so far as the same have
nst been lawfully disposed of since their reser-
vation, shall be restored to the United Stales
and made subject to preemption and home-
stead entry as now provided for by law.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TREASURY DEPARTMENT EMPLOYES.
The SPEAKBR, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting, incom-
pliance with various acts of Congress, lists of
clerks and other employes in the several bu-
reaus of his Department during 1868, their
