782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No, 1741) granting an increase
of pension to Emily B. Bidwell, widow of
Brigadier General Daniel D. Bidwell, and to
Sarah Hackleman, widow of Brigadier Gen-
eral Pleasant A. Hackleman ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1804) to establish abridge
across East river, between the eities of Brook-
lyn and New York, in the State of New York,
a post road.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the amendment of the House to the
joint resolution (S. E. No. 173) respecting the
provisional governments of Virginia and Texas.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (S.
No. 698) for the temporary relief of the poor
and destitute people in the District of Colum-
bia ; ai«J it was thereupon signed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore. '
committee service.
. The. PRESIDENT •pro tempore appointed
Mr. Nye a member of the Committee on the
District of Columbia, in place of Mr. Patter-
son, of Tennessee, excused.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the In-
ferior, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of January 30, inform-
ation astothequantityoflandcertified to States
and corporations to aid in the construction of
railroads, wagon-roads, and canals; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United States, in
answer to the resolution of the Senate of the
8th of December, 1868, concerning recent
transactions in the region of the La Platte
affecting the political relations of the United
States with Paraguay, the Argentine republic,
Uruguay, and Brazil; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting a communication from the Secretary
of War upon the subject of the resolution of
the Senate of the 21st January, requesting a
copy of the report of Brevet Major General
William S. Harney upon the Sioux and other
Indians congregated under treaties made with
them by the special peace commission which
was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
house bills referred.
The bill (II. R. No. 1323) for the relief of
Walter D. Powden was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 435) direct-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury to withhold
the payment of certain money was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 1741) granting an in-
crease of pension to Emily B. Bidwell, widow
of Brigadier General Daniel D. Bidwell, and
to Sarah Hackleman, widow of Brigadier Gen-
eral Pleasant A. Hackleman, was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
The bill (H. R. No. 1804) to establish a
bridge across East river between the cities of,
Brooklyn and New York, in the State of New
York, a post road, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
presidential appproval.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. William G. Moore, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President had this
day approved and signed the bill (S. No. 730)
supplementary to au act entitled "An act to
confirm the titles to certain lands in the State
of Nebraska."
consular and diplomatic appropriations.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday, being the bill (-H.
11. No. 1570) making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1870, and
for other purposes, is now before the Senate as
iu Committee of the Whole, the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment offered by the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Patter-
son.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask that it be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
wasinlineone hundred and fifty-three to strike
out "$12,500" and to insert " $450," and after
the word " dollars" to insert the following pro-
viso :
Provided, Jioweoer, That from and after the passage
of this act the salaries to be paid to the officers ap-
pointed uuder tile act to carry into effect the treaty
between the United States and her Britannic Majesty,
for the suppression of the Afrienn slave trade, shall
bensfollows: the judgeatNew York, 8100; thejudsro
at CapeTown,§100 ; thejudge at Sierra Leone, $100;
the arbitrator at New York, fifty dollars; the arbi-
trator at Cape Town, fifty dollars; the arbitrator at
Sierra Leone, fifty dollars. '
So that the clause will read:
For expenses under the act of Congress to carry
into effeot the treaty between the United States and
her^ Britannic Majesty for the_ suppression of the
African slave trade, $450: Providedt however, &c.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to call
the attention of the Senate to the faots in this
case, and submit the question whether that
amendment is not a practical nullification of
the stipulations of the treaty. I suggest that
the treaty provides for two distinct things
amongothers; first, it provides that there shall
be established three courts; in the second place,
it provides that these courts shall be established
at three distinct points, one in New York, one
at Sierra Leone, and one at some other point
on the coast of Africa. These are two of the
substantial things which these two Governments
have provided shall be established—three
mixed courts at three distinct points. Of
course that involves expenditures. I suppose
my honorable friend from New Hampshire will
hardly expect that a court can run without
expenses. It is not an institution which you
can call into existence and declare that it shall
run without expenses. My honorable friend
thinks he has obviated the difficulty when he
says that the court has no business. Neverthe-
less, it is a court; it has a judge; and the
judge is to be considered as in office and acting
as such. If the honorable Senator will tell me
how we can comply with the treaty stipulation
to maintain a court at Sierra Leone which shall
have a judge and an arbitrator who shall live
on $150, then he can explain to the Senate
how it is practicable to fulfill this treaty.
Mr. GRIMES. Does the judge live at Sierra
Leone ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. By the treaty
stipulation he is obliged to do so.
Mr. GRIMES. But does he?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think the pre-
sumptions are that he does. I have no in-
formation on the subject. All I mean to say
is that this proposition is a practical denial
of the treaty stipulations. Not to provide for
the existence of the court by providing for its
expenses is of course to nullify the treaty, for
the treaty says expressly that the two contract-
ing parties shall maintain three distinct mixed
courts, and they shall be maintained at the
three points indicated in the treaty.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, in order to
carry out the stipulations of this treaty it is
just as important that the officers appointed
shall reside at Sierra Leone and at the Cape
of Good Hope as it is that we appropriate
money to pay their salaries. I should like to
know, in the first place, who these judges are,
if any one in the Senate has that knowledge,
and whether they do now live at, these two
places in Africa or not. I am informed that
they do not. Therefore, to appropriate money
to pay their salaries when they do not live there,
and have not done so for years, is not carry-
ing out the treaty stipulation. It is just as
important to carry out the treaty stipulation
that they shall live there as it is to appropriate
money to pay their salaries. If they do not
live there we do not carry out the treaty by
appropriating money to pay their salaries, but
they get the money for nothing. I am advised
that they do not live there ; and although we
do appropriate the money to pay their salaries,
still we do not carry out the treaty, because
the essence of the treaty is that these judges
shall live at these two points in Africa. I
should like to know who the judges are, and
whether they do live there. I am informed
that they do not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Who the judges
are may not be a matter of very pertinent in-
quiry. I do not suppose that is particularly
important.
Mr. MORTON. I asked that as a matter of
information merely.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The obligation
to make the appropriation is on the Govern-
ment, independent of the persons of thejudges;
My point is that the treaty stipulation abso-
lutely pledges the faith of this Government to
maintain three distinct courts at three distinct
places, and the appropriation provided for in
the amendment is not adequate for that pur-
pose. That is the point.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, I will state that I personally
know two of the judges who are appointed, and
can say in answer to the inquiry of the Senator
from Indiana 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I was going to
show my honorable friend from Indiana the
record, which will nullify both of the presump-
tions upon which he rests his opposition.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. One of these judges ap-
pointed from New York lived at Cape Town, I
know, some two or three years. He has re-
turned, however, and I think contemplates
resigning. Another one is a gentleman from
the city of Chicago,, Mr. Dyer. I know that he
went out there and resided there for some con-
siderable time.
Mr. GRIMES. But he has been back for a
good while.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. Dyer has been back
for some time, and I believe a man has been
appointed in his place.
Sir. MORRILL, of Maine. I think my hon-
orable friend from Indiana was misinformed
about the fact which he assumes that these
parties are not attending to their duty. This
question was up before the Senate last year
when a similar appropriation bill was before
the Senate, and our information then was that
they were attending to their duties. My gen-
eral information and. belief are that it will be
found that these parties are resident at Cape
Town and at Sierra Leone, where their resi-
dence is provided for. Now, I desire to say
that as the treaty does provide for courts iu
Africa I do not see how the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, or the Congress of the United States,
is to resist making such an appropriation as is
necessary to maintain the courts there until
such time as the treaty can be revised by the
two contracting parties and so modified. But
in regard to the court at New York, I think the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire may
very properly apply his amendment to that
court; for if the facts are as he states, and 1
have no donbt they are, that the whole duty
there is nominal, then I hardly see why we
should pay $2,500 for service which is nom-
inal, when perhaps two, three, or five hundred
dollars, at any rate, might be sufficient to
maintain a court, if not within the spirit, prob-
ably within the terms of the treaty, at New
