Wi
. CQI^GltESSIONAL GLOBj;
February
„.. ..-J it nearly all a-yay—to say a word pr tw.o
in reference to the second section 6f the bill.
I ask gentlemen to look particularly at that
section. I cannot doubt tnat the fisst section
will be sustained, and I trust the second will
be also. _
The objection made to a provision legalizing
gold contracts has always been, as is well un-
derstood, the apprehension that it may afford
to a hard creditor, upon the renewal of an
old contract, opportunity to embarrass or grind
his debtor. That objection, I think, is fully
provided against by the care with which this
section has been drawn. I ask gentlemen to
look at it. They will find, in the first place, that
these contracts must be specifically made pay-
able in coin, and that they can only be made so
when the consideration is A loan of. coin itself,
or when it is for some labor or service per-
formed "or property purchased, wbich labor or
service or property has been reduced to its
coin value as that value stood at the time the
consideration was agreed upon. And to avoid
all questions about remedies in courts it is then
further provided that in every ease where it is
set up in support of a contract of this kind,
that it has been made in pursuance of these
provisions of the law, there shall be permitted
an inquiry into the actual consideration so as
to ascertain whether it be so or not. The Su-
preme Court has to a certain exteut, perhaps,
obviated the necessity, by its late decision, of
passing a section of this kind; but the dictum
of the Chief Justice and the actual case before
the court are not precisely coextensive, and
some doubts may exist upon the subject, and
we are but legislating in the direction which
the court has taken by its judgment in affirming
by positive enactment of law this provision
which is proposed here in the section under
consideration.
I hold, therefore, that instead of its being
an argument against this second section that
the Supreme Court have rendered such a de-
< i -ion, it is an additional reason for passing it;
i" is a reason consisting in the fact that we are
Siting clearness and precision to the law so as
to relate to past contracts and future contracts,
contracts made since the passage of .the legal-
tender act as well as contracts made before,
so as lo brush away all question, all doubt, all
possibility of the people being misled-by not
knowing precisely to what extent the court yet
intend to go.
The previous question having been sustained,
gentlemen will have an opportunity to vote
against the sections of this bill separately.
Mr. BARNES. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to speak for five minutes on the
first section of this bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. X object.
Mr. SHANKS. I move that the bill be laid
on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 51, nays 133, not voting
35 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Baker, Barnes, Beatty,
Beck, Bowen, Burr, Benjamin P. Butler, Rodeiick
R. Butler, Cake, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Deweese,
Donnelly, Edwards, Eggleston, Ela, Ekiridge, Fox,
French. Goiladay, Goss, Gravely, Grover. Haight,
Hawkins, Holman, Hopkins, Hunter. Ingersoil,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Ivnott. Loughridge,
Marshall. McCormick, Mungen, Niblack, Ortb,
Pruyn, Ross, Shanks, Stevens, Stokes. Stone. Taffc,
Tift, Van Auken, Van Trump, Henry I). "Washburn,
John T. Wilson, Wood, and Young—54.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
DelosR. Ashley, James M.Ashley Axtell, Baldwin,
Banks, Barnum, Beaman, Benjamin, Bingham,
Blackburn, Blaine, Blair, Boutweli, Boyden. Boyer,
Brorawell, Brooks, Broomall, Buckley, Chanler,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Clift,
Corley, Cornell, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Delano,
Dickey, Bison. Dockery, Dodge, Driggf?, Eckiey,
Thomas D. Eliot, Farn3worth, Ferriss, Eert-y,
Fields, Getz, Glo&sbrenner, Gove, Griswold, Hard-
ing. Heaton, Higby, Hill, Hooper, Hotchkiss. Chester
D. tlubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Jenckes,
Alexander H. Jones, Judd. Julian, Kelley, Keiiogg,
Ivelsey. Kerr, Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, L.tflin,
Lash, txeorge V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lo-
gan, Lj'neh, Marvin, Maynard, McKee, Mercur,
Miller, Moore, Moorhe^d, Morrell. Mullins. Myers,
Newcomo, N ewsham, horrid, O'Neill, Paine, Perham,
Peters, Phelps,.Pierce, Pike, Pile* Plants, Poland,
r6meroy,' Pnce  Prinfce, Raum, Robertson, Roots,
Sawyer, Schenck," Scofield,; Shellabarger, Smith,
Spalding. Starkweather; Stewart. Stow, Taber,
Taylor, Thomas, John Trimble, Trowbridge, Twich-
ell, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt van Horn, Robert T.
Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Whit'tcmore, Thomas Wil-
liams, William Williams, James F.Wilson, Windom,
and Woodbridge—133. _
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Bailey, Benton,
Boles, Buckland, Callis, Cary, James T. Elliott, Oar-
field, Halsey, Hamilton, Haughey, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Humphrey, Lincoln, Loan, Mallory, McCarthy,
McCullough, Morrisscy, Nicholson, Nunn, Pettis,
Polsley, Randall. Robinson, Sclye, Sitgreaves. cy-
pher, Lawrence S.Trimble, Van Wyck, Vitlal,_HHihu
B. Washburne, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wood-
ward—So.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. S0HEN~CK said : My colleague, Mr.
Garfield, has requested me to state that he is
detained in his room by illness, and that if
here he would vote for this bill.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Niblack, to strike out the first section, as fol-
lows :
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, That in order to remove any doubt as to the
purpose of the Government to discharge all justobli-
gations to the public creditors, and to settle conflict-
ing questions and interpretations of the laws by
virtue of which such obligations have been con-
tracted, it is hereby provided and declared that the
faith of the United States is solemnly pledged to the
payment in coin or its equivalent of all the interest-
bearing obligations of the United States, except in
cases where thelaw authorizing the issue of any such
obligation has expressly provided that the same may
be paid in lawful money or other currency than gold
and silver: Provided, however, That before any of
said interest-bearing obligations not already due
shall mature or be paid before maturity the obliga-
tions not bearing interest, known as United States
notes, shall be made convertible into coin at the
option of the holder.
Mr. PiiUYN. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] if he will consent
to so modify the first section as to specify which
of these issues of bonds are payable in paper?
Mr. SCHENCK. The main question has
been ordered, andthesubject has passed beyond
mv control.
Mr. NIBLACK. As I have had no oppor-
tunity to debate this bill, I call for the yeas
and nays on ray motion to strike out the first
section.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 54, nays 130, not voting
38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Baker, Barnes, Beatty,
Beck, Bowen, Burr, Roderick R. Butler, Cobb, Co-
burn, Deweece, Donnelly, Eggleston, Ela, EJdridge,
Farnsworth. Fox, Getz. Goiladay, Goss, Gravely, Gro-
ver,Haight, Hawkins,Holman,Hopkins, Humphrey,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr,
Knott, Loon, Marshall, McCormick, Mungen, Nib-
lack,Orth,Pike, Pruyn, Ross, Shanks. Stevens. Stokes,
Stone. Taffe. Tift.Van Auken, Van Trump, Henry I).
Washburn, John T. Wilson, Wood, and Young—54.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison. Araes, Anderson, Arnell
Belos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley. Axtell, Baldwin
Banks. Barnum, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Bing-
ham, Blackburn, Blame, Blair, Boutweli, Boyden,
Boyer, BromweH, Brooks, Broomall, Buckiev, Cake,
Chanler, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke. Sidney Clarke,
CI ift,Corley, Cornell, Covode, Cul loin, Delano, Dickey,
Dixon, Dockery. Dodge, Driggs, Eckiey. Thomas JJ.
Eliot, James T. Elliott. Ferriss, Ferry. Fields. Gloss-
hrenner. Gove, Griswold, Halsey, Harding-, Hcaton,
Higby, Hill,Hooper, Hotc-hkiss, Chester D.Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Jenckes, Alexander
H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsov,
Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Lafl'm, Lash, George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence. Logan, Lynch. Mal-
lory. Marvin, Maynard, McKee, Mercur, Miller,
Moore. Moorhead.Mullms, Myers, Newsham, Norris,
O'Neill, P.iine, Perham, Peters, Pettis, Phelps.Pierce,
Pile, Plants. Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Prince, Raum.
Robertson. Roots, Sawyer, Schenck,Scofiold, Shella-
barger, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Stewart,
Stover, Taber. Taylor, Thomas, John Trimble,Trow-
bridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, Ward. Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Whittemore, Thomas Williams,
William Williams, James F. Wilson, and Win-
dom—130.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams,Bailey.Bole?,Buck -
lnnd, Benjamin F. Butler, Callis, Caiy, Cook, Dawes,
Edwards.French,Garfield. Hamilton, flaus-hey, Asa-
h'l W.Hubbard, Lincoln, Loughridge, McCarthy,
McCullough, Morrell, Morris&ev, Newcomb, Nichol-
son, Nunn, Polsley, Randal), Robinson, Selye, Sit-
greaves Sypher, Lawrence S. Trimble. Robert T.
Van Horn, Van Wyck, Vidul. Elihu B. Washburne.
Stephen F.Wilson, Woodhridge, and Woodward—38.
So the motion to strike out the first section
of the bill was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the moiicwi of
Mr- Alison, to amend by striking out tke sec-
ond section, reading ais follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any contract
hereafter made specifically payable in coin* and tfie
consideration of which may be a loan of coin, or a
sate of property, or the rendering of labor or service
of any kind, the price of which as carried,int ,the
contract may have been adjusted on the basis of the
coin value thereof at the time of such aale, or of till
rendering of such serviee or labor, shall be legal and
valid, and may be enforced according to its terms;
and on the trial of asuit brought for the enforcement
ofanysueh contract proof of the real consideration
may be given.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. . ,
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 72, nays 100v not votfng
50; as follows: . . , -
YEAS—Messrs.Allison, B^ker* Beatty, Beck, Ben-
ton, Bowen, BromweH, Benjamin F. Butl6r,;Cake,
Clift, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Callom, Deweese,
Dickey, Donnelly, Eckiey, Ela, Eldridge, Farns-
worth, Ferriss, Ferry,Fox. Goiladay, Goss, Gravely,
Hawkins, Holman, Hooper, Hopkins, Hunter, Inger-
soll, Kelley, Kelsey, Knott, Koonio, William Law-
rence, Loan, Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard. Miller,
Moore, Morrell, Muiiins, Mungen, Myers. Niblack,
Nunn, O'Neill. Orth, Peters, Robertson, Boss, Saw-
yer, Shanks, Shellabarger, Smith, Stevens, Stokes,
Taffe, Thomas, Tift, Upson, Van Trump, Henry 1>,
Washburn, Thomas Williams. William Williams,
John T. Wilson, and Young—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Archer. Arnell,
Delos R.Ashley. James M.Ashley, Axtell, Baldwin,
Banks,Barnes, Barnum, Beaman, Benjamin, Black-
burn. Blair, Boyden, Boyer, Brooks. Broomall, Buck-
ley, Roderick R. Butler, Callis, Chanler, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Corley, Covode, Dawes. Delano,
Dixon, Dodge, Drisrgs. Edward", Thomas D. Eliot,
James T. Elliott, Fields, Getz, Glossbrenner, Govs,
Griswold, Grover, Haight, Halsey, Harding. Heaton,
Hotchkiss, Chester D- Hubbard, Richard D. Hub-
bard, Hulburd. Jenckes, Johnson, Alexander H.
Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Judd. Julian. Kerr,Ketcbam,
Kitchen, Laflin. Lash. George V. Lawrence. Mal-
lory, Marvin, McCormick, McKee. Mercar, Moor-
head, ^Newsbam, Norris, Paine, Perbam, Phelps,
Pierce, Pike, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Price. Pruyn,
Raum, Sahenck, Scoficld, Spalding, Starkweather,
S' tfwart. Stone, Stover, Taber, Taylor, Trowbridge,
Twichell.Van Aernam, VanAuken, Barf. Van Horn,
Ward, William B. Washburn, Welker, Whittemore,
James F. Wilson, and Wood—100.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Bailey,Bingham,
Blaine, Boles. Boutwell. Buckland. Burr, Cary, Sid-
ney Clarke, Dockery, Eggieston, French. Garfield,
Hamilton, Haughey, Higby, Hill, A*ahel W. Hub-
bard, Humphrey, Kellogg, Lincoln. Logan, Mar-
shall, McCarthy, McCullough. Morrissey, Neweomb,
Nicholson, Pettis, Pile, Polsley, Prince, Randall,
Robinson, Roots, Selye. Sitgreaves, Svpber, John
Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble. Robert T. Van Horn,
Van Wyck, Vidal, Cadwalader C. Washburn. Eiihu
B. Washburne, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Wood-
bridge, and Woodward—50.
So the motion to strike out the second sec-
tion was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. SCHENCK demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 120, nays 60,
not voting 42 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson. Arnell.
DeiosR. Ashley, James M. A&hley, Axtell, Baldwin,
Banks, Barnum,Beaman, Benjamin, Benton,'Black*
burn, Blaine, Blair, Boyden, Boycrl Brooks, Broois-
all, Buckley, Callis. Chanler, Churchill, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cliit, Corley, Cornell, Cullom.
Dawes,Delano, Dixon,Dodge, Dmgs, Eckiey ,Thomas
D. Eliot, JiunesT. Elliott, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields,Getz,
Glossbrenner, Gove,Griswold, Halsey, Uarding, Hea-
ton, Higby,Hill,Hooper,Hotchkiss,Chester D.Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard. Hulburd, Jenokes, Alex-
ander H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kellogg. Kelsey*
Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, Lash, George
Lawrence, Lynch, Marvin, Maynard, McKee, Mer-
cur* Miller, Moore. Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins,
Myers, Newcomb. Ncwshain, Norris, O'Neill, Paine.
Perham, Peters. Pettis, Phelps, Plants, Polapd, Pom-
eroy. Price, Raum, Robertson, Robinson, Roots, $;  tf-
yer, Schenck, Scofield, Shellabarger, Smith.Spalding.
Starkweather, Stewart, Stover,Taber, Taylor,Trow-
bridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam. Burt Van
Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Whitte-
more, Thomas Williams, Jaine^ F. Wilson, and Win-
dom—120.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Baker, Beatty, BecK.
Bowen, Brorawell, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Jtoa-
erick R. Butler, Cake, Cobb, Coburn.Cook,Covode.
Deweese, Donnelly, Eggleston, Ela, Eldndge, Farns-
