1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
exigency. If there is such an abuse as has been
stated on the floor in this debate strike at it;
do not strike at the public faith.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. It
entirely destroys the object of my amendment
and leaves the thing precisely where it stands
now. My objection is not simply that they do
not reside where the court is authorized to sit,
but my objection is that there is no work for
the court to do, and therefore we do not need
the court; and I would reduce the salary to a
merie nominal sum so as to blot out this use-
less expense.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I would ask my
honorable friend, on that theory, why should
we make any appropriation at all?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Simply because of the letter of the treaty. I
should be glad to strike out the whole thing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the treaty is
good for anything it is good for what it says.
If my honorable friend feels at liberty to strike
at the treaty at all he may as well strike it all
out as to make an effective blow at its efficiency.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend from New Hamp-
shire says that he will follow the letter of the
treaty. We are told that one of the worst of
palterings is to keep the promise to the word
and break it to the heart. Now the Senator
would break this treaty, confessing that he is
bound by its letter. I submit to my friend—
and I hope he is not going to be very severe in
his judgment of me because I have opposed
this proposition—I submit to him again, as to
the proper course for him to take, to press this
matter upon the committee of which he is a
member and obtain some declaration of opinion
as to whether the treaty should be terminated.
That is the practical mode of dealing with the
question. .
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
wish to correct the Senator's quotation—"keep
the word of promise to our ear, and break it to
our hope."
Mr. SUMNER. Well, it is just the same
idea.
Mr. DIXON. I wish to propose an amend-
ment to the amendment offered by the Senator
from Indiana.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. That is not
in order. There is an amendment toanamend-
ment already pending.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
ator from Indiana, or whoever is the author of
the present amendment, will allow me, I will
suggest an amendment that I think will be
more satisfactory than any which has yet been
presented ; and that is that these judges and
arbitrators shall be allowed a per diem for
every day of service actually performed.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
That would be perfectly acceptable to me, be-
cause it would give them nothing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am willing
to give them a very large per diem.
Mr. SUMNER. That strikes at the treaty
also.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I would sug-
gest ten dollars a day, or twenty dollars, or
whatever sum the Senate may please for each
day's actual service.
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to say, in reply
to my honorable friend from Vermont, that I
think that is a nullification of the treaty. I
would not pay these judges unless they lived
at the place of holding court; and to say that
you will pay men for what they do at Sierra
Leone at the rate of ten dollars a day for their
services, when it will take them three months
to go there and three months to come, would,
of course, nullify the treaty, because men
would not go there for a speeific and particu-
lar duty of that kind. That, then, would be a
practical nullification of the treaty on our part,
and we might as well refuse to make any ap-
propriation at all. I will say to my friend from
New Hampshire that to appropriate $450 is as
much a nullification of this treaty as to appro-
priate nothing, and we had better save that
$450. There is no use in throwing away the
money.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. If
the Senator will move that amendment 1 will
accept it.
Mr. MORTON. I am not proposing it; but
I am saying that the Senator's amendment is
in effect that, because we know that to appro-
priate only $450 is to blot out these courts as
effectually as to appropriate nothing. There-
fore, we are simply throwing away $450 for
nothing, and yet we are not even technically
complying with the treaty.
Mr. DIXON. I ask the Senator from In-
diana to consent to a modification of his amend'
ment. He uses the word " reside," and pro-
poses to require the officers to reside in the
places mentioned, one of them being New,
York. Now, Mr. Smith is in daily attendance
in New York. He comes down, I believe,
every day; at any rate, several times a week;
but he does not actually sleep in New York,
and his residence may not be there. I wish
the Senator would use the words "be in at-
tendance at the place required." I suggest
that modification.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
should like to ask the Senator where Mr. Smith
holds his court?
Mr. DIXON. He has a court-room and
holds court in the city of New York. Whenever
a court is held he is in attendance constantly.
That I am satisfied of.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Whereabouts is the court-room?
Mr. DIXON. I never have been at the court-
room ; but I have been informed by Mr. Smith
himself that there is such a room.
Mr. DAVIS. I presume that the effective
promise made to England in relation to sup-
pressing the slave trade was the stipulation to
keep up a squadron on the coast of Africa;
and I presume that squadron would have been
as effective for suppressing the slave trade
without the court as with the court. But it
seems to me that the proposition is simply this:
that the substantial matter of this treaty shall
still be continued, and the form that produces
no result in the suppression of the slave trade
or anything else, bat that costs our Government
some money, shall be dispensed with. I cannot
see any reasonable objection to that course.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana to the amendment of the Senator from
New Hampshire.
The question being put, it was declared that
the amendment to the amendment appeared to
be rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I call for a division.
Mr. WHYTE. Mr. President, it certainly
has struck me with very great surprise that
Senators who are so fearfully vexed when any-
thing like an approach to repudiation occurs in
this Chamber should oppose fulfilling the treaty
obligation in this case. It is singular to me
that upon a question where the solemn faith
of the Government of the United States is
pledged to a foreign Government in the cause
of humanity there should be any hesitation
about compliance with that contract for two
short years longer. The treaty between this
Government and that of Great Britain to break
up the traffic upon the coast of Africa in slaves
certainly must have merited the approbation
of all well-disposed, right-thinking citizens of
this country. No man who knew the horrors
of the slave trade could advocate its contin-
uance; and every man who was the friend of
humanity must have gladly given his approba
tion to any course or any means lawfully exer-
cised that could destroy such an unholy trade.
In 1862 we entered into a solemn compact
with Great Britain to keep upon the coast of
Africa a squadron not only to unite with Great
Britain in the seizure and capture of vessels
belonging to citizens of other Governments
than our own, but especially to prevent that
traffic in American ships. We agreed to have
these mixed courts, and we agreed that that
compact should last for ten years, and in the
contract we located the courts at certain points.
We are bound by that contract to keep these
courts in residence at those places; one of them
at Sierra Leone, another at the Cape of Good
Hope, and the third at New Y&rk. The eourts
are there to reside ; that is to say, the courts
are there-to be held. ' It matters not whether
the judge resides ten or twenty miles oatside
of the limits of New York ; if the court holds
its residence th6re and the ships can be brought
in there for adjudication it is a faithful compli-
ance with the contract with the British Gov
ernment.
The amendment of the Senator from Indiana
is proper, an amendment that we ought to
adopt, because it keeps the contract with the
British Government, and requires those who
take salaries for the discharge of public func-
tions to discharge them at the spot where, ac-
cording to the contract, the Government pledges
itself that those duties shall be performed. I
am for the appropriation; I am for keeping
faith with the British Government to the strict-
est letter of our treaty; but I am for holding the
public officers of the Government to the dis-
charge of their functions at the localities where
the law requires them to be performed. I shall
therefore vote for the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Indiana, and then I shall vote for the
clause in the bill as reported by the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire.
Mr. SUMNER. I asked for a division on the
amendment of the Senator from Indiana.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That has
been voted down.
Mr. SUMNER. I then asked for a division,
the Chair will remember.
Mr. GRIMES. It can be offered again in
the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I prefer to have it decided
now.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, has my
amendment been submitted to the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has been
voted upon, and the Chair announced the de-
cision upon it, from which decision the Chair
heard no appeal.
Mr. SUMNER, The Chair will remember
that I then called for a division, and then the
Senator over the way [Mr. Whytb] rose and
took the floor.
Mr. MORTON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on my amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a question of
order. The amendment of the Senator from
Indiana is not in order as an amendment to
the proposition of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, which is to strike out the amount in the
bill and insert another. The Senator from
Indiana proposes to add another clause to the
bill, a distinet proposition, and it is not in
order to double amendments in that way. The
amendment of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire can only be amended by changing the
amount proposed by him. Therefore I think
we had better take the vote upon it separately.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The decis-
ion was announced on the amendment of the
Senator from Indiana, but the question will
be put over again if it is the pleasure of the
Senate to do so.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No ques-
tion of order was made until after the vote
was taken. If it is the pleasure of the Senate
to take the question over again on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana it will be
put by the Chair.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the amend-
ment be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
fead again.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of Mr.
Morton, as follows:
Provided, That the salaries of the judges shall by
paid to them only upon the condition that they re-
side at the places where the eourts are to bo held as
provided by law, and only for so much of the time as
they reside at such places,
Mr. SHERMAN. I now ask for the read-
ing of the amendment pf the Senator from
