1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
789
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. If no objec-
tion is made the amendment of' the Senator
from Indiana-will be so modified. - The Chair
hears no objection. Tie question now is on
the motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
to strike out the words that have' been fe"ad: '
Mr. BUCKALEW. On that question I call
for the yeas and
The yeas aind nays were ordered. - _
Mr. FOWLER. I desire to-"state, in a word,
the reason's why I am <rpp03ed to striking out
this appropriation. There has been a solemn
treaty tfiaae'feet'freeh the Government of the
United States tod-the Government' of- Great
Britain', and we promised in that treaty to
make provision for these courts. The bargain,
I admit, was a bad one, and we have to pay
sorely for our folly in making that treaty.
Nevertheless we madethe bargain ; our faith is
pledged to it, and I cannot vote to strike out
this appropriation while that treaty exists, un-
less I can get-some sucb maxim as that which
has been applied to the southern claimants for
property taken by the Government, inter cvrma
leges silent, which would satisfy my conscience
that a solemn obligation of the Government
might be'set aside in this way'. But so long as
that does -hot apply to the: ease, nor, in my
judgment, to anyother case that has come be-
fore the Senate, I shall not vote for a direct
repudiation 'of an obligation of the Govern-
ment of the United' States. Although the bar-
gain is. a bad one; although the motley is paid
for that which is'of no use; although the whole
thing is, obsolete, nevertheless as the contract
has been made I shall stand to it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to ask the
Senator what provision of the treaty obliges the
Congress of the United States, in February,
18(39, to vote money for the year ending in
1870, going a year forward and voting for a
future year this appropriation ? I propose to
strike it out for the time being. It is unneces-
sary until after'the end of the fiscal year. In
the mean time I expect the State Department
to take steps to terminate this obligation. If
they do not do it, Congress at the next session
can vote the money. To talis febout the treaty
obliging us to vote money in this way is an ut-
ter absurdity. There is-no pending obligation,
nor one to arise for many roonths'to come. I
propose to strike out the appropriation, and
that the State Department, reorganized on the
4th of March, shall relieve us from this obliga-
tion. If they do not do it they can call on the
next Congress to make an appropriation.
Mr. MORTON". If the appropriation is
made as amended, and then the treaty is term-
inated as the Senator from Pennsylvania pro-
poses, that has the effect at once to terminate
the existence of these judges, and it will have
the same effect anyhow.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to say that in the
view expressed by the'Senator from Pennsyl-
vania I have no objection to it; that is, that it
is not a direct proposition to repudiate our
obligation, but that the motion is made from
the consideration that it is not necessary now
to make the appropriation; that it may be made
hereafter. With that understanding of the
proposition of the Senator I have no objection
to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will' say for
the information of the Senator from Tennessee
that, although specious, it is not a very sound
proposition that the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia makes; and I see by the mirth that plays
on his lace that he so understands it, and is a
little surprised that anybody should understand
it to the contrary. The existing appropriation
expires-on the 8Qfch of June next. The prop-
osition of.the-hoaorable'Senator is to make no
appropriation until December. What becomes
of the court between June and December?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Congress meets in
Match.- ' :
Mr. MQRRJLL, of Maine. Then the prop-
osition is trifling, ray honorable friend will
allow me to say, if that is his proposition. Do
not make it now, but make it next month—that
is the argument—do not perform a treaty stipu-
lation to-day; you can do it just as-Wll to^
morrow. We are now making appropriations
for the expenditures of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1870. That is the busi-
ness we are doing. The honorable Senator
says that just as likely as notsome steps "Svill be
taken to terminate this obligation. According
to his argument, after this lucid and lumin6us
debate, as likely as not Great Britain will "pro-
pose the modification of the treaty before we
can get together in March-; ■ and if Great Brit-
ain Should-not take- the hint that we intend to
nullify this treaty unless it is modified, then we
can make this appropriation in March. Cer-
tainly everybody must see that my honorable
friend is not serious in addressing such a state-
ment as that to the Senate of the united "States
as an argument; and I am surprised that it
escaped the good sense of my friend from
Tennessee.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Idesire to say one word.
My smile was occasioned by a different cause
from that which the Senator-supposes. ■ I-was
smiling at the itigetiuity with which," as the
debate progresses, he and other gentlemen
manage to get op something plausible in favor
of voting money for nothing. ' :
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise merely to make an
inquiry of the Chair as to what the effect will
be of, voting now in favor of the amendment
as amended. If it be carried, will it strike out
the whole appropriation and all the amend-
ments?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose, then,'it' is not
carried on this, how does that leave it? If the
amendment of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire is not agreed to how does that leave
this amendment of the Senator from Indiana?
Does that fall ?
Mr. SUMNER. That is already ori, "
The PRESIDENT pro, tempore. It all falls
together. ,
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is as I understand
it. I should like to h'ekr the amendment as it
now stands.-
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to hear the
amendment that is affected in that way. I do
not understand it if that is the case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to hear it all read
together.'
The Chief Clerk. The clause, as amended,
now reads;
I?or expenses under tlie act of Congress to carry
into effect tho treaty between tbo United States and
ber Britannic Majesty for the suppression of the Afri-
can slave trade, $12,500: .Provided, That the salaries
of the judges and other officers shall be paid to them
only upon the condition that they resideatthe places
where the courts are to bo held as provided hr'aw,
and only for so much of the time as they reside at
euch places.
Mr. EDMUNDS.. That is the amendment
as it now stands. Voting "ay" then will
keep it just as it now stands.
Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir; I understand
that voting "ay" is to strike it all out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The prop-
osition, pending is to strike out the whole
clause.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
want to know if the amendment of the gentle-
man from Indiana was not an amendment to
my amendment? I so understand. • '
The PRESIDENT pro teM-pore. So the
Chair understood. ■
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
should like to have my amendment read as it
now stands amended.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has just been read.
Mr. SHERMAN. There has been a mis-
understanding here. Some Senators regard
the amendment of theSenator from Indiana as
a substitute for the amendment of the'Senator
from New Hampshire; but it was notsooffered;
and was not so stated either by the Chair or by
the Senator from Indiana. I voted for the
amendment of the Senator from Indiana to be
added to tho amendment of the Senator from
New Hampshire. It was so stated' by tile
Chair. That was the vote. Then, as a'matter
of. course, the question will come u!> now on the
amendment-of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire together with the Amendment of the Sen-
ator from Indiana.- He did not offer it as a
substitute-for the amendment of the Seiiator
from New-Hampshire. - ' ■ - "•
Mr. SUMNER.* ,The Senator from indiaha
offered it as an amendment1 to the"', origjp'al
proposition, the' original Clause of theBiM.-
Mr. SHERMAN. He had' nb right to do' so.!
Mr. SUMNER. I stated before the Vote
that it was offered as a substitute.
Mr. SHERMAN. He had not |he" right to
doss.' He-Could not do it.
Mrv SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon".
The rule of order is absolute. Before any <|ues;
tion could' be taken on the amendment cii the
Senator from New Hampshire the Original tg^t
could be improved by amendment. The propel
sition of the Senator from Indiana was clearly
in order. ;
Mr.. SHERMAN. My fricrid fro'm; Massa-
chusetts has got a little in fault in this ih&Wer.
The amendment of the Senator from Nef
Hampshire was the simplest-form of an aa&enif-
mewt—-to strike out a certain-amount "and in-
sert another with a proviso. The amendment
of the^Senator from Indiana is to sfdd on an-
other clause to that amendment ill the ordinary
form. - In the way the Senator now puts it the
Senator - from Indiana could not • have offered
his amendment, -because there was afi amend-
ment pending, and it Svas not to amend the
matter to be stricken out. -
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I rise to.a'<fueS'-
tion of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The'Sena-
tor from Maine rises to a question of orcI'erT- •
Mr. MOIiRILL, of Maine. 11 ask the Chair
to rule-whether as matter of fe<H aiild in effect
the proposition of the Senator froth Indiana is
not a -substitute for the proposition ■ of the
Senator from New Hampshire ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. ■ The Chair
supposes it would operate as a substitute. It
was not offered in thoso terms, but it was an
amendment to the amendment, covering the
whole ground and operating as a substitute, as
I understood.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is my un-
derstanding.
Mr. MORTON. I did not offer my amend-
ment as an amendment to that offered by the
Senator from New Hampshire:" What"--would
be the effect of that ? If it stands as an amend-
ment to that offered by the-Senator-from New
Hampshire, and we vote down thai of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, my amendment
is gone withdt. That was not my understand-
ing or that of the Senate. I did not under-
take to saythat we should only pay these judges
while they reside at the places named, aft<i if-
they reside at these places they shall on^y^et
a part of the $450. I did not mean kfiything
of that kind.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will inquire
of the Chair whether the question now is prop-
erly on the motion of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, which is to strike out, or Whether,'
having adopted the motion of the Senatorfrofn
Indiana,, the question is not now neeessarily
on agreeing to the amendment Ss aift'etided,
atad whether it is in order for the Senator front
Pennsylvania to interpose-the motion t6' strike
out while that- question is pending?" That is
my point.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to say one
word. My idea is that upon a motion to strike
out any motion- to amend the text, may be
made and will be voted on first, and the motion
to strike out be taken afterward. I do'not
claim that my motion is to be put before the
text is perfected. -
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I suppose
there is no doubt that the matter proposed to
be stricken out may be amended before the
question is put on the motion to strike out.'
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is a mo-
tion to strike out the whole text, of this clause
of the bill. Can such a motion as that be
made while a motion to amend js pending?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thee Chair
