1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
1U41
Mr. PIKE. I have but five minutes, and
there is another item to which I wish to refer.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I simply want to ask the
gentleman in what market pig-iron sells for
the price he has named ? I would like to know
where such a market is to be found.
Mr. PIKE. I am speaking of the facts de-
veloped in the report of the Commissioner, as
I recollect them. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr' G^isWold,] being engaged in the
iron trade, is of course more familiar with the
precise details in regard to this business. I
understand the Commissioner to say that the
ordinary selling price of pig-iron is about
forty dollars a ton ; it may be somewhat less.
Mr. Weils having committed the great offense
of ascertaining and exhibiting the facts with
reference to the manufacture of pig-iron, the
gentlemen who expected this Special Commis-
sioner to gather facts to sustain this duty of
nine dollars in gold per ton, and not only to
sustain but to increase that duty, do not like
the result. I do not blame them. Not liking
the result, they do not like the Commissioner ;
I do not blame them. Not liking the Commis-
sioner they want the office abolished. The
question now comcs before the House whether
or not, at the urgent request of these gentle-
men, this office shall be abolished. For my
part, I have been very much gratified to see
that there is some officer of this Government
who can present a series of facts upon which
the House may intelligently act.
Then, again, the gentlemen connected with
the salt trade made a few years ago, as Mr.
Wells ascertained, an investment of §160,000,
which has since swollen to the respectable sum
of three or four millions. In this case the
duty is eighteen cents per hundred pounds ;
and if I recollect aright, the little tariff bill of
my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Moorhead]
proposed that this suffering interest should be
relieved by increasing the duty from eighteen
cents to twenty-four cents. This branch of
business, it appears, has suffered enormously,
because the in vestment of $160,000 has swollen
to only three or four millions. This increase
is so moderate that gentlemen are not satisfied
with it; so, of course, they do not like the
Commissioner, and of course they want the
office abolished. And all these other interests
that have also been suffering so enormously
under the present tariff do not like the Com-
missioner.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. KliLLEY. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent that debate be closed on
the pending paragraph.
There was no objection.
On the amendment of Mr. Allison" there
were—ayes 33, noes 25; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Moorhead
and Mr. Allison were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 73, noes 40.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MYERS. I ask unanimous consent of
the committee that I may offer an amendment
to the paragraph relating to expenses of the
Department of State, that paragraph having
been passed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
The Clerk read as follows:
For furniture, carpets, and miscellaneous itemsfor
the Treasury bureaus, £20,000.
Air. STOVER. I move to strike out of this
item ''$'20,000'' and insert '' $5,000."
Mr. Chairman, 1 wish to call the attention
of the House to this special item and to some
figures which I have hastily prepared to show
what in the last two years has been appropri-
ated for miscellaneous items. At the second
session of the Thirty Ninth Congress we appro-
priated for miscellaneous expenses the sum of
$131,500, and at the second session of the
Fortieth Congress $160,000—over a quarter of
a million dollars.
Now, what is meant by miscellaneous items
here I cannot tell, unless it has some reference
to thenewcash-room in the Treasury extension,
which is being fitted up in a style, we are tofd,
to surpass anything of'the kind in the world.
We see that it is specified that this is for carpets
and furniture as well as for miscellaneous items.
Within two years we have expended nearly two
million dollars for furniture and carpets. Why,
sir, men engaged in the Treasury Department
are walking on better carpet than they ever
walked on before in their lives—better carpet
than that we have about this House. Tlje car-
pets, too, are being constantly renewed. I see
a job under it all. Walk up Pennsylvania av-
enue any Saturday morning and you will see
crowds bidding for carpets that are said to be
worn out and have to be replaced by new ones
in the Departments. These worn-out carpets
are greedily snatched up at $2 80 a yard. It
is all for the purpose of giving the friends of
those who have control of these matters a
contract for carpets, and carpets are taken up
and sold long before they are worn out. I
say that it is a wrong practice and ought to be
stopped.
[Here the hammer tell.]
The amendment was adopted.
The Clerk read as follows :
For the general purposes of the Treasury Depart-
ment building, including the extension:
For compensation of twelve watchmen and eleven
laborers of the building, $13,800.
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I move to
strike out "$13,800 " and in lieu thereof in-
sert '' $16,500." Under the appropriation as
it is in the bill these watchmen and laborers
are compensated at the rate of $600 a year.
If you look under the head of General Land
Office and Department of the Interior you will
find that the salary is fixed at $720. My amend-
ment makes this appropriation conform to the
amendment adopted last evening, and gives
these men $720 per annum.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As I ex-
plained last evening, this appropriation is ac-
cording to existing law. Some of these watch-
men have their pay fixed by law at one rate
and some at another. Last night we adopted
an amendment to produce uniformity in the
pay of these laborers and messengers. That
being done, it of course covers all the Depart-
ments and puts them upon an equality in that
respect. In order to save time I propose that
the vote in the House on thegentleman'samend-
ment shall determine the salary of these watch-
men and messengers in all the instances in this
bill.
Mr. PETERS. I agree to that, and with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. TWICHELL. I ask unanimous consent
to go back to page 21 and offer an amendment.
Mr. MULL1NS. 1 object.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of the Interior:
For compensation of the Secretary of the Interior,
Assistant Seci ctary, chief clerk, four clcrks of class
tour, additional to three disbursing clerks, three
clerks of class three, four clerks of class two, one
return cleik, one messenger, two assistant messen-
gers, five watchmen, and three laborers iu his office,
in all, $41,540.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The Committee on Appro-
priations have instructed me to move to amend
by inserting the following after the foregoing
paragraph:
Office of Education:
For Cotnuiis-ioner of Education. $3,000; for two
clerks of class one, $2,400; ior contingent expenses,
$600.
I propose, if this is adopted, to offer a pro-
viso on behalf of the committee, disposing of
this office after the 30th of June, 1870.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I move to amend
the amendment by substituting the following
therefor:
Department of Education:
For compensation ol Commissioner of Education,
$4,000: chief clerk. S^.000; one c.erk of class four,
5>1,S00; andoneclerkot class three, SI.<300: forstation-
ery, blank books, height, express charges, library,
miscellaneous items, and extra clerical help, $10,000;
in all, $20,000.
And so much of the act entitled "An act making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
judicial expenses of the Government forth« yeaf
ending June 30,1869," approved Ju!y 20, l8fi8. as pro-
vides, " That from and after the 30th day of June,
1869, theDepartment ofEducation shall cetfSP,"&e„ is
hereby repealed; and the act entitled an "An act to
establish a Department of E(t iiCfi f.ionapproved
March 2, 1867, is hereby declared to remain in full
force.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I raise the point of order
that this is new legislation. j-
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is hot iu order.
Mr. WIIITTEM0RE. I then withdraw the
latter part, which repeals an existing law, and
offer the rest.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment, asmod-
fied, is in order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The amendment offered
by me under the direction of the Committee
on Appropriations is just in accordance with
the estimate of the Department itself, sent to
us through the Secretary of the Interior. The
amendment offered by the gentleman from
South Carolina is enlarging very much upon
what the Department has itself asked.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. Mr. Chairman, the
law which creates the office of Commissioner
ofEducation also provides what shall be done
by the Commissioner of Education and his
clcrks, and the Commissioner has assured the
committee who made an investigation into the
matters pertaining to the Department that there
is great necessity for these clerks. The gen-
tleman on my right [Mr. Famsworth] say3
there is no need of them. The Commissioner
has assured me otherwise, and the committee
on investigation are satisfied that there is great
need of these clerks.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would inquire of
the gentleman from South Carolina, or of any
other gentleman, of what use these clerks will
be? Indeed, I would like to extend the scope
of the inquiry, and ask what earthly use to the
Government is this Department of Education ?
Every State has its commissioner of schools
or of education, and we all know that all these
Departments created in Washington cost the
Government three, four, and even ten times as
much as they do anywhere else. And why
not, if you have a department of education,
have a department of religion, or a department
or blacksmithing, or of shoemaking? Why
multiply these departments? TheDepartment
of Agriculture is about as far as it seems to me
we ought to go in this experimental business
of creating departments. We have found that
to be an expensive concern. The only good
thing we gel from it, I believe, is an occasional
report which the people like—nothing else that
amounts to anything—and it costs the Govern-
ment four or five times as much as it would
an individual or even a State to do the same
thing. My recollection is that last year we
voted down this appropriation, and I hope the
committee will do so now, for I do not believe
the country will realize any considerable benefit
from this Department—nothing, at all events,
compared with the cost of it.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. The gentleman from
Illinois asks what necessity there is for a De-
partment of Education, and he thinks this is
a useless expenditure on the part of the Gov-
ernment. By referring to the report which the
committee have already made it will be seen
that the memorial to Congress in regard to this
Department sets forth the necessity which the
memorialists believed to exist for the creation
of such a department. They have also referred
in their report to the history of the country to
show that it is no new thing for those whoare
high in authority in this country from the time
of Washington -
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was put on Mr. Whittemore s
amendment to the amendment; and it was dis-
agreed to—ayes nine, noes not counted.
The question recurred on Mr. Scofield's
amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move t-o amend the
amendment by striking out all except the first
item, which provides for the salary of the Com-
