TftP CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February.^*
§sia er. 4 am satisfied ■ that there are no
9®Iiai seeded. .
' Mr. ROSS, f rise to a point of order. I
^oitld'mqtiire whether, this is not new legis-
lation ? '
The CHAIRMAN. Nothing which relates
to the Salary of an office already established
by law is new_ legislatipn under the rulings of
tfte Chaii'. *
Mr. BENJAMIN. I see by the law which
last year that'we have established
the office of Commissioner of Education, but
there is no FaW authorizing the employment of
a'ny clerks in Jlconnecti'on with it. If there is
a sinecure office under this Government it is
tlie office of the Commissioner of Education.
No earthly benefit can result from it. The
people know nothing about it, and members
of Congress know nothing about it. At the
time the subject was before the House last
year, I recollect the question being asked of
some member who was defending this Depart-
ment of Education where the concern was
located, and I believe there was not a gentle-
man upon this floor who could tell where the
office was located, or what it had been doing,
or what had been the result of its labors; and
the same is true now. I trust this amendment
will prevail.
* Mr. JENCKES. The remarks of the gentle-
man from Missouri are convincing of the pro-
priety of this appropriation. He says that we
are ignorant of the existence of this Depart-
ment—that even members of Congress are igno-
rant of it. I know they are, and it' is not to
their honor that they are, for if there is any
one small office doing good under this Govern-
ment it is the office of this Commissioner of
Education. I remember once meeting in a
book-store in this city a gentleman from one
of the southern States who was inquiring where
he could find some works'giving an account of
the com mon-school system of the eastern States.
He did not know that there was such an office
in the city, and I referred him to the office of
the Commissioner of Education. I afterward
had the curiosity to inquire who he was and
what information he obtained, and I found that
he was himself a commissioner from one of
the southern States endeavoring to seek knowl-
edge by which he might better administer the
duties of his office.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman
answer me a question?
Mr. JENCKES. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I see that last year we
appropriated §10,000 for this concern. Now,
my question is: what has been the result of
that appropriation? What has issued from
that Department?
Mr. JENCKES. The most valuable docu-
ment that has been printed by this Congress,
the report of the Commissioner of Education ;
and if the gentleman has not seen it I commend
to him an examination of it. I know this gen-
tleman who is the Commissioner of Education,
and his history in connection with the cause
of education. He is a man who has spent his
life in this business, and there is no man living
either in this country or any other who can
better serve the cause of education than he
caa. If this Government should appropriate
fifty or a hundred thousand dollars a year it
would be cheap for what he would do in col-
lecting and disseminating useful information in
regard to the systems of education in this coun-
try and abroad. By this appropriation we do
not propose to educate the people, but we
undertake to create an exchange where ideas
can be passed back and forth through this
national office, and where the commissioners
of the different States can obtain information
concerning European systems of education and
anything that would aid in the progress of
education.
We have at the head of this Department the
most experienced man for that purpose that can
befound. To strike out the clerks will be to
strike down th,e office itself, for the business of
the Commissioner is correspondence, receiving
and answering letters from all parts of .the
country.. It is in this way that this information
is disseminated; and if we take away the means
for disseminating this information by refusing
any appropriation for clerks of what avail is
this information? Therefore, instead of reduc-
ing this appropriation we should increase it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the .amendment.
, Mr.. FARNSWORTH. I renew it. If this
was an appropriation to purshase school-books,
spelling-books, and primers, to be distributed
among the poor of the country, I would vote
for it. If it was an appropriation to purchase
books needed among the freedmen of the South
I would vote for it, for it might then be of some
use to the people of the United States. But
the book which this Commissioner issues, and
of which the gentleman from Rhode Island
[Mr. Jenckes] has spoken, is a book for the
learned, and of which now and then a man
gets a copy. The poor man does not get it;
the ignorant man does not get. it; but, now and
then a worthy constituent of my friend from
Rhode Island or myself gets this book, and it
is a gratification to him to receive it, and par-
ticularly is he well gratified to receive it under
the frank of my friend or of myself, or of any
other member of Congress. To that extent
and no further is the appropriation of any earthly
use.
As regards the statistics which gentlemen
claim are of such value, the high schools and
institutions of learning which the States have
organized for themselves are the places where
valuable information is collected. But a gen-
tleman stuck up here in the third or fourth
story of some building in Washington, sur-
rounded by a dozen clerks writing essays or
compiling learned statistics to be sent to the
constituents of my friend from South Carolina, |
[Mr. Whittemokk,] who never were inside a
school-house, and who will not be able to read
them for a year or two. and who will not be
able to understand t.hem for five years—of what
earthly use is such information as that? This
is not one of the proper functions of our Gov-
ernment, or if it is we should go further and
establish departments of various kinds of
science, a department of engineerins, &c. The
gentleman from Cal forma [Mr. Hicby] did
propose sometime since to establish a depart-
ment of mines and mining. We might better
establish such a department as that than to
vote supplies to support this one.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. The Committee on Edu-
cation examined this subject and reported to
the Committee on Appropriations, I believe
unanimouslj', that they were in favor of as large
an appropriation as this. I think that perhaps
they went a little further. The Committee on
Appropriations then investigated the subject
carefully. They had Professor Barnard before
them, and they listened to all the scandal which
the President of the United States has conde-
scended to throw around this man. The com-
mittee came to the conclusion that Professor
Barnard stood in the same relation that do all
the good men of this country who are assailed
by the President of the United States. It is
only the bad men of the country who have
escaped the assaults of the highest office-holder
in the land.
After a careful consideration of the matter
the Committee on Appropriations thought it
was little enough to recommend for the great
educational interests of this country an appro-
priation of $6,000. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth] said last night that his
fellow-members ought to be ashamed of them-
selves not to give $1,200 each to the female
clerks employed by the Government. Now, it
seems to me that when only $6,000 are asked
for the great educational interests of this coun-
try, to pay a single professor andtwo first-class
clerks, the lowest order of clerks, and only $600
for contingent expenses, gentlemen should be
ashamed to get up here and oppose it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to correct
the gentleman. I said last night that I was
ashamed that gentlemen were not willing to
vote as much pay to a woman for doing the
same work as they would vote to a man. That
is what I said.
Mr. SCOFIELD. For the consolation • of
those gentleman who are opposing this small
appropriation I will say that I am instructed by
the committee to propose, should toy present
amendment be adopted, a proviso which will
limit the continuance of this office to the next
fiscal year, leaving Congress free to make ap-
propriations for this purpose or not, as may
be deemed best. Mr. Chairman, I ask unani-
mous consent that debate be closed on the
pending paragraph.
There was no objection.
Mr. Farnsworth's amendment to the
amendment was not agreed to.
On agreeing to the amendment of Mr. Sco-
field, there were—ayes 60, noes 36 ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Scofield
and Mr. Farnsworth were appointed.
The committee divided; aud the tellers re-
ported—ayes 81, noes 42.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to amend by add-
ing the following to the paragraph j ust adopted:
Provided, That the office of Commissioner of Edu-
cation shall cease at, the expiration of the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1870.
Mr. ARCHER. I raise the point of order
that this amendment proposes new legislation,
and is therefore not in order as an amendment
to an appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read as follows:
For cash system, maps, diagrams, stationery, fur-
niture, and repairsot the same, miscellaneousitems,
ineimUpg two of the city newspapers, to be filed,
bound, and preserved for the use of the office; for
advertising and telegraphing, for miscell an eous items
on account of bounty lands and military patents
under the several acts, and for contingent expenses
under swamp-land act of September 28, 1850, $8,000.
Mr. DICKEY. I move to amend by strik-
ing out at the beginning of the paragraph just
read the words cash system.'' I would like
to know what those words mean.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For surveyor general of Colorado and Utah, S3,000.
and for the clerks in his office, J4.0&0, $7,000.
Mr. CAKE. I move to amend by striking
out in the paragraph just read the words "and
Utah." I desire to call the attention of the
committee to the fact that the salary of the
surveyor general of Utah is provided for in
another part of the bill.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For surveyor general of Utah Territory, $3,000;
and the clerks in his office, $4,000.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend by striking
out the paragraph just read.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There is
no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
United States Patent Office:
For compensation of the Commissioner of the Pat-
ent Office, $4,500; for chief clerk. $2,500; for three
examiners m chief, at $i,000 each, $9,000; twenty
principal examiners, at $2,500 cach, $50,000; twenty
first assistant examiners, at $1,800 each, $36,000;
twenty second assistant examiners, at $1,600 each,
S32.000; one disbursing clerk, $2,000; one librarian,
SI,800; one machinist, $1,600; onemessenger, $1,000;
making in all the sum ot $140,400.
Mr. KELSEY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to move to amend
the paragraph just read by inserting after the
clause appropriating the salary of the chief
clerk the following:
One superintendent of drawings for the annual
report, 82,500.
I will state that this amendment and some
others which I am instructed to offer to other
items relating to the Patent Office hav.e been
agreed upon on consultation with the Coinmis-
