1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sicmer of Patents. He appeared before the
Committee on Appropriations ; and it was at
his request that these amendments increasing
to some extent the appropriations were agreed
upon.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.. KELSEY. I move to amend by adding
$2,500 to the gross amount at the end of the
paragraph, so as to make it $142,900.
The amendment was agreed to.
, Mr. MYERS. I move to amend by striking
out in lines six hundred and eighty and six hun-
dred and eighty-one the words "$1,800 each,
$36,00Q," and inserting "$2,000 each, $40,-
000 so as to make the clause read as follows:
Twenty first assistant examiners, at §2,000 each,
$40,006.
This amendment proposes only a reijnact-
mentof the provision which passed this House
in 1807. At the first session of the present
Congress I introduced a bill adding twelve to
the force of examiners in the Patent Office and
adding $200 to the salaries of each of the first
assistant examiners, the class between the
principal examiners, who get $2,500, and the
second assistants, who receive $1,600 each.
That bill went to the Senate. The business
of the Patent Office was so pressing and the
work so many months in arrear that the Senate
passed the first section of the bill ; but in the
economy of its wisdom, I am sorry I cannot
say in the wisdom of its economy, it struck out
the second section.
The salary of these examiners was fixed in
1848. Since that time I need not say how much
the cost of living has increased or how much
better clerical ability has been paid than before;
and it is too much to expect that we shall get i
men of the first order of ability, who are to act |
judicially upon questions involving the nicest j
legal discrimination and the highest knowledge !
of mechanical sciences, at $1,800 a year. j
The Patent Office, it is well known, is self- |
sustaining and can well afford to pay adequate [
compensation to its officers. When the bill I !
liave mentioned passed this House the Patent
Office fund was $204,000, which by act of Con-
gress has since been transferred to the Treasury.
In the five months ending January 1. 1809,
the surplus of receipts over expenditures was
$53,000, and it is estimated that this year it
will be over one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars. The inventors of the country pay this
money, and they should have men of the best
capacity for this work. The improvident issue
of patents alike with their improper rejection
may result in much expense and litigation in
the former case and great wrong in the latter.
As the Government does not lose but the in-
ventors pay all the costs, they are entitled to
hare the best talent, and it is to their interest
it should be well paid.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MYERS. I move to strike out the last
word, "dollars."
Mr. Chairman, I do trust Ihe House will give
this subject proper consideration, and that it
will not be carried away by any false notions
of economy. The laborer is worthy of his hire,
and who more than these examiners?
Mr. SPALDING. I make the point of order
that the gentleman must confine his remarks
to his amendment to strike outtheword "dol-
lars."
Mr. MYERS. I will do so. This is a ques-
tion of " dollars." [Laughter.] It isa question
whether these Government employes shall
receive fair and adequate compensation forthe
work they do. If the House means to stand
by the law it passed in 1837, it will pay the
examiners the sum I have named : and but for
going beyond that decision, 1 would at this
time move to add to the salaries of each class
of examiners, for all deserve it, but these the
most. How much has the work increased since
1848 when these salaries were fixed? Sir, as the
Commissioner tells us in his report, in one room
during the past year moreapplications have been
decided than by the whole office in 1855. I made
a statement of the number of "applications for
patents in" 1865 and 1866 when the bill I have
alluded to was under discussion. In 1865 there
were 10,604, and 6,616 patents were issued.
In'1866 there were 15,269, and 9,450 patents
were issued. But in 1867 the applications had
increased to 21,227, and 13,015 patents were
issued; and in 1868 the applications num-
bered 24,420, and the patents granted 13,378.
The skilled men upon whom the brain work
of these decisions is devolved ought to have
better pay; and as neither the Treasury nor
the public will lose by it, I do not see what
good ground there is for refusing it to them. I
withdraw the amendment, "dollars," in the
hope that the committee will yet see the pro-
priety of agreeing to my first amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 move
that the committee now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speakerhavingresumed thechair, Mr.SciiENCK
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, having had under con-
sideration the Union generally, and particu-
larly the bill (H. R. No. 1673) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th June, 1870, had come to
no resolution thereon.
witnesses in contempt discharged.
Mr. BLAIR, from the special committee to
investigate alleged frauds at the late presiden- |
tial ele'etion in the State of New York, submitted
the following resolutions ; which were sever-
ally adopted:
Rciolved, That David AY. Reeve, arrested by and
now in the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms of the
House for refusal to appear before the committee on
alleged X ev,_ York election frauds, be discharged from
custody.
Resolved, That John H. Bell, arrested by and now
in the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House
for refusal to answer questions put to him by the ;
committee on alleged Jsew York election frauds, be j
discharged from custody on payment of costs of j
an est. I
Mr. BLAIR moved to reconsider the vote i
by winch the resolutions were adopted: and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same :
An act (H. R. No. 2003) to authorize the
county commissioners of Ada county, Idaho,
to select a site for a territorial prison ; and
An act (H. 11. No. 2004) establishing the
term of office of the house of representatives
and providing for biennial sessions of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Mon-
tana.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Buck-
land for two days on account of illness in his
family ; to Mr. Woodbridue for four days on
account of illness, and to Mr. Garfield indefi-
nitely on account of illness.
bridges across the ohio.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, asked unanimous
consent to introduce the following resolution:
Remlve'l, That the Committee on Roads and (
Canals be, and they are hereby, authorized to print
the testimony taken on the subject, of the proper !
length of span of bridges across the Ohio river.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the legislative
appiopriatiun bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Wilson, of Iowa, in thechair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1073)
making appropriations'.'for the legislative, .ex-
ecutive, ana judicial expense's oAhe Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1870. . • '
The Clerk read as follows :
For thiity-two clerks of class two, $41,800.
Mr. KELSEY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to move to strike out
'• thirty-two" and insert "thirty-five," so that
it will read " for thirty-five clerks of class
two."
Mr. JENCKES. ■ I move to amend the
amendment by inserting "fifty-six" instead
of "thirty-five." These appropriations are
made necessary from the action of Congress
at its last'session when it took' possession of
the Patent Office fund, put it into the Treas-
ury, and made all the expenditures for that
office the subject of future appropriation. The
Patent Office differs from any other bureau
in this Government. It was- created for the
purpose of carrying out the "provision of the
Constitution giving protection to science and
the useful arts. When the act of 1837, as
amendatory of the act of 1836, was passed
it was intended and expected that the Pat-
ent Office should be self-supporting, and that
every person seeking the protection of the
Government for'his invention or discovery
should contribute something to the support of
that Department of the Government through
which he obtained his aid. That office has
been administered upon that principle. It has
actually been self-supporting, and had in July
last a large amount to its credit in the Treas-
ury. By the act of July last that money was
| taken possession of as any other money. Pre-
j vious to that time the Commissioner of Patents
' employed such clerks as he needed for carry-
ing on this business. Now he reports to the
| Committee on Patents that he requires the
] service of these fifty-six clerks to transact the
necessary business of the office. They do not
take one dollar from the other revenues of the
Government. They are all paid their salaries
fiom the proceeds of contributions of inventors,
and if the institution is to be carried on at all in
: the spirit in which it was founded and for the
purpose for which it was intended the necessary
force should be provided for so carrying it on.
Every one knows who has done business at the
office for six or seven years past that the force
has at all times been insufficient to give prompt
decisions upon the cases presented. At dif-
ferent times the business has been from six
months to nearly two years in arrear, and if
we cut down the present force by the sweeping
diminution proposed by the bill—though it is
somewhat modified by the amendment—we
shall soon bring it to a dead stand; that is, it
will be so far in arrear that it will be of little
use for an inventor to attempt to obtain a pat-
ent in any reasonable or practicable time.
The Commissioner says he absolutely needs
this force. He has furnished a list of the num-
ber of officers he requires, and without which he
says he cannot transactthe business. The com-
mittee have met him only part wa}'. Unless
we give him the requisite means to do the busi-
ness why should he undertake to do it at all ?
There is no suggestion by the committee that
the business ought not to be transacted, or that
there is ;.ny reason on the ground of economy
or anything else for the diminution of the force.
It is a mere arbitrary rule applied to this
Department without any useful result what-
ever.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. IvELSEY. Perhaps the committee will
better understand this whole question if I send
to the Clerk's desk and have read the series ot
amendments that I shall propose to this part
of the bill relating to the force to be employed
in the Patent Office. It will be seen that while
the Committee on Appropriations have not
given the Commissioner of Patents all the force
he required, they have materially increased it
from what it appears in the bill as it now stands.
1 send to the Clerk and ask to have read as a
part of my remarks the amendments which I
am instructed to offer.
