February; 2$,
The Clerk read as follows;
Page 29, line six hundred and ninety, £
"ftirfty-two" and inSerS thirty-five," and
i out
.' and make tKe
totaTsum $40,600.
Page 29, line six hundred and ninety-two,, strike
out" twenty-six " and insert" forty," and make the
total $48,000.
Page 29, strike oat lines six hundred and ninety-
four and^ix hundred and ninpty-flve.
Page 29, after the word '"dollars," on line six hun-
dred awl ninety-seven, insert-:
J?or thirteen copyists of drawings at 61,000 each,
$13,000; for fifty-three female copyists at $700 each,
$37,100. '
Page 29, line seven hundred and four, strike out
"Jive" and insert "seven,™ andmakethetotal$6,300.
J?ag,e 29, line seven hundred and six, strike out
"ttiifty" and insert41 thirty-six," and make the total
831,680.
Page 30, strike out lines s.ev.en hundred and eight,
aev^iihvindred and nine, and seven hundred and ten,
and insSrt:
For two pages at $432 eaoh, and one washerwoman
atJ300,|l,l«4. '
Page 39, line ssysn hundred and sixteen, strikeout
the tftitds " and so forth, and so forth/' and insert,
"and other eonliBgeSeies."
Mr. KELSE Y. It will be seen that by those
several amendments which I am instructed to
offer by the Committee on Appropriations they
have provided for nearly the amount of force
which the gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr.
Jexckes] thinks the Commissioner ought to
have. I now ask for a vote on the amend-
ments.
The question was put on the amendment to
the amendment proposed by Mr. Jexckes;
and there were—ayes 36, noes 59 ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Kelsey and
Mr. Jexckes were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 56, noes 62.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The question recurred on the amendment
offered by Mr. Kelsey from the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "thirty-five" and
inserting "fifty." It has been suggested that
these amendments proposed by the Committee
on Appropriations meet the approbation of the
Commissioner of Patents. I am assured by him
that they do not, except in part. He has exhib-
ited to the Committee on Appropriations a list of
the officers which he deems absolutely neces-
sary for the purpose of transacting the business
of the office, and the committee have reduced
the number in all instances, and in some in-
stances have reduced the gtade, thus not only
not furnishing him with a sufficient force to
carry on the office as it now is bat requiring a
reconstitution of the office, either degrading
clerks from their present positions to lower
ones or appointing new ones to the new posi-
tions while the old ones are dismissed. Instead
of giving him the means of transacting his
business, they throw obstacles in his way
that will make it impossible for him to carry
it on.
Now, sir, I want the House to understand
this question. The Commissioner of Patents
is charged with the transaction of this business
under the law. The funds which he needs for
that purpose are not contributed by the Gov-
ernmentor by the people from any other source
of taxation. They are the voluntary contribu-
tions of the inventors of this country, who come
here to seek protection under the law, and in
many cases they are the contributions of those
who do not obtain that protection j for whether
the inventor'sapplication for a patent is granted
or rejected the fee required by law is paid and
goes into the Treasury for the purpose of pay-
ing the expenses of this office. If, therefore,
the office is to be carried on as it ought to be
the Commissioner should be allowed the neces-
sary fprce with which to do it. He is the proper
person to say what number of clerks of one class
he should have and what number of another
class, assigningjthe different duties to each and
arranging the whole so that the business of the
office may be performed promptly and well.
Ana hitherto, notwithstanding the Commis-
sioner of Patents has had full power to appoint
clerks, the business of that office has increased
to such an extent that hp has pot been able, to
"have it promptly transacted. It has increased,
and is still increasing. The applications filed
in the office during the month of January last
were sixteen hundred and ninety-seven j and
for one week in February there were four hun-
dred and thirty-four applications. And with
this increase in the business of that Depart-
ment the force which the Commissioner had last
July would be incapable to meet the demands
of the inventors of this country.
Now, instead of endeavoring to meet the
wants of the country, the Committee on Appro-
priations, under the power which they now
have, propose to withhold the necessary appro-
priations, and for what purpose? Is it for
the purpose of raising revenue from these in-
ventors? This is not money which has been
paid into the Treasury from taxes raised from
the people for any specific object, however
necessary for the Government. It is not the
money of the people that you are asked to vote
away. It is the money of the inventors, earned
by toil of brain and sweat of brow, which you
steal from them.
Mr. MYERS. Money paid in for this very
purpose.
Mr. JENCKES. Yes, money paid in for this
purpose. The law made every cent of the
money thus paid in a sacred trust in the hands
of the Government, to be appropriated for the
purpose the law designated. There is no
economy in this; it is the reverse of economy ;
holding out to this class of people, the most
meritorious among us, the promise of reward
for their inventive talent, while at the same
time you take away from them the means by
which they can obtain that reward. I have
named this addition to the force proposed by
the Committee on Appropriations because I
am satisfied from my own personal knowledge
of the business of that office, as well as from the
statement of the Commissioner, that unless he
has this number of clerks to take up and carry
on this business as it now is in some branches
of that Department the business must be
stopped.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
only that the Committee of the Whole shall
understand this matter. Last year, finding that
there was no excess of fees going anywhere ;
that every dollar the inventors paid in was
being squandered ; blank-books worth twenty-
five cents being bought at twenty-five dollars,
and blanks enough purchased at once to sup-
ply the office in advance for forty-two years,
Congress took the matter in hand and ordered
that all the money received for fees should be
paid into the Treasury, so that a full and
proper account might be kept of it and what
was necessary to carry on the work might be
appropriated for that purpose.
The Committee on Appropriations undertook
to give the Commissioner what we thought he
wanted. We found we had made a mistake.
He came before us and we heard his statement.
We appointed a sub-committee to go and confer
with him. That committee came back and
reported to us, and we concluded to increase
the appropriation to the amount proposed by
the amendment of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Kelsey,] even giving the Commis-
sioner $'200 for a washerwoman to wash the
floors, and just as many copyists as he desires.
We only take away from him that most mis-
chievous and most terrible power, the power
of appointing temporary and extra clerks with-
out limit. We have given him all he used to
have and all that he can make any good use of.
The argument of my friend from Rhode
Island [Mr. Jexckes] kills itself. He says
that with the unlimited power of appointment
that the Commissioner had last July he could
not appoint clerks enough to keep up with the
business of the office. I know that is so,
because he appointed clerks who never went
into the office except to draw their salaries.
Mr. JENCKES. That is a slander upon
the Commissioner.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
apt a slander. The gentleman himself wjll
agree that the man turned o<ito£,that offige.lagt
July, as he knows and as I know, was ^orrupt
from first to last. They have, already fourteen
hundred employes in that office. , .
Mr. MYERS. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question? . •
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts.' I have
but a minute or two. , ," t
Mr. MYERS. I want simply to know w|Hat
the last Commissioner has to do with'the'pres-
ent one ? And when the present CommisAoner
tells us that he needs this force why will not
the Committee on Appropriations give it' to
him, especially when in one of the rooms the
work is three months in arrears? I want the
inventors of the country to understand whether
their money is spent for their benefit or not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There is
no occasion for any heat in regard to this ques-
tion. All I-wish to say is that the inventors
will find out, when we have a proper officer as
Commissioner of Patents—and I have nothing
to say against the gentleman now occupying
the position, who is managing the office a great
deal better than it has been managed for years
past—the work will be attended to properly,
and will not be behind. I agree that we did
not give the Commissioner of Patents a suffi-
cient number of clerks last year. But in this
bill we have nearly doubled the number of
clerks; we have allowed him copyists; we
have given him every facility that we thought
could reasonably be asked, but we do not
believe it proper that we should confer on him
this power of appointing temporary 'clerks
whenever he may think them necessary. We
have in this bill provided for all the force that
we think necessary for the office ; and if it turns
out that more is needed, let the Commissioner
of Patents during the next Congress bring in
a bill to remodel the office.
My time is expiring ; and I will conclude by
asking unanimous consent that the debate with
reference to clerks in the Patent Office be
closed, otherwise we shall consume more time
than the question is worth.
Mr. JENCKES. I object.
The question beingtaken on the amendment
of Mr. Jexckes to the amendment of Mr.
Kelsey, there were—ayes 20, noes 64; no
quorum voting.
The hour of half past four o'clock having
arrived, the Committee of the Whole rose in-
formally ; the Speaker resumed the chair, and
the House took a recess till half past seven
o'clock p. m.
evening session.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m,
legislative, etc , APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Wholo
on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of HousebillNo.
1673, making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1870.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
rose, at the time of taking the recess, the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. kelsey] had
offered an amendment to strike out in line six
hundred and ninety the words "thirty-two"
and insert in lieu thereof "thirty-five;" so at
to provide for thirty-five cleiks of class tw,o
for the Patent Office. To this amendment tto
gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr. jbsokes]
hadofferedan amendmenttostrikeout " thirty?
five'1 and iusert "fifty;" so as to provide fo*
fifty clerks of class two. On agreeing to the
amendment, to the amendment no quorifiH
voted. The question will be again taken.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
amendment of Mr. Jenckes to the amendment
