17-92
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
this ameudmeSV **ud now ttm question recurs
upon the amendment of thefienatoirfrom New
Hampshire; and here arises a point.as to the
amount of the salary. If that is rejected the
whole question of striking out recurs.
Mr. MORTON,. But,! say to tlj'e Senator
that if the amendment of the Senator from
New Hampshire should not be adopted my
amendmentfa,lls>with it, alnd the salaries-are
to be paid whether the .judges reside at-the
places for holding the courts or not.- ,'Now-,
for the purpose .<>? cutting the knot, "if we re-
consider the vote adopting my amendment I
will then offer it as a substitute for the. other.
_ The PRESIDENT- pro tempore. The-ques-
•tion is on reconsidering the vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS- 1 merely:rise to a^k the
Chair a quesfcion.of order, whether, if this vote
be not reconsidered, it will be in order to divide
the question -and take it on the first branch
proposed by the Senator from New Hampshire,
and then on the second branch proposed by the
Senator from,Indiana?
■The PRESIDENT jaro tempore. The-latter
branch has been already adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS- I know ; but it has now
one pending amendment whieh contains two
distract propositions, and my question to the
Chair is whether in taking the question o  that
amendment it can be.dividedso.aS to vote upon
one part at a tim,e? ■
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I suppose
it may be.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no doubt of it,
and that is why I am opposed to the reconsid-
eration.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have pretty
much lost all interest in this particular propo-
sition of the bill, and shall be impelled very soon
to abandon the whole bill. I wish to make
this single remark, that what we have seen here
to-day;illustrates the folly of undertaking to
legislate and determine what the service ought
to be on a bill which- is to provide for the ser-
vice as it is fixed by law. Wo are attempting
to legislate here with inadequate knowledge.
But what-if rose particularly to say was that
a remark which fell from my colleague I think
is unjust to the Clerk, and must necessarily
embarrass him. I understood my colleague to
suppose that there was a difference between
the interpretation which the Clerk and the
Chair put upon this matter. I do not so un-
derstand, I understpod the Chair to say
explicitly that in effect—although it was not so
put—the proposition of the Senator from In-
diana was a substitute for the amendment of
the Senator from -New Hampshire. I under-
stood the Clerk t-0 be adhering to that ruling
of the Chair when ho read, or undertook to
read, the record in harmony with what he
understood to be the effect of the action of the
Senate. Therefore there is not necessarily any
difference between the Chair and the Clerk,
or, at any rate, the Clerk was not, as I under-
stood, antagonizing the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. J.1 ESSENDEN., I do not know that any
explanation is necessary,' but the Chair stated
over and over again that the amendment of the
Senator from Indiana was an amendment to
the amendment proposed by thQ &enator'from
New Hampshire, as the Chair understood, and
the Clerk when he read, as he was requested
to do, used the words that the Senator from
Indiana had moved as a substitute for the
amendment proposed by the Senator from New
Hampshire so and so. That is a very different
thing. I think that it was in effect a substitute,
and that the Clerk was right in his reading;
and the object of my inquiry was to know liow
the Chair ruled, whether according to what the
Chair had said or according to the reading of
the Clerk.
The PRE&IDENT pro tempore. I was not
occupying the chair at the time when this
amendment of the Senator, from Indiana was
ouered; and when I came, back the Senator
who was occupying the chair, at the, time in-
formed me that the question was on the amend-
ment offered by the- Senator from Indiana to
the amendment 01 the Senator from New
Hampshire. I think it is a.ir amendment to
that amendment. I can see nothing else in it.
It is an amendment to the amendment; and
the Clerk has read it oyer and oyer again, as
he was directed to read, and the Chair does not
See any difficulty in it; but the Senate does. .
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no difficulty-at
all, because it is open to division. The Qhair
is right.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the reconsideration of the vote by
which the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana was: adopted.
.. The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. Now I offer .my amend-
ment, if it'is in order, as a substitute for that
offered by the Senator from New Hampshire-.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I would-suggest
to the Senator from Indiana that he move to
strike out all after the word "that" 'in the
amendment of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire and insert his proposition.
Mr. THAYER. How will it read then?
Mr. SUMNER. That is the same thing.
Mr. MORTON. I will accept the sugges-
tion offered by the Senator from New Jersey.
That leaves a word of the original amendment
offered- by the Senator from New Hampshire
and saves any question of order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Thenitwillbe an amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senator from
New Hampshire.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It strikes out the original
proposition in effect.
Mr. CONKLINQ-. I should like to vote
understaudiugly, and therefore I beg to ask a
question of the Chair. I f the amendment offered
by the Senator from Indiana now as a substi-
tute prevails will it then be in order for the
Senator from New Hampshire to move to
reduce the amount to the sum which he pro-
poses ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
in order. The question is on the substitute
offered by the Senator from Indiana, upon which
the yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, it seems
to me we are only wasting time to-day. There
seems no opposition to the proposition.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us finish this.
Mr. CAMERON. Let us finish it, but why
not vote on it without the yeas and nays. It
will carry without the yeas and nays.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas -11, nays 12 ; as follows: '
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cameron, Chand-
ler, Cole, Oonkling, Conness, Corbett, Cragin, l!d-
muncis, f erry, Pessenden, Frelinghuysen, Grimes,
Harlan, Harris, Howe. Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton. Osborn, Pat-
terson of Mewltampshiie, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey,
Rice, Robertson, Ross, .Stewart, Sumner, Thayer,
.Trumbull, Van Winkle, Warner, Welch, Wliyto,
Witlev, Williams, and Wilson—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Davis, Doo-
little, iowler, Hcndricks, McCreery, Nye. Patterson
of Tennessee. Saulsbury, Sherman, and Viekers—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Dixon, Drake, Hender-
son, Howard, Morgan, Norton, Sawyer, Spencer,
Sprague, Tipton, W atle, and Yates—-13.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to offer ail amend-
ment to the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. This is not through with.
Mr. RAMSEY. This is not through with!
We have spent three or four hours on it, and I
thought it was through.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
desire now to offer the second part, the proviso
to my original amendment, as an amendment
to this section.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is not the question
now whether the amendment, as amended, shall
be adopted ?
The PRESIDENTproiempore. It is a sub-
stitute for the entire clause.
Mr. IRUMBULL. It was an amendment
to an amendment to strike out after the word
''that,'' and the question, I apprehend, now is
whether the amendment, as amended, shall be
adopted, and it was not a substitute because
the word " that'' was retained.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion i.-; on the amendment as amended.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
ask whether my amendment is in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
in order when this is adopted, not at present.
The question is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. An amendment has now
been adopted to the amendment offered by the
Senator from New Hampshire. It now con-
stitutes one amendment which is now pending,
and the question is, shall the amendment, aa
amended, .be adopted ? Now, I submit to the
Chair that it is entirely competent to offer other
amendments. There is not an amendment to
-the amendment now pending; there is but one
amendment, and it is entirely competent for
the,Senator from New Hampshire to propose
to amend this amendment still further by addi-
tions.
. .The PRESIDENT pro tempore. ■ The Chair
is of'opinion that it would be in-order for him
to do so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood -the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire to offer as an
amendment a portion of what he had offered
before, and I desire to vote for that. .
The PRESIDENTjwo tempore. The amend-
ment to the amendment will be read.
Mr. WARNER. _ This is an amendment to
an amendment again. We come out at the
same hole we went in.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
call for the reading of my amendnient.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment now
proposed to the' amendment just adopted is to
insert:
Provided, That from and after the passage of this
act the salaries to be paid to the officers appointed
under the aet to carry into effect the treaty between
the United States and her Britannic Majesty for the
suppression of the African slave trade shall be as
follows: the judge atNew York, $100: the judge at
OapeTown, $100; the judge at Sierra Leone, $109; the
arbitrator at New York, fifty dollais; the arbitrator
at Cape Town, fifty dollars; the arbitrator at Sierra
Leone, fifty dollars.
Mr. MORTON. I now make this question
of order: inasmuch as my amendment has just
been adopted as a substitute for that, is it com-
petent to offer the same amendment or one in
substance the same to be voted on again?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is not
in order. It is the proposition just rejected,
and of course it cannot be received.
- Mr.-PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
submit that it has not been voted down. It has
not been acted on at all.
.The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the
same proposition that was considered and re-
jected.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. It
is an entirely different proposition. We recon-
sidered the vote that was taken, and then the
gentleman from Indiana offered his as a sub-
stitute, which I think he had no right to do.
But, however., the vote was taken upon it, and
now I offer a part of my original motion as an
amendment.
Mr. MORTON. Of course, then, the merits
of the Senator's proposition were voted upon
in making mine a substitute for his, and now
he asks us to vote on the same question again.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I beg to remind the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana that he could
hardly insist upon the ruling he asks even if
technically it would be warranted, because be-
fore the vote was taken I t ok occasion myself
to inquire of the Chair whether the adoption
of his substitute would in any, way foreclose
the Senator from New Hampshire ; and the
Chair replied, as 1 supposed the rule was, that
itwould not. Now, for one. 1 should not have
voted for the substitute of the Senator from
Indiana if I had supposed it was at all in dero-
gation of the right of my friend from New
Hampshire to renew his amendment, aud it
would be very extraordinary after the inquiry
made of the Chair and the answer if we should
be debarred the privilege of voting to reduce
these amounts. Therefore1 1 submit to the
honoiable Senator from Indiaua thai even i'-
he thinks he is technically right he ought not,.
