1809.
HUE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
798
in the face- of the assurance upon which.' we
voted,to insist upon his point of,order..': - ,
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President,'I have
endeavored for the last hoar to get the floor to
submit a motion, and whenever I h&ve brought
my mind to the conclusion that there was a
chance for me to do so I found that somebody
learned in legislative rules1 differed froin/me
and took up time with something else. ■ I think
after the dissertations we- have heard on the
subject of our rules -ojir minds require a few
hours rest, and therefore,, I .am disposed, to
move an adjournment, I cfo .so for the reason
that I' am now 'satisfied that we shall never
come to a conclusion on this matter to-day. A
little while ago the Senator from Massachusetts,
who is certainly more learned than lhost of us
on these subjects, had a proposition of which
he was in favor carried by a vote of three to
one; but instead of taking the vote at ,onee he
insisted upon a call of the yeas and nays.
When the time consumed in taking the yeas
and nays was thus occupied the proposition
was carried by a vote of 41 to 12. 'When a
Senator so able as he is. so learned as he is,
will waste the time in calling for 'the yeas and
nays on a proposition ■flrhiclv it was evident
would prevail by so large a majority, I think
it is time for u,s to go out of doors and rest
a little while. Imove'that the Senate adjourn.
Mr, MORRILL, of'Mainei. On that ques-
tion I call for tbe.yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and- being
taken resulted—yeas 23, nays 26; as follows:
TEAS—-Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Buckalew, Cam-
eron, Oragln, Davis, Dixon, Doolittlo, Fowler,
Grimes, Harrj..'., Hendricks, McCreery, Nye, Patter-
son of Tennessee, Pool, Ramsey, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Trumbull, VanWmkle.Viokers, and Whyte—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Conkling, Conness, Corbctt, Ed-
munds, Fe^senden, Frelingnuysen, Harlan. Hender-
son, llowe, Kellogg, Morrill of* Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Osborn,, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Pomeroy. Ilieo, ltoss, Sherman, Stewart, Sum-
ner, Thayer, Warner, WiUey, Williams, and Wil-
son—28.
ABSENT — Messrs. Jiayard. Oattell, Chandler,
Cole, Drake, Ferry, Howard, McDonald,, Morgan.
Norton, Sawyer, Spencer, Sprague, Tipton, Wade,
Welch, ijjsd Yates—17..,
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. RAMSEY. Is a motion to amend now
in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
believes that a motion to amend the amend-
ment which has just been agreed to is not in
order; but still when the question was put to
the Chair he supposed for a moment that the
proposition was to reduce the amount of the
salaries proposed, and he therefore intimated
that it would be in order; and he will stand
by that and receive the amendment of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. If gentlemen think
the decision is wrong they may appeal.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 had no reference to that.
I have be,en trying for some time to get an
opportunity to offer an amendment to the bill.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive-the amendment of the Senator
from Now Hampshire, more because, perhaps,
he misled the Senate than because he believes
it to be exactly in order. The proposition of
the Senator from New Hampshire will be read.
The CniiiF Clerk. It is proposed to insert
at the end of the proviso just adopted the fol-
lowing additional proviso:
Provided,however, That from and afterthe passage
of tbis act the salaries to be paid to the otficeis ap-
pointed under the act to carry into effect the treaty
between theUnited States and her Britannic Majesty
for tho suppression of the African slave trade shall
be as follows: the judge at New York, $100; the
judge at Cape Town, SI 00: the judge at Sierra Leone,
$100; the arbitrator at New Y ork, fifty dollars; tho
arbitrator at Cape Town, fifty dollars; the arbitrator
at Sierra Leone, fifty dollars.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on this amendment to tho amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I need
not tell the Senate that I am not much of a
lawyer. I am so poor a lawyer that I thought
the other day it was the duty of the Govern-
ment to pay its debts to loyal persons, even
though, as the Senator from Wisconsin said,
their next door neighbors were rebels, and I
do nob believe Congress has a right to repeal a
treaty. \ The treaty requires us to maintain
courts. Now, what is maintaining a court? Is
it maintaining a'eourt to give, a judge a salary
tliat wiH not pay his expenses? Is it main-
taining a court at Sierra Leone to give a man
$.sal&ry,.of $100 a year? Suppose the treaty
had said that we should maintain courts-and
should-pas' thewijaonorable salaries.
,Mr.- DAVIS. Will my honorable friend per-
mit- me to ask himl a question 1
' Mr. ANTHONY. With great pleasure.
Mr. DAVIS. Does that treaty require us
to pay-the salaries that have been paid ? May
we not regulate the subject of salaries accord-
ing to our .discretion?
Mr. ANTHONY. That is what I am en-
deavoring to argue ; bnt, as I say, I am a very
poor lawyer. The treaty binds us to maintain
a court I say you do'not maintain a court
when -you do not pay the judge enough to carry
•him to the place where he must hold the court.
If the treaty had required us to give to the
judges honorable salaries every one w-ould
say t'hat it was a violation of that treaty to re-
fuse the appropriation. Now, I say that we
are just as much' bound to maintain the judges
by honorable salaries as we should be if those
words had been put into the treaty, for neither
-party would think of'requiring of the other to
do so obviously necessary a thing.
. Mr. SAUIjSBURY. Mr. President, I do
not know but that it is unfortunate that the
higher officers under this and every other Gov-
ernment have any salaiy attached to them at
all. 1 am afraid that we are too much in the
habit of aspiring to exalted positions, espe-
cially in republican Governments, from a con-
sideration of the salary attached to those posi-
tions. I do not know but that the distinguished
honor of being a judge under the authority of
the United States is sufficient compensation
for any man -who is able to discharge with fidel-
ity the duties of the position; and I am not
sure but that if there was no salary attached
to the office of Senator or Representative in
Congress it would not be better for tho inter-
ests of the country. I therefore beg leave to
suggest to my honorable friend from Rhode
Island that, the man who has shown himself fit
to be a judge under the authority of the United
States in retirement from the active duties of
his profession might reap sufheient reward for
the labors of a long life in being allowed to fill
that position. It would be a bright and glori-
ous example if such a provision was adopted
to hold up to the youth of this country to let
them know that they were selected to fill the
highest positions under the Government from a
consideration of their ability to discharge the
duties and the high character which would
command position. I am not prepared to say
that if such a proposition to amend tho Consti-
tution of the United States, however abhorrent,
every amendment to the Constitution is to me,
I would not vote for a proposition to detach
from all officers of the higher grades under the
Government a salary.
The yeas and najs, being taken, resulted—
yeas 17, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Colo, Conlt-
ling, Gonncs?, Davis, Hendricks, McCreery, X'atter-
conof New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Ross,
Sauisbury, Sherman, Trumbull,Viekers,Warner, and
Willey—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Corbett,Oragin,
Dixon, Edmund?, Eqesenden. Fowier, Frclinghuysen,
Harlan; Harris, Henderson, Howe, Kellogg,McDon-
ald, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pomc-
roy, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Stewart, Sum-
ner, Thayer, Van Winkle, Whyte, Williams, and
Wilson—SI.
- ABSENT—Messrs,Bayard, Cattell, Chandler,Doo-
littlo, Drake, Ferry, Grimes, Hoyrard, Morgan, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Norton, Sawyer, Spencer, Sprague,
Tipton, Wade, Welch, and Yates—18.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is,on the amendment as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 now renew my motion
to strike out this provision.
Mr. KEELIN-OHUYSEN. -I move,that the
Senate .do.now adjour^i. /.
The motion, was agreed tq j and the Senate
adjourned. .
house, #- Representatives. •
Twbsdax, Febmwry 2, 1869. •• " '■
The Spoee met at twelve o'clock m. , Prayer
by the Chaplain,'Rev.'C.-B.BoYSTOif.- '■
The Journal of. yesterday was read and
approved. < , - : • .,
EMILtfi. BimyB£L'4ND SAHA'H IIACKLBMAtf.
Mr. PERHAlt, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, authorized to report at any
time on this bill, reported back, with the rec-
ommendatibn that it do pitssj House bill No.
1741, granting an increase of pension to Emily
B. Bidwell, widow 6f firigadier-G-eneral Daniel
D. Bidwell, and Sarah Haekleman, widow of
General'Pleasant A. Haekleman., The bill
grants an increase of pension to each of the ap-
plicants to fifty dollars per months the pension
of Mrs. Bidwell to commence from Oetotief 19,
186-1, when General Bidwell fell.^t the bat$e
of Cedar creek; and the pension of Mrs. Haek-
leman to commence on the 3d day of October,
1802, when General Haekleman fell at the bat-
tle of Corinth; both pensions to be subject to
the provisions of the general pension, law, and
to continue during widowhood.; the su-m here-
tofore received by the pensioners to be,deducted
from the.pension hereby granted, and the acts
granting the former pensions to be repealed.
Mr. PER.HAM.. Unless ;some gentleman
desires to say something I ask .that the bill be
put on its passage. '
Mr. H'OLMAN.' i presume'the bill is well
understood, I do not desire myself to-make
any remarks.
Mr. PERHAM. "I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and tho
maul question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereol the bill wasordered to be engrossed
arid read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the hill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reeonsider.be laid on tho
table. • . :
The latter motion was agreed to. ,
RAILROAD UOJSJU8.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 480) direct-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury in all cases
where the United States has aided in construct-
ing railroads, to withhold bonds sufficient to
secure the completion of said roads as -a first-
class railroad-in.accordance with the report of
the special commissioner appointed for 'the
purpose of examining said road; which was
read a first and second time, and'referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. SHANKS moved to reconsider the vole
by which the joint resolution wasieferred ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table. -
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY TAIAI/S.
Mr. PAINE, from the Committee on Recon-
struction, reported the, following resolution,
and demanded the previous question thereon :
Resolved, That thp Secretary of War be directed to
inform this House whether any district commander
hSs turned over for trial Sr punishment to tho civil
authorities of any reconstructed' State any person
who has been tried, convicted, and sentenced for
offenses by military tribunals while such was under
military government, and who were undergoing pun-
ishment pursuant to sentence go i endered; and if any
such cases have occurred to inform this House of tho
facts iu each case. '
The.previons question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was it-need to.
