791
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
mtricultiks wii'u paraguay.
Mr. ROBERTSON, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was
read, considered, aud agreed to;
Jlesolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to communicate to this House the corre-
spondence of Hear Admiral Charles H. Davis, com-
manding the South Atlantic squadron, concerning
the difficulties with Paraguay, with accompanying
papers; together with any information from the files
of the Navy Department relative thereto.
Mr, ELIOT, of Massachusetts; moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was adopted; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
works ojp art in tub capitol.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, by unani-
mous consent, offered the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Jtesolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to furnish this House a
statement of the various amounts paid for works of
art to decorate the Capitol, such as statues, paint-
ings in oil, fresooes, including tie picture on the
Dome, and bronzes, since the 1st day of January, 1855,
up to the present time: also the names of the differ-
ent artists, whether they were foreign or native, the
sum received by each for their work, and by what
authority they were employed.
TENNESSEE ODD FELLOWS.
Mr. HAWKINS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1854) for the relief of Lodge No. 22 of
Independent Order of Odd Fellows of Gibson
county, Tennessee ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
change of reference.
On motion of Mr. ORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, the Committee on Private Land Claims
was discharged from the further consideration
of the petition of White & Bauer for relief;
and the same was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
1>ay i'ok a horse.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, by
unanimous consent, introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1855) to pay Widow Sackett for a horse lost
by her husband in the late war; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the votes
by which bills, &c., were referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
printing of a bill.
Mr. SPALDING. I demand the regular
order of business.
Mr. PAINE. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will withdraw that demand long enough
to give the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means an opportunity to ask to have the
tax bill printed for use at the evening sessions.
Mr. SPALDING. Certainly; I have no
objection to that.
Mr. SOHENCK. I propose, then, the follow-
ing resolution, to be referred to the Committee
on Printing;
Itemlved, That five hundred copies of Hous'e bill
No. 1060. " to reduce into one act and to amend the
laws relating to internal taxes," be printed for the
use of the Uouso ana of the Committee of Ways and
Means, with the amend ments thereto thu3 far adopted
in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remark
that as this resolution proposes to print less
than the regular number the printing can be
ordered by the House without reference to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well, sir; I ask the
adoption of the resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
enrolled joint resolution signed.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 219) for the relief of
George W. Lane, superintendent of the branch
mmtat Denver, Colorado, and Assistant Treas-
urer of the United States; when the Speaker
signed the same.
evening session for pension bills.
Mr. MILLER. The Committee on Invalid
Pensions this morning had under consideration
the question as to what time we could have our
reports ready, and they have instructed me to
ask the adoption of the following resolution :
Resolved, That there be a meeting of this House
on Tuesday evening next, for the consideration of
reports from the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. CULLOM. Is not that the same even-
ing fixed for the consideration of the tax bill ?
The SPEAKER. No ; that is for this even-
ing. This resolution proposes to set aside
Tuesday evening of next week.
' Mr. SCHENCK. I call attention to the fact
that the order of the House was that we were
to meet this evening and proceed from day to
day with the tax bill.
Mr. MILLER. Unless otherwise ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Ohio that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, in .asking this order from
the House, must take the risk of the anterior
order occupying that evening. If the internal
tax bill should be disposed of this order would
operate. If not disposed of, the tax bill, being
the anterior order, would have priority.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I have no objection
to the resolution.
Mr. BURR. Let me suggest to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania that he change the time
from Tuesday till Thursday evening. That
will give us a better chance and a little more
time.
Mr. MILLER. I have no objection to that
change.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before the question is put
on this resolution I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Miller] that
if the Committee on Invalid Pensions are ready
to go on with their rpports to-night there might
be a reasonable compromise made. The House
has just ordered the printing of some extra
copies of the tax bill for the use of members.
The copies heretofore printed have been ex-
hausted. It might be well to waive the con-
sideration of the tax bill to-night if the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions are ready with their
reports.
Mr. MILLER. We might be prepared to
make some reports to-night, but we would not be
generally ready to report on the cases before us.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] that
the preparation of the tax bill, with the amend-
ments so far as agreed to in Committee of the
Whole, will probably consume the time of two
clerks for the entire day, and it will take some
time at the Printing Office. There would be
some doubt about the bill being ready for
delivery here to-morrow by twelve o'clock.
Mr. SCHENCK. The only difficulty would
be that if we have a session to-night there will
be probably but fifteen or twenty copies here.
But I think there will be no difficulty in going
on for a few sections.
Mr. CHANLER. Does this resolution con-
template the considering of the pending pen-
sion bill at the evening session named?
The SPEAKER. It does not refer to this
bill, but to individual cases now before the
committee.
The question recurred upon the resolution
setting apart the Thursday evening session of
next week for the consideration of reports of
a private nature from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions; and being taken, it was agreed to.
message from the president.
Several messages in writing from the Presi-
dent of the United States were communicated
to the House by Colonel William G. Moore,
his Private Secretary, who further informed
the House that the President had approved and
signed bills of the following titles:
_A bill (H. II. No. 394) confirming title in
Little Rock Island in the Mississippi river ;
A bill (H. R. No. 833) for the relief of
Rnfus M. Hollister, of Jaynesville, Wisconsin ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1158) for the relief of
Commander John L. Davis:
A bill (Hi R. No. 1564) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other pen-
sions of the United States for the year ending
June 30,1870;
A bill (H. R. No. 1590) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending June 30,1870; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1751) in relation to the
appointment of midshipmen from the lately
reconstructed States.
pension laws.
The SPEAKER". The House resumes the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1682)
relating to the operations of the pension laws,
and for other purposes, reported from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions. The pending
question is on the motion of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack,] to recommit the
bill to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. NIBLACK. I understand that there is
a disposition to vote on the amendments sep-
arately, and inasmuch as the motion I sub-
m itted, that the committee have leave to report
at any time, has failed, I withdraw the motion
to recommit.
The question recurred on the motion to strike
out the second and third sections.
Mr. PERHAM. I ask unanimous consent
of the House that such amendments as mem-
bers may desire to offer to this bill may now
be received, to be voted upon in their order
after the previous question has been ordered.
No objection was made.
Mr. BENJAMIN. By instruction of the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, I move the
amendment which I send to the Clerk's desk
to he read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the bill the following:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That scction six
ofan act relating to pensions, approved July 27, 1868,
be, and is hereby, repealed, and the following shall
stand in lieu thereof: "That all pensions which
have been granted in consequence of death occurring
or disease contracted or wounds received, since the
4th dayof March, 1861, or may hereafter be grunted,
shall commence from the discharge orfromthedcath
of the person on whose account the pension has been
or shall hereafter be granted: Provided, Thatthcap-
plication for such pension has been or shall hereafter
be filed with the Commissioner of Pensions within
seven years after the right thereto shall have accrued,
except that such application by orin behalf of insane
persons and children under sixteen years of age may
be filed after the expiration of the said seven years,
if previously thereto they were without guardians or
other proper legal representatives."
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to say one word
in regard to this amendment. The present law
restricts or limits the time to five years; if the
application is made after five years have elapsed
the pension takes effect only from the date of
the application. There are a great many cases
in which the five years have expired; and in
order to cover as many of them as we can—
and we think this will cover all or nearly all—
the committee have authorized me to report
this section, instead of the provision now upon
the statute-book extending the time from five
to seven years.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will not that cut off a
great many cases beginning on the 4th of
March, 1861. the seven years ending on the
4th of March, 1868?
Mr. BENJAMIN. We have a large number
of applications in the committee-room for spe-
cial acts to apply to cases of this kind. I be-
lieve that of them all there is not one that would
not be covered by this provision. We think
the time proposed to be allowed will be suffi-
cient to cover all or nearly all the cases now
pending.
Mr. SCHENCK. It would be better to give
notice to all persons, and give them time to
make their applications.
Mr. BENJAMIN. In the first place we gave
them notice of three years. The law remained
upon the statute-book for twelve months, and
we extended the time to five years. That has
been upon the statute-book for twelve months,
and we now propose to extend it to seven years.
Mr. GARFIELD. The seven years named
in the proposed amendment will not expire
until about the middle of next March ; so that
