1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
795
there will be from the passage of this bill until
the middle of next March as a notice to all
persons who have not filed their claims to file
them. Is not that the fact?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Should this become the
law to-day it would apply to all cases that
have occurred since the 2d of February, 1862.
All the cases that occurred between March
4,1861, to the 2d of February, 1862) would not
be included in the bill. There are but few
such cases—none that have come to the knowl-
edge of the committee, and there are none
pending in the Pension Office.
Mr. GARFIELD. I see that I was mistaken;
but I should be glad to have eight years in-
serted instead of seven. Probably the exten-
sion of the time for one year will include btit
very few persons—none except such as died or
were entitled to a pension from March, 1861,
to March, 1862—necessarily a very small num-
ber. By making the time eight years instead
of seven, we give all parties notice to file their
claims before the middle of next March. I
trust the gentleman will accept this suggestion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman proba-
bly does not comprehend another difficulty
that would grow out of the modification he
suggests. Some of these claims for pensions
accrued in 1865. The effect of the amend-
ment in all such cases would be to allow these
parties till 1873 to go about the country and
gather up evidence to support their claims.
The committee as well as the Pension Office
find a great deal of difficulty in passing upon
these claims where they rest upon parol evi-
dence, and especially in cases of colored
troops. I will state to the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] that I am informed that
there have been filed by one claim agent, within
the last few weeks, five hundred claims for
pensions for the widows of colored troops;
and thirteen persons make the affidavits in all
those five hundred cases, the claims being evi-
dently fraudulent. The effect of this amend-
ment would be to protract too long the time
during which parties may go to work and
trump up claims of this kind.
Mr. GARFIELD. I perfectly appreciate
the point the gentleman makes; but 
Mr. BENJAMIN. One word further. In
the experience of the committee and in the
experience of the Pension Bureau not a solitary
case has been passed upon that would not be
covered by the amendment as it now stands.
I presume there are no cases that would not
be covered. We think the time we propose is
ample, and all that Congress should grant.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, it seems
to me 
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen who have
amendments to offer will, by the order of the
House, be first recognized.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move an amendment to
insert "eight" instead of "seven " before the
word "years." This amendment will simply
cover those persons who between 1861 and 1862
became entitled to pensions, and nobody else.
I trust it will prevail.
Mr. MULLINS. I trust it will not prevail.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to amend
by adding the following as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That pension agents may,
under such regulations as the Secretary of theTreas-
ury may proscribe, issue duplicatechecksto pension
ers in lieu of such original checks as may bo lost or
destroyed, by transmission in themails andm other
cases, before the same shall have been received by
the pensioner or his or her agent or attorney.
Mr. ARNELL. Imovetoamendbystriking
out in section ten the following words:
And no claim shall he settled "upon any applica-
tion now pending in any bureau, filed by attorneys ;
but the attorneys filing them shall be required to
present new applications and submit them to the
Commissioner of the Freedra on's Bureau tobe exam-
ined and disposed of by him the same as original
applications, under such rules and regulations as he
may prescribe.
My reason for offering this amendment is
that some twenty-five thousand cases, to which
the Department has no objection, will have to
be reexamined if this provision should become
a law.
I move further to amend by adding the fol-
lowing as a new section
And be it farther enacted. That in the payment of
bounties or pensiqns to colored soldiers or their
heirs no distinction on account of former condition
of servitude shall bo made, but said colored soldiers
or their heirs shall receive, the same bounties alloyed
to other soldiers of the United States for services in
the late rebellion; and ail acts ami parts of acts in-
consistent with the same are hereby repealed.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend by add-
ing the following as a new section:
And be itfurther enacted. That an act entitled "An
act to provide for the payment of pensions," ap-
proved February 5,1867, is hereby amended by strik-
ing out after the word " years," where it first occurs
in said act, the words "and until their successors
shall have been appointed and qualified," and in-
serting in lieu thereof the words "unless sooner
removed."
Mr. RAUM. I move to amend by striking
out section two, as follows:
That upon the presentation of satisfactory evi-
dence to the Commissioner of Pensions that' any
female pensioner is living a life of prostitution, or
iscohabitingwith, or living with, or being supported
by any man as his wife or mistress, to whom she is
not lawfully married, he shall immediately notify
such pensioner or her agent of the charge or charges
preferred against her# by furnishing her or her agent
a copy of the charge or charges and the evidence
upon which the same is founded; and unless such
pensioner shall within —— months thereafter pro-
duce satisfactory rebutting evidence her name shall
be dropped from the pension-roll.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following :
That no female pensioner shall hereafter forfeit
her pension by marriage.
I think this amendment will obviate all the
difficulties of which the chairman of the com-
mittee complains in respect to the present
operation of the law. I have always regarded
the law as it now exists as contrary to public
policy in discouraging marriages.
Mr. MYERS. I desire to offer the follow-
ing amendment, to come in at the end of the
bill:
Provided, That in every ease of application for a
pension, the death of an enlisted man in the service
shall be considered as caused by the service m the
absence of proof that such death was oaused by the
act of the party.
I only desire to say a few words in regard to
the proviso I have offered. The necessity for
some such amendment is shown by the hard-
ships occurring every week within the knowl-
edge of every member of the House. At pres-
ent not only is the burden of proof thrown
upon the applicants, but every presumption i?
made against them. Let me illustrate. A boy
of eighteen goes to the recruiting office. The
United States surgeon, pronounces him sound
and free from disease. He enters the service,
and perhaps continues in it a yea*. Under
orders he camps out on the damp ground, re-
turning with the seeds of consumption, and
dies. Under the present construction of the
law—I scarcely think it is under ,the letter of
the law—the mother is required to show that
her boy from childhood never had any indica-
tions of pulmonary disease. Again, a strong
man enters the scrvice. A United States sur-
geon pronounces him soundand healthy. He
receives a sun stroke while in the Army, and
after lingering a time dies. In order to get a
pension his widow is compelled to show that
the death was caused by the service.
Now, sir, I contend that the United States
cannot take advantage of its own wrong; that
when a surgeon pronounces a man fit to be
enlisted the presumption shall not be made
against such enlisted man, but the Government
must stand estopped by the act of its own offi-
cer. This is a well-established principle, and
is but simple justice. I am not in favor of the
false economy which would save a few thou-
sand to the Treasury at the expense of the
families of those who died in the service of
theircountry. I carefully exclude any chance
of wrong to the Government by the language
of this proviso. It excepts those cases where
the death was caused by the act of the party.
If a man commits suicide, for instance,, this
proviso does not permit the heirs to claim a
pension. If the death occurs through intem-
perance or disease clearly proved to have been
brought about by the act of the party the heirs
cannot claim a pension. But when a man dies
in the service, or I am willing to add, when
he is disabled in the service, in the absence of
any proof to the contrary it should be' assumed
that such death or disability was caused by the
service, and a pension should be awarded.
Mr. STOVER. I desire to offer the follow-
ing amendment:
Strike out all after the exacting clause of section
two and substitute the following:
That hereafter no pension shall bo withheld from
any female pensioner on account of her marriage
subsequent to her receiving any pension from the
Government of the United states.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope the chairman of
the committee will accept that.
The SPEAKER. He cannot.
Mr.COVODE. I wish to offer as an amend-
ment the following additional section, which
will cover the ground of the amendment of
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Raum] and
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ingersoll:]
And be it further enacted. That all laws and parts
of laws by which the pension of a soldier's widow is
withheld in case of marriage of said widow be, and
the same are hereby, repealed.
The reason I offer this is that it repeals the
existing law, and thereby covers the ground
better than either of the other amendments
designed to accomplish the same object.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by striking
out all after the enacting clause of the second
section and inserting instead thereof the fol-
lowing :
That upon the presentation to the Commissioner of
Pensions of conclusive evidence that any( pensioner
shall have been, after the passage of this act, con-
victed of adultery, fornication, or other crime, said
Commissioner shall cause the name of such pensioner
to be stricken from the pension-roll.
Mr. PERHAM. As it now appears that
members of the House have presented nearly
all the amendments they wish to offer, I sug-
gest that by unanimous consent the bill be
recommitted to the committee, with authority
to report at any time.
Mr. STEVENS. I object to authority to
report at any time.
Mr. PERHAM. The gentleman from Ohio
desires to offer an amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to offer the follow-
ing amendment:
Strike out in section five the words "prosecuted
to a successful issue," and insert in lieu thereof the
words " the proof to sustain the same be completed.
As the bill now stands there is a provision in
it that no pension claim shall be allowed unless
"prosecuted to a successful issue" within five
years. I propose to amend it by the amend-
ment I have sent up so as to provide that it
shall be " unless the proofs to sustain the same
be completed within five years." It is the fault
of the party if he does not complete his proofs,
but it is no fault of his if they do not decide
the case.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state
that the fifth section has already been stricken
out by the House, and an amendment offered
by the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paisb]
was incorporated in its stead. flhe Clerk will
read the fifth section as it now stands.
The Clerk read as follows:
That no proofs in anypension claitnhereafterfiled
shall be presented after the expiration of five years
from the date of the filing of such claim.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. PERHAM. I wish to modify my prop-
osition. Instead of the committee being al-
lowed to report at any time, I ask unanimous
consent that they be allowed to report during
some morning hour to be named say one
week from now.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object to taking up
the morning hour. We might as well dispose
of the bill now as at any future time.
Mr. PERHAM!. I yield now to my colleague
on the committee from Missouri.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is very evident that
the House cannot pass intelligently upon the
bill and amendments. I move that the bill
and the pending amendments be recommitted
to ihe Committee on Invalid Pensions and
printed.
