1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
inserting after the pending'paragraph the fol-
lowing:
To enable the Commissioner to continue and com-
plete the investigation of cattle diseases, £15,000,
wbich he is authorized to draw as soon as this act
becomes a law.
Mr. Chairman, I am instructed by a unani-
mous vote of the Committee on Agriculture to
ask for this appropriation. One of the diseases
especially in the view of the committee in
asking the continuance of this investigation is
the pleuro-pneumonia, which prevailed so ex-
tensively in Massachusetts three years ago, and
which, as I am informed by one of the mem-
bers from that State, cost the State $60,000
to get rid of it. The disease prevails to-day in
four or five of the States intervening between
Massachusetts and here, and is daily extend-
ing, so that it threatens to spread itself over
the whole country. Within the last two or
three weeks I have myself seen evidence of
the prevalence of this disease all around us.
There is scarcely a dairy in the vicinity of this
city where it is not found. It is constantly
spreading. Yet the disease is entirely curable
and preventable. All that is necessary is that
it be properly investigated and that the com-
munity be sufficiently informed as to the method
of treatment. The Commissioner proposes that
a thorough investigation shall be made.
In the next place it is contemplated to in-
vestigate the Texas cattle-fever, which prevailed
so extensively in the western States last sum-
mer and fall, causing a loss during the season
of over three million dollars in the actual deaths
of cattle. This disease prevailed to such an
extent as to create almost a panic in the public
mind. The Board of Health of Chicago, the
Board of Health of New York, the State au-
thorities of Illinois and Obio all took action
directing public attention to this subject. I
have some statistics with regard to the losses
by this disease, which I might submit to the
committee. There is no doubt that unless the
disease be investigated and the necessary steps
taken for its prevention it will be upon us
again during the coming summer. The Com-
missioner ordered some time ago an investi-
gation, which has progressed to some extent
so far as to satisfy him and those engaged with
him that the investigation mustbe made further
south ; that it must be made in the region
where the disease originated. He is now able
to avail himself of the services of a very scien-
tific and thoroughly educated veterinarian,
whom he desires to send to Texas where the
disease prevails. The investigation has gone
so far as to satisfy this investigator that the dis-
ease prevails in Texas and comes from there.
The Commissioner of Agriculture desires to
avail himself of this investigation immediately
before the Texas cattle are moved to the North.
I think I shall have the support of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BCJTLER, ofMassachusetts. I thought
my friend's argument was more potent than it
is. I agree that Massachusetts paid $60,000,
but we came to one conclusion—that when we
stopped the commission the disease stopped.
[Laughter.] That was the general conclusion
so far as I understand it. I appeal to my col-
league, in whose county it started, whether I am
not right? If we investigated it as a State let
every other State investigate it. Why should
we put it upon the Government ? Why should
we get up a commission to bring together the
statistics from the different State agricultural
societies to put them in a report next year on
the subject? We have an Agricultural Depart-
ment, and they have full power to investigate
this matter.
The Committee on Appropriations heard an
argument on this subject. My friend said all
that could be said on the subject, and he thought
he had convinced us, but unfortunately he did
not convince us.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes thirty-three, noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I renew the amend-
ment, reducing the amount as follows:
After line nine hundred and ninety-eight insert the
following :
To enable the Commissioner to continue and com-
plete the investigation of oattle diseases, $10,000;
which he is authorized to draw as soon as this act
becomes a law.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I make the point of order
that this is not germane to the paragraph to
which it is moved.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. It is all under the head of the
Department of Agriculture.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Mr. Chairman, not
desiring to antagonize the Committee on Agri-
culture in this matter with the Committee on
Appropriations I appeared before the Com-
mittee on Appropriations and presented this
subject to them. There were nine members
present who requested me to bring this up in
the House. They assented to it. I desire to
say to this Committee of the Whole that the
investigation of the Committee on Agriculture
on this subject satisfies us that there is a gen-
eral loss of stock of the country by curable dis-
eases of over fifty million dollars, and that by
taking proper action on the subject will enable
us to save at least twenty-five per cent, of that
loss. Not to resort to the means within our
reach to secure this great saving upon the
actual total loss in the stock of the country,
because it will cost something in pursuing a
penny-wise and pound-foolish policy. I am
directed by unanimous vote of the Committee
on Agriculture to submit this amendment, and
it seems to me that it should need no more
than the presentation of facts to secure for it
the vote of the House.
Mr. HOPKINS. Does not the gentleman
from Michigan know that the agricultural so-
cieties of the West have investigated this
subject; and does he not know there are as
able men attached to those societies as there
are in the Agricultural Department in Wash-
ington?
Mr._ TROWBRIDGE. No. sir; I do not
know it. The President of the English veter-
inary society is in the United States, and his
services can now be engaged. There is no
regular veterinary surgeon in the United States.
The Department of Agriculture can avail itself
of the services of this one, and I think it should
be allowed to do so.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is a
proposition to pay some veterinary surgeon to
make this investigation to be published in the
agricultural report next year.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I make no such prop-
osition. This money is needed so that this
investigation shall take place in Texas before
the cattle are moved to the North. Unless it
is done I am sure that as soon as the grass
grows and the spring opens this disease will
advance with the Texas cattle to the North-
west.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not rise the purpose
of discussing this proposition any further than
to say, as one of the Committee on Agricul-
ture, that I dissent from iiintoio. The chair-
main states that he has been authorized by
the committee to offer it. I have never heard
of it before to-night.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. If the gentleman will
al'ow me, it was the action of the committee
one day when he retired and said to us what-
ever we decided upon he would assent to.
Therefore I gave his assent to the decision of
a large majority of the committee present.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am entirely satisfied with
the explanation of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Agriculture. I did not intend to
impugn his action at all in the matter; I know
he intended to do right. But I will say in ad-
dition to what I have said that I not only dissent
in tolo from this provision, but I do not think
this Congress ought to set itself up in the busi-
ness of cow doctoring. One or two sessions
ago it set itself up in the business of horse
doctoring, and paid some gentleman whose
uamel do not remember $25,000ayear to look
after the hoofs ofhorses in the military service.
That gentleman is riding over the country feed-
ing on the fat of the lana, or travelingin Europe
upon the salary that we pay him for doetoring
horses' feet. Now, it isproposeckogive $15,000
to some fellow to look after diseases of cattle.
Mr. Chairman, there is not an old farmer in
California or in the country anywhere who does
not consider himself competent, to attend to
the doctoring of his own cattle. That is some-
thing every farmer professes to understand, and
I think Congress had better let that question
alone, particularly when the Treasury is in the
condition it,is at present.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I hope we will take' a
vote on the amendment. 1 think all has been
said that is necessary.
' The amendment of Mr. Trowbridge was dis-
agreed to—ayes thirty-three, noes not counted.
The Clerk read as follows:
For labor and repairs in the experimental garden
and purchase of plants for the same, $10,000.
Mr. STOVER. I move to strike out
"$10,000'' and insert :'$5,000." I think, in
the present impaired condition of the finances,
we should not needlessly expend any money.
As far as my experience goes, all these plants
that we have procured and cultivated at enor-
mous expense in our experimental garden are
nothing more than what grows wild all over
our western prairies. If we are in favor of
economy I think we ought to commence some-
where. We have been talking about it but
have not been making a commencement.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Wehave
expended a large sum in this experimental
garden. I suppose it is the intention of Con-
gress to keep it up. The committee so under-
stood it, and have reported this item as the
smallest possible expenditure.
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes
seventeen, noes not counted.
The Clerk read as follows :
For purchase of new and valuable seeds and labor
in putting them up, $20,000.
Mr. N1BLACK. I move to increase the
amount to $40,000. I am willing to concede
that a good deal of money has been wasted
in the purchase of seeds for the Agricultural
Department. But, sir, I am as well satisfied
that a very considerable amount of money can
be used to the very great satisfaction of the coun-
try and with eminent satisfaction to the farmers
of the country in the purchase and distribu-
tion of valuable seeds. It is a well demon-
strated fact, and every intelligent farmer un-
derstands it, that a constant interchange of
seeds is necessary in every portion of the coun-
try for all kinds of planting, at least for all
kinds that I am at all familiar with. Now,
this interchange can better be initiated at all
events here at Washington in a separate De-
partment, like that we now have, than it can
be by separate action of State or local agri-
cultural societies. We have expended a large
amount of money in the erection of a build-
ing for this Agricultural Department. It is a
very creditable building and does honor to the
Government and to those who have charge of
its erection.
Mr. SCOFIELD. What has that to do with
garden seeds?
Mr. NIBLACK. It is a building of very
considerable size, in which a large amount of
business can be transacted. If, then, we intend
to keep up this building and make it of any
service to the people of the country we must
have it occupied in some way in connection
with the purpose for which it was erected. If it
be the intention of Congress to so cut down and
cripple the operations of this departtment by
cutting down the appropriations then we had
better sell out this building and get rid of it;
it is no use to keep so large an edifice for pur-
poses so insignificant as the appropriation in
this bill indicates. There is no branch of the
public service in which the great mass of the
people in the agricultural and rural districts
take so much interest as this Agricultural
