1648
THE OOJNTGKESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
February 24,
Department. They look upon it with peculiar
pride and pleasure. They read everything with
absorbing interest that comes from it. They
receive every paper of seeds that is transmitted
to thorn, either by members of Congress or by
anybody else connected with the Government
here, with the greatest interest, and cultivate
them with the most sedulous care.
I can say, I think, with truth, that within the
last month half the letters which I have re-
ceived—and the number is not very inconsid-
erable I assure you—have been either in regard
to the agricultural report, asking for copies of
it or in regard to seeds and plants and other
matters connected with the Agricultural De-
partment. It was the intention of Congress
some years ago when they authorized this
building to make the building an ornament to
the Government. It was their intention to
make the Department one of usefulness and
service to the people. If we really intend to
do that we must appropriate some money for
the purpose. If we do not intend to do that,
then we may just as well sell the building and
allow this Department to occupy some insig-
nificant corner in some other building, as it
used to do.in the Patent Office building.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MULLINS. I move to amend 1he amend-
ment so as to make the amount §41,000. I
offer this amendment to give a few ideas in
regard to the material question under consider-
ation. The provision m the bill is as follows :
For purchase of new and valuable seeds and labor
in putting them up, $20,000.
Now, Mr. Chairman and gentlemen of the
committee, in my judgment we are upon one
of the most important clauses in this bill. I
ask the question of every member of this
House, what is it that constitutes you a na-
tion? What is it that makes you wealthy?
To what must you look for the extinguishment
of your national debt? I ask you if it is not
the agricultural interests of your country? If
your wealth lies in mines and mechanics, who
is to feed your miners and mechanics? There
is a terrible splutter made here every now and
then about equalizing labor and doing justice
to the ladies. If any man here feels more dis-
posed to do that than I am he is entirely theirs
and none of his own. [Laughter.] But tell
me what will give your ladies more satisfaction
than to find the harvest fields clothed in glo-
rious luxury with the richest of harvests? What
is it that makes your ladies and children look
fine? It is that there are rich crops. You
cannot have that without good seed. When
you have that, then, my dear sir, when you go
home your lady welcomes you to the warm
fireside, and when you go to the supper table
you find there the products of your labor. By
expending, a few thousand dollars you realize
that, and it is a realizalion worth talking about.
But without it you find only a little hoe cake
there about a quarter of an inch thick, [laugh-
ter,] and the children crying. And the next
thing is:the children have to be bound out- to
some trade, a saddler's or tailor's, for any
trade is better than starving to death.
I trust, sir, that we shall increase this appro-
priation for the purchase and putting up of
seeds to be distributed among our constituents,
male and female. If there is any one solitary
point in this bill that deserves more attention
than any other, and which your constituents will
give yoo more credit for than for any other
aet, it is this appropriation to send seeds all
Over our land, not little footy, dried-np, chaffy
seed, but good, sound, plump, full seed, ears
of corn as big as wagon hubs, and grain as big
.icon wedges. And you wilL have none of
these-.little crops that you had last year; you
will net. then have the "wife fighting the hus-
band, ahd; Barney belaboring> the hooked cow
that re so ugly because there is not enough for
her ta eat, . [Laughter. ] Give us this seed ;
give us the money to buy it. Other countries
will know shat you are for; they will look and
see your harvests: and go and do likewise.
^ oa cannot Expect, gentlemen, and it is
nonsense to ■calculate that you can plant the
same seed on the same ground for fifteen or
twenty years without its becoming deteriorated.
You must change the seed; and how are you to
do that without you foster the Agricultural De-
partment? If you do that the whole United
States will benefit by it. You should not
expect more of the Agricultural Department
than can honestly be asked of you. You
cannot buy seeds without you have the means.
When you have the meaus you can then buy
seeds and distribute them to your constituents,
who will rejoice and say that you have done
right.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MILLER. This Agricultural Depart-
ment is the most popular throughout the
country of any Department connected with our
Government, and it should be fostered by
Congress. The proposition of the Committee
on Appropriations is to give $20,000 for the
purpose of purchasing new and valuable seeds,
putting tbem up, and distributing them over
the country. It must be remembered that at
this time these seeds must be distributed not
only throughout the loyal ■ States but also
throughout the entire United States, and all
that is provided by this bill for the purpose of
purchasing and distributing over all the country
new and valuable seeds is $20,000. Now, 1 ask
gentlemen here if that is sufficient? If you
want to foster the agricultural interests of
this country, is $20,000 sufficient for the pur-
pose of purchasing seeds? I know it has been
said, and truly said by gentlemen, that a por-
tion of the seeds heretofore purchased and
distributed by that Department were of little
value; that they comprised kinds that the peo-
ple already had in plenty. But the proposition
now is to purchase new and valuable seeds,
not the kinds heretofore complaiued of. One
gentleman asks, when are you going to get
these seeds ? I say we ought to get them im-
mediately and distribute them.
Now, the question is what sum is necessary
for this purpose? The Committee on Appro-
priations propose to give only $20,000 for
purchasing, putting up, and distributing new
and valuable seeds throughout tbe agricultural
districts of the United States. Now. I appeal
to every member here to say if that is enough,
if that is sufficient? A demand is now made
from every section of the country upon the Com-
missioner of Agriculture for valuable seeds,
and what is his response ? " We have none ;
Congress has not furnished us with the means
of purchasing seeds, and we cannot do so ; we
can only give a very small portion of seeds to
each member of Congress for distribution."
I propose, therefore, that you give a sufficient
appropriation to sustain that Department, the
most important of our Government. I am,
therefore, in favor of raising the amount pro-
posed here.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
ask that debate may be considered as closed
on this paragraph.
No objection was made.
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn; and the amendment of Mr. Niblack,
increasing the amount to $40,000, was not
agreed to.
Mr. SHANKS. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the clause last read what I send to
the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. —. Andbeit further enacted, That after the pas-
sage of this act it shall be the duty ot the Secretaries
of State, War, Navy, Treasury, and Interior, the
Postmaster and Attorney Generals, Commissioner of
Agriculture, Superintendent of Public Buildings and
Grounds, and the officers of the House and Senate,
to severally cause to be made alphabetical listsof all
the employes in their respective Departments or
forces, and to correct the same as changes shall be
madc,and to keep said lists in their several offices,
respectively, subject to inspection.
Seg. —. And be it further enacted, That said lists
shall contain the name, rank, and pay of the employes
of the respective Departments or forces, date of em-
jtfoyqient, and residence, giving town, county. State,
or Territory, designating those who have served in
the Army or Navy of the United States.
Sec. a-. And be it further enacted, That the several
congressional districts, organized Territories, andth©
District of Columbia shall be entitled to equal num-
bers and ranks of employes in the said several De-
partments and forces. No district or Territory shall
have more than one -jS<vnv rank until every district
and Territory, as herein provided for, shall have at
least one of the same rank; aad all appointmentsin
said Departments and forces hereafter shall be to
equalize the number and rank of employes, as above
provided for; said equalization of numbers and rank
ot employes from the several districts and Territo-
ries: aforesaid shall be made by the 4th doy of March,
1871: Provided, Thatnothinghereincontainedshali
be construed to regulate the employment and service
of day laborers and boys under the age of sixteen
years.
Mr. KBLSEY. I make the point of order
that that amendment is not in order on this
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. MILLER. I move to amend by strik-
ing out "twenty'' and inserting "thirty," so
as to make this appropriation for seeds $30,000.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PETERS. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the pending paragraph the following
as a new section :
And be it further enactcd. That this act shall not be
so construed as to reduce thecompensation ofany em-
ployes of theGovernment below the amount allowed
in the last appropriation bill.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I make the point of order
that this amendment proposes new legislation,
and is not in order on this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The amendment is clearly a
limitation on the construction of the bill. It
does not affect other legislation.
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I confess to
the House that this amendment is aimed at
the proviso 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must state
to the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peters]
that the amendment is not debatable.
Mr. PE TERS. Why not ?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
paragraph, including amendments to the para-
graph, has been closed. This amendment,
although offered as a new section, is consid-
ered as an amendment to the pending para-
graph.
Theamendment was agreed to ; there being—
ayes eighty-five, noes not counted.
The Clerk read as follows :
Branch mint at San Francisco, California:
For salaries of supeiintendent, treasurer, assayist,
melter and refiner, coiner, and six cleiks, $30,500.
For wages ot workmen and adjusters, $150,000.
Mr. AXTELL. I move to amend ihe para-
graph last read by striki ng out " $150,000 "and
insertinginlieuthereof " $191,450." Idesireto
state to the committee that the sum which my
amendment proposes to appropriate for these
workmen and adjusters was allowed last year,
and, as I understand, was found to be necessary.
The sum which the bill proposes to appropriate
for salaries of superintendent, treasurer, as-
sayer, ifec., is the same as that appropriated
last year, 830,500. The amount appropriated
by the bill for incidental and contingent
expenses, &c., is also the same as last year,
$69,000 in round numbers. This reduction
of nearly forty-two thousand dollars is merely
a blind, unreasoning cutting down under pre-
tense of economy.
Now, sir, to carry out a just economy I will
go " as far as he who goes the farthest." The
word "economy," properly understood, means
management, not simple hoarding. Economy
on the part of the Government means the carry-
ing on of all Government works with a just and
liberal spirit toward the public employes, and
particularly providing money enough to keep
up those works in a proper manner. ' r
The superintendent of the mint at San Fran-
cisco is no political or personal friend of mine;
he is a gentleman with whom I never exchanged
one word; but I know his character in the com-
munity, and he is as estimable, honorable, hnd
upright a gentleman as there is in tbe.city of
San Francisco, He requires for properly carry-
ing on that mint with its increasing bosuisss *
certain sum of money which the Committee'on
