706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
. Mr. FARNSWORTM. Call the previous
question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call the previous ques-
tion on my motion.
Mr. INGrBRSOLL. I withdraw my objec-
tion, so that the committee may be allowed to
report at any time after the morning hour. " •
Mr. PBRHAM. I hope the House will give
us the right to report at any time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. PBRHAM. I ask that we may have
leave to report at any time after the morning
hour, at some time that suits the convenience
of the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, and Mr.
CHANLER objected.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suggest to the
gentleman that he! can report his bill on Mon-
day or during the last teai days of the session
by a suspension of. the rules, when it will not
require unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. That will require a two-
thirds vote.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But now it requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would like to inquire
of the Chair at what time in all probability the
Committee on Invalid Pensions will We called
upon for reports? Not this session'. So'that
to recommit the bill'is to Kill it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the.
Committee on Invalid Pensions will not be
called again for public business during this
session, but it may be called for private busi-
ness.
Mr. INGERSOLL. This is not a private
bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Has not
the House allowed the Committee on Invalid
Pensions an evening, session next week in
which to report?
TheSPEAKER. That is for reports of in-
dividual pension cases, but not for this bill.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Chan-
i.eii] objected if this bill was to be included.
The previous question was seconded Snd'tSe
mum question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion of Mr. Bexjamis was
agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill and amendments
were recommitted; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BltlDOIS ACUOSS Till! EAST RIVER.
The SPEAKER. The next business in
order is the calling of committees for reports,
and reports are in order from the Committee
on Roads and Canals.
Mr. COOK, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported back, with tho recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No.
1801) to establish a bridge across the East river
between the cities of Brooklyn and New York,
in the State of New York, a post road.
The bill was read. It proposes to declare the
bridge across the East river between the cities
of New York and Brooklyn, in the State of
New York, to be constructed under and by vir-
tue of an act of the Legislature of the State of
New York entitled '-An act to incorporate the
New York Bridge Company for the purpose of
constructing and maintaining a bridge over the
East river between the cities of New York and
Brooklyn," passed April 16, 1867, when com-
pleted in accordance with tho aforesaid law of
the State of New York, a lawful structure and
post road for the conveyance of the mails of
the United States.
Mr. COOK. The State of New York passed
a law authorizing the construction of a bridge
across the Bast river. The memorial referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals asks
the assent of Congress to the construction of
that bridge. The only question which the
committee deemed it proper to consider was
whether the bridge, when constructed under
the law of New York, would injuriously affect
the navigation of the East river in any degree.
The law of New York provides tlmt the bridge
shall'be constructed without piersiii the'river,
and at a height from the water to the under
side-of the chord of the bridge of one hundred
and, thirty feet. There are some ten Qy twelve
vessels in the United .States Navy and in the
merchant marine of this country which would
have to strike their topmasts in,order, to pass,
under the bridge. i.1 think the number of such
vessels isbut-eleven.. The committee believe
that the bridge would .^e no obstruction to-the^
navigation of.East river> and the members of
this House from the city of New York and the
city, of Brooklyn are unanimously in favor of
the passage of this bill.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. COOK. Certainly.
Mr. WOODWARD. If I heard this bill
aright, it simply makes that bridge a post road.'
Mr. COOK. That is all; makes it a lawful
Mr. WOODWARD. Is that the whole of
the bill?
Mr. COOK. That is the whole of it. , ,
Mr. WARD. It declares it a lawful struc-
ture.
Mr. COOK.- In terms, it gives the assent
of Congress to the construction of the bridge.
Mr. WOODWARD. I think it would be
time enough to declare it a post route when
the bridge shall be built. I do not see why we
should now declare that a future possible bridge
shall be, a post route. I do not understand the
necessity of that. ' -' ••
Mr. COOK. In afiswer to the gentleman'
from Pennsylvania [Mr. - Woodward] I will
say that it requires a large amount of capital
to build this bridge, and unless the assent of
Congress is given to its construction it will be
liable at any time to be enjoined before any
United States court upon the claim of anybody.
Mr. WOODWARD. If it is the object of
this bill, under the pretense of making this
bridge a post route, to take away future judi-
cial process, then I think the bill should not
pass. Whether this bridge, to be constructed
under the taws of the State of New York, is to
be an obstruction of the navigation of East
river, is and will be a judicial question with
which'this House has nothing to do. If the
object of this bill be, as I now understand its
real purpose to be, to anticipate that question
and take it away from'the courts, I cannot, for
one, approve.the bill.
Mr. COOK. That is not the object of the
bill at all. The question desired to be antics
pated by the bill is this: any party .opposed to
the construction of the bridge may allege that
the State of New York has no jurisdiction to
construct any bridge across tide-water without
the assent of Congress.
Mr. WOODWARD. Let the courts decide
that question. We have had it up in regard to
the Schuylkill and other rivers.
Mr. KERR. Will the'gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Cook] yield to-me for a moment?
Mr. COOK. Certainly. i- >
Mr. KERR. I desire to say merely that I
do not understand .the purpose of this bill to
be simply to give the assent of Congress to the
erection of this bridge, though that is one of
its primary objects. But a further purpose of
the bill is to prevent persons who may engage
in _ the construction of this bridge from, being
enjoined against proceeding with the work,
upon the question alone of authority in the
State of New York, to authorize the erection
of any obstruction over a portion of the tide-
water of the country.
I desire also to say to my learned friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] that the point
to which he refers is in no manner to be
affected by this bill, because the law of New
York upon which this projected structure is
based expressly declares that the bridge to be
erected in pursuance of that law shall in no
material extent obstruct the commerce of the
country upon that stream. Therefore the ques-
tion of obstruction or no obstruction to the
commerce upon that river is stilt left a judicial
question, and a question of fact, as much as
if this bill, or any bill of this character, were
not passed by Congress. Congress .cannot
build bridges over the navigable streams of the
country, but if appears to'be now established
that its power to regulate commerce embraces
the.power to prohibit or consent to the erec-
tion of bridges over such streams as East river,
over which the bridge in question is projected.
The sole object of this bill, is to express such
consent. • It attempts and intends to settle no
other question.. It anticipates no merely judi-
cial question,-exeept so far as-such a question
is involved in every exercise of power by Con-
gress. It: authorizes and legalizes np. material
obstruction to the.navigation. of East river, but,
expressly'forb'id& the creation of any such ob-
struction >by this* bridge .company". The con-
ceded importance of this enterprise to the vast
aod-increasing • populations.o,f New York and
Brooklyn more than eQmpiSASSies.thepjrandthe
Country for the slight interruption such & bridge
would cause to1 business on that river, however
extensive "and valuable if may be, or hereafter
become. . .
Mr,. WOODWARD. If I'understand the
effect of this bill it does propose to declare that
this bridge shall be held no obstruction to nav-
igation ; and that is the decision of a question
Which is necessarily and always a j-udicial ques-
tion.
Mr. ROBINSON. Mr. Speaker 
Mt> CQ.OK. I yield to the gentleman from
NewiYork, [Jtfr. Ropixsoir.]
Me. R<1B1NS0N. I think the distinguished
gentleman frotn Pennsylvania [Mr. Wood-
ward] is mistaken in supposing that this bill
will tafke.a legal .question out of the courts.
This bill, .if parsed; by Congress, will no more
take (my, legal or constitutional question out of
the couits than will the-law already .passed by
the -Legislature pf New York. All such ques-
tions of law will remain in precisely the same
position after the passage-of this bill as before.
What we want is to construct that bridge im-
mediately. It is estimated that the'cost of its
construction will be some eight or nine million
dollars. We want to have the work ootn:
menced immediately, and we do not want any
question fo.r delay raised as to whether Con-
gress would give permission for the erection of
the bridge even if we prove it to be no obstruc-
tion to the navigation.
One word, in reference to a question which
has, .been, referred ,to by the chairman of the
committee, [Mr. Coo^,] ajid the committee, I
believe, Have reported the bill unanimously.
It is alleged, as showing that this bridge, will
be an obstruction to .the passage of vessels of
war and of the merchant' service, that there
are eleven ships that eould not go under the
bridge if it be but one hundred and thirty feet
high. I wish to say that it is decided that this
bridge shall be erected at about Fulton Ferry.
Now such large vessels very seldom pass up
between that and Hell Gate. The bridge is to
bo but one span from city to city, and one
hundred and thirty feet above high water.
There need be no apprehension that the struc-
ture will prevent the passage,- of the tallest
" Admiral" thai will ever a;ttetapt to pass up
that river.
Mr. BARNES.; Mr. Speaker 
Mr. "COOK; I decline" tp yield further. I
call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question drdercd; which was Upon order-
ing th.e bill-to be-engrossed and read the third
time..
Mr. WOODWARD. I shall feel constrained
to call for the ye^is and n.ays on the passage
of this billand I ask the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Cook] to allow me the privilege
of saying a few words in reply to the gentle-
man from New York.
Mr. COOK. Certainly ; I yield to the gen-
tleman five minutes.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, I have
no feeling whatever in regard to this matter ;
nor have I any special knowledge on this sub-
ject. I suppose that a bridge across the East
1 river ai the point contemplated is very nects-
