1869.
THE C0NG-RESSI0NAL GL0B1.
1549
Appropriations propose to cut down to the ex-
tent of $40,000. I desire that before this reduc-
tion be made the committee should at least
inform us of the reasons of their action.
Mr. DICKEY. Mr. Chairman, the remarks
I intend to make on the amendment may as
well be made here, perhaps, as at any other
point. I observe, from the estimates in refer-
ence to the independent Treasury and the par-
agraphs in the bill, that the Committee on
Appropriations cut down these appropriations
uniformly below the estimates for this and the
appropriations of last year. I understand from
a member of that committee that they have
done this arbitrarily ; they have done it with-
out any evidence produced before them ; they
have done it from their own conceit as to what
economy ought to be practiced. I have con-
fidence, unbounded confidence almost, in the
superior sagacity and the superior wisdom and
profound knowledge of that committee, but
when they overrule the estimates of the De-
partments of this Government, and when they
undertake to cut down these appropriations
below those of last year I know it will, if car-
ried out, result in our having a deficiency bill
next year. We have a deficiency bill of many
millions now pending.
I say they are starting on an experiment
with reference to the next Administration that
is dangerous. General Grant has indicated his
determination to enter upon an economical
administration of the Government. I propose
togi\e him an opportunity to exercise that
economy. I do not propose to be controlled
by the great wisdom of the great, committee of
ours in cutting down all the estimates of the
effective general officers of the Government
without any evidence. In the case of the San
Francisco mint they have cut it down. In the
case of the sub-Treasary at Boston they have
cut down the appropriation from $25,000 to
$15,000. In New York it was $110,000 last
year, and they have cut it down to $75,000.
The appropriation for the independent Treasury
at Philadelphia last year was $24,850, and in
this bill it has been cut down. These esti-
mates of the Secretary of the Treasury were
based upon the estimates of the officers at the
several points named, but the profound wis-
dom, theintuitive sagacity, which enables them
to grasp this economy enables them to scale
the appropriation for Boston down $10,000,
New York $50,000, and Philadelphia $15,000,
without any evidence laid before them, as I
r.m informed by the senior member of that
committee. I do not propose to follow the
Committee on Appropriations any farther. I
propose to adopt the estimates of the Depart-
ments unless the Committee on Appropriations
can show cause why they should be reduced ;
Unless they have evidence showing why they
should be reduced I do not propose to follow
them in this false economy, which is to result
in our having deficiency bills here at the next
session.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This is
an increase 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
Eropose an amendment to the amendment ?
lebate is exhausted on the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out all but the first word of the amend-
ment.
Mr. BROOKS. What is the first word ?
Mr. BD 1'LER, of Massachusetts. "One."
Mr. BROOKS. Debate mustbe confined to
that word.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No ; I
have moved to strike out all but that. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. Chairman, I merely wish to say that
in 1856 the House commenced cutting down
the expenses of the mint at San Francisco.
They have cut them down every year since,
and from that time to this there has not been a
deficiency. We have made such a reduction as
seemed to be in exact ratio with what they
have been able to get along with. I desire to
say no more on that part of the amendment; |j
but I do not think the House wish to raise the U
appropriation for the San Francisco mint to
$50,000.
My friertd from the Lancaster district of
Pennsylvania says that we have done this arbi-
trarily, without evidence. He is not quite cor-
rect. Let me t,ell him that in I860, in Phila-
delphia, they had but one clerk at $1,500 in
the sub-Treasury. We have now given them
$15,000. In Boston there was one clerk at
$1,500, and we have now given them $24,000.
Mr. DICKEY. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield, as I have not the time. In New York in
1860 they had $24,000, but they have run it up
to $157,000 and we have cut it down to $60,000.
Now, what was the meaning of all this? It
was that in 1862 a law was passed allowing
just as many clerks to be appointed at just
such salaries as the Secretary of the Treasury
would agree to ; and of course he agreed to a
whole raft of them, and so the expense of this
independent Treasury ran up more than quad-
ruple.
Now, some gentleman says to me, " Why,
very much more money now passed through
the Treasury." Why, sir, it does not require
but a moment more to put down a million than
it does $100,000. The amount does not make
the difference. We have run up under that
pernicious law—for all laws are pernicious
that allow offices to be accumulated by anyone
man to the extent they have in this case—we
have run up the expenses of the sub-Treas-
uries and some of the offices connected with
them almost indefinitely. The committee after
full revision of the whole subject endeavored
to bring to it the best judgment they could,
and with no other interest than every other
member of the House can have; no other
interest than that which every member of the
community has. Now, if gentlemen have any
other or different knowledge than what comes
to the committee of course they will vote upon
that knowledge. But I pray gentlemen not to
vote because a gentleman from Pennsylvania
thinks it necessary to stand up for his State,
or a gentleman from New York or elsewhere
thinks it necessary to stand up for his State,
or a gentleman of a given committee thinks it
necessary to protect a Department of which
his committee have charge. We of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations have no Department
in charge. \Ve have no constituency but the
great people; wc have no interest for any one
except simply to give our best judgment.
Mr. SCO FIELD. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I wish to say one thing in reply to my
colleague, [Mr. Dickey,] not to defend the
committee whom he has assailed with some
sharpness, because I am satisfied that when he
has been here longer he will learn to have a
better appreciation of the industry and labor
of others and perhaps less confidence in his
own intuitive knowledge of things, such as he
says the committee have, than he has now. It
is almost always the result of experience here
that members learn to respect those with whom
they are associated who have acquired in the
House a reputation for industry and the faith-
ful performance of their duty, and I am sure
my colleague will learn in that school after
awhile, because I know his high character at
home, to appreciate the labors of others. But
what I intended to reply to particularly was the
statement made by him that possibly we would
not need the large appropriations which he
advocates ; that possibly the necessities of the
country will not demand it; but he says, "'Give
General Grant an opportunity to expend less
money than the House appropriates, and so let
the country see that he is an economical Pres-
ident." He proposes to make the appropria-
tions larger than may be required so as to en-
able the President to make a reputation for
economy. I hope the Republican members of
the House will not be governed by any such
policy. Let us perform our duty independently.
When the necessities of the country demand
a larger appropriation let us make it larger,
and when they will admit, of a smaller one let
us make it smaller. . General Grant baa repu-
tation enough for economy already without
adding to it by any such clap-trap as that. The
best way always is to be direct and straight-
forward, and leave it to the country and to tiaie
to appreciate our motives and approve our
action.
•Mr. DICKEY. Will my colleague answer
me a question ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Yes, sir.
Mr. DICKEY. Will he or any gentleman
on the Committee on Appropriations tell me
upon what evidence they cut down the appro-
priation last year for the independent Treasury
at New York from $110,000 to $75,000, and
that of Philadelphia from $24,885 to $15,000 ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. That question is not now
before the committee. When it is, and^hat is
the direct subject of inquiry, he will receive a
fitting answer. If he had asked me about the
one that is now pending, the appropriation for
the mint at San Francisco 
Mr. DICKEY. Excuse me; I will ask it.
Upon what grounds were the appropriations
of last year and the estimate for this year for
the mint at San Francisco cut down?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I was just going to an-
swer that question before the gentleman asked
it. The committee did have some evidence of
the amount of business which this mint is per-
forming and the expense in which it involves
the country, and comparing the amount of
work done with the amount of expense and
comparing it with the mints at other places
they came to the conclusion that the country
could not afford and the mint did not require
so large an expenditure of money. Much of
this evidence that comes to the committee is
parol evidence. We cannot always get it from
the Departments. The head of the Department
gets it from a clerk, and the clerk gets it from
reports made by men interested in California ;
and with no desire to curtail the expenses in
any particular portion of the country the com-
mittee have to weigh all the evidence that ap-
pears in the case and then present their best
judgment to the House for its approval.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. AXTELL. I vary my amendment so
that it will make the clause read:
For wages of workmen and adjusters, $175,000.
I propose to press a vote upon this amend-
ment in the hope that the committee will sus-
tain my present proposition to increase the
sum allowed by the Committee on Appropria-
tions $25,000 only. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] who last occu-
pied the floor will give me his attention, I
desire to say to him and to the committee that
the salaries of superintendent, treasurer, assay-
ist, melterand refiner, coiner, and six clerks
remain as last year at $30,500, showing that
the business at the mint is rather on the in-
crease than on the decrease. The salaries of
these officers remain the same. The appropri-
ation for incidental and contingent expenses,
repairs, and wastage, remains at $69,545, the
same as last year. But when you come to
the wages of workmen and adjusters, the poor
men employed in the mint, for which last year
we gave $175.000—although the superintend-
ent asked $191,000—they reduce the amount
to $125,000.
Now, I understand from the gentleman who
has charge of this bill that the superintendent
has come out without any deficiency—that he
got through with the $175,000. I presume he
can go through another year with that amount,
but I do not think he could do with less than
that. While the salaries of all the officers
about the mint remain the same, and the con-
tingent expenses remain as last year, do not
let us cut off the workmen. I do not desire to
trespass upon the patience of the committee.
1 desire a vote on my amendment, and I would
be highly gratified if the committee would give
us for the workmen the same amount which
they gave us last year.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
