798
THE? CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February^,
Eesolution, and in accordance with th'e plans of
the board of engineers to be appointed in con-
formity to the said resolution, shall be deemed
and taken to be a legal structure, and shall,
with the railroad of which it is to be apart, be
a post road for the transmission of the mails
of the United States. The third section reserves
to Congress the right to withdraw the assent
hereby given in case the free navigation of said
river shall- at any time be substantially and
materially obstructed by any bridge to be erected
under authority of said resolution.
Mr., WOODWARD. • Is . not this bill pecu-
liarly obnoxious to the objections stated to the
bill just passed in relation to a bridge over
the Bast river, New York? Does not this bill
most emphatically take from the courts the
judicial question and decide it here ?
Mr. COOK. What question ?
Mr. WOODWARD. Whether the bridge
to be erected is a nuisance and obstruction to
the navigation of the river.
Mr. COOK. No, sir; in my judgment it
does not affect that question in any manner.
Mr. WOODWARD. Does not the second
section of this bill decide the question of the
legality of this structure?
Mr; COOK. The third section reserves to
Congress the right to withdraw its assent.
Mr. WOODWARD. I do not think the
third section remedies at all the objection I
take to the second section. Every man who
will examine this bill will see that it antici-
pates and decides a judicial question before it
arises. I think the objection to this bill is even
stronger than the objection to the other bill
with the amendment that was made to it.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. Will the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cook] allow me
to offer an amendment to this bill?
Mr. COOK. I will hear the amendment
road.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I desire
to move in lieu of the third section the fol-
lowing:
That said bridge sliall be constructed and used in
such _ a manner as to cause no material or sub-
stantial obstruction to the freo navigation of said
ri v or.
The language of that proviso is taken from
the net of the Legislature of the State of Con-
neetieutwhich gives authority for constructing
this bridge.
Mr. COOK. I do not think that would make
any difference at all, because the law of Con-
necticut now requires that the bridge shall be
constructed in accordance with the terms of
the act from which the language of the amend-
ment is taken.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and this bill goes over to the morning
hour of to-morrow.
international pacific railhoad.
Mr. NEWCOMB. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Roads and
Canals a substitute for House bill No. 847, to
aid in the construction of the International
Pacific railroad from Cairo, Illinois, to the
Iiio Grande river, to authorize the consolida-
tion of certain railroad companies, and to pro-
vide homesteads for the laborers on saidroads;
and that the substitute, together with the re-
port the committee propose to make, be printed
and recommitted to the committee.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to the reporting
and recommittal of the substitute at this time.
I have no objection to the printing of the sub-
stitute and report.
_ Mr. NEWCOMB. Very well; I ask unan-
imous consent that the order to print be made.
No objection was made; and the order to
print was accordingly made.
equalization oe bounties.
The SPEAKER. The House now resumes
the consideration of the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the House recommitted to
the Committee on Military Affairs House bill
No. 910, to equalize the bounties of soldiers,
sailors, and marines who served in the late
war for the. Union. It was postponed until
to-day after the morning hour, and the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Washburn] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, I desire to
have the motion to reconsider agreed to, when
I propose to withdraw the motion to recom-
mit, and ask action of the House upon the bill
at this time.
• BUSINESS OS SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. ROBINSCIN. I move that the House
now, proceed to the consideration of business
on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is now in
order.
Mr. ROBINSON. There is some business
upon the Speaker's table of very great import-
ance which will take but a few minutes to dis-
pose of.'
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 43, noes 42; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Washburne,
of Indiana, and Mr. Robinson were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 75, noes 40.
So the motion to proceed to business on
the Speaker's table was agreed to.
LEAVE TO PRINT.
Mr. ELLIOTT, of Arkansas, asked and ob-
tained unanimous consent to print in the Globe
some remarks he had prepared upon the pro-
posed amendment to the Constitution of the
United States in relation to stiffrage. [See
Appendix.]
americans imprisoned abroad.
The first business on the Speaker's table was
the following message from the President of
the United States:
To the House of Representatives :
I transmit to the House of Representatives* in an-
swer to a resolution of the House of Representatives
■without date, received at the Executive Mansion on
the 10th of December, calling for correspondence in
relation to thecases of Messrs. Costello and Warren,
naturalized citizens of the United States imprisoned
in Great Britain, a report from the Secretary of
State and the papers to which it refers.
^ „ T ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., January 29,1869.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move that this mes-
sage, with the accompanying documents, be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs
and ordered to be printed.
On this question I wish to say a few words.
It has been suggested by gentlemen around me
that if the matter goes to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs we shall never hear of it again.
But I am entirely unwilling to cast upon any
committee of this House the imputation of
neglect of duty. I may be pardoned, however,
a few words in again attempting to call the
attention, and if possible to secure the prompt
and vigorous action, of the House upon this
subject.
Almost immediately after taking my seat in
Congress I brought this subject before the
House, and ou the 25th of November and the
2d of December, 1867, in speeches made upon
these two days, I gave a full statement of the
facts concerning the imprisonment of our citi-
zens in Great Britain, and offered a resolution,
which was adopted by this House November
25, 1867, calling for the entire correspondence
on the subject of these arrests.
On the 10th of February, 1868, in answer
to that resolution, the President communicated
to this House a voluminous correspondence,
which was ordered to be printed, containing
among other documents the official "report of
the trial of John Warren for treason-felony at
the county Dublin commission, held at the
court-house, Green street, Dublin, commenc-
ing the 30th of October, 1867, reported for the
Crown by William G. Chamney, esq., barrister-
at-law."
On the loth of June, 1868, this House on my
motion adopted a resolution "requesting the
President to take such measures as shall ap-
pear proper to secure the release from im-
prisonment of Messrs. Warren and Costello,
convicted and sentenced in Great Britain for
words and acts spoken and done in this coun-
try, by ignoring our naturalization laws, and
to take such other measures as will secure their
return to our flag with such ceremonies as are
appropriate to the occasion."
On the 22d of June, 1868, the President
transmitted to this House a dispatch of the
Secretary of State to Mr. Moran, ealling atten-
tion to our resolution of the 15th, which dis-
patch Mr. Moran com municated to Lord Stanley
on the 9th of July, 1868.
On the 9th of December, 1868, this House,
on my motion, adopted a resolution—
"That the President of theUnited States be re-
quested to inform this House what correspondence,
if anj% in addition to the dispatch of the Secretary of
State to Mr. Moran. our acting charge d'affaires in
London, furnished by him Jurte.22,1868, in answer to
the resolution of this House of June 15.1868, has
taken place, and to furnish to this House copies of
any such correspondence for the immediate aetion
of Congress."
The message and documents now before us
are sent in compliance with this last resolution.
These documents show that Warren and Cos-
tello are now enduring the most loathsome
imprisonment as part of a sentence of twelve
and fifteen years penal servitude pronounced
against them. These men were distinguished
soldiers in the war for the Union; they fought
nobly for the flag of this country. They com-
mitted no crime in England or Ireland, or on
any part of the British dominion. On landing
upon the British shores they were arrested,
tried, convicted, and sentenced for words
spoken and acts done in the United States.
Sir, as I have heretofore said, no nation, civil-
ized or barbarian, powerful or weak, in ancient
or modern times, has ever submitted to have
its jurisdiction thus trespassed on by a foreign
Power. I have endeavored in every way to
call the attention of this House to the outrage.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,]
who now sits before me, said months ago that
if what I said were true it concerned not only
the peace of the Republic, but the honor also
of the Commonwealth; yet day by day we sit
here as if our backs were made for nothing
but to bear unresistingly the lash of every des-
pot in Europe.
On the 8th of December last I made a speech
on this subject upon the floor of this House.
In that speech I showed from authentic docu-
ments that these men were tried and convicted
for words spoken and acts done here. I showed
from the official report of the trial, made by
the queen's own reporter—copies of which
have been lying upon the desks of members
since the 10th of February, 1868—that these
men, Warren and Costello, were tried and
convicted for acts done in Dublin on the 5th
of March, 1867, when they did not leave the
United States till the 12th of April in that
year. Hence it is impossible that they could
have committed any crime in Great Britain in
March when they did not leave this country
nntil April 12 of the same year, and had not
been in nor near Ireland in March of that year.
What is the result of the course of conduct
which we have been pursuing in reference to
this matter ? Sir, a distinguished and power-
ful European journal, a copy of which I re-
ceived yesterday, refers to the facts connected
with our conduct toward these prisoners, and
characterizes our conduct in terms which should
bring the blush to the cheek of any true-hearted
American. It says: no nation, except the
United States, would submit to such indigni-
ties. _ Here are American citizens in prison,
and it is alleged that there is no other nation
that would submit to the outrage but theUnited
States. Now, sir, I believe that is not correct,
because I think the people of this country are
as sensitive of their honor as any other people
on the face of the earth. It is not the people
of the United States but their Representatives
here that are guilty in this respect. But here
are the facts, which cannot be contradicted,
that these men, for acts done in our territory,
are suffering to-day imprisonment in lonely
