1550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
unanimous consent that debate be closed on
this proposition.
Mr. Hi GOT. I object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
yield for three minutes to the gentleman from
California.
Mr. HIGBY. I want five minutes under
the rale. '
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very
well.
Mr. HIGBY. The method in which, as the
gentleman from Pennsylvania tells us, the Com-
mittee on Appropriations obtained information
on which to make the appropriation for this
purpose is very strange. He says that the
committee do not place full reliance upon the
information acquired through those who have
charge of .the Mint and its operation because
it comes from interested parties, bnt they do
rely upon the parol evidence which they re-
ceive outside of the information they get from
those parties. The member from Pennsylva-
nia, who is a member of the Committee on
Appropriations, has given us nothing satisfac-
tory upon this subject. He tells us to be sure
that they had parol testimony. What is that?
It is the declarations of individuals who appear
before the committee. Is that evidence? We
have the statements of the sworn officers of
the Government before us, and I say that it is
unsafe to go below what we find in their esti-
mates. Here are the estimates:
Branch. Mini at San Francisco, California.
For salaries of superintendent and treasurer, at
July 3,1852, (10 Laws,-page 11, sec. 2,)
$9,000; assayer, melter and refiner, and coiner, at
S3.000, (same -act,) $9 000; six clerks, one at $2,500
five at $2,000 each, per same act, August 4,1854, (10
Laws, pages 11, 201, 558J $12,500 $30,500 00
For wages of workmen and adjusters  195,450 00
1- or incidental and contingent expenses,
including wastage on gold and silver  122,000 00
Total amount of appropriations required, $347,950 00
Now, sir, it is true that last year the amount
appropriated was $175,000 in place of this item
of $195,450.
Now, what does the superintendent of the
branch mint at San Francisco say upon this
subject? He says:
"You will notice that X have not made the usual
deduction for the parting charge collected from de-
positors, which source of revenue has since the estab-
lishment of the branch been made available to be
applied toward the expenses. I learn that a law was
passed at the recent session of Congress requiring
that'hqreafter all the available profits of the Mint
11 d branches shall be covered into the Treasury,
wi. 0nly .a specific appropriation.
\V nether the revenue derived from a charge made
against the depositor of bullion for parting the same
he considered as profits is extremely question-
able: but to provide-against an adverse decision of
the Department upon, this point X have deemed it
most wise not to permit that item to enter into the
calculation of my estimates.
"I will take the opportunity to say that myfigures
^.pato as I can possibly make them,
and that it would not be safe to reduce them."
Now, when he says that he learns that such
a law was passed he states what is true. Such
a law was passed to cover all the receipts of
the^Mint and branches into the Treasury.
I he gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] tells us that the Committee on Ap-
propriations cut down the amount last year to
$175,000 and there was no deficiency. There-
fore upon that ground they propose to cut
down the arpount this year still lower. And
the mem her from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield]
tells us that they took parol testimony or dec-
larations outside of the statements they ob-
tained from these Departments, and that is
the kind of testimony upon which the Com-
mittee on Appropriations have brought in dar-
ing the last ,ten day's of this session one of the
most important bills before the House. They
hive made a mighty struggle, and this is what
is brought forth by that committee during the
last ten days' of the session. They will not
take the# statements which they get from the
departmentiii San Francisco, verified by the
t reasury Department in this city, but they have
been laponng'&H 'this time getting outside
testimony,"tt^imtmy, on this snbject.
Ihat seems to have been the business and labor
of the great Appropriation Committee of this
House down to the last days of this session.
I trust the amendment proposed by my col-
league [Mr. Axtell] will be sustained by the
Committee of the Whole as it should be. This
superintendent is a man of integrity and un-
impeachable character, and it is beyond the
power of the Committee on Appropriations to
bring any charge against his character for in-
tegrity.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted
on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to ; and the amendment of Mr. Axtell
was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Branch mint at Denver :
For assayer, (who shall have charge of said mint.)
$1,800.
tor melter and refiner and coiner, at $1,800 each,
$3,000.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Appropriations
to move to amend the clause last read so that
it will read:
For melter, $1,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For two clerks at 61,800 each, $3,600.
For wages of workmen, $12,000.
For incidental and contingent, expenses, $3,000:
Provided, That after the 1st day of July, 1S69, the
branch mint at Denver shall be carried on as an as-
say office only, and ail unexpended balance of ap-
propriations shall be paid and covered into the Treas-
ury of the United States; and all the offices not
herein provided for are hereby abolished.
Mr. CHILCOTT. I move to strike out all
relating to the branch mint at Denver and
to insert in lieu thereof what I send to the
Clerk's desk.
Mr. KELSEY. I raise the point of order
that some of the paragraphs have already been
passed and cannot now be stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The paragraph relating to
lacidental and contingent expenses is the only
paragraph now pending.
Mr. CHILCOTT. Then I raise the point
of order that the proviso of the pending para-
graph is new legislation and not in order upon
this appropriation bill, and is changing exist-
ing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. CHILCOTT. I move to insert after the
paragraph last read what I send to the Clerk
to be read.
The Clerk read as follows;
For superintendent, $2,000; assayer, $1,800; melter
and refiner, $1,800; three clerks, one of whom shall
act as clerk to the Assistant Treasurer of the United
States of the branch mint, $5,400; wages of work-
men, $11,000; incidental and contingent expenses
$2,400; additional salary of superintendent for ser-
vices as Assistant Treasurer of the United States,
$500, or s-o much thereof as shall he necessary : Pro-
vided. The entire expenses of the branch mint at
Denver fortbe fiscal year ending June 30,1870 shall
not exceed the sum herein appropriated.
Mr. CHILCOfT. I trust the Committee on
Appropriations will not, oppose this amend-
ment. As I understand their proposition it is
to change this into an assay office for the pur-
pose of saving expenses to the Government.
Now, I offer an amendment continuing this as
a branch mint, at an expense less than that
proposed by the Committee on Appropriations.
The usual appropriation for the mint at the
city of Denver has been between thirty and forty
thousand dollars. The Committee on Appro-
priations propose to reduce it to an assay
office, at an expense of $26,300. I propose to
retain it as a branch mint, but at an expense
even less than the committee propose, $24,900.
We desire to preserve this as a mint for the
purpose of a Government depository. When
the mining products of Colorado are increas-
lng, and increased last year between two and
three hundred thousand dollars, we think it is
not proper to reduce it to an assay office; and
inasmuch as we propose to carry it on at a less
expense than the committee propose for an
assay office, I hope my amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to state another point.
The assayer, who it is proposed shall have the
whole charge of this mint, gives bonds to the
Government in the sum of $10,000. If he be
intrusted with the management of this mint
there will pass through his hands during the
next fiscal year bullion amounting to perhaps
$1,000,000. In view of this fact, I ask whether
it is proper to change this mint to an assay
office, intrusting the assayer with this vast
amount, when he gives bonds in the sum of •
only $10,0t)0? I hope the amendment will be
adopted.
On agreeing to the amendment, there were—
ayes 23, noes 45 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest to the gentleman
from Massachusetts that he allow this amend-
ment to be considered adopted, and then have
a vote in the House upon it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very well;
I will allow a vote to be taken oil it in the
House.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the amendment will be considered as agreed to.
There was no objection.
The Clerk read as follows :
Branch mint at Charlotte, North Carolina:
For the care and preservation of the branch mint
buildings, machinery, and materials, at Charlotte,
North Carolina, including $500 for necessary repairs.
$1,000.
Mr. DEWEESE. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out " one" and in-
serting " three," so as to make the amount of
the appropriation $3,000. This mint is now
under the charge of an assayer, appointed by
the President upon the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Treasury, and confirmed by the
Senate. It is necessary that the increased appro-
priation proposed in my amendment should be
made in order to pay the salary of this assayer
and to meet the other contingent expenses of
this mint. It is situated right in the center of
our large gold region which is now being ex-
plored, very considerable sums of money being
expended for that purpose. If the committee
wili agree that this appropriation shall now be
increased to $3,000, I will promise that if by
next year the mint shall have failed to return
an income to the Government I will, when the
appropriation bill comes up next session, no
longer contend that the assayer at this mint
shall be continued. The Legislature of my
State addressed a respectful petition to Con-
gress asking that this office might be kept up
for one year longer ; but through some negli-
gence of our State officers that petition never
reached this body. This assay officer having
been confirmed and commissioned, and hav-
ing gone to that place to attend to his duties,
I most earnestly urge the committee that the
assay office may be permitted to continue for
one year longer.
I now yield the remainder of my time to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Mcxgex.]
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Chairman, if I held
the floor in my own right I would move to strike
out this whole paragraph.
Mr. DEWEESE. I thought the gentleman
was going to advocate my amendment. [Laugh-
ter. ]
The CHAIRMAN. Doesthe gentleman from
Ohio [Mr.MuKGEs] desire to oppose the amend-
ment?
Mr. MUNGEN. I do ; and I will give my
reasons for opposing it. There has not been
a half dollar or a dime or a five-cent piece
coined at that mint within the last sixteen
years. The gentleman's own company in the
Army borrowed the fence belonging to the place
and failed to'bring itbaek again. [Laughter.]
The gentleman-, I understood, says there isa gar-
den there, but he admits that the fence is goue.
The act of July 23, 1866, contains a provision
in regard to this mint to which I wish to call
the attention ot the committee. It is as follows:
For checks and certificates of deposit for office of
A??™ilntJrre?fure£.at ^ew York and other offices,
#lo,000: Provided* That the Secretary of the^rcas*
ury be, and he is hereby, authorized, at his discre-
tion, to remove the whole or any portion of the ma-«
chinery, apparatus, and fixtures of the branch mints
of the United States at j^cw Orleans, Charlotte, and
