1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
799
cells ; and if they turn their eyes aside to look
at a stranger who happens to come in they are
punished by solitary confinement in damp cells,
without seats or couches or light or food or
heat or clothing 1 These indignities are being
inflicted upon them day by day, while we sit
here and do nothing for their relief. The
distinguished chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs stated that it was not the prov-
ince of the President but of Congress to deal
with this question,, and yet for nearly twelve
months the committee have had the official
report in regard to these facts before them
without reporting upon them. Shall it be said
that the American people do not care for the
welfare or feel for the suffering of their fellow-
citizens who are confined in damp and dingy
dungeons by the despots of Europe, whose laws
they no way infringed or violated.
Sir, the charges that I have made are true.
If not, the committee should have reported
so. Let them examine the facts. It is a dis-
grace to the House; it is a disgrace to the
people of the United States, if the facts are
as stated, that these American citizens should
remain in confinement for want of action on
the part of Congress.
Why is it that the people's Representatives
here seem dead to the people's honor? There
is a flippant ridicule indulged in here against
the protection of American citizens from in-
sult abroad, particularly if they are natural-
ized citizens. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schemck] objected the other day that 1 con-
sumed time in bringing forward at every op-
portunity the question of the wrongs of Ireland,
and suggested that it would be well to send tor
all the people of Ireland to come over here.
If we should I apprehend we would greatly
add to the wealth and power of the country
and have an increase of citizens of which we
might well feel proud, and into whose society
the gentleman himself, being admitted, might
get new ideas of statesmanship, eloquence, and
learning, however extensive his acquirements
are already. We are doing the very thing the
gentleman ridicules, for it is but a few days
since we did send to Ireland for a man to put
at the head of one of our oldest American col-
leges, (Princeton,) and there are thousands in
Ireland worthy of similar honors.
The resolution of June-15, 1868, which the
House on my motion adopted, probably could
not have been passed amidst thesmallartillery
or musketry fire of flippant objections and
pointless ridicule, but for the kindness of the
Speaker. Even after it was passed some doubts
were expressed whether we Lad not been a little
too hasty in putting on record what we did, that
these men were convicted for acts done here.
I said I had no fear of that, because we had
simply stated the truth. Lord Stanley attempts
to deny it, but he evades the question. He
says these men were engaged in the Jacmel
expedition. Well, what it'they were? Jn this
Jacmel expedition some madcaps undertook to
take a little cruise round the coast of Ireland
to look at the shores and headlands. But the
Jacmel did not land, nor east anchor, nor put
herself within the jurisdiction of Great Britain.
The deck of that little ship was American ter-
ritory, and we should not permit any nation to
try our citizens for what they do within our own
jurisdiction. We cannot permit any stranger
to punish our children for playing or romping
on our lot. Lord Stanley does not give the par-
ticulars of the Jacmel expedition. The worst
thing they proved on the trial of Warren and
others connected with that expedition was that
some person on board caught a foolish or half-
witted Irishman named Gallagher, who at-
tempted to act as pilot on the coast of Sligo,
and administered an oath to him that he would
keep secret what he saw oij board.
The evidence shows that the oath was admin-
istered by Colonel W. J. Nagle, whom they
have liberated, and not by Warren or Costello ;
bat even if they had administered the oath it
was not a crime—at all events it was not trea-
son-felony, for which they were tried and of
which they were, convicted. I say, after a
careful examination of the official report of the
trial, that that was the whole of the proof
against any one on the Jacmel expedition of
a criminal nature within British jurisdiction ;
that an oath was administered to the pilot when
he came on board off the coast of Sligo to keep
secret all he saw, and that was clearly shown
to have been done by Colonel Nagle.
Let me say here, for fear I should forget it,
that the British Government seems to be wait-
ing and wondering why we do. not ask for the
release of these men. We do not want to get
on our knees to demand their release. We
should demand that they shall send them back
and deliver them to us, and on their delivery
salute them and our flag. We are submitting
to what no nation ever submitted to before or
probably ever will again in the history of the
world. And this correspondence shows that
Lord Stanley and Lord Mayo, and others, seem
utterly astonished that we do not demand the
release of our captive heroes.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I would like to
ask the gentleman from New York if the con-
dition of these citizens in England to whom he
refers has been called to the attention of our
minister to that court; and if so, what reply he
has made upon the subject?
Mr. ROBINSON. In the correspondence
now before the House will be found an indig-
nant letter from EugeneE. Costello, in prison,
asking if the United States are still in exist-
ence, and indulging in other severe remarks.
I have not found Mr. Johnson's reply.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg leave to interrupt
the gentleman.
Mr. ROBINSON. I am very glad to be
interrupted by the gentleman. I have been
trying for months to break the seal of silence
on the eloquence of the gentleman's lips.
Mr. BIN GHAM. By the papers now before
the House it appears that our minister to
England did answer the convict in prison, and
did, as requested by him, communicate his
letter to the President of the United States,
and the letter is before him. I ought to say
further that the Secretary of State has replied
to Our minister in England, hoping that at a
very early day these persons, Warren, Costello,
and others, will be released from imprison-
ment. I might add further in justification of
what is said in the communication of the Sec-
retary of State, that a treaty recently negotiated
by our minister with England does make pro-
vision for protecting the rights of naturalized
citizens.
Mr. ROBINSON. I think the papers do not
show exactly what the gentleman from Ohio
says. The Clerk will please read the dates of
the different dispatches in the papers before
us. The latest I noticed is several months old.
Mr. BINGHAM. There is one letter dated
December 4, 1808. That is not several months
old.
Mr. ROBINSON. I beg pardon. I had not
seen the letter referred to by the gentleman.
Here it is. A letter from Mr. Johnson to Mr.
Seward, dated December 4, 13G8, in which lie
says:
"Sometime sincc I received the inclosed letter
from Mr. Eugene E. Costello, who is now undergoing
imprisonment at the convict establishment at Chat-
ham, for treason-felony. I replied to it on thc4th of
November, and stated that I should not fail to send
it to Washington as requested. At present I do not
offer any remarks upon this and similar cases but as
official copies of the trials of Messrs. Warren, Hal-
pin, Costello, and McCafferty have recently reached
me, I hopo soon to bo able to send yon a brief but
faithful summary of the cases with some observations
on each ease.*'
Ah, Mr. Speaker, is not this one of the most
terrible expositions of Circean sorcery by which
this House is lulled into ten thousand times
worse than Lethean lethargy in coming to the
vindication of the rights of our citizens?
Our representative in London says that he
has received a copy of the official trial of these
men, and that soon he hopes to be able to send
a brief summary and communicate an abstract
of the case to this Government. Is it not an
exhibition of the delay disgraceful and damning
to our national character with which we seek
■redress of national wrongs, when our minister
abroad informs the Secretary, the. Secretary
the President, and the President this House
that hope—only hope—is entertained, and two
months elapsed since then, that we. are to
have a summary of the. facts in these cases,
when the Secretary of State and every member
of the House has had the same for twelve
months past? Mr. Johnson, before he went
abroad, had the same information before him.'
I can show a copy of itiwliich has heen upon
my desk until it is creased and almost worn
out; and my speeches, long since read in
Europe and here, contain this very summary
which our minister hopes soon to have.
Sir, does any one appreciate what imprison-
ment to these men mean V Can any one under-
take to measure this degradation of American
citizenship by gold or silver or greenbacks?
Was not the roar of our artillery heard at the
same time these men were languishing in dun-
geons, our naval vessels being engaged in
saluting the very officials who have insulted
our manhood and our nationality—saluting at
the very time when they should have been
engaged in bombarding the forts protecting the
prisons of our eitizeus and demanding satis-
faction for the insults heaped upon us?
England herself has set the example which
we should have followed. When her citizens
were imprisoned by Theodoras of Abyssinia,
England took up the quarrel promptly, fitted
out an expedition, battered down the capital
of the enemy, killed the monarch, and when
the leader of the expedition returned, loaded
him with honors for his services in vindicating
the rights of English citizens. Are we dead to
all feelings of honor and deaf to all the teach-
ings of noble example?
But, sir, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] says that a treaty is negotiated by our min-
ister with England which makes provision for
protecting our citizens. I hope the gentleman
from Ohio will reflect on what he says. A treaty
negotiated, while our citizens are unjustly im-
prisoned, thatEngland willnotdoso anymore,
and yet says never a word about letting the
actual victims go 1 Lord Stanley or his suc-
cessor, with his iron heel upon the necks ot
several American citizens, suffering nameless
indignities and wrongs for acts done in our own
jurisdiction, and signing a protocol that he will
respect the rights of American citizens 1 Oh,
sir, surely the gentleman from Ohio, as earn-
estly as I, would wish to kick into the middle of
next week or of the next century any represent-
ative of a foreign nation who would ask us to
sign a treaty of protection to our citizens within
sound of the clanking of the chains on the limbs
of our citizens who have failed to receive pro-
tection. First liberate the victims suffering
before you negotiate that none shall suffer.
I have moved that these papers be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. With-
out meaning any disrespect to that committee
1 will say that 1 am afraid the reference will
be the end of the matter. Sir, is not this one
of the nicest exhibitions of American diplo-
macy ? After hammering at the matter for a
year and a half we have got our minister
abroad to say tliat lie will take up the subject
and give us the points of the trial from re-
ports wc have had in our possession for about
twelve months past. In that way the bell of
eternity would ring, or, if I may be allowed to
use the figure of my friend from Tennessee,
[Mr. Mullins,] we would hear the snap of
angel Gabriel's gun before these men would
be released.
Once more, however, I beg to summon from
sleep the sense of honor in this House. Let
us have some action on this question any way.
If you declare that American citizens may be
punished for acts done under their own flag,
say so, that we may know how to summon
meekness to bear the degradation : but. if von
mean to assert your national honor, let us have
a practical proof of it in a dignified demand
