800
mM CONGRESSIONAL OLOBfe.
February 2,
for: the freedom of ,onr oitizens, so long and bo
cruelly neglected. This is alt I ask. ;.Jts im-
portance is my. excuse for the (pertirfacity and
perhaps harshness with which I have urged it
upon this House.
The question was upon the motion to refer
and print. ■ •
Mr. CHANLER. If it be in order, I move
that the Committee otr Foreign Affairs have
leave to .report upon this subject at any time.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent. ;
.. Mr. CHANLER. I-think the necessity of
that will be evident from the importance of the
subject and the manner in which, it has been
brought before the House; Here is -a report
directly from England, and from- the minister
representing that Government in this country,
in relation to the personal liberties of Ameri-
can citizens. . According to the routine and
order of this House the committee which will
have charge of that matter will not be able to
report upon it during this session except by
unanimous consent of this body. ■ And I urge
upon members that that consent should be
given, from the very weight' and importance
of the question in its bearings upon- the- rights
of citizens of the United States, upon theiegis-
lation of this House upon this, very subject,
and upon the character of the House in refer-
ence to its action upon previous-occasions.
It cannot be argued that owing to the short-
ness of this session and the possibility of this
matter coming up in th« Forty-First Congress
we should therefore pass it over now. The facts
in the case demand oar immediate action.
The history of this case, as has been stated by
my colleague from the Brooklyn district, [Mr.
.Robinson,] has been thoroughly understood
and argued, not only by the representatives of
this Government abroad, but by the executive
branch of t.he .Government. And the Govern-
ment has tacitly, by the course it has pursued,
in not putting forth its strength and demand-
ing from Great Britain immediate,- reparation,
given ground to doubt whether it has not more
fear and. discretion than it has courage in the
conduct-of its public affairs when it has to deal
with a nation able to meet it in fair fight with
a force and courage equal to its own.
The class of citizens represented by these
prisoners in British dungeons were appealed
to by the Government of the United States
when it needed assistance during the late rebel-
lion, and their services were gladly accepted.
We called from Europe the aid of this very
class of men; and under the conscription every
such inun who was willing to take his life in
his hand and fight our battles was accepted in
place of our native-born citizens. By the aid
of these men of foreign birth our brigadierand
major generals, born on American soil, were
enabled to reap the honors of the war and send
down their illustrious names to posterity. And
yet, sir, men eleoted to this House by the votes
of the naturalized citizens of America sit silent
here, uttering no word in behalf of those who
for want of our exertions are languishing in
foreign prisons.
The claims of our citizens for the Alabama
piracies have received prompt attention. Spe-
cial commissioners have been sent abroad for
the purpose of settling questions arising out
of the war and affecting our material interests.
But this great question, involving the personal
liberty oi American citizens, is postponed or
ignored. I say it is the duty of the House to
act promptly for the relief of these men. I
hope the documents now before the House will
be printed and will receive the attention of the
House at an early day.
Mr. .ROBINSON. I think I will modify
my original motion and move that this com-
munication be printed and be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, with instruc-
tions to report during the present week.
The SPEAKER. The instruction to the
committee to report at a particular time can-
not be adopted without a suspension of the
rules, which cannot be had to-day, or by unan- '
imous consent. Under the rules, committees
must report in their order.
Mr. ROBINSON. I am afraid unanimous
consent will not.be granted; so I will not insist
on the modification of my motion. . 1
Mr. Speaker, I apologize to the House -for
having occupied so muoh of its time. -I did
not intend to-speak to-day at so great length,
having expressed my views very fully in. a
speech on a former occasion-. And, sir, if it
were in order I would move to se.nd a copy of
that speech to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs along with the documents received to-day.
This suggestion is not made in any spirit of
egotism, but because that speech embraces a
fall synopsis of the proceedings on the trial of
Warren and Oostello, prepared from the offi-
cial-papers. I regard their cases as differing
essentially from those of many other of our
naturalized citizens who have been tried and
unjustly condemned by British courts. - In
the latter cases the alleged culprits were long
enough upon the soil of Great Britain to have
committed some crime or some- quasi crime.
Rut as to Warren and Costello, the very facts
appearing on the record show that they could
not have been convicted for any crime com-
mitted on British soil; for the acts charged
against them were committed on the 5th of
March, 1867, when in fact they did not leave
New York till the 12th of April following.
Sir, before closing let me say. that if I never
in my life do any, other public act I capnot but
look back with satisfaction and pleasure to what
I have already done in this behalf, notwith-
standing the ridicule which the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] audothers have attempted
to heap upon me for my exertions. In 1842 I
was instrumental in bringing this question to
the notice of the Senate through Heury Clay;
and now, after the lapse of twenty-seven years,
I am still persevering in the same cause. And,
sir, since I introduced this question in tins
House we have witnessed what has never be-
fore transpired in the history of mankind.
Upon this question of the rights of American
citizens we have brought the European Powers
to their knees. It is something that we have
brought England, Germany, and other Eu-
ropean Powers upon their knees, so-that at last
they are ready to acknowledge what they have
heretofore refused to concede, and-we have the
prospect that in the future American citizen-
ship is to be respected abroad as it has not
been hitherto. But I trust the committee,
when this is referred to them, will not take
such a long time.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
says we are going to have a treaty. Sir, do
not talk to me about a treaty while chains are
upou the limbs of our people. Liberate our
citizens, and then you may talk about making
a treaty. I throw back the suggestion of-the
gentleman from Ohio, while our citizens are
lingering in prison, if the consideration of the
treaty is intended to prevent future action on
behalf of our people, and to leave them to suffer
forever.
I accept the amendment of my colleague to
my motion.
Mr. CHANLER. _ Will it be in order to
move that the committee be instructed to re-
port upon this at any time ?
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent. 'Thegentleman from New York
[Mr. Robinson] moves that the message and
accompanying papers be printed, and referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. ROBINSON. I also wish to have my
speech referred to the committee.
The SPEAKER. Not being before the
House it cannot be sent to the committee ex-
cept by unanimous consent.
Mr. ROBINSON. Then I will not press it.
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the message and accompanying papers
were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection that the
committee may report at any time after the
morning hour ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. BINGHAM. I thm'k the gentleman will
not object if he hears me. The fact appears
upon the record that
•' Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is im-
possible to get along with this special assign-
ment of privileged motions.
Mr. BINGHAM. It will not make any
trouble.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw the objection.
No objection being made, leave was granted
to the- committee to report at any time.
arttest of citizens in paraguay.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks unanimous
consent to lay before the House the following
message from the President:
To the House of Representatives :
In answer to the resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the 16th of December last in relation
to the arrest of American citizens in Paraguay, I
transmit a report of the Secretary of State.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, February!, 1869.
Mr. CULLOM. I move its reference to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and that it be
printed.
The reading of the papers having been called
for,
The SPEAKER said: As that will take time
the Chair will withdraw them for the present.
state -department buildings.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President:
To the House of Representatives :
X transmit to the House oi" Representatives, in
answer to their resolution of the 23d instant, the
accompanying report from the Secretary of State.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington. January 27,1859,
The message, with the accompanying report
in regard to buildings occupied by the State
Department, was ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
clothing foe disabled soldiishs.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, protesting against the expe-
diency of passing the joint resolution furnishing
clothing to inmates of homes for disabled sol-
diers ; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
choctaw and chickasaw annuity.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Interior, sub-
mitting estimates to pay annuity provided by
the tenth article of the treaty of 18(50 with the
Choctaws and Chickasaws ; which was ref'eri ed
to the Committee on Appropriations.
committee on retrenchment.
Mr. BENTON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R,. So. 437) appro-
priating money to defray the expense of the
joint select Committee on Retrenchment;
which waj read a first and. ,second time, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
books and documents for mjjmlihils.
Mr, YOUNG. I ask consent to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That it is hereby ordered by this House
that the superintendent of the folding-rooms be, and
ho is hereby, directed to deliver to the members of
this House from the reconstructed States all books
and documents which may now bo in his hands to
which the reconstructed States now represented on
this floor should have been entitled had said States
been represented from 1801 to January, 1868.
Mr. LAFL1N and other members objected.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly en-
rolled an act (S. No. 693) for the temporary
relief of the poor and destitute people in the
District ofColumbia; when the Speaker signed
the same.
