802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
ending June 30, 1868." They are here by
mistake, and do not belong to the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Yancton tribe of Sioux:
For first of tea installmen ts.(second series) to bo paid
to them or expended1 for their benefit, commencing
■with the year in which they shall remove to and settle
and reside "upon their reservation, per fourth article
treaty 19til April, 1858, $40,000.
Mr, BURLEIGH. I move to add to that
the following proviso;
L'r^vmctl, Thai, no part of the moneys appropri-
ated by this bill, or hereafter to be appropriated, to
p6y annuities due the Tancton Sioux Indians shall
be expended for any other articles of food, clothing,
agricultural and mechanical implements than such
as thu.ll be agreed upon by the chiefs and head men
of such tribe in general council hold for this purpose,
the same to be estimated for by the local agent and
certified by the superintendent of Indian atfairs for
said tribe.
Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment to the
bill for the purpose of having the spirit of the
treaty with the Yancton Sioux Indians carried
outin good faith. I allege that the treaty with
these Indians has never yet been carried out
iu good faith by the Government of the United
States. The members of that tribe to-day ar§
starving and dying of starvation because of the
bad faith of the Government. Yet by the treaty
•with these Indians the United States came into
possession of nine million acres of the most
fertile land upon this continent.
It is not my intentiop, sir, to consume the
time of this House in making any lengthy
statement; but I do wish members to under-
stand that the Interior Department or the In-
dian Bureau here claims the right under this
treaty with-the Yancton Sioux Indians, when-
ever they see fit, to expend the money of these
Indians in just whatever way it may please.
The Indians have invariably met and agreed
among themselves what article of food and
clothing should be purchased for their benefit,
but when the estimates which have beeu founded
upon that agreement have come down to this
city they have been invariably disregarded by
the Indian Bureau or the Interior Department.
The Indians have not been able to receive what
they wanted, but their annuities have been ex-
pended in whatever useless articles the Depart-
ment may have seen fit to send to them. But
for this unjust policy which has been pursued
by the bureau these Indians would to-day have
been in comfortable circumstances, and their
wives and children would have had plenty in-
stead of suffering as they now do from starva-
tion. It is for this reason, and this reason alone,
that I have moved this amendment. I know
these Indians, and I know that they are suffer-
ing, for I left them but a few weeks ago. I
ask that my amendment may be adopted, so
that the chiefs and head men of these Indians
may decide what they need and the money
may be spent as they suggest, and not left to
the disposition of the arbitrary will of those in
the Indian office in this city. The amend-
ment is a good one, and I hope it will be
adopted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I can have
no objection to the amendment by itself, but it
strikes in upon the whole Indian system. I
have no doubt that much, if not all, that has
been said by the Delegate from Dakota is
quite true. He says there has never been a
fair carrying out of this treaty, and I might
amend by saying nor any other treaty with the
Indians. I would ask the gentleman from Da-
kota whether this is not the same tribe of
Indians toward whom wild cattle were driven
to be paid for out of their annuities?
Mr. BURLEIGH. Yes, sir; the very same.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand the contract was made with the Indian
department, with which the Indians had noth-
ing to_do whatever, by which the greater part
ot their annuity money was invested in wild
Texas cattle, which were driven up to where
they were for the purpose of enabling them to
start in the business of stock-raising. The cat-
tle, of course, nearly all died of starvation, and
the Indians themselves suffered from starvation
in consequence.
Now, while this is all true, I cannot consent
that this amendment shall be made here. If
the House will allow the second and third sec-
tions of this bill to become the law, and they
passed this House almost unanimously last
year, but failed ultimately, I have no doubt that
we ahall be able to correct many of the abuses
which have grown up in the Indian Bureau. I
hope the gentleman from Dakota will withdraw
his amendment and allow us to pass a general
provision upon the subject, in which I have no
doubt the members generally will agree. :
Mr. BURLEIGH. In order to say a word
in reply to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
I will move to amend my amendment by strik-
ing out the last word. Now, Mr. Chairman,
the gentleman has alluded to the purchase of
wild Texas cattle out of the annuities of these
Indians a little more than two years ago. That
brilliant idea was conceived in Washington city
and not in Dakota. It was conceived by the
officers of the Indian Bureau here, and the
annuities of these Indians were appropriated
to the purchase of these wild Texas cattle for
the purpose, as it was alleged, of enabling these
Indians to start out in the business of stock-
raising. Some gentleman, I think in Kansas,
obtained the contract to deliver to the Yancton
and some other bands of Indians a large num-
ber of cows and calves. These cattle were
driven up there, and I was told by the agent of
thelndiansthatevery oneof them cost$117 45.
This expenditure of the money of the Indians
was made by the imperious order of the Interior
Department against the earnest remonstrance
of the Indians themselves and their agents and
superintendents who were upon the ground.
It is only part of the policy which I have
already indicated as prevailing in the Indian
Bureau. No alternative is left to the Indians
themselves, The Indians must take whatever
the Indian Bureau here may send them, never
mind how much it may be in disregard of the
stipulations of the treaty. When I was agent
for these Indians, when I sent for blankets I
never got them, hut got something else which
I never sent for. Sailor's belts and sheaths
without knives were sent, of course. If the
stipulations of the treaty were fairly carried
out, and the Indians got what they really
wanted and what they were actually promised,
there would be no difficulty with them what-
ever. These Yancton Sioux have deserved
well at the hands of this Government. They
have stood like a rock of adamant in their de-
votion to this Government; they have never
done a disloyal act; they have never lifted
their hands against ourown people. What we
have promised them in this treaty we-ought to
give them ; common justice demands this at
our hands. There will be no harm in agree-
ing to my amendment. If the general provis-
ion be not agreed to this will stand, and if
it is agreed to it will do no harm.
I withdraw my amendment to the amend-
ment.
The amendment'was agreed to.
The Olerk read as follows:
Idaho Territory :
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in Idaho Territory, presents of goods, agri-
cultural implements, and other useful articleSi and
to assist them to locate in permanent abodes, and
sustain themselves by the pursuits of civilized life,
to be expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, §15,000.
Mr. HOLBROOK. I move to strike out
"$15,000" and insert "§30,000," and I
should like to know from the gentleman who
has charge of this bill what good reason can be
stated why the amendment should not prevail ?
I see that the bill provides for an appropriation
of §50,000 for the general incidental expenses
of the Indian service in the Territory of Arizona.
It also appropriates for the general incidental
expenses of the Indian service in Colorado Ter-
ritory, $25,000. Forty thousand dollars are
appropriated for New Mexico, and $35,000 for
Oregon and Washington Territory, while for
the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in Idaho the appropriation is cut down
to the sum of $15,000. I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts whether there are any
special reasons why $50,000 should be appro-
priated for Arizona, $25,000 for Colorado Ter-
ritory, and only $15,000 for the Territory of
Idaho?
Mr. BUTLER., of Massachusetts. The es-
timate for the general incidental expenses of
the fndian service in Arizona was $70,000,
and after examination the Committee on Ap-
propriations cut the estimate down to $50,000.
The estimate for the Territory of Colorado,
after careful consideration, was left as it was,
and tlje bill therefore appropriates the sum of
$25,000. The estimate fur the Territory of
Dakota was $20,000, and we cut it down to
$15,000. The estimate for the Territory of
Idaho was $20,000, and we also cut that down
to $15,000. We suppose that would make a
pro rata deduction, all other things being equal.
There are no more Indians and no more ex-
pense connected with the Indians in Idaho than
with the Indians in Dakota, and we have made
the appropriation in each case the same.
Mr. HOLBROOK. Now, Mr. Chairman,
there are some facts connected with the In-
dian affairs in the Territory , of Idaho, with
which I presume gentlemen of this House
are familiar. There are more Indians in the
Territory of Idaho than in any other separate
Territory in the United States. I presume
gentlemen are aware that the settlements in
Oregon have driven the Indians down the slopes
between the Cascade mountains arid the Rooky
mountains, and therefore the Indians which
gave so much trouble to the western coast are
now mostly confined within the limits of Idaho.
It is also within the knowledge of gentlemen,
I have no doubt, that General Augur has made
a treaty with the Montana Indians, by which
they are also to be driven from that Territory.
1 presume gentlemen are not unaware of the
fact that citizens of the Territory of Idaho
within the last two years have lost more prop-
erty because of the Indian war and Indian dis-
turbances than the people of all the rest of the
Territories combined. Why, sir, we have lost
more than two millions of property in a single
county of that Territory through the hostile
acts of the Indians. Now, these facts being
known to the House, I do not see why itshould
refuse to give to the Territory of Idaho for
general incidental expenses of the Indian ser-
vice an appropriation equal at least to that
which is given to most of the other Territories.
The Committee on Appropriations have re-
duced the appropriation for Idaho to the same
amount which is allowed to the Territory of
Utah, where they have not had an Indian war
for many years past. I therefore have moved
that the appropriation for Idaho Territory be
increased to $80,000, and I trust that there
will be no objection to the amendment.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 36, noes 33.
Air. HOLBROOK demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Scofield and
Mr. GoiXADAr were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes forty-six, noes not counted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let the
amendmentbe considered as agreed to, aud we
can take a vote on it in the House.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The Clerk read as follows:
Montana Territory:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in MontanaTerritory, presents of goods, agri-
cultural im piements, and oth er useful articles, and to
assist them to locate in permanent abodes, and to
Sustain themselves by the pursuits of civilized life, to
be expended under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, $15,000.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I move to strike out
"$15,000" and to insert "$80,000.'' The
amendment stands upon the same ground and is
supported by the same reasons which apply to
the amendment of the gentleman from Idaho.
All that the Delegate from Idaho said in refer-
ence to his Territory is true of the Territory of
Montana. Large numbers of Indians have been
within the Territory of Montana during the last
