ioo4
THE CONGBESSIG^AL GLOBE.
February US?
number of votes on both sides, and I supposed
that was the end of their duty.
The CHAIRMAN. Tbe tellers were not re-
leased, and ghoHld not hare left their places
until so ordered on the announcement of the
result by the Chair,
Mr- POLAND. What duty have the tell-
tm to. perform except to announce the vote?
■ The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
VevBioirt wishes to raise a question of order
the ©hair will endeavor to decide it; but he
will not enter 'into any controversy with the
gentleman. The Clerk will report the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holm an. }
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That the sum
necessary to pay the compensation of the female
clerks, as provided for in the first section of this act,
is hereby appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury sot otherwise appropriated.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment ; and upon a division there were—ayes
25, noes 43 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. PILE. I move that the committee now
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Wil-
son, of Iowa, reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, having
had under consideration the Union generally,
and particularly the bill (H. R. No. 1673) mak-
ing appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending the 30th June, 1870, had
come to no resolution thereon.
nickel-copper coinage.
Mr. KELLEY. I move that the rules be
suspended in order to allow me to report back
from the Committee on Coinage, Weights, and
Measures House bill No. 968, for the coinage
of nickel-copper pieces of five cents and under.
Pending the motion to suspend the rules,
CONSULAR, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, submitted
a report from the committee of conference
appointed upon the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses upon House bill No. 1576, mak-
ing appropriations for the consular and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1870, and for other purposes.
Mr. PILE. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at eleven o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
PETITION'S, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., wore presented
under the rule, and referred t# the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER : Resolutions of the New
York State Agricultural Society, praying that
the duty on anim-ils imported for breeding
purposes be abolished.
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of William
Rullmann, praying for compensation for losses
sustained in consequence of the occupation of
his property in Baltimore. Maryland, as a
camp by troops of the United States.
By Mr. CORLEY : The petition of Jesse
See, a citizen of Lexington county, South Car-
olina, for a pension for services rendered as a
soldier in the war of 1812.
By Mr. ELA: The petition of William A.
Parker, for restoration to the active list of the
Navy.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: A petition of the
officers of the Cincinnati Academy of Fine
Arts, praying that the authors of fine arts may
be protected by copyright.
By Mr. GOSS: The petition of G. Cannon,
a citizen of South Carolina, for remoyal of
political disabilities.
Also, the petition of Henry M. Price, a
citizen of Virginia, for removal of political dis-
abilities.
_ Also, the petition of Jacob H. Rriggs, a
citizen of Virginia, for relief from political dis-
abilities.
By Mr. HUNTER : The memorial of Mrs.'
Julia A. Nutt, of Mississippi, for legalizing a
trading permit.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania: The
petition of William T. Sedwick, guardian of
minor child of George F. Sedwick, deceased,
late sergeant of company K, sixth regiment
United States cavalry, for a special act allowing
his pension to commence at the date of his
father's death.
Also, the petition of Margaret Pizor, of
Mercer county, Pennsylvania, mother of David
W. Pizor, deceased, late private in company
D, eleventh Pennsylvania reserve corps, for a
special act allowing her pension to commence
from the date of her son's death.
Also, the petition of A. Dodds and 276
others, citizens of Butler county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for such an amendment of the
Constitution as shall recognize Almighty God
as the source of all authority in civil govern-
ment.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 25, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part,
when
Mr. BOUTWELL moved that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
No objection was made.
duties on copper and copper ores.
Mr. SCHENCK. I submit the following
resolution,.which is privileged under the Con-
stitution of the United States :
Resolved, Thatthe Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives be directed to present to the Secretary of State
the act entitled "An act regulating the duties on
imported copper and copper ores," together with the
certificates of the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives and Secretary of the Senate, showing that the
said act was passed by a vote of two thirds of both
Houses of Congress after the objections of the Presi-
dent thereto had been received, and after the recon-
sideration of said act by both Houses in accordance
with the Constitution.
The resolution was adopted.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The unfinished business
pending at the adjournment yesterday was a
motion submitted by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kelley] to suspend the rules to
enable him to report back from the Committee
on Coinage, Weights, and Measures House
bill No. 968, for the coinage of nickel-copper
pieces of five cents and under. Pending that
motion the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] submitted a report from the commit-
tee of conference on the consular and diplo-
matic appropriation bill. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. KELLEY. I yield for a few moments
to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Julian.]
MOSES p. shinn.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on the Public
Lands Senate bill No. 467, to confirm an entry
of land to Moses P. Shinn.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is a private bill, and
I think should take its chance with other pri-
vate bills. I therefore object to its considera-
tion at this time.
Mr. KELLEY. I now yield to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Pomeroy.]
national banks names changed.
Mr. POMEROY. Some time since the
House passed a bill (H. R. No. 1282) author-
izing certain banks therein to change their
names. The Senate has passed a bill precisely
of the same character—Senate bill No. 968. I
now ask that the Senate bill be taken up and
passed.
No objection was made ; and the bill (S. No.
968) authorizing certain banks named therein
to change their names was taken from the
Speaker's table, and read a first and second
time.
The first section of the bill provides that
the name of the " City National Bank of New
Orleans " shall be changed to the " Germania
National Bank of New Orleans" whenever
the board of directors of said bank shall accept
the new name by resolution of the board and
cause a copy of such resolution, duly authen-
ticated, to be filed with the Comptroller of the
Currency; provided that such acceptance be
made within six months after the passage of
this act.
The second section provides that all the
debts, demands, liabilities, rights, privileges,
and powers of the " City National Bank of
New Orleans" shall devolve upon and inure
to the "Germania National Bank of New
Orleans" whenever such change of name is
effected.
The third section provides that the name of
the "Second National Bank of Pittsburgh'7
shall be changed to the " Vilas National Bank
of Plattsburgh" whenever the board of direct-
ors of said bank shall accept the new name
by resolution of the board and cause a copy
of such resolution, duly authenticated, to be
filed with the Comptroller of the Currency;
provided that such acceptance be made withia
six months after the passage of this act.
The fourth section provides that all the debts,
demands, liabilities, rights, privileges, and
powers of the " Second National Bank of
Plattsburgh" shall devolve upon and inure to
the "Vilas National Bank of Plattsburgh"
whenever such change of name is effected.
The bill was then read the third time, and
Mr. KELLEY. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boctwell.}
public affairs in geo-rgia.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I am instructed by the
Committee on Reconstruction to report from
that committee the evidence taken by them
upon the condition of affairs in Georgia. It
has already been ordered to be printed by the
House, and 1 ask that it be laid on the table.
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly.
nickel-copper coin.
Mr. KELLEY. I now resume the floor, and
ask that the question be taken on my motion,
pending at the adjournment last night, to sus-
pend the rules to allow me to report back from
the Committee on Coinage, Weights, and Meas-
ures a bill (H. R. No. 968) for the coinage of
nickel copper pieces of five cents and under.
The bill contemplates the coinage of one, three,
and five-cent coins as substitutes for fourteen
representatives of value of the denomination
of ten cents and under which are no-w in cir-
culation.
The motion to suspend the rules was
to.
The SPEAKER. The question is now on
ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that from and after the 1st day of June
next, or sooner if practicable, there shall be
coined at the Mint of the United States, and
such of its branches as the Director of the
Mint, with the approbation of the Secretary of
the Treasury, may prescribe, the following
pieces, to be composed of copper and nickel
in the proportion of not less than twenty-five
per cent, nor more than thirty-three per cent,
of nickel, namely: a piece of one cent to weigh
one and one half grams, or twenty-three and
fifteen hundredths grains; a piece of three
cents to weigh three grams, and a piece of five
cents to weigh five grams, with such uniform
devices as may be fixed by the Director of the
Mint, with the approval of the Secretary of-tbe
Treasury; and such devices, when adopted,
are not thereafter to be changed by those offi-
cers ; and the present coinage of one, two,
three, and five cent pieces, whether of bronze,
nickel-copper, or silver, and the issue of Treas-
ury notes of ten cents is thereupon to cease.
