1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
80S
year. Many were brought there whom we did
not want, but the peace commission forced them
upon our people. I insist, therefore, that this
amendment should be granted for the purpose
of-enabling the Indian Bureau to support the
Indians in the Territory of Montana.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes forty-six, noes not counted.'
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I agree
that the amendment may be considered as
adopted, and we can have a vote on it in the
House. ■ 1 _
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The Clerk read as follows:
!For this amount, to carry out the action contem-
plated by act of Congress approved May 5,1804, enti-
tled "An act to vacate and sell the present Indian
reservations in Utah Territory, and -to settle said
Indians in Uintah valley, $5,000.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I move to strike
out " $5,000" and insert '• $15,000," audi do
so as an act of simple justice to the Indians
upon that reservation. It is a reservation quite
distant from any of the adjacent settlements
and there are large expenses attending the
transportation pf supplies for these Indians.
Some two or three years .since a law was
passed for the disposition of the reservations in
Utah Territory belonging to these Indians, but
for reasons which arise out of the interests of
the Indians themselves these reservations have
not been disposed of. By keeping them out of
the market the Indians will ultimately procure
a much better price for them. The reserva-
tions, however, not having been sold, has ren-
dered them poor. They are numerous and
are located upon this reservation. And, sir, I
take pleasure in saying that there are no In-
dians in the land who are more worthy of the
favor of the House than these very Indians ;
their chief, Washakie, is known throughout the
length and breadth of the country. Scarcely
an emigrant train for the last eight or ten
years has gone oveT\ the plains but has been
indebted to this Indian chief. He is a man of
good habits, and is such a man that if we had
more like hiui, whether among the pale faces
or Indians, we should have but very little
trouble and be better off upon the frontier. _ I
hope there will be no objection to increasing
the appropriation from $5,000 to $15,000.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish to
say a single word about this amendment. This
appropriation is for the purpose of carrying
out a treaty stipulation providing for the sale
of this reservation. The appropriation in the
bill is for $5,000. Last year the appropriation
was $15,000. I have not looked back further,
but I suppose they have had $15,000 every
year ever since 1864. We have never yet got
these Indians removed, although every year we
appropriate $15,000 for that purpose. The
Secretary of the Interior, in order to carry out
the action of Congress of ,1864, has - estimated
that $15,000 are needed, to carry on the work
successfully. Now, why do they not some
tirae or other remove these Indians, instead of
coming to us year after year for this appropri-
ation? We have already appropriated more
than sixty thousand dollars for this purpose,
and I think it is about near time that we should
put an end to it. I hope the amendment will
not be agreed to.
The amendment was lost.
The Clerk read as follows:
For subsistence, clothing, and general incidental
expenses of th e Sisseton, W ahpeton, Medawakanton,
and Waupakoota bands of Sioux or Dakota Indians
at their new homes, $50,000,
Mr. BURLEIGH. I move to amend by
adding the following proviso:
Provided, That these Sisseton, "VYahpeton, and
Medawakanton be removed from their present loca-
tion and placed in charge of their present superin-
tendent upon their nreservation.
I should like to know whether this appropri-
ation is for the purpose of keeping these In-
dians where they now are," or whether it is the
intention of the Government to locate them in
their new reservation upon the Missouri river'!
I should like very muehto be enlightened upon
this subject.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For payment of interest on $1,299,300, non-paying
stocks, held by the Seoretary of the Interior in trust
for various Indian tribes, up to and including the
interest payable July 1,1869, less two-sevenths of six
per cent, interest on $796,800, Virginia stock, for
the payment of whieh provision has been made,
$65,618 57. '
Mr. PRICE. I move to add the words " or
so much thereof as may be necessary." I do
not think the entire amount appropriated in
the bill will be needed for the purpose indi-
cated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For payment of interest on $15,000, abstracted
bonds, for the fiscal year ending June 30,1809, for
the Cherokee school fund, $900.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I move to strike out the
word "abstracted," and I should like to have
some explanation as to what is meant by this
expression "abstracted bonds."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Once we
ho,d a certain Secretary of War and a certain
Secretary of the Interior and a quantity of
Bonds which were the property of the Indians,
and were placed in the custody of the Depart-
ment, were' run away with and lost, and we
have become liable for the payment of interest
upon them ever since.
Mr. MULLINS. We do not understand yon
when you say certain men; give us their nam es.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. De mor-
tuis nil nisi bonum.
Mr. MULLINS. We will have to have a
Daniel to interpret that. [Laughter.]
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, I am in-
structed by the committee to move to insert
the following:
To pay expenses incurred in taking a census of the
North Carolina Cherokee Indians, $2,500.
Ihave only to say that that expense has been
incurred, and that this appropriation should
be made for its payment.
The amendment was agreed to.
. Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
move the amendment of whieh I have given
notice, and which I have permission of the
House to offer, to carry out treaties with the
Crow Indians:
For the construction of a warehouse or store-room
for the use of the agent in storing goods belonging to
the Indians, $2,500.  „nnn
For the construction of an agency building, $2,000.
For the building of a residence for a physician to
said Indians, $2,000.
For the construction of five buildings for oarpen-
ter, farmer, blacksmith, miller, and engineer, at
$1,500 each, $7,600.,
That amendment is to come in on page 24,
after line five hundred and sixty-four.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I move to insert '|and
to take a census of all the Indian tribes within
the limits of the States and Territories of the
United States, $2,000." Mr. Chairman, I will
say that there is a great discrepancy of inform-
ation, amounting to a difference of eighty thou-
sand, respecting the number of our Indian
population. It seems to me absolutely neces-
sary that we should have exact information in
reference to the number of Indians in this
country so that we may legislate intelligently
in reference to them.
Mr. GARFIELD. A committee has been
appointed to whom the general subject of taking
the next census has been referred, and this
amendment instead of being attached to this
bill should be referred to that committee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. _ I make
the point that the amendment is not in order,
as it provides for new legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order
comes too late.
Mr. BURLEIGH. It strikes me as a very
important matter that we should know the
exact number of our Indian population, and
I hope that the amendment will ba agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
only to say that in the case of the North Caro-
lina Tndians it was necessary to take a census
in order to know how" much we should pay
them per capita. There is a provision of law
by which the census of all Indian tribes has to
be returned ^very year where there are treaties
requiring us to know the number of Indians in
each tribe.
Mr: BUKIEIGH. I introduced the amend-
ment.™ order that Congress might have all the
information on this subject which was needed
but as it seems to meet with objection I with-
draw it.
The Clerk read as follows:
SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That all goods
and merchandise furnished any tribe o? band of In-
dians under the provisions of any act shall be turned
ovor by the agent or superintendent of such tribe or
band to the chiefs of the tribe or band in bulk and in
the original package, to bo distributed tothc tribe or
band by the chiefs in such manner as the chiefs may
deem best. .
Mr. TAFFE. I move to amend by inserting
at the end of what has just been read the fol-
lowing:
Provided; That such chieft have observed their
treaty obligations with the Government as before
stated.
Unless this amendment is adopted a disaf-
fected chief may take possession of all of this
property and distribute it only among his fol-
lowers. Injustice may be done in this way to
friendly Indians.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There is
a provision that none of the money appro-
priated by this bill shall be paid to any Tndians
who have not in good faith observed their
treaty stipulations.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sue. 3. A nd be it further enacted. That all acts and
narts of acts which authorize the Presidentor Secre-
tary of any Department to transfer the moneys ap-
propriated for a particular branch of that Depart-
ment to another branch of expenditure m the s me
Department be, and the same are hereby, repoaJod.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, -That whenever,
by sale of property of the United States appertain-
ing to any Department of the Government, or by the
payment of dues to thoU nited States appertainingto
any Department of thefiov^rnment, or by any other
moans whatever any moneys or valuableseourities for
the payment of moneys shall have been paid over or
come into the possession or under the control ot any
Department or any offieerthereof, the same shall not
be expended except in pursuance of appropriations
made by law: but all such moneys, specifically, and
without any deduction whatever, shall be p_aja into
the Treasury of the United States, and carried to an
account on the books of the Treasury denominated
the "surplus fund," and such securities shall bo de-
posited with the Treasurer of the United States to bo
disposed of according to law: and thoTreasurer shall
annually report to Congress all the sums of moneys
and securities, and whence received, under the pro-
visions of-this section.
Mr. PRUYN. I raise a point of order on
this section. I object to it on the ground that
a broad provision of this sort, applying to all
Departments and branches of the Government
cannot be appropriate in an Indian appropria-
tion bill, and ought not to be here.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains-—
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
Chairman to withhold his decision for a mo-
ment, whilel explain the reasonfor introducing
this section in this bill. This House, at a prior
session, passed almost unanimously ^ provision
substantially the same as this section—a pro-
vision which I know the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Pruyn] would, upon examination,
support as cheerfully as any other gentleman
in this House. But in the multitude of legis-
lation it was found impossible to get that pro-
vision enacted into a law. Hence, the Com-
mittee on Appropriations unanimously agreed
to insert the provision in this bill, in connection
with section five. There are large amounts of
public property sold, the proceeds of which
are not turned, as they ought to be, into the
Treasury; and thus the Government sustains
great loss. I am sure the gentleman from
New York will, as a matter of economy .as well
as of propriety, allow the House to pass noon
this question here. ,
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
