mi
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
Jro$a New York [Mr. P^utstJ insist an 'his
point ofrorder?
Mr. PliUYN". One word,of explanation. I
wanted to call the attention of the Hou^e to
Chis matter. I did not understand v/by thi?
.section was introduced here. If there is a sub-
stantial reason for its insertion, and if this pro-
posed legislation is proper, I certainly do not
wish to object to it. My purpose has been
attained by calHs&the attention pf;the House
to it. , I have no particular wi^h in regard to
the matter.. I' therefore withdraw the point of
ord§r. , - .
Mr. KERR'. I renew the point of ortjerrr
that the section proposes independent legisla-
tion, and is therefore not proper in tjris bill.
The CHAIRMAN.. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The section is clearly in viola-
tion of Rule 120/
The Clerk read as follows;
&Etf. 5, Amd be it further enacted, That whoever
shall offend against any of the provisions of this act,
or of any other act for the transfer, custody, disburse-
ment, or disposition ofi>ublic mouey or other public
property, for offenses against which no other penalty
has been prescribed by law, shall be punished, on
conviction, by fine not exceeding $10,000, and im-
prisonment not less than one year nor more than
twenty years, and shall thei«eaftorward ineligible
to any place of trust or profit under the laws of the
United States.
Mr. GARFIELD, I move to amend by add-
ing to the section just read the following:
Provided, That the provisions of this act shall not
prevent the sale of Army subsistence stores as now
authorized by law. !
I will explain in a few words the object of this
amendment. There are now in the United
States three hundred and fifteen commissary
posts or depots where stores are furnished for
the use of troops. At all those places, the
commissary, in accordance with the acts of
1805 and 1866, sells to officers and soldiers cer-
tain things pertaining to the subsistence depart-
ment, as, for iustance, tobacco, supplies for
their own tables, &c. This is done under
authority of law, instead of allowing sutlers in
the Army. The money raised in this way is,
under the existing law, used immediately by
the subsistence officers in the purchase of beef
and other supplies. If the pending section as
it now stands be adopted the proceeds of all
these sales will be required to be sent to Wash-
ington to go into the Treasury, while fum*s
which would have to be appropriated for the
purpose must be sent back to the Army for the
purchase of the very same articles to be sold
again. Great inconvenience to the officers
would thus result, and a very considerable
additional appropriation of money would be
necessary every year to carry on the operations
of the subsistence department. The money
which would be sent here to the Treasury by
the subsistence officers would have to be reap-
propriated and sent back. The present system
works admirably. I have never heard of auy
losses arising under it. Hence I trust the com-
mittee will see the propriety of my amendment.
1 submit a letter upon this subject, addressed
to the Committee on Military Affairs, by the
Commissary General of Subsistence ;
Office Commissary General op Subsistence,
Washington City, January 26,1869.
Sir: By the consent and authority of the Secretary
of War I have the honor to invite your attention to
section four, pages 66 and 67, of H. R. printed bill
1738. present session, making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending 30th June,
1870; and to request that Congress, through your
committee, may be invited to consider the great
inconvenience and difficulty there would bo in carry-
ing into effoct section four of this bill in its appli-
cation to the current operations of the subsistence
department of the Army.
Thero are at the present time about three hundred
and fifteen separate depots, forts, posts, stations or
places where the subsistence department has com-
missary stores on hand, and where they are con-
stantly, as from an open grocery, sold to officers and
to enlisted men for their personal use. There are
ateo at most of these posts, &c., occasional sales—
usually small of worn-out property, as scales and
other weighing, measuring, or other utensils,* also,
deteriorated and unissuable stores ordered to be
sold by an inspector, and occasionally of surplus
stores, the unavoidable accumulations consequent
upon the unanticipated movements of troops. There
is probably no day, other than the Sabbath, in an
posts; the money aiising therefrom being received
on the spot by the. officer responsible for the snores,
who duly and invariably-makes a monthly report of
the sales, stating the "store's sold, arid taking up on
his account current for the-month and duly account-
ing- for the- money thus received; the moneys thus
arising at each post becoming at onee conveniently
available for thft purchase of fresh beef or other
army supplies obtainable, at the several occupied
PQstSi most ofwhieh are so rejnpjte from the Treasury
and all other authorized 'places of deposit for the
public fijnds that it WQuld be difficult if not quite
impracticable to arrange any method by whicn all
such current and smalt-receipts from the daily sales
made thereat can be specifically paid into the Treas-
ury by the-officers accountable for them.
Could ail such fluids be readily returned to the
Treasury, instead of being used at tho several posts
for the purchase of other supplies for resale, it would
involve the necessity of % double and complex system
for the transmittaLoffunds; first to the several pbsts
from the Treasury for the purchase of stores, and
second, from the posts to the Treasury of ail funds
arising from sales.
tI respectfully submit that the present system works
conveniently and economically for the public service;
that all funds arising from sales are now fully .and
accurately accounted for. There are now very few
occasions for the hazards of loss by mailing, express-
ing, or other transmittal of funds, as most of the
officers on duty in the subsistence department at the
remote interior stations derive a sufficient amount
of funds for their local use from the authorized-and
constant sales made to officers and soldiers.
It wilt be> observed that this department makes no
estimate for appropriations to enable it to carry into
effect section six of the act of March 8,1865, author-
ising tobacco to be furnished to the enlisted men pf
the Army, or to enable it to carry into effect section
twcnty-iive of the aet of July 28,1866, so far as re-
quired under General Orders No. 79,'OfSeptefcaber 25,
1868, as would toe necessary if th« receipts frojusales
of tobacco under the former act, and the, receipts
from sales of articles designated by the Inspector
general nnderthelatter act, reverted to the Treasury.
Inasmuch as sales of these articles are made at cost
to tho subsistence department, the Army being onee
fully supplied, the investment of the funds in such
stock of goods constitutes a sufficient and perpetual
fund for these purposes, the same amount of funds
or capital perpetually working the round necessary
to carry on those branches of the service of the sub-
sistence department.
It is respectfully urged that this is for many reasons
better than the course of making annual or frequent
appropriations for these specific purposes.
Kor these and other reasons that will readily sug-
.gest-themselves, I respectfully submit that it is desir-
able that the sales of Army subsistence stores be ex-
cepted from the requirements of section four of H.
R. bill 1738. now under consideration by Congress.
[ have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, ' ^ -g EATON
-Commissary General-Subsistence,
Hon. James A. Garfield, Chairman Committee on
Military Ajfairs% House of ftepresentatives. ;
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
allow it to come in if anything could be effected
by it. If the fourth section had not bfcen
stricken out on the point of order raised against
it, then, perhaps, the amendraentof the gentle-
man from Ohio would have been necessary. I
think, however, that that section having been
stricken out, there is nothing upon which the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio will
operate. The first section provides that the
President or Secretary shall not transfer money
from one branch to another, as for instance from
the commissary to the quartern}aster's depart-
ment, and the fifth seelio.n' provides that any
one who shall violate this provision shall be
. punished. The amendment of the gentlemap
came under the fourth section, but unfortu-
nately the fourth section, which was calculated
to do great good to the country aud which has
been twice passed by this House, has been
ruled out on a single objection.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will confess that I pre-
pared ray amendment with express reference
to the fourth section of the bill. I hope, how-
ever, the gentleman will let the amendment
come in, and if it turns out that it is not neces-
sary I can then withdraw it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have no
objection to the gentleman offering his amend-
ment.
Mr. MULLINS. I rise to a point of order.
I make the point of order that this is new legis*
lation, and is therefore not in order'to a. gen-
eral appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of Oi*der
comes too late, the amendment having been
received and discussed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as .follows:
.Skc.5. Andbeit further enacted, That whoever shall
offend against any of the i>rov|sions of this act. or of
any other act for the transfer, custody, disburse-
ment, or disposition of pubUe.rdoneyor other public
property, for offenses against which no other penalty
has been prescribed by law, shall be punished, on
conviction, by fine not exceeding $10,000. and im-
prisonment not less than one year nor more than
twenty years, and shall thereafterward be ineligible
to any place of trust or profit under the laws of the
United States.
- Mr. STOVER. I move to strifee out the
words offend against" and insert in lieu
thereof i i shall be conyicted of any violation
of.-"
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WINDOMi I move the following amend-
ment}
And be it further enacted, Thatthere shall be estab-
lished five inspection districts of Indian affairs, as
follows: orre'to embracethe States-of California and
Nevada and the Territory of Arizona; one to em-
brace the State of Oregon and the Territories of
"Washington ancl Idaho-; one to embrace'the Terri-
tories of Colorado*Utah,-and New Mexico; one to
embrace tho State of Kansas, the Indian territory,
Nebraska, and Wyoming; and one to embrace the
State of Minnesota and the Territory of Dakota, apd
•the Territory of Montana: Provided, That the Secre-
tary of the Interior, under the direction of the Pres-
ident, may from time to time change the boundaries
of said Indian inspection districts.
Sec*—. And be it further enacted* That there be.
,and are hereby, created five boards of inspection of
Indian affairs, each to consist of three members; one
chief inspector, to be appointed by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
who shall hold his office for the term of four years;
one inspector, to be an officer of the regular Army,
who shall be annually detailed by the Secretary of
War for that purpose; and one, to bo annually ap-
pointed by, the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, from among such persons as
may be' recommended by the annual meetings or
'conventions of the religious societies or denomina-
tions of the United States a§ suitable persons,to act
ujion said boards; or, in case of their failure to'make
such recommendation,from su&h persons as he shall
deem proper. Each of said inspectors appointed by
the President shall, receive a salary of $4,000 per
'annum, in full for services, mileage, and all other
expenses, and the officer detailed to act as inspeetor
shall serve without additional pay or allowance as
such inspeetor, but shall be entitled to the same pyy
apd mileage and allowances as when employed in
"Tne military service.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
the duty of said boards of inspection to visit all the
Indian tribes within their respective districts atleast
once in each year; to examine into their condition,
and into the condition of their farms and schools; to
hear their complaints; to ascertain whether all the
stipulations of treaties are kept; and whether all
moneys, goods, and supplies are faithfully and justly
applied, purchased, and distributed; to examine in to
the books, accounts* and manner of doing business
of the superintendents, and agents within their re-
spective districts: to make diligent inquiry into the
conduct of the officers and employes of the--Indian
department, and int,o the conduct of the military
forces toward theflndians, with power to summon
witnesses, and by the aid of the military, who are
hereby directed to aid them, to compel their attend-
ance; $ach member of said board being authorized
to administer oaths; and said board shall be author-
ized to suspend forcause any officer or employ^ of the
Indian department in their respective districts, sub-
ject to tho approval of the President. And said board
shall report annually, or as often as may be required,
to the Secretary of the Interior, and in all cases of
suspension from office hy said board of any officer or
employe of the Indian department said board shall
make immediate report thereon in writing, stating
the cause thereof, for Ihe action of the President.^
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That all superin-
tendents of Indian affairs, all Indian .agents, and the
chief inspectors to be appointed under this act, in
addition to the powers now conferred by law, shall
also possess all the powers and perform all the duties
now conferred by law upon circuit court commis-
sioners or court commissioners in all cases or mat-
ters wherein any Indian tribe, or any member of anv
Indian tribe, shall beconcerned or be a party. And
that in all matters or proceedings wherein any Indian
tribe, or member of an Indian tribe, shall be con-
cerned or be a party, the testimony of Indian wit-
nesses shall be received in all courts and before all
officers of the United Stated.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, Thatthe salaries of
all Indian agents who reside in the Indian country
upon reservations or among the Indians of their
agency shall hereafter be fixed at the sum of $1,800
per aunum. , .
Sec.—. And beit further enacted, Thatno member of
said board of inspectors, during his continuance in
office, shall, in any manner whatever, become en-
gaged in any business connected with trade or inter-
course with Indian tribes, or with any jnembcr of
any Indian tribe, or become in any manner interested
therein. And upon entering upon the discharge of
their official duties said inspectors- shall take the oath
of office now prescribed by law,
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute.
