THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
and silver. The act of 1861 made provision to
tneet that difficulty. I haye no objection to
this being reduced to an amount of fifty cents
or twenty-five cents, but there will be no way
of settling differences below ten cents if we do
not make these legal tender for small stuns. If
we should adopt twenty-five cents, the amount
o£the smallest silver coin, all sums lower than
that will be incomputable in any of the currency
of. the country. It is to meet that exigency,
that- necessity, that these must be made legal
tender for a certain amount. I hope my col-
league will modify his amendment so as to say
in sums of not more than twenty-five cents, so
as to cover the practical difficulty.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. That does not relieve
the constitutional difficulty.
Mr. WOOD WARD. The principal does not
depend upon the amount. It is just as vicious
in regard to twenty-five cents as in regard to
one dollar. The inconvenience to which the
gentleman alludes does not practically exist.
There is no practical inconvenience in regard
to these small debts. When legal tenders are
demanded, something more than a dollar is
due and something more than a dollar is de-
manded. I do not believe the gentleman ever
knew an instance of a legal-tender demand of
less than a dollar. I am sure I never did.
Mr. KELLEY. I have known them, and I
have known a refusal to receive the bulk of a
debt in gold because there was a larger amount
than the law covered in base coin, it being
under a dollar.
Mr. WOODWARD. Did you ever know an
instance in which a creditor to whom a dollar
or less than a dollar was due demanded that
dollar in legal tender ?
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sir: I have known
persons like Sir Giles Overreach, who wanted
to drive out a poor tenant or do something
else, take advantage of the least technical point
of the law and object because a fraction of the
amount offered in payment of a debt was not
legal tender.
Mr. WOODWARD. I did not ask the gen-
tleman to go into romance ; I asked him about
practical facts in actual life.
Mr. KELLEY. Although taking the name
of a hero of tragedy I answered that I had
seen real personages so act.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. As the difference be-
tween gentlemen upon the one side and upon
the other seems to be a principle upon the one
side and mere convenience on the other, I
hope the gentlemen from Pennsylvania will
yield and allow this section to be stricken out.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania has allowed the amendment to be
offered. The bill being a report from a com-
mittee he cannot accept it.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I desire to in-
quire of the gentleman from Pennsylvania if the
bill proposes anew issue of coin in addition to
the currency of the country or if it is merely
to supply the place of paper currency to a cer-
tain extent ?
Mr. KELLEY. It proposes the emission of
new coins to absorb the fourteen different rep-
resentatives of value less than ten cents; merely
to take the place of the others and simplify the
currency.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Is there any
limit to the amount?
Mr. KELLEY. I have already stated that
there is a practical limitation in making it re-
deemable, so that if the Government issues an
excess it will come home for redemption and
rest in its own vaults. I now call the previous
question on the bill and amendments.
- The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, being first upon the
amendment offered by Mr. Pile to the amend-
ment reported from the Committee on Coinage,
Weights, and Measures.
Mr. PILE. I modify my amendment so as
to read:
And in the purchase of the said materials prefer-
ence shall be given to domestic production if at a
cost not exceeding twenty per cent,, more than the
foreign materials.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to—ayes one hundred and two, noes not
counted.
The amendment of the committee, as amend-
ed, was then agreed to—ayes one hundred and
seven, noes not counted.
The next question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Woodward, to strike out the following :
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted. That any of the
coins provided for by this act shall be a legal tender,
except for duties on imports, to tho amount of one
dollar in any one payment, and no more.
The question was taken; and the amend-
ment was not agreed to upon a division—ayes
twenty-one, noes not counted.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. KELLEY. My colleague on the com-
mittee, the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Judd,] desires to be heard on a single point.
I therefore yield to him before I call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. JUDD. I desire but a moment or two
in relation to the constitutional question started
by the honorable gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Woodward.] That question was
discussed in the committee that reported the
bill now under consideration, and I propose
. to state the views of the committee upon it.
The Constitution of the United States pro-
vides as follows, among other things, in the
powers delegated to Congress:
"To coin money, regulate the value thereof, and
of foreign coin, and fix Lhe standard of weights and
measures."
Under that provision no reference is made
to the material out of which the coinage of the
United States shall be made. It is no restric-
tion upon the power of Congress in regard to
the material out of which the coins shall be
made. Now I will read to the House the pro-
vision referred to by the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania among the restrictions upon
the powers of the States. It is the following:
"No State shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or
confederation; grant letters of marque and reprisal;
coin money; emit bills of credit; make anything but
gold and silver com a tender in payment of debts."
Therefore the objection of the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania applies to the
prohibition of powers to the States in relation
to making and emitting anything else than coin
asa tender in the payment of debts. But there
is 110 restriction in the Constitution as to the
power of Congress to make coin out of what
they see fit.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Will the gentleman
point to the provision of the Constitution
where the express power is granted to Con-
gress ?
Mr. JUDD. I thought I had done so. The
language of the Constitution is that Congress
may "coin money, regulate the value thereof,
and of foreign coin." There is not one word
in the Constitution, so far as it relates to the
! powers of Congress, which indicates whether
| the coin shall be of gold, silver, copper, or
nickel.
Mr. WOODWARD. Allow me to suy one
word in reply to thp gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. JrDD.]
Mr. KELLEY. Certainly.
Mr. WOODWARD. Instead of offering any
argument of my own in reply to my friend from
Illinois I will offer an argument which ought
to have more weight with him than any argu-
ment I could advance. T refer to the argument
! of Daniel Webster on the Treasury specie cir-
j cular, in which he demonstrated that the States
I had no power to make anything but gold and
| silver a legal tender because of a constitutional
j inhibition, and that, the Federal Government
I had no power to make anything else than gold
I and silver a legal tender from defect of power.
| In the one instance the power was not granted
! and in the other it was denied. Theiefore, if
j the opinion of Mr. Webster is authority, the
argument of the gentleman from Illinois is good
> for nothing.
Mr. KELLEY. I now call the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. KELLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECORDING A VOTE.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the rules be
suspended to allow me to record my vote on
the bill (H. R. No. 1744) to strengthen the
public credit, and relating to contracts for the
payment of coin. I was sick yesterday when
the vote was taken.
The rules were suspended; and leave was
accordingly granted.
Mr. GARFIELD. I vote "ay."
LEAVE TO PRINT.
Mr. CARY obtained leave to have published
with the debates remarks on the bill (H. R.
No. 1744) to strengthen the public credit, and
relating to contracts for the payment of coin.
[See Appendix.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, obtained leave to
have printed with the debates remarks on the
bill (H. R. No. 1625) to extend the bounda-
ries of the States of Nevada, Minnessota, and
Nebraska, and the Territories of Colorado,
Montana, and Wyoming. [See Appendix.]
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
Mr. CH URCHILL asked and obtained leave
to withdraw from the files of the House, with-
out leaving copies, the papers relating to the
application of Daniel W. Sims for a pension,
heretofore referred to the Committee on In-
valid Pensions.
LIGHTING THE OLD HALL OP THE HOUSE.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I ask unani-
mous consent to submit the following resoltv
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Accounts be in-
structed to inquire into the expedieney of causing
gas-pipes, with electric gas-burners with lava tips,
to be placed over the old Hall of Bepresentatives,
to be lighted by electricity from the battery now in
use for lighting the Dome, Rotunda, and this Hall,
and, if the same shall be deemed expedient, to au-
thorise the work to be done under the direction of
the architect of the Capitol extension, and that the
expense be paid for out of the contingent fund of
the House: Provided, That the same shall n&t exceed
the sum of $1,200.
Mr. ARNELL. I object.
CONSULAR, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BROOKS. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes, as
the regular order, the consideration of the re-
port of the committee of conference on the bill
(H. R. No. 1570) making appropriations for
the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1870,
and for other purposes. The report will be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the bill
(H. K. No. 1570) making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending Jane 30,1870, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses aa
follows:
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Sen-
ate numbered 6, 7,1>, 14, 22, 32, and '6% and agree to
the same.
That the Senate recedc from their amendments
numbered 27, 30, and 31.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the second amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows: At the
! end of said amendment add the following, and to
continue while acting a* minister to Uruguay;" and
the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-eighth amendment of the feenate, ana
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows?
Strike out ail of said amendment, and insert inUsu
thereof the following :
And be it further enarfed. That the President is,
on the recommendation ot the Secretary of tho Treas-
ury, authorized to cau^e examinations to be made
into the accounts of the consul nr officers of the united
Sriites, and into all matter* connected with the busi-
ness ot their said oihce«, and to that end he may ap-
point such agent or ajjeiit* .!.•> inuv he necessary tor
that purpose; and any aguot, vrUeo so appointed
