1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1MB7
under the seal of the Treasury Department, shall,
for the purpose of making said examinations, have
authority to administer oaths and take testimony,
and shall have access to all the books and papers
of all consular officers. And any agent appointed in
this behalf shall be paid for his services a just and
reasonable compensation, not exceeding five dollars
per day for the time necessarily employed, in addi-
tion to his actual necessary expenses, the same to be
paid oat of the sum appropriated for expenses of
collecting the revenue, but no greater sum than
$5,000 shall be expended as compensation of such
agent or agents in any one year. And the President
of the United States shall communicate to Congress,
at the commencement of every December session, the
names of the agents so appointed, and the amount
paid to each,together with thereportsofsucli agents.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the amendment of the Senate numbered 1, and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows :
strike out all of said Senate amendment and insert in
lieu thereof as follows:
Provided, That instead of a minister resident ac-
credited as heretofore, a commissioner shall be sent
to the Governments of Honduras, San Salvador,
Nicaragua, and Costa Rica, in Central America, and
to the Governments of Ecuador, Bolivia, Peru, and
Uruguay, ill South America, at a salary not exceed-
ing ¥300 a year each.
And in lines sixteen and seventeen, page 1 of the
bill, strike out " §316,000 " and insert in lieu thereof
"$270,500;" and theSenate agree to the same.
BENJAMIN F. BUTLER,
WILLIAM H. KBLSEY,
Managers on the part of the Ilouse.
L. M. MORRILL.
TIMOTHY O. HOWE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I demand
the previous question on the adoption of the
report of the committee of conference.
Mr. BANKS. I trust the gentleman will
not insist on the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a point of order.
If I understand the report of the committee of
conference, it proposes to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to appoint agents to ad-
minister oaths, to audit accounts, &c., which
is new legislation, and was not referred to that
committee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is not
introduced in the report of the committee of
conference for the first time. If the gentle-
man will look at the eleventh page of the con-
sular and diplomatic appropriation bill No.
1570, he will find that this provision was passed
by the House. It went to the Senate and was
there struck out. It is now reported in this
conference report.
Mr. BROOKS. Is it in the original bill?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is.
Mr. BROOKS. Then I withdraw my point
of order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We au-
thorize the President to do what the Secretary
of the Treasury was authorized to do. 1 de-
mand the previous question.
Mr. BANKS. 1 trust the gentleman will
not press his demand for the previous question.
There is one amendment that ought to be con-
sidered. The Committee on Foreign Affairs
want to express its opinion of it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I insist
on the demand for the previous question, for
want of time. I wish we could discuss it.
Mr. BANKS. I hope there will be good
nature enough to let us have some consider-
ation of this amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We have
no time for good nature. I should like to
debate the question myself. I insist ou the
demand for the previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
54, noes 54 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Butler, of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Baxks were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 07, noes 70.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I do not know
that ^understand the question just as it is pre-
sented to the House in the report of the com-
mittee of conference ; but I wish to call atten-
tion to the fact that the report on the part of
the Senate is not signed by the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations of that body.
He does not sign it, and one of the eonferces
on the part of the House does not .sign the
report. It is not, therefore, a unanimous re-
port.
Now, sir, if it were not that there are mate-
rial objections to one amendment in the report
of the committee of conference I should not
trespass upon the time of the House for one
moment. Itis a question whether the Govern-
ment of the United States shall be represented
as at present in the Central and South' Amer-
ican Republics. The amendment approved
by the House, and which was struck out by the
Senate, reduced the eleven ministers resident in
the Central and South American States to three,
accrediting those three to certain Central and
South American States and making up the rep-
resentation by other diplomatic officers. The
Senate disagreed to that amendment. By the
report of the committee of conference it is
adopted in another form, which is to reduce
the eleven ministers resident at the Central and
South American States to four; one to Guate-
mala, one to Venezuela, one to New Granada,
and one to Chili, and commissioners are to be
appointed as representatives of the Govern-
ment of the United States to the other Central
and South American States. We object to this
because it is legislation on a most important
subject, affecting our interests in Europe, Asia,
and America in one of the general appropria-
tion bills without an opportunity to consider
it fully and carefully in all its extent, in all its
bearing by the appropriate committees of the
two Houses. We object to it on that ground.
We object to it on another ground. As far
as it goes it is partial and unjust. It leaves
full representation at places where it is not
required, and withdraws it from places where it
is required. If there is any one thing the Uni-
ted States ought to do it is to be fully represented
at the republican Governments upon this con-
tinent. First, because their destiny is our des-
tiny, and again that their interest is our interest.
We might well spare a portion of our repre-
sentatives in Europe, but we ought not to re-
duce our representatives on this continent,
especially our representatives to Central and
South American States, either in number or
rank.
It may be asked why the Committee on For-
eign Affairs has not presented this question
to the House. The committee of the Senate
more than a year ago, at great expense of
time and money, obtained full information on
all these subjects, and with careful study and
deliberation they have prepared a bill upon this
subject. When that shall come here we pro-
pose to give it a fair and full consideration.
Then is the time for legislation on this subject.
It was not becoming or proper for the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House when
this question was pending in the Senate, it
never having been referred to us in any man-
ner whatever, to anticipate the action of the
Senate ou the question or to present any other
measure on the subject than that which would
react upon that body, and for that reason we
have been waiting patiently and very properly,
I think, for the action of the Senate upon this
question, embracing all its considerations.
Now, sir, let me ask the attention of the
House to one fact. What does this bill do in
regard to Central America? It reduces the
number of our ministers in those States to one,
who is accredited to Guatemala. I think there
ought to be a minister at Guatemala. It is the
parent of the Central American States, the first
discovered by Columbus, and we could not with-
draw a minister from that republic without giv-
ing reasonable and just ground of offense to the
Government and people of that republic. But
there are others just as much requiring repre-
sentation as G uatemala. Nicaragua is the the-
ater of the operations of the French Govern-
ment, both for railway and canal across the
Isthmus. Honduras also is a country where
we have as great interests as we have in Nica-
ragua. It is a State where England is seeking
to establish a canal across the Isthmus. Costa
Rica has one or two propositions for a railway
at. present, and ultimately for a canal. And in
New Granada, which is provided for in this
bill, and of which I will speak.pregently, there
is a proposition for a canal on the part of the
United States.
Now, here is an isthmus that connects the
North and South American continents, which
is the most important point of transit between
the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, the point of
transit between the European and Asiatic con-
tinents, of whieh the civilized world is strug-
gling to obtain control and mastery, and where
this day Europe is sending its very best men to
represent the European interests; and yet the
Government of the United States, upon the
mere consideration of dollars alone, and that a
very unimportant amount, is withdrawing its
representation.
Now, sir, I hold that this ought not to be
done. It ought not to be done either hereafter
or now. If there is any one interest that the
United States Government ought to ascertain
by its ablest men and with its most constant
endeavors, it is to know what is going on in the
Central American States in regard to the ulti-
mate solution of this great problem of the Pa-
cific and Atlantic transit.
So much for the Central American States.
Now look at the South American States. There
are three ministers given to those States—one
to New Granada, one to Venezuela, and one
to Peru.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. One at
Chili.
Mr. BANKS. One at Chili. That was put
in instead of Peru.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And one
at Brazil and one at Paraguay.
Mr. BANKS. None at Paraguay; that is a
commissioner. There are but four.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I beg
pardon, there are four of these alterations.
Mr. BANKS. There are but four ministers
accredited to the South American States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, you
are mistaken ; there is one at Venezuela, which
is provided for in the bill; one at New Granada,
which is not cut off by the bill; one at Chili,
and one at the Argentine republic.
Mr. BANKS. I understand not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I beg par-
don ; look at the bill. There is one at Brazil
and one at Paraguay now.
Mr. BANKS. That makes four.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Six, if I
understand it.
Mr. BANKS. If the House will attend a
moment, I will show that these South American
ministers are reduced by this report to four,
namely, atNew Granada, Venezuela, Chili, and
Brazil. There are two ministersat Paraguay and
the Argentine Republic, but if this conference
report is adopted they will be cut off. That
will leave the number of ministers resident of
the United States in South America to these
four States—Brazil, New Granada, Venezu-
ela, and Chili. Now, sir, if we are to have
ministers in these four republics, why do we
take away the ministers from the other repub-
lics ? I want the gentleman who has charge of
this bill to answer me that question. Why do
we give a minister to Peru and deny one to
Chili?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is just
the other way. Wo give one to Chili and deny
it to Peru.
Mr. BANKS. Then why give one to Chili
and deny one to Peru? What claim has Chili
over Peru in this regard ? The bill as it passed
the House was much better. It accredited
ministers to Peru and also to the other repub-
lics. But this report of the committee of con-
ference proposes to withdraw even these accred-
ited ministers, and to leave South America,
with a population of twenty millions, with min-
isters at only four of the republics in that
part of the world, and send commissioners to
the others. Why is it that one republic is
entitled to a minister and the others only to
commissioners.
Mr. Speaker, whatever raav have been ODr
