1869.
T  GONGRISSIO'NAT, GL0BI.
80S
Mr, -COBB, I make' the point that this is
independent legislation. ' l!
Mr. G-ARPIEIiD. Does not the point of
order come too ;tate, other business having
intervened?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Wisconsin rose to the point of order at the
same time the gentleman from Ohio took the
floor. .
Mr. COBB. . Lam, in. favor:of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, but allow-
ing the amendment of the gentleman from
Minnesota to come in would not necessarily
permit his amendment to be.offered.
Mr. GAkFIBLD. Yes, sir; I can offer it
as an amendment to the amendment of the
gentleman from Minnesota..
Mr. COBB. I ask the Chair to rule on the
question. . ,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will rule on
it at the proper time.
Mr. RANDALL. I insist upon the poiut
of order.
The CHAIRMAN. TheOhair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. WINDOSt. I offer as an amendment
an additional section, which,I send to the Chair.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the committee rise. :
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Wilson, of Iowa,
reported that the Committee' of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the bill (H. R. No. 1738) making
appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending 30th June, 1870, and
had come to no conclusion thereon.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence for one week was granted
to Mr, Griswold ; also, for to-night, to Mr.
Gary, on account of ill health; also, for to-
night, to Mr. Prtjyn, on' account of illness in
his family. . .
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave of
absence for to-tiight and to-morrow night,
leave to-print. .
Leave to print remarks on the condition of
affairs in Louisiana was granted to Mr. News-
ham. [See Appendix.]
amendment to the constitution.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I ask unan-
imous consent to introduce a joint resolution
proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
order OF business.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would inquire if it is
understood-that the tix bill is to be considered
this evening?
The SPEAKER. That is the order of the
House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is not printed, and I
would inquire of the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means how it is expected that
we are to consider it without having the bill
before us?
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that by unan-
imous consent the evening session be dispensed
with.
Mr. RANDALL. The chairman of the com-
mittee is not iff his seat.
The SPEAKER. The chairman of the com-
mittee is just-coming in. Is there objection
to dispensing with the evening session to-night?
Mr. SCHENCK. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD. I made the motion be-
cause my colleague was not here, supposing- he
would have no- objection under the circum-
stances.
Mr. RANDALL. Is the bill printed ?
Mr. SCHENOK. It was printed at the last
session, and we find enough left of the old
copies, including the pamphlet edition, to sup-
ply every member. They- will be laid on the
desks of members to-night.
' Mr. ELDRIDGE. How can the bill lie con-
sidered without the regularly printed bill?
Mr. SCHENCK, The pamphlet edition will
be laid on the desks of members this evening
so as to take away all excuse. , ,
Mr. BENTON. Members may think they
cannot follow it.
Mr. SCHENCK. Any man ipho can read
can follow it. [Laughter. ]
lINCO.tN MONVMJSNT ASSOCIATION! .
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill (H.'R. No. 1881) to
authorize the- Secretary of War to place at the
disposal of the National Lincoln Monument
Association, at Springfield, damaged arid cap-
tured ordnance was referred to the Cornniifc-
tee on Military Affairs.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H, R. No. 1857) to repeal sec-
tion two of an act entitled. "An act .making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1868,
and for other purposes;" which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
DAVID sr. PUOII.
Mr. MUNGEN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill' (H. R. No. 1858) granting a
pension to David N. Pugh, of company B,
twenty-seventh regiment United States colored
troops; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on In-
valid Pensions.
oleeks' and attorneys' pees.
Mr. CHURCHILL, by unanimous consent,,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1859) to regulate
the fees to be allowed cle?ks an,d' attorneys, in
the circuit and district courts of the United
States; which was read a firstand second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the various bills were referred;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The hour of half past four p. m. having ar-
rived, the House took a recess till half past
seven, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
internal taxes.
The House reassembled, pursuant to order,
at half-past seven o'clock p. ra., in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scofield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1060) to re-
duce into one act and to amend the laws relating
to internal taxes.
The, CHAIRMAN stated that the reading of
the bill for amendments would be resumed
where it was suspended when the bill was last
under consideration in Committee of the Whole,
commencing with the one hundred aud twenty-
first section.
The Clerk read as follows :
Lotteries.
Sec. 121. And be it further enacted, That every lot-
tery manager and dealer in lottery tickets shall' pay
a tax of five per cent, on the gross amount of there-
ceipts from his business as such; and shall, witlim
ten days after the first day of each and every month,
make and render a return in duplicate to the proper
assistant assessor of the gross amount of his sales,
with the amount of tax due thereon; to -which re-
turn shall bo annexed a declaration, under oath or
affirmation, in sueh form and signed by such person,
officer, or agent as may be prescribed.by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue that the same is true
and'correct, and every such managrer and dealei:
shall, on or before the 20th day of each month, pay
to the collector or deputy collector of the proper
district the amount of said tax for the mouth pre-
ceding. Any manager or dealer failing- to make such
return, or failing to pay such tax at the time herein
required, shall, for every sueh default, be subject to
and pay a penalty of $5,000. or on conviction, be im-
prisoned one year. No raffle or drawing ofP"znel
shall be held to be a lottery within the
this act,«nor the *ale ot the n^ketsorjianpeathere
for to be a dealing in lottery tickets^ when ^
ah own by proof satislfft<*ory to the Goiiltfii^oner
Internal Revenue, before iuch rafSeor cfrawinMakes
place, that tire entire proceeds thereof ate be ap-
plied, and after sueh jaftle .or drawing, has taken
place, that the,entire proceeds navopeea applied to
the relief of the sick, wounded, or iloor, or to some
other sfxscifiiiA.By charitable, or religious object: bat
every other raffloor drawing of. oha-noes, for any ob-t
j ector purpose whatever, shall beheld to be a lottery
and 'sivbjBet to all the provisions and penalties of law
as sueh.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike Out the
wofd"five" in' line three and to insert
"twenty" in lieu thereof; so that it will read,
I'that every lottery manager attd dealef in
lottery tickets shall pay a tax of twenty per
cent, on fh'e jgross amounts of his receipts from
his business as such," &c.'
Mr. 'SCHENCK. If the gentleman will
turn to the special taxes to be found on page
101 of the printed bill he will find that a
special tax upon managefs of lotteries has been
imposed, which is quite as large an increase
probably on the present tax as he would him-
self desire. The -present charge upon dealers
in lottery tickets, including managers of lot-
teries, is $100. We provide how by this bill,
in the part already passed over by the commit-
tee, thatlottery managers shall eaehpay $3,000.
Th en, dealers of lottery tickets are each required
to pay $100, the managers giving bonds, as
will be observed here in the regulation of lot-
teries, for the good conduct of the dealers and
their faithful performance of the requirements
of the law. Five per cent., then, on gross re-
ceipts, with $3,000 instead of $100 as a special
tax on lottery managers, we thought was quite
enough, and I am glad to be able to say that
having had lottery managers before tts we com-
pelled them to admit that on account of the way
in which we had regulated this matter against
illicit dealing in lottery tickets they would be
content to pay $3,000 instead of $100, together
with five per cent, on their gross receipts. The
gentleman from Indiana had probably not ad-
verted to the fact that we have put the special
tax at $3,000.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I had not noticed that the
amount of the special tax was as large as the
gentleman has mentioned. I supposed it to
be $1,000, But it seems to me that a very
large per centage ought to be imposed on the
gross receipts of this businessj whatever may
be the amount required to be paid for licenses
by these lottery dealers. I am willing, how-
ever, to modify my amendment so as to make
it ten per cent, on the gross receipts instead
of twenty per cent. I certainly would not
willingly see it put at less, so far as I am con-
cerned. I think the highest amount should
be raised from this business that it is capa-
ble of yielding. The business is injurious to
the country, destructive of public and private
morals, and ought to be taxed to it's highest
^he question was put on Mr. Ho mi ax'a
amendment; and there were—ayes 7, noes 10 ;
no quorum voting. . ,
Mr. HOLMAN. I am not disposed to insist
oil a division to the extent of breaking up the
committee; I therefore withdraw the amend-
ment. I now move to strike out the words " or
religious," in the twenty-eighth line, and to
insert " or" before "charitable;' so that it
will read:
No raffle or drawing of prises sha" be held to bo a
lottery within the meaning of this aet, nor the sale
of the tickets or chances therefor to be a dealing in
lottery tickets, when it shall bo shown by proof satia-
factory to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
before sueh raffle or drawing takes place, that the
entire proceeds thereof are to bo applied, aud aftor
such raffle or drawing ha? taken place, that the enure
proceeds have been applipd to the relief of the siJi,
wounded,or poor, or to someotherspccihc or o writ-
able object; Tmt every other raffle or drawing of
chances, for any object or purpose what ever, shall be
held to be a latter^ and subject to all the provisions
and penalties of law as suoh.
It is not impossible to imagine a charitable
purpose which might be promoted by a thing
of such doubtful morality as these lotteries ;
but the idea of their promoting in any way the
rejtgion of the country is utterly intolerable;
and, as having some interest in the standing of
the religious world, I protest against the us0
of the words in this connection.
