THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February- 25,
interest heretofore in this part of the world,
from this day forth it is to be different and
greater. The industry, the products, the com-
merce, the trade of these Republics are to be
increased. They are introducing the new
methods of transportation by canals and rail-
ways, and the productive wealth of those States
is to be vastly greater than it has been here-
tofore. Up to this time we have had but little
share in it. Great Britain and Prance have
taken nearly the whole. The reason of that
is apparent. We have been represented in
these States in the past history of this country
by men who had very little care for the devel-
opment of the commerce of the country. The
representative power has been mainly directed
and controlled by the South, and the result of
our representation has been that the commerce
and productive wealth of these countries has
been transferred to Europe, and we have had
but a slight share of it.
In the future, with proper representation,
this condition of things will be changed. The
Government is now in the hands of men who
represent those who are devoted and will be
hereafter devoted to the interests of product-
ive industry and commerce, and with proper
representatives at those Governments their in-
creased products will be largely to the United
States instead of being carried, as now, three
or four thousand miles across the water to
Europe. Their railways, their canals, the roads
that they are making into the interior, the
improvement of the navigation of their rivers,
all tend to the development of their product-
ive wealth, and with proper representation
we shall have our share of that trade here-
after. Gentlemen may say that we ought to
have had it heretofore. Well, sir, it is per-
haps true that we ought to have had it, but the
reason we have not had it is very apparent.
We have not struggled for it. Europe was first
in its representation at these republics. It
has always been represented there by its very
best men. The Emperor of the French has
sent to Chili and Peru within a very short time
some of the ablest of the diplomatic represent-
atives of France. England has upon the Pacific
coast one of the best lines of steamers ever
constructed, and they are thus, and have been
for a hundred or two hundred years, maintain-
ing their commercial interests in this part of
the world while we have neglected ours alto-
gether. Itis not surprising, therefore, that they
have maintained that which was theirs entirely
at the start, or that we should not have in-
creased ours when we have not given our atten-
tion. to it. In the future, however, we cannot
by any possibility fail of having an increase in
trade and commerce between the UnitedStates
and thast part of the American continent.
There is a stronger reason why we should not
withdraw our ministers at this time. There
has been a contest between the American re-
publics on the Pacific coast and the Govern ment
of Spain, which still continues. The United
States has offered its mediation, and that medi-
ation has been accepted.
Now, I ask the House upon what theory, or
by what show of justice, when we have offered
our mediation between these republics and
Spain, can wewithdraw our representatives and
send officers there of the character to which I
have referred ? The same is true of the repub-
lics on the Atlantic side of South Anferica.
We have offered our mediation between Brazil
and Paraguay, and that mediation has been
accepted. Yet, at the very moment when our
mediation is accepted, we withdraw our repre-
sentatives from those republics in a manner
which must give offense.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Paraguay
and Brazil both have ministers residents now.
Mr. BANKS. Yes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And the
report of the committee of conference does not
propose to withdraw them.
Mr. BANKS. The report of the committee
of conference cuts off the minister to Para-
guay.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It does
not.
Mr. BANKS. Lot me look at it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Well, look
at it.
Mr. BANKS. If I am wrong I will acknowl-
edge my error to the House. With what show
of justice can we now withdraw our represent-
atives there ? And what is it proposed to send
in the place of our ministers ? Commissioners.
The amendmentproposed by my colleague, [Mr.
Butlek,] who now has charge of this question,
when the bill went to the Senate provided that
where a minister was withdrawn from any of
those republics the minister to some other re-
public should be accredited to the republic
from which a minister had been withdrawn.
There was under that arrangement some show
of representation provided for ; but there is no
such provision in this report. Instead of a
minister we are to send a commissioner. Now.
in international law there is no such diplomatic
officer known a3 a commissioner.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly.
Mr. PAINE. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question for information. I desire to know
whether this report proposes to send a com-
missioner to each of the Central American
and South American States, or only one to the
Central American States and one to the South
American States?
Mr. BANKS. I understand the intention
to be to send a commissioner to each of the
States named.
Mr. PAINE. The language of that portion
of the report is as follows:
Provided, That instead of a minister resident, ac-
credited as heretofore, a commissioner shall be sent
to_ tho Governments of Honduras, San Salvador,
Nicaragua, and Costa Riea. in Central Ameriean, |
and to the Governments of E'juadur, Bolivia, Peru, I
and Uruguay, in South America. |
I desire to understand whether it is intended !
to send two commissioners to all those States \
or one to each of them? !
Mr. BANKS. I understand that the prop- '
osition is to send a commissioner to each re- j
public from which a minister resident is with- J
drawn. Now, what is a commissioner? In 1
the list of diplomatic officers established by I
the treaties of Europe, and we are bound on j
this subject by those treaties, there is no such !
diplomatic officer known as that of commis- I
sioner. I could easily obtain a list of those j
officers, but a commissioner is not amongthem. |
Of the many hundred diplomatic officers of the j
United States in different parts of the world ,
there is not now anywhere a commissioner. I
I know very well that commissioners have !
been occasionally appointed by this Govern- !
ment to transact its business with foreign na- l|
tions from the beginning of the Government. j
Commissioners have been appointed to nego- !
tiate treaties, to arrange the details of treaties i
negotiated by appropriate diplomatic officers, !
to run boundary lines, to examine the condition
of other countries, to adjust claims of citizens,
and to perform a great variety of duties re- |
garded as expedient or necessary by the Gov- :
ernment. But they have never been regarded !
as strictly diplomatic officers. We have had
commissioners also who have been charged
with diplomatic and other offices and duties. i
The United States, by its statutes and by its :
treaties with foreign nations, has provided
sometimes for and appointed commissioners. I
Such commissioners were appointed to China ]
and Japan, countries that were then regarded j
as barbarous, unchristian nations, not recog- j
nized by the family of Christian nations. And j
when we provided diplomatic representatives
for those countries—China, Japan, and Tur-
key it was upon a basis peculiar to itself, and
not under any general international diplomatic
regulations. For instance, the commissioner
to China was a diplomatic officer. He was also
a judicial officer. He was also an executive
officer. He was also a legislator. He had the
powers of these four distinct classes of officers,
and was properly called a commissioner. He
was not a diplomatic officer protecting all
American citizens under the laws of China, or
Japan, or Turkey, as he did in other countries.
But the commissioner to China, within the
limits of five ports of China, executed the laws
of the United States, extended our statutes
there. If our statute laws were not sufficient,
he extended our common law ; and when the
common law was not sufficient, he was author-
ized to legislate, in the American sense of the
word; for American citizens in the five ports
of China, where he was authorized to act. He
was therefore an officer representing the United
States in what was then considered a barbar-
ous and unchristian country, not recognized
by the family of Christian nations; and he
exercised powers in these four capacities as a
diplomatic officer, a judicial officer, an execu-
tive officer, and a legislative officer. In the
statute passed upon this subject in, I think,
1848 it was distinctly declared that he was to
be held responsible in these several and dis-
tinct capacities. Hence he was not in any
sense a diplomatic officer exclusively. In the
four capacities already mentioned he was to
carry out our laws so far as they had been
extended to that country by treaties or under
statutes of the United States. A commis-
sioner is very properly appointed to discharge
duties of this kind; but we have no such case in
the Central American or the South American
republics. We have established there the ordi-
nary diplomatic intercourse and representa-
tion ; and if we withdraw our minister resi-
dent and send there a commissioner, an officer
not known to the diplomatic law of the coun-
try, and never charged with diplomatic duties
pure and simple, we shall give cause of offense
to these republics, and we shall be called upon
to make suitable explanations of the reason
and policy of our action. If it be deemed best
that we shall not continue to send to these
republics diplomatic representatives let us with-
draw them; but let us not send officers un-
known to the diplomatic service or the diplo-
matic law to these friendly States 011 this con-
tinent who have the same interests to maintain
with regard to commerce and government that
we have.
Then, sir, look at Paraguay. Every member
in the House is familiar with the transactions
occurring in that country within the last few
months. Our ministers have apparently been
driven from the country ; their attendants ar-
rested and imprisoned ; cut off from all com-
munication with the people of this country. I
do not know what may prove to be the exact
state of facts in regard to this matter. If they
are as reported to us in official communica-
tions this country would be justified in terminat-
ing all intercourse with Paraguay and declaring
war against that Government. What is pro-
posed by the committee of conference? It is
that, after withdrawing our minister resident,
we shall not terminate all communication with
that country, not declare war, but send a com-
missioner.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
not so.
Mr. BANKS. If it be not so, then I will
make amends to the House for misleading it
as to the facts. 1 understand the purpose is to
send there a commissioner, an officer unknown
to diplomatic regulations, because of the saving
to be thereby effected. Now, what is the saving
that is to result from this great change in our
policy, a change applying alone to the repub-
lics on the American continent? What is to be
saved by it? Not more than forty thousand
out of a hundred or a hundred and forty thou-
sand dollars. By this change, so suddenly
sprung upon us, and affecting so greatly the
interests of this country in the Central and
South American republics, we save $40,000
and no more.
I do not contend that we should continue
indefinitely our system of representation as it
exists in those republics; but I say that the
saving proposed is not sufficient to justify us
