TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25^
Their destiny is not our destiny. It may be
our destiny that we shall have to take care of
them; that is One thing. When that time
comes I shall be willing to do my share of the
■work 5 hot I object to patting ourselves on an
equality with them by this diplomatic repre-
sentation.*
Nowletus go a little further and see what is
thfe ground on which the five ministers resident
ar£to be kept there. Itis to protect and enlarge
ofif commerce. Now what do gentlemen sup-
pose is 0%r commerce with Peru to-day ? Less
than $2,000,000 of imports and exports, all
told, backward and forward. What is the
exteiit of the commerce of Great Britain with
Peru? About seven million dollars. And what
bind of representation has Great Britain in
Peru ? A charge d'affaires. What kind of a
representative have We there ? A full minister.
Now take the country of Chili. What com-
merce have we with that country, including the
commerce of the Pacific coast? About one mil-
lion six hundred thousand dollars. How much
has France with that country? About four
million dollars. Who represents us there? A
minister resident, a gentleman traveling about
this country delivering lectures, a minister
plenipotentiary and envoy very extraordinary,
I grant you. What representation has France
there? A consul general only. So the rule
in South America seems to be that the less the
trade the bigger the diplomatic representation.
What trade has anybody with Ecuador ? None
at all. What trade has anybody with Bolivia?
None at all. What trade have we with Peru?
A trade in guano only. Now I should think
that guano was a matter that might be looked
after by a commissioner. It seems to me to be
an article that does not require a full minister
resident. [Laughter.]
Now let us go back to Venezuela. A con-
stituentof mine, a ship-master and a sailor, had
his schooner on the coast of Venezuela. The
people of that Government seized his crew
and imprisoned them. He started back with
his schooner, but being short-handed it was
wrecked in a storm and lost among the West
India Islands. My constituent made applica-
tion to the State Department for reclamation
on the Government of Venezuela. What an-
swer do you suppose he received? We had
nominally a minister there, and had paid his
salary for something like seven years con-
secutively. The answer lastSeptember was that
our minister was not there; that we had no
such relations with Venezuela that we could
make any reclamation.
Now, I ask where was our minister? I see
before me a gentleman who knows whereof I
affirm, the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Prtjyn.J On inquiry I was told that the min-
ister had gone away. With whom had he left
his business ? He had found a very intelli-
gent young gentleman who was traveling there,
and turned all the business of the legation
oyer to him, while the minister went off about
his own business and pleasure. And I am free
to say, and I do say, I trust without prejudice,
that young man did the business a great deal
better than it would have been done had the
minister remained there. This young man
carried on the whole business without any sal-
ary. And yet we are to hold on to this sort
of representation, are we? Why, sir, you can
pick up a reliable traveler at any time to whom
to intrust this business. We may not always
be so successful as was our minister to Vene-
zuela. But we can pick up a traveler at any
time and get our business done better than it
is done with our resident ministers. In mak-
ing this statement I affirm that whereof I know.
One gentleman in this House knows the exact
troth of the statement.
Now, let us go a little further into this mat-
ter. It is said that itis our interest to continue
these high diplomatic relations with these
several States. But, as we see, they do not
reciprocate. It is said that our interests in the
great highway of the world, the Isthmus, must
he protected by seven ministers to seven little
States that do not own any part of it. To this
my answer is that we have just concluded a
treaty which secures us the only practicable
route across the Isthmus. It is said that all
Europe has been trying to get the control of
those States. Well, sir, Spain is not trying;
RussiS. is not; Turkey is not; Greece is not;
Austria is not; Prussia is not; Switzerland is
not; Sweden is not; Norway is not. What
nations then are trying to get the control of
those seven States? It maybe said England
and France are trying. -How are they trying?
One by being represented by a charge d'affaires,
the other by a consul general only. These
nations have no officer of any higher rank in
those countries, where we propose to send,
instead of a full legation, a commissioner at
the pay of $3,000 a year. Let me say again
that I do not believe in paying even this much,
bat I feel obliged to assent to the proposition
in order to meet the views of my friends in the
Senate.
Now, let me say another thing. -The report
which was filed in the Senate July 2, 1808, and
which I have read, proposes a bill which we
have carried ont almost precisely so far as we
have been able. If gentlemen say to me that
our missions in Europe ought to be cut down
I heartily assent to the proposition. In cutting
them down I will go as far as he who goes
furthest. I think that nine out of ten of those
missions are about as useful as a fifth wheel to
a coach.
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will permit me. I desire to make a
single remark. I have been listening atten-
tively to this discussion, because I desire to
get all the information that can be obtained.
But, sir, in answer to the inquiry of the gen-
leman from Massachusetts as to the utility of
sending ministers to these small Governments,
I wish to say that according to my understand-
ing our reason for sending ministers to these
South American States has been that they
have been trying to establish republican insti-
tutions like ours, and that we desired to en
courage them in this effort; we desired to
draw them to ns as children of this great
Republic of ours. We have not been influ-
enced by any pressing necessity for ministers
in those States, or by any great amount of
business there ; but we have believed it proper
to extend over these infant republics a fatherly
or, if you please, a maternal care; and we
desire to have thoroughly amicable relations
with them. This is the idea I have enter-
tained in reference to this question. If there
is any other theory 1 have never known it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Logax] is quite right
as to the theory upon which we sent these min-
isters originally. When a Spanish colony had
declared itself a republic we sent a minister
to it in order to give it full recognition, in
order to show our sympathy with it, and in
order to protect it against the Government of j
Spain. Bat I call the attention of my friend
from Illinois to the fact that this reason has
passed away. The parent Government, Spain,
is to-day weaker than either of these republics.
Republican institutions are no longer in any
danger on this continent. The smallest one
of those States is to-day stronger than the
Government of Spain.
Another reason why it is alleged that we
should send ministers to those republics is that
we may draw them to us. Why, sir, that
sounds very well when we consider the recent
action of this House. When one of the young
republics adjacent to this country, San Do-
mingo, came here and asked us to receive her
we would not take her; nor would we agree
to take her when she should come in the most
formal manner.
AH the eloquence of my friend from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Basks] could not persuade us
to take it, and yet we should have been glad
to have had it for one reason, if for no other,
that it laid close to us. I do not want Pata-
gonia : T do not know who does. T did want
the Dominican republic. She lies at our door'
she is a part of this continent; she belongs
to the northern and not to the southern con-
tinent; she is under our wing. When she
comes and asks us to take her I am ready to
meet her. Yet we have never had anything
but a commissioner there.
Ah, the word "commissioner" troubles my
friend. He says that it is not a diplomatic
word ; he tells us that there is no such thine
known to our statutes as "commissioner."
Now, let me refer him to the statutes of the
country, and a little reading of them will do
him a great deal of good. On the 18th of
August, 1856, the law was passed which is the
foundation of our present diplomatic system.
It enacts that "all embassadors, envoys ex-
traordinary, and ministers plenipotentiary,
ministers resident, commissioners, chargij d'af-
faires, and secretaries of legation appointed to
countries hereinafter named shall receive," &c.
Embassadors and envoys extraordinary and
ministers plenipotentiary it was provided should
receive the full amount specified, and minis-
ters resident and commissioners seventy-five
per cent., and chargfe d'affaires fifty per cent,
of the pay of a full minister. This, then, shows
that commissioners are recognized in the stat-
utes as of the same grade among diplomatic
officers as ministers resident.
We sent a commissioner to China. But the
gentleman tells us that she was not civilized.
She was civilized centuries and tens of cen-
turies before South America was known to any
portion of the present civilized world. She is
to-day far more civilized than the countries
which are to-day half Indian and half Sambo
or two thirds mestizo.
Does the gentleman mean to say that Hayti
is not civilized? Does he mean to say that we
]l send a commissioner to Hayti and not a min-
ister because she is not civilized? That cer-
tainly would be a new argument for this side of
| the House. The color of the inhabitants is by
no means darker in Hayti than it is under the
i equator in Ecuador and Bolivia. Does he mean
to say that we send a commissioner to the Sand-
wich Islands because the Sandwich Islands are
only half civilized? No, sir. When we send
commissioners we send them where we need
the exercise of diplomatic, executive, and judi-
cial powers, and these half civilized nations are
precisely the places where I want our repre-
| sentatives to have diplomatic, executive, and
judicial powers to protect our citizens. Those
powers are centered in a commissioner.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let us see exactly where
we stand. We sent to the Senate one proposi-
tion of retrenchment and reform. It was a
measure of economy. They did not agree to
it; they sent it back to us. This House, by a
vote of ninety to thirty-two, refused to concur
in the action of the Senate. What did we do
then ? We sent it back to them and asked for
a committee of conference. That committee
of conference came together and agreed to a
compromise proposition on the basis of the
Senate bill. That proposition is now before
this House in the report which I have just sub-
mitted. I may say that the proposition on which
we compromised was presented by one of the
Senate committee, and we of the House agreed
to it after a long and animated discussion.
To this proposition there was no disagree-
ment except on the part of the chairmen of
the two Committees on Foreign Affairs, one in
the Senate and one in the House. If ever I
impute motives, which I never do when I can
help it, I should say that the trouble was this:
they felt if we should make this reform in the
diplomatic service in this way it might possi-
bly be a reflection on them that they had not
done it, and therefore they were anxious that
we should go on and pay this $135,000 a year.
I say $185,000. The salaries are $73,000 and
the other expenses are very large, with an ex-
change sometimes against usof fifteen per cent.,
all these salaries and expenses having to be
paid in gold.
Now, was not this a place where we could
