808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
statute-book, some three years ago. I would
like to retain the one hundired and, thirty-
second section' amended asthe committee pro-
pose to amend it, if there is any'means of en-
forcing it when we have no longer any; control
over coal-oil fey taxation.
Mr. MOOBHBADv I move to insert what
I send to the Clerk's desk in lieu of what the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr, Sohenok] proposes
to strike ont. It will moot the point that the
honorable gentleman from.Massachusetts [Mr.
Hooper] wishes. My 'amendment is a bill
which I introduced, and which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means. The
committee have not since examined it. I ask
that what I propose to insert may now be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That from and
after tho passage of this act there shall be levied and
collected, in such manner and under such regulations
sis the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe, a
tax of five cents upon every barrel of distilled or
refined coal-oil or petroleum which shall be of the
quality marked number one, as hereinafter provided ;
and a tax of ten cents upon every barrel of such dis-
tilled or refined oil or petroleum which shall not
be equal in quality or grade to number one; and
upon every barrel of benzine, bonzole, naphtha, gas-
oline, and all other like products of coal-oil or petro-
leum, and upon every barrel of crude coal-ojl or pe-
troleum ; and there shall be levied, and collected a
tax of-—cents upon every gallon of such distilled or
refined oil or petroleum which shall not he equal in
quality or grade to number one; and upon every gal-
lon of benzine, benzole, naphtha, gasoline, or other
like products of coal-oil or petroleum in the hands
of any person or persons other than the refiner or
manufacturer thereof having the saiiie for sale.
Sec. — And beit further enacted, That the Secretary
of the treasury shall appoint inspectors of distilled
or refined coal-oil or petroleum, whose duty it shall
he to examino and inspect and designate the quality
of the products of all coal-oil and petroleum that
shall be distilled or refined in any State, Territory,
or district in the United States. And if any person
shall sell or rcroovefrom any distillery or refinery, or
any establishment where eoal-oil or petroleum lija
been distilled or refined, any refined or distilled oil,
without complying1 with the provisions of this act,
sueh oil so sold or removed shall be seized and for-
feited to tho use of the United States ; and any per-
son orpersonsso ofifendingshall bosubject to a penalty
of $1 ,(M30, which shall be reoo verod bofore any court of
competent jurisdiction, one half of sueh penalties to
go to the informer.
Sec. — And be it further enacted. That in order to
ascertain the quality of distilled orrefined coal-oil or
petroleum, it shall be submitted by the inspectors
aforesaid to the process known as the "fire test,"or
such other mode of testing by which its quality shall
be ascertained, as shall be approved by the Secretary
of the Treasury; and all such oil when so tested,
which will not ignito at a lower temperature than
ono hundred and ten degrees of the Fahrenheit ther-
mometer, shall be designated as number one refined
oil; and all sueh oil which will ignite at a lower
temperature than one hundred and ten degrees, when
tested as aforesaid, arrd all benzine, benzole, naphtha,
gasoline, and other likeproduots of ooal-oil or petro-
leum, and all crude eoal-oil, or petroleum, shall be
designated by othor and higher numbers in such
manner as shall be approved by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Skc. —. And be it further enacted. That before any
such distilled or refined oil shall be taken from tho
premises whero it has been distilled or refined it shall
be put into good, tight iron-hooped barrel? or casks,
or barrels or casks equal in strength and security to
such iron-hooped barrels or casks, and the heads of
all barrels or casks containing oil which will not ig-
nite at a temperature lower than ono hundred and
ten degrees by the test aforesaid, shall bo painted
white; and thero shall be marked thereon, in plain
black letters, the name of thoperson or the company
who distilled or refined the same, and the name of
the works, and the place where it was distilled Jor
refined, and also the name of the inspeotor who in-
spected the oil, and the number designating its qual-
ity. And all sueh distilled or refinod oil which will
ignite at a lower temperature than one hundred and
ten degress, when tested as aforesaid, andallbonzine.
benzoic, naphtha, gasoline, and all other dangerous
products of coal-oil or petroleum, shall be put into
barrels or casks of the quality aforesaid, a-nd the
heads thereof shall be painted red; and tho nameof
the person or the company who distilled or refined
the same, and the place where distilled or refined;
also the name of the inspector who inspected the
same, and the appropriate number designating the
quality of the contents of such barrel or cask, shall
be marked thereon in plain white letters; and all
crude coal-oil or peoroleum which shall be barreled
or put into.casks, shall be put into barrels or casks
of the quality aforesaid, the heads of which shall be
painted red,and the contents shall be marked thereon
in plain white letters; and every person who shall
ialsely mark, or cause to bo falsely marked, any sueh
barrel or casks, or who shall put into any such barrel
or cask the head or heads of which are painted white,
and marked with blaek letters oil which will ignite
at a lower temperature than ono hundred and ten
degrees when subjected to the test aforesaid, or who
shall put any snob oilor any benzine, bonzole. naptw
tha. gasoline, or other like dangerous product of
eoal-oil or petroleum', or crude coal-oil or pbtrolsum,
into-any barrel or cask thatshall notbe painted and
marked in accordance with the provisionsof thisaet;
and if any person shall put or.cause to be put any
such oil of an inferior quality; or benzine, benzole,
naphtha, gasoline or other like products of coal-oil
or petroleum or Crude coal-oil' or petroleum, into
any barrel or cask,'the color or marks upon whiph
indicate the contents thereof as being of a higher
quality; or if any person shall sell any sueh article
or product without stating to the purchaser the true
character of the same, siich person or persons shall
he subject to the penalties imposed by the second
section of this act; and if any explosion, fire, or other
disaster shall occur by reason of-any such violation
of'this act such person or persons so offen/lin« shall
be further punished by imprisonment for a period not
to exceed ten years. , -
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That each in-
spector appointed under the provisions of this act
shall be paid at the rate of three cents per barrel or
cask for every bafrel or cask he shall inspect; and
for every barrel or cask of oil whiph shall he inferior
in quality to number one oil; and for every barrel
of benzine, benzole, naphtha, gasoline, or other like
products of eoal-oil or petroleum, he shall be paid at
the rateof three cents per barrel; which shall be paid
out of the revenue received under the provisions of
this act, in such manner as the Secretary of the
Treasury shall prescribe.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall make such rules and reg-
ulations as-may be necessary to secure the proper
execution of this act: and may from time to time
cause special examinations to be made into the ad-
ministration thereof.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That all moneys
collected by virtue of this act shall be paid into the
Treasury of the 0 nited Stat es; and separate accounts
thereof shall he kept; and said moneys, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, is hereby appropriated
for the payment of the expenses of carrying into
effect the provisions of this act: and all officers of
the Treasury Department shall render sueh services
in connection with the enforcement of this act as the
Secretary of tho Treasury shall prescribe.
Mr. ^OORHEAD. This bill was prepared
by the supervising inspectors, or some ofthem,
who held a session here reoently. It was pre-
pared mainly in consequence, I believe, of the
great disaster and lbss of life by the collision
of steamboats between Louisville and Cincin-
nati some time since, where it appears that
the entire destruction of life was caused by the
coal-oil that was on board those boats and
took fire, and not only burnt the boats but
about a hundred passengers. It is a subject
that has been agitated throughout the country
for a great while. We scarcely take up a news-
paper in which we do not find accounts of
accidents by burning and the loss of life by
those inflammable and destructive oils. These
supervising inspectors got together and pre-
pared this bill; they took it to the Treasury
Department and submitted it to some of the
officers of bureaus there, by whom it was ex-
amined and reviewed, and then it was brought
to the House and delivered into my charge. I
introduced it and it was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means and ordered to be
printed. Gentlemen who want to examine it
will find it on their files, House bill No. 1810.
I think it covers the whole ground fully. I
know it was prepared by men who understood
the subject and felt the importance of prepar-
ing something that would, in the words of the
title ofthebill, "provideforthebettersecurity
of life and property from the dangers of coal-
oil, crude petroleum, and their products."
Now, as the tax upon coal-oil had been en-
tirely taken off by Congress, it was alleged that
we had not jurisdiction over this question, and
therefore it was thought proper to put on a
slight tax. I would say to my friend in the
chair, [Mr. Scofield,] that gentlemen who
refine oil, the oil dealers, have been consulted
on this subject and approve of this bill—that is
to say, the honest ones and those that make a
good article—as it does not come in collision
with their interests at all. They are all anxious
that there should be something done to prevent
the use ofthis inflammable and bad material that
is sold over the country. It was thought best,
therefore, to put on a light tax that will pay the
expenses of inspection. That is all that the
bill proposes. The amount charged for in-
spection will about pay the inspectors and give
the Treasury Department jurisdiction and con-
trol over the question. I hope the House will
adopt this amendment in plaee of what it is
proposed to strike out.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, I move
to amend the amendment by inserting at the
end of the fourth section the following :
And it shall be unlawful to convey any coal-oil or
petroleum on any railroad train, steamer, or other
conveyance while carrying passengers.
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to a question of
order. I should like to know the state of this
question, I understand that the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means has, in the
first place, offered an amendment striking out
several sections. Then the gentleman from'
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Moorhead, j my colleague
on the committee, has offered an amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. He wants to insert that
in lieu of the part I propose to strike oat.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schbkok] moves to strike out; the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Moobhead]
moves to insert an amendment in lieu of the
part proposed to be struck out; and the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr, Hooper] moves
to amend the amendment, which is in order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to call the
attention of my colleague on the committee to
a point conueeted with that one hundred and
thirty-second section ; that is, whether as a
piece of criminal legislation simply, we have
jurisdiction to act otherwise than by an excise
regulation?
Mr. SCHENCK. The morel reflect upon
this subject the more I am inclined to think
that we ought to be satisfied with simply strik-
ing out all on the subject of coal-oil. We have
given up all special tax on coal-oil, and that
product now remains classed generally among
the manufactures of the country, subject to a
tax on the sales, there being no tax on the pro-
duct itself. Having given up the special tax,
we have lost that hold upon the subject which
would naturally connect the tax with any pro-
vision on our part as to the quality of the
article to be sold or any provision against acci-
dents that may occur by selling an article which
ought not to be put upon the market. I have,
therefore, following the former legislation of
Congress on the subject, moved to strike from
the bill this whole subject.
My colleague on the committee [Mr. Moor-
head] proposes to insert a number of sections-
bringing coal-oil again under the supervision
of Congress as a subject of legislation,' in order
to get hold of the commodity for the purpose
of taking measures to prevent accidents and
punishing this criminal misconduct npon the
part of those who mix and sell an explosive
article. The object is a good one; but there
is, it seems to me, one fatal objection to the
whole measure. This is a bill for revenue;
that is a police regulation. This is a bill im-
posing taxes for the purpose of raising revenue
to carry on the Government; that is a measure
providing for putting certain charges upon coal-
oil in its transit and in t]ie mode in which it
is put upon the market for the purpose of using
the money thus collected to pay the expense
of certain inspections designed to prevent ex-
plosions. In other words, the object is to bring
this question within the criminal law in order
that those who manufacture explosive articles
shall be subject to punishment for putting them
upon the market. Such legislation belongs
-rather to the Committee on Commerce, rank-
ing appropriately with those efforts which are
made to prevent the explosions of steamboats
or steam-boilers, and requiring for ftiis pur-
pose an inspection of all steam-boilers and
steamboats. Such a measure is not appro-
priate as a part of a revenue bill. It is a
police bill, not a revenue bill.
I think, therefore, we had better keep the
present bill intact, excluding from it all that
relates to anything else than revenue; and at
some suitable time let my colleague on the com-
mittee either bring forward his bill from the
Committee of "Ways and Means, acting in con-
cert with the Committee on Commerce, or let
it be:reported from the latter committee as a
separate piece of legislation allying itself in its
nature with those provisions establishing an
