1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
inspection of steam-boilers and steamboats,
requiring their construction according to cer-
tain improved methods to prevent explosions,
and providing punishments for infractions of
these regulations. My objection to the whole
thing at this time is that it is a police measure,
not a revenue bill.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I would ask the gen-
tleman whether the fact of, our putting a tax
upon the barrels for inspecting does not give
us jurisdiction over the subject?
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand that; I
know that is a mode resorted to to get control
of the subject. But still that tax, as the gen-
tleman himself admits, is simply a charge like'
the charge for the inspection of the boiler of a
steamboat. It is a charge not at all for reve-
nue, but to pay the expenses of carrying out
certain police regulations. Andasitissimply
a police regulation, with such charges provided
for by law as may be necessary to meet the
expense of carrying out this police regulation
of the subject, it seems to me it should be left
just where we leave steamboats, steamboat-
boilers, and other thing3 of the kind, by the
inspection of which, under laws relating to
commerce, we endeavor to protect our citizens
against being injured by the criminal negli-
gence of persons having to do with those things.
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to oppose the
amendment to the amendment. I desire to pur-
sue in another direction the line of argument
which my colleague [Mr. Schenck] has been
making to the House. I allude particularly to
this section, one hundred and thirty-two in the
original hill, which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hooper] thinks should be re-
tained in the law. I am not an advocate of
the modern notions on the subject of State
rights. But it seems to me that the States of
this''Union can more readily provide a police
regulation like this. They can take direct juris-
diction of it as a police matter, while the only
way in which we can get legitimate jurisdiction
of the subject is by some legal fiction like this,
pretending to tax when we do not wish and do
not intend'tatax. Now, everything desirable
can be readily and directly reached by the
States themselves. If they do not do it, it
simply shows that the importance of this mat-
ter has not been sufficiently impressed upon
them to lead them to believe in the necessity
of it. We could do it. of course, so far as it is
connected with the commerce and transporta-
tion of our mails. But I do not see how we
e:in do this thing without an unusual stretch of
our authority ; and we are compelled to get up
a pretense of taxation for the purpose of secur-
ing the people against explosive compounds.
Now, it seems to me that is going a great way
to reach a matter which the State authorities
can attend to themselves.
Mr. BECK. -Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. BECK. The bill mentioned by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Moorhead] is
a bill to provide for the better security of life
and property from the dangers of crude oil,
petroleum, and other explosive compounds.
Is not that bill now before the Committee of
Ways and Means, and cannot it be as well
reported ajjd acted upon as a separate bill as
to act upon it now as an amendment to tliis bill?
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 do not understand that
it has been referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. BECK. It has been so referred.
Mr. GAREIELD. I was not awaro of that
fact; but that does not alter the real nature of
the bill.
Mr. BECK. My question is, can it not be
as well reported as a separate bill as to be
offered as an amendment to this bil. ? j
Mr. GAREIELD. Certainly. If the bill is i
to be acted upon at all it should be acted upon j
as a separate bill; but I do not believe in our I
acting upon it at all. I sh&ll certainly vofe
against it here.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr.- Hooper, of Massachusetts ; and
it was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Mookhead-.
Mr. NIBLACK. I do not expect to make
any very serious opposition to this amendment.
I take the floor at this time more for the pur-
pose of saying that I am opposed to making
any further, limitation in the objects of taxa-
tion. I am satisfied, on looking at matters in
the light of subsequent events, that we made
a mistake last spring in taking the tax off of
manufactured articles, as we did uncondition-
ally, and especially in a separate bill. I think
we ought not to have done so except as a part
of the system of taxation, both internal and
external.
Some years ago, when taxes were levied
upon manufactured articles, the manufacturers
ca"me to Congress and asked for more protec-
tion by increased rates of tariff upon the im-
ported articles. They told us that unless addi-
tional duties were imposed upon imported
articles they would,not be able to bear the taxes
which were levied upon our own domestic
manufactures. -Now, by the bill of last session
we have taken o£F the taxes upon our domes-
tic manufactures. The duties are still levied
upon the imported articles, and we find a great
indisposition to secure that just equilibrium
which ought to exist between internal and ex-
ternal taxation.
I believe, therefore, that we shall have to
recede on that question, and instead of further
limiting the area of taxation we shall have to
enlarge it. I believe myself that sound policy
will require, unless we can curtail the expenses
of the Government, that we shall restore the
tax on manufactured articles. We will have to
do something, sir, to replace the revenue which
we lost by the repeal of this tax. If we have
made a mistake in going so far as we have in
taking off the tax on manufactured articles I
do not think we should go further by taking off
the tax in this instance.
We must have revenue, sir, to meet the
expenses of the Government, and with our ex-
penses as they now are I believe that in order
to meet them we will have to tax with an un-
sparing hand. Indeed the only means by which
the credit of the Government can be sustained
is by taxation, and there is no use to try to
blink the truth/. I shall therefore, as at present
advised, vote against relieving any one from
taxation until we know what our present taxa-
tion will result in. I do not wish to make any
invidious discriminations against coal-oil or any
other article, but in the present state of our
finances I feel constrained to vote against reliev-
ing coal-oil or any other article from taxation.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania by
inserting one cent instead of five cents per bar-
rel; and I move this amendment for the pur-
pose of saying that I am opposed to the principle
of the bill for the same reason that I advocated
the repeal of the tax on coal-oil. It was urged
all through as a reason why the tax ou coal-oil
should be repealed that it had the effect to pre-
vent the easy transmission of this article to the
consumers. In the absence of the defender of
the poor man's-light I feel that it is my dutyto
make an appeal in behalf of the consumers of
coal-oil that they shall not be taxed at all. In
the next place, I wish to say a few words in
reply to my friend from Indiana, who seems to
take a very gloomy view of things.
Mr. CULLOM. Is not the gentleman from
Iowa stealing the thunder from the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield,] who now
occupies the ehair?
Mr,. ALLISON. I said that I made the
remark I did because of the absence of the
gentleman who has always defended the coal-
oil interest.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I wish to say in reply
to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr, Niblack,]
who seems to take a gloomy view of " things in
the last days of the present administration;
that in a few weeks we hope to have a faithful1
administration under General Grant of the rev-
enue laws which are now iji existence; and I
am confident, with a faithful administration of
the. revenue laws, revenue sufficient will be
raised to pay not only the current expenses of
the Government, but to pay each year a large
installment of the national debt, which this side
of the House believe ought to-be paid and
ought never to be repudiated. Now, sir, I
oppose the proposition of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Moorhead,] because it will-
have the effect to extend this army of inspectors
who will go about, taxing this oil, not for the
purpose of putting money into the Treasury
of the United States, but only for the purpose
of receiving revenue sufficient to pay the ordi-
nary expenses of this service. It may be true
that there should be some police regulation by
which those who transport this oil to the con-
sumers should be prohibited from transporting
it in reckless disregard of human life. Bat,
sir, I do not think it necessary that we should
at this time go into all the machinery of a law
lor the purpose of preventing extravagant and
reckless steamboat owners from overloading
their steamers. Therefore it is that I move to
reduce the amount from five cents to one cent.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I rise for the purpose
of opposingthe amendment to the amendment,,
and before I say anything about the subject
particularly I wish to give notice that there ia
no tariff' bill here, which seems to be the appre-
hension on the part of some gentlemen. Gen-
tlemen have risen and denounced this propo-
sition of mine as though there were a snake in
it in the shape of a tariff bill. I wish to give
notice that there is no such thing involved in
the matter at all.
Now, sir, in respect to this matter I am for
doing something. Gentlemen may call this a
police regulation if they choose to do so. It
has in view the safety of life and property. Any
man who reads the newspapers can hardly go
over half a dozen columns without finding in-
stances of poor females whose dresses have
caught fire and who have been burned to death
by the destruction of coal-oil lamps. None of
us can have forgotten the dreadful disaster
which occurred to the steamers on tho Ohio
river between Louisville a-nd Cincinnati. The
gentleman from Iowa denounces this company
as reckless steamboat owners. I do not know
what they will think about that, as they have
been running over forty years and have been
exceedingly fortunate in the lives of their pas-
sengers.
Mr. ALLISON. Will the gentleman yield,
to me for a question ?
Mr. MOORHEAD. Certainly.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to know why it is
the gentleman voted against the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts which
proposed to prohibit the transportation of oil
on vessels and other vehicles transporting pas-
sengers? It is this very class of men ha is now-
legislating against.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I voted against that
because I considered this would cover the
whole ground, and I did not want that little
amendment adopted when I thought this was
better. I hope the committee will consider it
favorably.
But, sir, I was very much astonished at tho
remarks of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfieij).] Ho appears to be very much taken
now with the State-rights view of this ques-
tion. He thinks the States should do this.
Well, sir, if the States have not done their
duty we have the authority to do it. We are
elected to take care of the interests not only
of the States, but of the whole United States.
Yet the gentleman would shrink from it under
the idea that the States should take care of the
transportation of petroleum, which is one of
t,b'e greatest articles of commerce now in the
United States, which brings us more foreign
gold or more foreign goods in return than any
