810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
other product we export except cotton. Under
the plea of State rights the gentleman thinks
Congress should not touch it. Why, sir, I am
amazed at saeh remarks coming from a gen-
tleman of so great ability. This amendment
relates to commerce between the States. The
transportation of the article is over State lines
all over the Union, extending even to foreign
countries all over the world.
[Iiere the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. NIBLACK. I more to amend by makitig
the amount four cents. I am gratified to see
my friend and colleague on the Committee of
Ways and Means take such a hopeful view of
matters-as ho does upon this question of tax-
ation. We ought not to despond, it seems to
me, and if I am despondent it is certainly very
gratifying to me to see the gentleman so hope-
ful. Now, I hope he will not prove to be mis-
taken about what will occur during the next
administration. I hope, and I trust we all
may hope, that we shall have an honest admin-
istration of the laws of the land. There has
been a great deal of demoralization in this
eountry for the last seven or eight years, I am
willing to acknowledge. Why it has existed I
have not time to explain very fully just now,
but I suppose history will do justice to that
subject; I trust, at least, it will. But I wish to
admonish the gentleman, however, that Con-
gress may be called upon to take its part, at
least, in this work of seeing that the taxes are
properly collected during the next administra-
tion ; and I desire to make the prediction now,
that with the tenure-of office law upon the
statute-book to hamper the incoming adminis-
tration, as it has done the present Executive,
neither this tax law nor any other tax law can
be fairly and efficiently administered.
"Why, sir, as evidence-of the absurdity of that
tenure-of'-office law which the dominant, party
passed over the veto of the President, there is
a postmaster of Portland, Oregon, now in the
State prison for peculation in office, and yet
the President cannot remove him because it
does not suit the convenience of the Senate of
the United States to allow his removal, relying
upon the power which is conferred upon that
body by the tenure-of-office law. If, therefore,
the gentleman wants an honest administration,
let him go to work and restore to the Execu-
tive of the United States the power which it
had in former times over this question of ap-
pointments and removals from office. If the
President-elect is an honest man, as I trust he
is, how can he institute any reform whatsoever
without being thus disembarrassed? He can-
notdo it. I admonish the gentleman that there
are a great many hungry men in his party who
want to be reimbursed for their expenditures
daring the last campaign. Money, sir, flowed
like water in some of the northwestern States,
at least, and of course those who furnished it
will want to be reimbursed. Now, if the gen-
tleman wants the President-elect to be able to
contend successfully with them he has got to
give him power to do it, for he will need power
to enable him to accomplish anything in that
respect.
Mr. MULLINS. I wish to ask the gentle-
man if oil and money flowed more freely from
the Radical party than liquor did from the
Democratic party? [Laughter.]
Mr. NIBLACK. The .Radical party in In-
diana beat us on the liquor question also.
They not only run the church to a great ex-
tent, but the saloons and groceries also, and
a combination of that kind, I can assure you
from experience, is very hard to beat, indeed.
[Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MILLER. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I am sorry my colleague [Mr. Moor-
head] says there is no tariff in this bill. I wish
there was. and I wish our friends on this side
of the House would take up the tariff bill.
But, Mr. Chairman, I am in favor of the
amendment offered by my colleague, [Mr.
Moorhead.] I think it is very important that
something should be done for the protection
of life against these materials, and I know of
nothing better for the purpose than the amend-
ment proposed by my colleague.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,]
while not exactly in favor of State rights,
seems to think that this matter ought to be left
to the States and ought not to be regulated by
a general law of the United States. I would
ask the gentleman how this protection can be
afforded except by a general law of the United
States? You cannot depend upon the States.
One State in the North may pass laws to give
this protection, while another State in the South-
may refuse to do anything in the matter ; one
State in the Bast may do something for the
protection of the public, while another in the
West may refuse to do anything. How, then,
can we have general protection unless it be by
a law passed by Congress which shall extend
over the entire United States? I hope, Mr.
Chairman, that the amendment offered by my
colleague will he adopted and will become the
law of the land. It will protect the whole
people of the United States much better than
any State legislation can do.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. NIBLACK. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that instead of five
cents a barrel it be five dollars a barrel, and
I do it for the purpose of making some con-
gruity between the gentleman's amendment and
the bill which we have before us. I am sorry
that this discussion has run off on to Radical-
ism and Democracy, liquor and stealing, and
other kindred subjects. [Laughter.] I would
have preferred that it should be confined to
oil. It is so slippery a subject, however, in itself,
perhaps, that its evasion of our attempts to hold
it, like an eel, may be accounted for by that.
[Laughter.]
1 am not opposed to any movement that may
be made in order to protect the public and indi-
viduals against these infernal explosive com-
pounds. I wish every man who makes or sells
knowingly one of them was hung as high as Ha-
inan. I claim a little more credit than my col-
league on the committee [Mr. Moorhead] in re-
gard to this subject. When he and his then col-
leagues on the Committee of Ways and Means,
three years ago brought in a bill they had noth-
ing in it upon this subject, and J, not then a
member of the Committee of Ways and Means,
moved to insert what is the substance of this
one hundred and thirty-second section. I
would gladly keep in this bill if it were perti-
nent to it some provision by which we might
take care to punish fittingly the careless, if
not wicked, putting upon the market of these
compounds endangering human life. • But that
is not the question between my colleague and
myself. We have entirely relieved oil from all
taxation per se—all taxation directly upon the
product, and we have put the producers of oil
upon the footing of all other manufacturers,
requiring them to pay a tax upon the amount
of their sales. Now, if we are going to follow
out that legislation, as I think we should, that
makes it proper and necessary to strike out of
this bill all that relates to the subject of oil.
Now, my colleague 011 the Committee of
Ways and Means [Mr. Moorhead] proposes to
insert as an amendment to this*bill a bill which
is now pending before the Committee of Ways
aud Means, and which covers this subject of
punishment for producing explosive com-
pounds and putting them upon the market. I
am not opposed to the object of that bill; on
the contrary, it meets with my hearty appro-
bation. But I say, as he has introduced it
here, and as it is now pending before the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, it is not a revenue
bill at all, but simply a police regulation. It
imposes a charge of so much upon each barrel
of oil, a charge necessary to pay for its inspec-
tion, so as to bring it underthe supervision of
the law, that we may punish those who pro-
duce and sell compounds that are not capable
of standing the test prescribed. As a separate
bill, and at the propertime, indeed at anytime,
I am ready to act with him in endeavoring to
secure its passage.
I do not know that I shall go as far as my
colleague [Mr. Garfield] goes in supposing
we should leave this matter entirely to the
States. I think it is a proper subject for na-
tional legislation. But let that pass; it has
nothing to do with a revenue bill. Or if it has,
then we might as well introduce into this bill,
as I said a'lew moments since, all the charges
made for the inspection of steamboats and
steamboat boilers, and the penalties prescribed
for evading those laws. A9 the gentleman has
mentioned cotton, we might as well put in here
a charge of three or four cents upon cotton,
to keep up a system ,of inspection to see
whether there are any stones packed in the
cotton bales. Those are not subjects of rev-
enue, but of commercial regulation and police.
That is my only objection to this measure, which
contains in itself a wise object. It is only upon
that account I oppose its being inserted in this
bill in lieu of that which I have been instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to move
to strike out.
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of ruy colleague [Mr. Schenck] for the
purpose of saying a few words op one or two
of the points which have been raised in this
debate. First, I congratulate my friend from
the Pittsburg district [Mr. Moorhead] upon
the very brilliant exhibition of attack and de-
fense which he has made here this evening.
But in attacking some of us for not agreeing
with him in regard to his bill it seems to me
that he decidedly misses the real substance
of his bill. If he will read it over carefully he
will see that it has nothing whatever to do with
the transportation of inflammable oils. He and
his colleague [Mr. Miller] say that we should
attend to the business of transporting these sub-
stances from one State to another because Con-
gress is the proper regulator of commerce be-
tween the different States. Why did they not
vote, then, for the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper?] That
amendment did relate to tha subject of trans-
portation. But the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Moorhead] has
not one word in it about transportation ; there
is no interstate relationship in it. It provides
for nothing else than to regulate what kind of
barrels shall beused to contain these inflamma-
ble oils, how they shall be hooped, what kind
of color of letters shall be put upon them, and
how large the letters and marks shall be which
are to be painted or inscribed upon these bar-
rels. It simply provides regulations for getting
up the barrels, for hooping and marking the
barrels, and for putting the oil into the barrels.
In all the bill there is not one word about trans-
portingthe oils or carrying them from one State
to another. Therefore the proposition does not
rise at all to the level of an interstate ques-
tion. It relates wholly to the manner of manu-
facturing and putting these inflammable oils
into barrels ready for sale or transportation.
It is precisely the same kind of regulation
as is prescribed by our State laws, when they
provide that an apothecary when putting up
a mixture or compound shall mark it "poi-
son," if itbeapoison ; thatwhen he compounds
certain drugs he shall place upon the vial or
parcel containing the compound a label with
his name and address, so that people may
know who is responsible for the compound, ft
is precisely such a regulation as this that the
gentleman proposes ill regard to oil; and all
the machinery of this bill of six printed pages
is devised merely for that local purpose.
Viewed with reference to the object aimed at,
there is no such value in the whole six pages
as there was in the six lines of my friend from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] whose amend-
ment struck directly at the real point which the
national Government can properly reach, tha
transportation of these inflammable articles.
One word more, and I shall be done. Every-
