THfi .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
gentleman's time. I want to speak in my own
time ; I want tea or fifteen minutes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform
the gentlem an that having spoken once on this
-question he cannot, under the rules, be again
recognized as entitled to the floor if any other
.gentleman desires it.
Mr. BANKS. I will not take the floor if
any other member desires to speak now.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
.yield the remainder of my time, but a minute
or two., to the gentleman.
. Mr. BANKS. Very well; I will go on with
what I have to say; I dissented from the report
■of the committee of conference, understand-
ing it to be somewhat differentfrom what it is.
It provides for five ministers resident, and for
sending commissioners to seven States. I did
-not sign and therefore did not read the report
when it was submitted to me, but I understood
the proposition when it was finally adopted in
the conference of the two Houses to provide
for four ministers resident and eight commis-
sioners. It now stands five ministers and seven
commissioners. Commissioners are to be sent
to Honduras, Nicarauga, and Costa Rica, and
our ministers withdrawn—the very States where
we are now contending for the transit, while a
minister resident is to be retained at Guate-
mala, further north and above all these States.
And in South America, commissioners are to
be sent to Ecuador, Bolivia, Peru, and Uru-
guay, at a salary of $3,000 instead of ministers
resident at $7,500. The difference between
these salaries of $7,500 for ministers and
$3,000 for commissioners is all the economy
in that respect provided for in this bill. It does
not amount to $40,000.
My colleague has said that probably the
Committees on Foreign Affairs, or at least the
chairmen of the committees of the Senate and
House, might have been somewhat sensitive
because we had not considered this subject as
we ought to have done, and might regard it as
a constructive censure if any measures of this
character were approved by the two Houses.
Let me say that 1 have no fears of that kind.
The House of Representatives has never in any
manner referred this subject to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs. It has on the contrary
specifically referred its consideration to another
committee of the House. The Senate has
referred it to a special committee of that body,
and not to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Thus, by specific orders of the Senate and the
House, this subject was removed from the two
Committees on Foreign Affairs and assigned
to other committees. Hence it would not have
been proper or right for the Committee on For-
eign Affairs to act upon this question.
Now, I ask my colleague what propriety
there is in the Committee on Appropriations
taking cognizance of this subject which has
never been referred to that committee, and
which by the rules of the House it is forbidden
to consider, and presenting in its report what,
as appears from the statement of my colleague,
appears to have been the result of the labors of
other committees of the Senate and the House.
My friend from Rhode Island, [Mr. jenckes,]
is a member of the committees by whom this
subject has been considered, and I should be
glad if he would give the House his views on this
question, though I do not know what they are.
One word in reply to what has been said of
the rank of diplomatic representatives. When
we send ministers to the South American and
Central American republics we send them
under the general diplomatic regulations as
understood and accepted by the civilized na-
tions of the world. Our statutes, where they
touch upon this subject, only repeat the general
regulations adopted by all nations. The prac-
tice on this subject, so far as Europe is con-
cerned, is found in the regulations established
with regard to the rank of diplomatic agents by
the Congress of Vienna, in 1815. It was there
declared that—
..SfPIomaiio officers are divided into three classes:
,. A, ose °J embassadors, legates, or nuncios;
Xhose ot Qnvdys, ministers, Ofr others accredited
near to the sovereigns;
"Those of charges d'affaires accredited near to the
ministers charged with foreign affairs. The embas-
sadors, legates, and nuncios alonehave therepresent-
ative character."
When we send diplomatic officers to the South
American or the Central American republics,
we send them under this law, recognized by
all civilized nations as governing diplomatic
intercourse; and when we withdraw from these
eight republics our ministers resident and send
to them commissioners, officers not recognized
by the established and accepted diplomatic
regulations, having a character quite different
from embassadors or other diplomatic repre-
sentatives, we cannot deny that under the pres-
ent circumstances at least we do that which will
require explanation, and which may possibly
give just cause of offense to our sister repub-
lics. I know that bf the statute of 1856, to
which I referred in my first remarks, we pro-
vided for the representation of this country
in China and Japan by commissioners. But
such officers had a distinctive character which
took them out of the category of purely diplo-
matic representatives; and wherever we have
provided for such officers we have assigned the
reasons for such a course. In this case we can
assign no reason which would justify the chango
proposed.
In regard to the general subject of our diplo-
matic representatives in foreign States, I say
to the House that when it shall come before
us I will consider it without prejudice either in
regard to the Central and South American
republics or to the States of Europe and Asia.
But I deny the right of the Committee on
Appropriations, without having this subject re-
ferred to them at all, to appropriate to them- ;
selves the labors of other committees which i
have had the subject under consideration by I
the direct order of the House. In view of this j
special reference of the subject the members !
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs are relieved '
from any censure whatever ; they have not con- I
sidered it proper for them to take the subject
under consideration.
I have said that the sole retrenchment pro-
posed in the report of the committee of con-
ference is in the substitution of seven commis-
sioners for seven ministers resident, the differ-
ence being $4,500 in the salary of each officer,
and that economy is not the only object which
the House should have in view. One object
at least should be to send to the republics on
this continent at least representatives of such
rank as to give them precedence over the rep-
resentatives of European Governments. It is
therefore of no consequence that some of the
great Powers of Europe send there a charg6
or a consul general. We desire in those coun-
tries an officer who shall take precedence of
the representatives of other nations. When
all Europe is struggling for the control of the
isthmus lying between the Pacific and the At-
lantic oceans is it wise for us to withdraw our
ministers from each of the States where the
transit, if it be at all possible, must be effected ?
Attention has been called to the fact that
Great Britain and France alone have obtained
charters. Now, let me say to the House that
every European nation has a deep interest in
controlling this transit, distinct from and ad-
verse to the interests of the American republics.
China, when our statutes authorized diplo-
maticintercoursewith her, was regarded as out-
side of European civilization. So was Japan.
Both of these nations have come forward and
asked to be recognized. They claim now the
privileges of and assume the responsibilities
imposed by international law. We have re-
sponded to their invitation ; we have negotiated
treaties and accredited to them diplomatic rep-
resentatives, and now we are asked substan-
tially to assume the rejected note of China, and
withdraw our diplomatic representatives not
from Europe, but from the republics of this
continent with whom we ought to maintain the
closest intimacy, and where our representatives
are imperatively demanded by all our interests
and every consideration of public honor. Such
a result, if unhappily it shall be reached, can-
not be in accord with the judgmentof the House
or the interests of the country.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I only
desire to say that we have a minister to China
because we have a great trade with that coun-
try, which is constantly increasing, and which
ought to be protected, while we have no trade
worth speaking of with these Central and South
American republics. I am not afraid of Eng-
land and France taking anything away from us.
They will do very well if they can keep what
they have got without seeking to get anything
more North or South. I now demand the pre-
vious question.
Theprevious question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BANKS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 88, nays 93. not voting
41; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Anderson, Bailey, Baker,
Baldwin. Beaman, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Benton,
Boyer, Brooks, Broomall, Buckley, Burr, Benjamin
F. Butler, Chanler, Churchill. Reader W. Clarke,
Oobb, Corley,Cornell, Covode, Deweese, Driggs, 331a,
Karnsworth, Ferriss, Fox, Getz, Glossbrenner, Gol-
laday, Grover, Hamilton, Harding, Haugbey. Hill,
Holinan, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Humphrey, Johnson,
Alexander H. Jones,TbomasL. Jones, Judd,Kellogg,
Kelsey, Kerr, Knott, Koontz, Lash, William Law-
rence, Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory. Marshall, Mc-
Carthy, McCormick, M illor, Moore, Morrell, Mullins,
Nowsham, Niblack. Norris, Pike, Plants. Poland,
Ross, Sawyer, Scofield, Spalding, Stevens. Stokes,
Taylor, Thomas, Tift. Trowbridgre, Upson. Van Au-
ken. Van Trump, Ward, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Thomas Williams, William Williams, Wood,
and Woodward—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axteli, Banks, Barnes,
Bingbam, Blackburn, Blair, Boutwell, Boyden.Brom-
well. Roderick R. Butler, Cary. Sidney Clarke. Ciift,
Coburn. Cook, Cullom, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Dodge,
Donnelly, Eggleston, Eldridge, Thomas J). Eliot,
Perry, Fields, French, Garfield, Goss, Gove, Gravely,
Griswold. Haight, Hawkins, Hcaton, Ilisby, Hooper,
Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hul-
| burd. Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Kclley, Ketcham,
. Kitchen, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Loan, Logan,
I Marvin, McCullough. JlcKee, Mereur, Sloorhead,
Mungen, Myers, Nicholson, Nunn. Orth, Perhara,
Peters, Pettis, Phelps, Pomeroy, Price, Raura. Rob-
ertson, Roots, Schenck, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sf;uk-
weather, Stewart, Stover, Taber, Taffe, John Trim-
ble, Twichell, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert
T. Van Horn, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Hemy D.
Washburn, Whittemore, James F. Wilson, Windom,
and Young—93.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Barnum, Blaine,
Boles, Bowen. Buekland, Cake, Callis, Delano, Doek-
ery, Eekley, Edwards, Jnrnes T. Elliot t, Halsey, Asa-
hel WT. Hubbard, Julian, Lincoln, Maynard, Mor-
rissey.Newcomb, O'Neill. Paine, Pierce, Pile,Polsley,
Prince, Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Selye, Sitgreaves,
Smith, Stone, Sypber, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van
Wyck, Vidal. Elihu B. Washburne, John T. Wilson,
Stephen E. Wilson, and Woodbridge—41.
So the report of the committee was rejected.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, demanded
the yeas and nays.
Mr. BANKS. I withdraw the motion to
reconsider, and move that the House insist on
its non-concurrence and ask for another con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses. I will say to the Speaker that I do
not wish to be on that committee of confer-
ence. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Cake
for two days.
mrs. mitchell.
On motion of Mr. LAWRENCE, of Penn-
sylvania, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of Mrs. Mitchell.
leave to print.
Mr. Miller was granted leave to print a
