812
THE- C@M}M5SSI(MATi GLOBE.
February 3,
lent and is accomplishing its- object; only
th«re is one little point where it bears hardly
upon him, and that he thinks is unjust ot
urilsirand ought to be amended. Upon com-
paring the different communications of these
men together I find we have a law well ap-
proved by nearly all of them, each one only
insisting upon letting up that which pinches his
own toe. Still I am pursuaded that there are
gome few particulars sn whieh it would be well
to-amend this law, and I am willing, therefore,
that the amendmentl now offer shall be printed
and made th« subject of careful examination
as we read it oyer for that purpose. It need
not be read by the Clerk except for amend-
ment. It is but a repetition of the law as it
exists, and we may take it section by section
and consider it with a view to any absolutely
necessary amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to make a sug-
gestion just here. I am sorry to have it appear,
from the gentleman's remarks, that there are
cords of amendments proposed to the bill, as
though they were of almost every variety of
character. I have had a great many proposi-
tions of amendment sent to me, and 1 feel-it due
to the committee to say that nearly all of them
have been in regard to three or four points of
the law, I really do not think there are many
points in the law that may be considered
amendable. Of course we have had a very
large number suggested, but it seems to me—
and I state this outof regard for the bill itself—
that- not many points have been asked to be
amended.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman is right,
certainly, in that statement. They relate to
but a few points in the law. Still there are
multitudes of propositions varying from each
other in regard to those several points.
If the committee will indulge me now that I
am speaking upon this subject, I wish further
to say that I do not know what will be the pur-
pose of the House or of Congress on the sub-
ject of altering the tax on spirits; but I do
know this, that all over the country are rumors
and speculations founded on such rumors,
started, I think, at Cincinnati, in my own
State, that there is a purpose on the part of
the Committee of Ways and Means, or the
chairman of the committee, or somebody in
the House of ltepresentatives to spring upon
the House a proposition to increase, if not
to put back to its old point, the tax on spirits.
I think I understand all this. There never
has been a proposition of that kind enter-
tained for a moment in the committee. I am
perhaps about the last member of the commit-
tee who would have proposed anything of the
kind. The law has only for a fe:w months gone
into operation. It has worked well. It has
thus far promised to produce at least three times
the revenue of the last three years from spirits.
I hope, therefore, there will be no tinkering with
the amount of the tax. I said I thought I under-
stood the object of these reports. There is a
parcel of speculators throughout the country
who are trying to bull the market on whisky,
and they wish to create the impression that in
Congress or in some committee of Congress
there isa purpose to increase the tax on spirits
again. I allude to this matter now while we
happen to be upon this subject, and looking
to what has been the operation of the law thus
far, and what amendments are asked to it, for
the purpose of saying that nobody, I think,
contemplates an amendment of that kind, and
I do not believe that any persons with honest
purposes or any other object than rascally
speculation set afloat such rumors. I think it
will be well when the committee rises to make
an order for the printing of the amendment
which I have offered.
Mr. PETERS. Would it not be convenient
to print with this amendment such amend-
ments as the Committee of Ways and Means
propose to offer to it, so that we may know
wherein the committee propose to alter it ?
Mr. SCHENCK. The sub-committee upon
this subject have not yet proposed their amend-
ments to this general amendment substituting
the existing law for what is in this general bill'.
They might, perhaps, very soon determine
what those amendments will be. I am author*
ized to say that there will be very fe# of them.
The committee as a general thing afe'satisfied
with the law as it is,- for the present at least,
so as t6 givfe'it a fair trial. - -
Mr. BECK. I desire to ask- the gentleman
when he proposes' to eall up this branch' of the
bill which he proposes to have printed?
" Mr: SCHENCK. I am willing, if it Be the
pleasure of the eommittee, to have it under-
stood that when the eommittee rises I will ask
an order of the House for the printing of
the amendment, and then, when ifre go into
Committee of the Whole again, we can go on
with the rest of the bill. There remain the
subjects of incomes arid legacies, occupying not
many pages. I ask unanimous eonsent that
the amendment whieh I have now offered may
be reserved to be acted upon after the remain-
der of the bill is disposed of in committee, and
in the meantime I promise the committee that
I will move as soon as we go into the House
for the printing of the amendments.
No objection was made; and the amendment
was reserved.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Dawes
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore,
Mr. Scofield reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had, ac-
cording to order, had under consideration the
bill (H. R. No. 1060) to reduce into one act
and to amend the laws relating to internal
taxes, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that there be
added to the order made to-day for the reprint
ing of this bill with the amendments made in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union an order to print the amendments made
this evening, and also the amendment now
pending which has been offered in behalf of
the Committee of Ways and Means in relation
to tobacco and spirits.
The motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. SCHENCK,
(at nine o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AXTELL: A petition to establish
post routes between San Juan, in Monterey
county, California-, and New Idria, Fresno
county, and Castroville, Monterey county.
By Mr. BECK: A petition of a number of
merchants and dealers in distilled spirits in
Frankfort, Kentucky, askingfor a modification
of portions of the internal revenue act of July
20, 1808.
By Mr. CULLOM ; A petition of numerous
citizens of Atlanta and Logan counties, Illi-
nois, asking the passage of Jenckes's civil ser-
vice bill, the new tax bill, and generally for
the reduction of taxes.
By Mi-. DELANO: A memorial of 100 citi-
zens of Ohio, praying an amendment of the Con-
stitution recognizing the supremacy of Almighty
God in the government of the nation.
Also, the petition of B. G. Abbott and 131
others, praying Congress to extend the invalid
pension laws to citizens of Ohio who served in
the war of 1812.
By Mr. HARDING : The petition of M. D.
Campbell and 40 others, citizens of Monmouth,
Illinois, that the Constitution of the United
States be so amended that God shall be ac-
knowledged as the source of all power and the
Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler of nations.
By Mr. KETCH AM : The petition of Thad-
deus I. Murphy, company F, twenty-first'regi-
ment New York cavalry, for relief.
By Mr. MARVIN: The memorial of Con-
stant Brown, Pythagoras Wetmore, and 200
Others, citizens of Fatten and Montgomery coun-
ties, in the State of New York, praying for
pensions to certain- surviving soldiers ot the
war of 1812.
Also, a petition of similar import from 54
citizens of Montgomery and Otsego counties,
in the same State.
. By Mr. MOORE : A petition of James H.
Hoyt and 18 others, vessel-owners and masters
of New Haven, Connecticut, praying the inter-
vention off Congress to protect all engaged in
navigation from illegal exactions by State and
municipal corporations.
Also, a petition and memorial of sugar re-
finers, atid remonstrance -of importers and
others, with refiners answer to the same.
By Mr. PHELPS : The memorial of the per-
sonal representatives of Richard Hall, of Mary-
land, praying compensation for losses sustained
during the last war with Great Britain.
By Mr. SHANKS: The petitions of William
B. Shelton, Thomas W. Scott, Samuel Zoller-,
Philip Foltz, H. Thompson, F. W. Reece, and
Philip Mikle, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania: The
petition of Isaiah and D. C. Fans, of Bloom-
ington, Indiana, and 84 others, citizens of
Alleghany, Pennsylvania, praying for such an
amendment of the Constitution as will recog-
nize the government of Almighty God and the
sovereignty of Jesus Christ among the nations.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: Additional pa-
pers in support of bill (H. R. No. 1827) forthe
relief of certain drafted men, approved Feb-
ruary 28, 1867.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
By Mr. LINCOLN: The petition of Horace
L. Emory, on the files of the House, for ref-
erence to the Committee on Patents.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 3, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, communicating, in compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate of the, 1st instant, a copy
of the report of , J. L, Williams, Government
director on the fnion Pacific railroad, dated
June 16, 1868; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating
papers relative to the claim of Samuel A.
Bishop for cattle taken from him and used by
the "Owens River Indians" at Fort Fejon,
California, in 1863 and 1864 ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of War, communicating a copy
of a letter from Major General George H.
Thomas, addressed to Brevet Brigadier Gen-
eral Benjamin S. Roberts, relative to a state-
ment affecting the latter officer, in documents
communicated to the Senate heretofore rela-
tive to the case of Fitz John Porter; whieh
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
, PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
resolutions of the Legislature of Kansas, in favor
of an appropriation for the construction of a
United States court-house and post office at
Topeka, and a custom-hduse and post Office at
Leavenworth, in that State ; which were, on a
motion of Mr. POMER0Y, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Miles Carlisle, a private in company D, third
regiment Maine Volunteers, praying to be
