TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
February 25j
©arise, Sidney Clarke, Clift# Cobb, Cobum. Cook,
Corloy, Corn,ell, Covode, Cullom, D$.wes, Dickey,
Podge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, El a.,
Thoinas B. Bwft, James T. Elliott, Farnsworth,
Rertiss, Berry, Fields, French, Garfield, GosS, Gove,
Gravely, Grisvvolil, Hamilton, Harding, Haughey,
Heaton, Tludiy, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D.
Hubbartl. Huiburd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenekes,
Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian. Kelley, Kel-
logg, Kelsey, Ketoham, Kucben, Koontz, Laflin,
Lash, William Lawrence, Logan, Lynch, Marvin,
Jtaynard, McCarthy, MeKee, Merour, Miller, Moore,
Moorhead, MorreH,, Ainllins, Myers. Newsham.Nor-
ris, N uun, O'Neill, Qrth, Paine, Perham, Peters,
Pettis, Pike, tlants, Poland,Pomeroy, Price, Prince,
Raum, Robertson, Roots, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Ste-
vens, Stewart, Stokes, Stover, Taffe, Thomas, John
Trimble, Trowbridge, Twichell. Upson. Yan Aer-
nam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward,
Oadwahuicr 0. Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, Whittemore, Thomas
Williams, William Williams, James P. Wilson, John
T. Wilson, Wimloin, and the Speaker—144.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Barnes, Beck,
Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Chanler, Eldridge, Fox,
Getz, Glossbrennei\ Goliaday, Graver, Haight, Haw-
kins. Qolman, Hotchkiss, Richard D. Hubbard,
Humphrey, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott,
Longhridge, Mallory, Marshall. McCormiek, Mc-
Cullough, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps,
Pruyn. Robinson, Ross, Stone, Tabe'r, Van Auken,
Van Trump, Wood, Woodward, and Young—44.
NOT V OTlN G—Messrs. Adams, Baldwin, Barnum,
Blackburn, Boles, Buckland, Cake, Delano, Deweese,
Dixon. Doekery, Edwards, Halsey, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, George V. Lawrence. Lincoln, Loan, Morris-
sey, Newcomb, Pierce, Pile, Polsley, Randall,
Schenck, Selye, Sitgreaves, Sypher. Taylor. Tift,
Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Wyck, Vidal, Elihu B.
Washburne, Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—35.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the
affirmative upon agreeing to the report of the
committee of conference, which in the opinion
of the Chair requires atwo-thirds vote. Upon
this question the yeas are 145, nays 44. Two
thirds having voted in the affirmative, the
report is agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (H. R. No. 273) to amend the act of
April 10, 1806, establishing rules and articles
for the government of the armies of the United
States;
An act (H. R. No. 424) amendatory of an
act entitled "An act for the relief of certain
drafted men
An act (H. R. No. 1280) for the relief of
Lieutenant Leonidas Smith, late of the twenty-
second Indiana volunteer infantry;
An act (H. R. No. 1323) for the relief of
Walter D. Plowden;
An act (H. R. No. 1489) granting a portion
of the military reservation at Sault Ste. Marie,
Michigan, to the American Baptist Home Mis-
sion Society;
An act (H. R. No. 1868) for the relief of H.
A. White;
An act (H. R. No. 1872) providing for the pay-
ment of Captain Goldman Bryson's mounted
company; and
An act (H. R. No. 1878) for the relief of
George W. Short.
order 01' business.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
now to move to go into Committee of the Whole
on the appropriation bills.
Mr. LAFLIN. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. LAFLIN. I ask the special attention
of every member of this House to the state-
ment I am about to make. If the House de-
sires that the debates of Congress shall con-
tinue to be reported and printed immediate
action should be taken looking to that end. I
therefore ask the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] to forego the considera-
tion of the appropriation bills for a time, in
order to give me an opportunity to call up the
joint resolution on this subject adopted bv thf>
Senate yesterday. If the House shall take
upon itself the responsibility of delaying action
on that resolution then the Committee on
Printing oannot be held responsible. I hope
that the House will not go into Committee of
the Whole on the appropriation bills, but will
at once proceed to the consideration of the
joint resolution of the Senate in reference to
the debates of Congress.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let me
make a single statement in regard to the busi-
ness of the House. The legislative, executive,
and judicial appropriation bill is one, as is
well known to members, of some fifty printed
pages. After it shall have passed the House
it will take a long time to engross it. It must
then go to the Senate, there to be considered
by the Senate Committee on Appropriations,
then passed by the Senate and returned to this
House for action on such amendments as the
Senate may make to it. Now, if we do not
get the bill through the House to-day—instead
of taking up this subject of reporting and pub-
lishing the debates, which will probably give
rise to considerable discussion, as it did in the
Senate—it will be almost impossible to pass the
appropriation bills at all this session. I will
therefore move that the rules be suspended
and the Committee of the Whole discharged
from the further consideration of the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial appropriation bill
for the purpose of considering the same in the
Hous§. at this time. There is still pending an
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Holmak.] And I propose also
to allow the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] to offer an amendment, after the bill
is in the House, in relation to the compensation
of employes.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would also remind the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
that the Delegate from Colorado [Mr. Chil-
cott] desires to have a vote on his amendment
relating to the branch mint at Denver City.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly ;
unanimous consent was given in the Committee
of the Whole that a vote should be taken on
that amendment in the House.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, and, two thirds
voting in the allirmative, it was agreed to.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Accordingly the rules were suspended ; and
the Committee of the Whole were discharged
from the further consideration of House bill
No. 1673, making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government lor the year ending the 30th of
June, 1870.
The SPEAKER. The bill is now before the
House for consideration with the amendments
made thereto in Committee of the Whole. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield to the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] to offer his amendment.
Mr. POLAND. I move to amend the bill
by adding thereto what I send to the Clerk's
desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That the clerks,
messengers, watchmen, laborers, and other persons,
mate and female, now employed at Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, at a salary fixed by law or by regu-
lations of a Department., in tbo State, Treasury,
Navy, War, Interior, Agricultural, and Post OQice
Departments, including the Attorney General's office,
the city post office, and the bureaus and branches of
the several Departments herein named, who are
paid at a rate not exceeding $1,800 per annum, shall
be allowed an additional compensation of ten per
cent, on the amount of"ssUary or pay received by
them respectively during tne past and present fiscal
years; and that the necessary amount to pay the same
be, and is herehy, appropriated out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. POLAND. A very extraordinary state-
ment was made in Committee of the Whole last
evening on this subject. I desire to have read
a short letter from the Treasury Department
bearing on it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That
would hp in flip nature of debate.
Mr. POLAND. It is in "answer to a state-
ment made here last night.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
consent to any debate before the previous ques-
tion is seconded.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holmajt] which the House authorized to
be offered.
The Clerk read as follows :
And be it further enacted. That the sum necessary
to pay the compensation of the female clerks, as pro-
vided for in the first section of this act,is hereby ap-
propriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The SPEAKER. This exhausts the author-
ity granted by the House as to the offering of
amendments.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
O'Neit.t,] that he may offer an amendment.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] by inserting after the words "city
post office" the following:
The clerks, carriers, and employes, male and fe-
male, in the Philadelphia post office.
The SPEAKER. This amendment will be
considered as pending.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. I desire to offer an
amendment to that amendment.
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order
without unanimous consent. An amendment
to an amendment is already pending.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
demand the previous question on the bill and
amendments.
| Mr. POLAND. I desire to have a separate
! vote upon the amendment adopted by the
i Committee of the Whole restricting the juris-
j diction of the Court of Claims.
| Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I pro-
! pose that each amendment shall be voted on
! separately.
| The SPEAKER. The amendments will be
! read in their order, and those upon which a
vote is not demanded will be considered as
j adopted.
' The previous question was seconded and the
j main question ordered.
! The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
S Massachusetts desires to speak on the bill he
; must speak before the House begins to vote on
, the amendments.
i Mr. BUTLER,, of Massachusetts. Ipropose,
! if there be no objection, that the hour allowed
1 me for debate shall be consumed in the discus-
! sionofthe amendments as we progress in voting
' upon them.
| The SPEAKER. The rules require that the
j hour to which the gentleman from Massachu-
, setts is entitled after the seconding the previous
j question shall be occupied before the vote is
| taken on the amendments. The gentleman asks
■ unanimous consent that he may be entitled to
j an hour for the discussion of amendments as
! the vote upon them proceeds. Is there objec-
! tion?
| Mr. HOPKINS. I object.
I Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
, to suspend the rules for the purpose of allowing
; me my hour in the manner I have stated.
! The motion to suspend the rules was agreed
j to ; and it was ordered accordingly.
Theamendments were read and were adopted
^ in gross, except those upon which a separate
' vote was demanded.
The Clerk read the following amendment of
the Committee of the Whole:
Strike out the following proviso :
i Provided, That no judgment of said court for any
; sum exceeding $5,000 shall be paid unless the same
j sh.ill be confirmed by Congress.
And in lieu thereof insert the following:
Provided, That, no judgment of said court for any
I sum exceeding So,000 shall bo paidoutof this appro-
I priation unless the same shall bo confirmed by Coa-
1 gross,
I Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
for five minutes to thegentleman from Vermont.
I Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, this amend-
! ment in terms proposes merely that out of this
' appropriation no judgment of the Court of
