1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
813
allowed a bounty of $200; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Almira
Scott, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Anson
Morse,, a private in company E, twentyrseeond
regiment Massachusetts volunteers, praying to
be allowed a bounty of $200 ; which was re-
ferred tp the Committee on Pensions.
, He also presented the petition of John Sias,
praying .tp be allowed arrears of pension ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions. ,
Mr. CONKLING. I present the memorial
of the New York and Antwerp Mail Steamship
Company, an organization authorized by the
laws of the State of New York. The memo-
rial states that steamships built in the United
State? cost nearly double the amount they
could be built For in Great Britain, and that
there is not now one American steamship en-
gaged in the transatlantic service, and nearly
six hundred round voyages were made last
year between the United States and Europe
by ships built and owned in Euj-o^e; and not
less than $25,000,000 were received during
the past year by the owners of these steam-
ships for freight, passengers, and mails. They
a$k that steamships constructed here and en-
gaged in carrying mail matter, provided they
receive nothing except postage for carrying
mail matter,, shall be exempt from all duties
by the Government on the ships or the matei
rials from which they are constructed. I move
that the memorial be referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of mer-
chants and dealers in distilled spirits in Bour-
bon county, Kentucky, praying certain amend-
ments or modifications to the present internal
revenue act relating to distilled spirits ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Texas, praying the removal of the
political disabilities imposed on Rev. T. B.
Ferguson by acts of Congress; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition of cit-
izens of Lexington township, Stark county,
Ohio, praying an amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States forbidding any State
to make any distinction among its citizens in
regard to civil or political rights or privileges,
the right to suffrage, or to eligibility to oilice
on account of race, color, or previous condi-
tion. As this subject is now before the Senate,
X move that this petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present the petition
of Lydia \V.- Ford, widow of the late Acting
Master Jefferson Ford, who died in the naval
service of the United States in June, 1864, iu
which she asks a pension. I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CATTELL presented a petition of citi-
zens of New Jersey, praying such an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
as will fully acknowledge the obligations, of
the Christian religion ; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petitions of John S.
Jones, Frank Dirks, and John Westerlage, of
Galveston, Texas, praying the removal of the
political disabilities imposed on them by acts
of Congress ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of Rich-
ard Mangan, praying that he may be allowed
a bounty of $100, which lie alleges to be due
his son, Matthew Mangan, who enlisted in the
naval service of the United States on the 22d
day of June, 1863; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. POMERQY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Kansas, in favor of the appoint-
ment of commissioners to audit the claims of
citizens of that State for property destroyed
and taken by raiders under thg oC
Quantrell and others; which were referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial of
William A. Russell, administrator of the estate
of Brigadier General David A. Russell, de-
ceased, asking a donation of guns to erect a
monument in memory of the deceased ; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
He also presented the petition of members
of the New York Produce Exchange, praying
for a reciprocity treaty with Canada; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of Wil-
liam H. Tyler, of Henrico county, Virginia,
praying the removal of the political disabilities
imposed on him by acts of Congress; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
■ He also presented the petitions of William
B. Kayser, John.B. Evans, and Arthur M.
Bruce, of Staunton, Virginia, praying the re-
moval of the political disabilities imposed on
them by acts of Congress; which were referred
to the .Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, pre-
sented the petition of Susan R. Choate, praying
to be allowed a pension ; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WHYTE presented the memorial of the
Corn and Flour Exchange of Baltimore city,
remonstrating against any further postpone-
ment of the fifty per cent, clause of the present
bankrupt law ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of
citizens of Ohio, praying such an amendment
of the Constitution as will fully recognise the
obligations of the Christian religion; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, prayingan appropriation
to the National Homestead at Gettysburg for
the orphans of soldiers and sailors of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
He also presented three petitions of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying such an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States as will
fully acknowledge the obligations of the Chris-
tian religion ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the J udiciary.
He also presented the memorial of the rep-
resentatives of the religious society of Friends
in Pennsylvania, praying the adoption of a
humane policy toward the Indians; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented the petition of the Phila-
delphia Female A^ti-Slavery Society, praying
that the colored people of the nation may be
granted the right of suffrage; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Virginia, praying the removal of the political
disabilities imposed on them by acts of Con-
gress ; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Indiana, Pennsylvania, and Ohio, praying such
an amendment to the Constitution of the United
States as will fully acknowledge the obligations
of the Christian religion; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire, pre-
sented the petition of George W. Tarleton,
praying the restoration of certain money which
he alleges was confiscated and is now in the
United States Treasury; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS 0)f COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Committee
on Appropriations, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 1809) making appropriations
for the payment of salaries and contingent
expenses of the Patent Ofiicc for January and
February, 1860, have had it under considera-
tion, and instructed me to report it back with-
out amendment, and as there seems to be an
immediate necessity for action upoa it, I ask
the unanimous consent of filie 8enato con-
sider itat this time.
The PRESIDENTprote-mpvre. Itreguires
unanimous consent to consider the now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall dispose
of the morning business first. - i •
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine; This will not
take a minute. There are only about six lines
in'the bill. :
The PRESIDENT pro tempore] Doss the
Senator from Illinois object?
' Me. TRUMBULL; No,, sir; I will not
object. ■ - - .
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is unfinished
business of the morning hourof y&st"erday,'the
bill in favor of Bulfineh and others, which I
should like to have disposed of this morning.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This bill will
not occupy three minutes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Butit will displace the
unfinished business of the morning hour of yes-
terday. If that can retain its place I shall
have no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. ■ The Chair
must consider this debate as an objection to
considering the bill at this time.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 758) to provide for .the execution of
judgments in capital cases, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 784) to amend
the judicial system of the United States,- re-
ported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1) to 'reorganize
the judiciary of the United States, reported
adversely thereon, and recommended its indefi-
nite postponement. .
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills, reported them
back, and recommended their indefinite post-
ponement :
A bill (S. No. 2) to regulate certain proceed-
ings in criminal cases;
A bill (S. No. 3) concerning injunctions and
proceedings in civil cases ;
A bill (S. No. 103) to conform the rules of
practice and pleading in the courts of the Uni-
ted States to the laws of the respective States ;
A bill (S. No. 218) to create a southern judi-
cial district of California;
A bill (S. No. 460) to reorganize the circuit
courts of the United States;
A bill (S. No. 263) to facilitate the adminis-
tration of justice;
A bill (S. No. 672) to fix the number of
judges of the Supreme Court and change the
judicial circuits;
A bill (S. No. 744) to create a new judicial
district in the State of Kentucky; and
A bill (S. No. 163) declaring what shall con-
stitute a quorum of the Supreme Court.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I will state that the bill
which we have reported with an amendment
is a bill reorganizing the judicial system, and
supersedes most of these bills; and I wish to
give notice that I shall at an early day, as soon
as I can get the attention of the Senate, ask
for the consideration of that bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to ask the
Senator the principle of reorganization in the
bill he has reported ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is to create circuit
judges—a circuit judge for each circuit in tlio
United States.
Mr. SUMNER. Leaving the Supreme Court
as it is ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not entirely; requiring
each justice of the Supreme Court at least
once in two years to go into his district. I
suppose that bill will go on the Calendar?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom were referred several
memorials, petitions, and resolutions, pro-
testing against any further extension of the
bankrupt law, known as the fifty per cent, pro-
vision. asked to be discharged from their fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to.
