1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
815
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, a contract wag
entered into in writing in pursuance of acts
referred to in the report, and the reason why it
was not fulfilled to the letter was that the Pacific
railroad bill authorizing the location of the
Central Pacific railroad of California passed
in the mean time, and the road was located
through the very lands that were reserved for
the purpose of taking care of tile-Indians, and
when the road was so located the Indian reser-
vation was necessarily broken up, and it was
impossible, therefore, for the contractors to
deliver the logs at the place where they con-
tracted to deliver them. It was no fault on
their part that they were not floated where the
mill was to have been erected. It is a case of
great hardship. It would require much time
to read the contract, which is in writing and
lengthy, and to explain all the facts in connec-
tion with it. This bill simply authorizes the
Secretary of the Interior to make such settle-
ment of the balance due to these contractors
for a violation of the contract on the part of
the Government as he may deem to be just
and proper.
The Contract was, as was usual with contracts
on the Pacific side of the Rocky mountains,
made upon the basis of coin. The amendment
which I have proposed is that the Secretary
shall authorize the payment of the equivalent
in currency of the amount due in coin. It is
not making an appropriation directly; it is
leaving it discretionary with the Interior De-
partment to make such award as may be
deemed just.
All that I have to say further is to repeat that
it is to my knowledge a case of very great hard-
ship ; and the assignee, or person in whose
name the bill is drawn, has been waiting upon
Congress a long time during the last session
and during this session, and is in very great
distress; and it seems to me she should not be
kept in that condition any longer. The bill
should be passed in order that some relief may
be afforded by the Government for the viola-
tion of the contract.
I will say further that the contract was stopped
by order of the Secretary of the Interior. Tire
contractors are in -no way responsible, and
they are guilty of no laches in the case. They
were put in default by the action of the Gov-
ernment. Had the reservation as it was ori-
ginally designated remained, the con tract would
have been carried out and the parties relieved
by the proper payment long since. They are
guilty, therefore, of no fault. The fault is on
the part of the Government in the passage of
the railroad law which interfered with their
ability to do it.
Mr. HARLAN. I have an indistinct mem-
ory that I once was familiar with this case. I
am not quite sure, however, that it is the same
case. I would prefer, therefore, that it should
go over until I can have an opportunity to ex-
amine it. If not objected to by the friends of the
bill 1 would make that motion, and also ask
the Senate to take up a bill pertaining to the
District of Columbia.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator before
he makes that motion to allow rae to offer an
amendment.
Mr. HAKLAN. I have no objection to an
amendment being offered.
Mr. CONKLING. I will offer an amend-
ment, prefocingit with this remark: the case the
Senator from California now states is entirely
unlike that stated in the report. It reverses
the.case; indeed it turns it into a case where
the Government is in default and not where the
claimants are in default. Then, I submit, it is
acase in which the party ought to receive exactly
what would.be due were it a case between in-
dividual and individual; and to meet that view
I have sent to the desk an amendment to come
in at the end of the sixteenth line in lieu of the
words which it will strike out. It is'this, in
effect, that in place of allowing what the Sec-
retary of the Interior may deem just, he shall
allow what would be due according to the law
governing such a case between individuals.
That would be exactly right if the case is as the
Senator states.
Mr. COLE. I can assure the Senator from
New York that in that case the amount will
exceed the amount that was agreed upon by
the committee as the limit.
Mr. CONKLING. Not if you leave in the
words " not to exceed $8,825." I propose to
leave those words in.
Mr. COLE. Very well; then I have no
objection to the Senator's proposition.
Mr*. GRIMES. This bill ought to be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Claims, or else sent
to the Court of Claims. The Senate ought not
to be called upon to pass upon the merits of this
bill upon the report on which it stands.
Mr. CONKLING. So 1 think.
Mr. GRIMES. The report says nothing
about these contractors not having been per-
mitted to go on and discharge their portion of
the contract by the Secretary of the Interior.
The report does-not say anything about their
having been interfered with by the Central Pa-
cific Railroad Company. The report simply
says that these contractors entered into a con-
tract with the superintendent of Indian affairs
to deliver; cut, and bank a certain quantity of
logs, and according to the report they never
delivered a log. According to the face of the
report we are called upon to vote this money
out of the Treasury, notwithstanding the fact is
found by our committee that the contractors
did not comply with any portion of the con-
tract, and have not rendered any excuse on the
record why they did not do so. No man can
vote for such a bill, it seems to me, upon the
report as it now stands. We have got to send
it to the Court of Claims or back to the com-
mittee and let them put something on the rec-
ord that will justify us in the future for giving
a vote in behalf of the claim,
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the bill and
amendments be postponed until to-morrow, and
that the Senate proceed to consider the junc-
tion railroad bill for this District.
Mr. IfERRY. Let us have that motion
divided.
Mr. HARLAN. My first motion is, that the
further consideration of this bill and amend-
ments be postponed until to-morrow.
-Mr. GRIMES. We had better recommit it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What has become of
the motion of the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Grimes ?]
Mr. GRIMES. I move to recommit the bill
in order to let the facts stated by the Senator
from California be spread upon the record so
as to justify the Seuate in giving a vote in favor
of this bill, if they choose to vote that way.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The motion to postpone
has precedence.
Mr. HARLAN. I will withdraw my motion
and let the question be taken on my colleague's
motion. It will answer my purpose equally well.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to say a word
about that. I have not known much about
this case. A constituent of mine has had some
charge of it, and he asked me to call it up,
which I very cheerfully did upon his statement
to me of what were the facts. I inquired very
briefly of the Senator from Nevada whether I
understood the facts correctly, and he stated
that I did. I became satisfied that it was a
correct claim, and that the parties ought to be
paid. I do not think, inasmuch as the Senator
from California, who reported the bill from the
committee, has now made a full statement of
the facts to the Senate, that it is necessary to
send it back, and thereby defeat the claim for
this Congress, merely to have those facts stated
in the form of a report.
The facts are these, and if I do not state
them correctly I shall be corrected by the dis-
tinguished Senator from Nevada, who knows
them : this contract was made with these par-
ties, after it had been arranged by the Interior
Department, for the construction of a saw-mill
upon the reservation as then mads. After the
location of the Pacific railroad the Secretary
of the Interior, Mr. Usher, decided that the
reservation ought to be changed. So he aban-
doned that reservation and made a new res-
ervation at some considerable distance, and
directed that the mill should not be constructed,
and that the further supply of the- Jogs-to be
sent to that mill should be stopped; a d there-
upon the mill was stopped and the -supply of
the logs was stopped. Up to that tittfe the pari-
ties had complied with the contract a^s far as is
slated. They had expended their money*, and
there is this balance the committee finds due to
them. Now, upon that statement made by the
Senatorfrom California I cannot see &ny ne.ces1-
sity to send the case back to the committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why did they not apply
to the Court of Claims, then ? We have estab-
lished a Court of Claims to try just such cases.
Why do they not go there?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not sec why the
Secretary of the Interior does not pay them for
their work.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire df the Sen-
ator what is the purpose of this written report
we have from the committee? \ - ■
Mr. HENDRICKS. Many cases are brought
here from the Committee on Claims without a
written report.
Mr. GRIMES. Why did they give lis a report
in this case? When they do give a report it
is to be presumed that they give all the facts.
We are constantly in the habit of referring to
printed reports made by committees in years
past to see whether a precedent of this kind or
that kind has been established by those reports.
The Senator from California made this report
himself. He does not say a word in the report
about the Pacific Bailroad Company. He
furnishes no excuse at all why these parties
did not comply with their contract. He simply
says they did not comply with the contract;
they never ran a log as they agreed to do_; but
yet he recommends that we shall pass this bill
appropriating several thousand dollars out of
the Treasury, when, according to the face of the
report which he himself presents to us, they
are the parties who are guilty of great negli-
gence. I admit that if the statement of the
Senator from Indiana be correct that furnishes
a sufficient excuse for these parties not com-
plying with their contract; but two years hence
the speech of the Senator from Indiana will
not be recollected, but the report, which goes
into the archives of the country, is what we
shall be presumed to have voted in favor of
this bill upon.
Now, ail I ask is that this committee may
have the opportunity to spread out the facts in
this case upon the record, so that we may sttad
justified in our own eyes and in the eyes of
those who may come after ns for voting in favor
of this claim ; for certainly we should not be
justified in voting in favor of it upon the record
as it is now made up. And, as is suggested
by my friend here, [Mr. Edmunds,] it is very
possible that the Senator from Indiana may be
misinformed as to these facts. We want the
committee to have an opportunity, as a com-
mittee, to investigate this subject.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think I am
misinformed. The Senator from Nevada, who
was at the time Governor of Nevada Territory
and ex-officio superintendent of Indian affairs,
made this contract, and he was familiar ofli-
cially with all that transpired in regard to it;
and I called his attention to my statement, so
that if I did not state the facts correctly I should
be corrected at once.
Now, the Senator from Vermont has asked,
why not send this to the Court of Claims?
This is a sufficient answer to that: this con-
tract was to be paid in gold; the Court of
Claims cannot recognize the distinction be-
tween the different currencies. The Court of
Claims would have to adjudicate it as if the
gold was paper ; they would be bound by that,
and therefore that court cannot grant relief.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you think that is the
law?
