THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
Mr. SCOFIELD. I thought it was lost. I
ask unanimous consent to recur to it again.
Mr. K.ELSEY. I inquired whether there
was not a mistake. I supposed so great a num-
ber eould not be needed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I.will state that the word
" seventy" ought to be reinserted. I will also
say that the amount paid to these women is
very small per year. The reason is they are
not employed all the day. They have to come
in and clean up all the rooms and halls of the
Treasury buildings at night. There are sev-
efal buildings, and there is a very large space
to be cleaned. The pay corresponds to the
service. I hope there will be no objection to
reinserting it.
No objection being made, the word "sev-
enty' ' was restored.
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to a point of order,
that from line thirteen to fifty-one it is new
and independent legislation. It makes new
provisions for the Treasury Department and
changes existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is aware
that the paragraph has not only been read but
amended. The point of order is therefore
too late.
Mr. NIBLACK. The whole of it?
The CHAIRMAN. The wholo paragraph ;
and the last part of it has been stricken out
upon a point of order raised.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to strike out from
lines thirteen to forty-eight inclusive.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in order now;
there is an amendment pending.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mine will be iu order
when that is disposed of, I suppose.
The CHAIRMAN. It will.
Mr. PAINE. Before the motion is made to
strike out any part of the paragraph I desire
to offer an amendment.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Harding, it was disagreed to.
Mr. PAINE. Before my colleague moves
to strike out the entire paragraph I move to
add at the end of the paragraph the following
additional proviso :
And it is hereby provided further. That no part of,
the appropriation made by this act for contingent
and incidental expenses shall be paid for clerk hire,
messengers or laborers.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I make the
point of order on that amendment. It is the
same thing that was stricken out just now on a
point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. P AINE. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair. There is a difference between the
proviso I offered and the one which was origin-
ally in the bill. >;
The CHAIRMAN. The bill contained this !]
proviso: ! j
And it in hereby provided further. That hereafter
there shall be no payment made by any Department ;{
of the Government out of appropriations made for j
contingent and incidental expenses, for clerk hire, ij
messengers, or laborers. i;
The point of order was made upon that that j!
it was independent legislation. The Chair sus- 11
tained the point of order and the proviso was
stricken out. The gentleman from Wisconsin
now offers an amendment similar to that, as
the Chair understands, and the Chair, there-
fore, rules it out of order. Prom this decis-
ion the gentleman from Wisconsin appeals :
and the question is "Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee?"
Mr. SCOFIELD. I appeal to my friend
from Wisconsin to withdraw his appeal, so as
not to consume time. I had always supposed
the rule to be that where the amendment is a
qualification upon the present appropriation
it is in order, but if the Chair thinks other-
wise I hope time will not be consumed, be-
cause the amendment may be offered again in
the House. This is only a qualification on the
present appropriation, and is not a general
law.
Mr. P AINE. That is just what ifc is.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will revise
his decision. There are two words contained
in the amendment that escaped his attention.
The amendment will be considered as pending.
Mr. PAINE. I want to say one word in
support of my amendment. The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. WashbUrx] very properly
objected to the proviso originally in the bill,
and raised the point of order upon it, and it was
ruled out because it covered not only this ap-
propriation but future appropriations. The
amendment which I propose is not obnoxious
to any such objection as that, and it seems to
me that we ought to incorporate into this bill
precisely that provision, which will prevent the
diversion of the appropriation meant for inci-
dental and contingent expenses to the payment
of clerk hire, messengers, or laborers.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I now move to strike out
the entire paragraph, as amended, as follows:
And after the present fiscal year there shallonlybe
employed and paid forlaborin the Treasury building
and the five other buildings used by the Department
for lighting, cleaning, and general care and super-
intendence thereof the following persons, to wit: one
superintendent, at a salary of £2,500 per year; one
clerkof class four and one clerk of class one; one engi-
neer in charge of heating apparatus, at a salary of
81,200 a year; five firemen, at a salary of 8800 each per
year; onemachinist and gas-fitter, atasalaryof $1,200
per year; one captain of the watch, at a salary of
$1,400 per year ; onestorekeepor, at a salary of $1,000
per year; thirty watchmen, at a salary of $820 each
peryear; thirty laborers, at a salary of $000 cach per
year; seventy women as cleaners, at a salary of $180
each per year. And it is hereby provided. That no
account for contingent expenses at any of the bureaus
of the Treasury Department shall hereafter be al-
lowed, except on the certificate of the general super-
intendent of the Treasury buildings that they are
necessary and proper, and that the prices paid are
just and reasonable; and the said superintendent
shall keep a full, just, and accurate account in detail
of all amounts expended under the head of contin-
gent expenses for the several bureaus of the Treas-
ury Department, which shall be transmitted to Con-
gress by the Secretary of the Treasury at every
December session. And the expenditure for furni-'
ture and repairs for the same shall be made by the
said superintendent, subject to the approval of the
Secretary of the Treasury ; and it shall be the duty
of said superintendent to keep a just and accurate
account in detail of all amounts paid for the pur-
chase of furniture, and also for the repairs thereof,
as well as a full statement of the disposition of the
old furniture; all of which shall be transmitted to
Congress at every December session thereof by the
Secretary of the Treasury.
And it is hereby provided further. That no part of
the appropriation made by this act for contingent
and incidental expenses shall be paid for clerk hire,
messengers, or laborers.
I make the motion because this is a defi-
ciency bill, and it is manifestly improper to
put upon such a bill independent legislation.
A deficiency bill, it seems to me, ought not to
cover anything but deficiencies.
At the suggestion of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Kelsey] I will modify my
amendment and move to strike out from the
word ''and," in line tweuty-nine, down to
and including the word "Treasury,1'' in line
forty-eight, as follows:
And it is hereby provided, That no account for con-
tingent expenses at anyot the bureaus of the Treas-
ury Department shall hereafter be allowed, except
on the certificate ot the general superintendent of
the Treasury building that they are necessary and
proper, and that the prices paid are j ust and reason-
able; and the said superintendent shall keep a full,
just, and accurate account in detail of all amounts
expended under the head of contingent expenses for
the several bureaus of the Treasury Department,
which shall be transmitted to Congress by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury at every December session.
And the expenditure for furniture and repairs for
the same shall be made by the said superintendent,
subject to the approval of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury ; and it shall be the duty ot said superintendent
to keep a just and accurate account in detail of ail
the amounts paid for the purchase of furniture, and
also lor the repairs thereof, as well as a full state-
ment of the disposition of the old furniture; all of
which shall be transmitted to Congress at every
December session thereof by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
I do not propose to make any argument in
favor of my amendment. It is apparent to
everybody that this is legislation hero for the
purpose of sngar-coating the pill that this bill
provides we shall take, or else it is to establish
a different rule from that which is now pro-
vided by law. And I do not think that defi-
ciency bills ought to contain any such provis-
ions. They are intended to make up for what
we have heretofore failed to appropriate; and
they ought to be strictly confined to that pur-
pose. This idea of making appropriation bills
cover all kinds of legislation is njanifestly an
absurdity, and I hope this portion will be
stricken out.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am not surprised that the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge,]
and other members of the House should be
watchful of legislation in an appropriation bill,
and especially in a deficiency bill, and I honor
them for their attention. But they will observe
that all the legislation which is proposed in
these bills is in favor of a greater accountabil-
ity on the part of the officers charged with the
disbursing of these funds, and also in favor of
a greater economy. Therefore, if they desire,
as I have no doubt they do, to carry honesty
as well as economy into all the branches of the
public service, they ought not to oppose this
proposed legislation.
The portion of this paragraph now proposed
to be stricken out is simply a provision that the
superintendent of the Treasury building shall
certify that the expenditures are necessary and
proper; and also that certain expenses which
he himself incurs, such as the purchase of furni-
ture, now made without the supervision of any
one, shall hereafter be supervised by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, who shall himself, in
turn, certify that this furniture was necessary
and proper, and that an account of it shall be
sent to Congress at its session in December
next. My friend from Wisconsin will see that
it is in the interest of economy and of honesty,
although it may be, as he says, somewhat out
of place in an appropriation bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Allow me to suggest to
the gentleman that here is a provision simply
for appropriations that we neglected to appro-
priate heretofore. I suppose these expenses
have been in fact incurred already, or arrange-
ments have been made to incur them.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman is mista-
ken in that.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The persons have been
employed, and they have already earned their
wages. Why, then, limit the action of the offi-
cers who are to pay them ? Why not let tnein
be paid under existing laws ? And then, if
the gentleman desires, I may go with him to
establish the rule he seeks to establish hero.
But why put it on a deficiency bill ? Why not
keep those bills exclusively for deficiency pur-
poses?
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman is quite
correct in his theory, but quite as much in
error as to the fact. This appropriation is not
for past expenses, but for future expenditures.
The expenses which have been incurred up to
the present time, and which will be incurred
for some little time longer, will be paid out of
money already appropriated. But this item of
appropriation is to enable the Department to
run until the 30th day of June next. They
have had no right to anticipate this deficiency
bill and to expend money not yet appropriated ;
and as a matter of fact, they have not done it.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Eldridge ; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to move to amend
this paragraph by adding to it the following:
To complete the north wing of the Treasury
building and approaches, including all liabilities,
$16'i,509 20.
For repairs and preservation of public buildings.
$33,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The Clerk read as follows :
For contingent expenses of tho Treasury Depart-
ment and the several bureaus, 810,000.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am instructed by the
Committee on Appropriations to move to strike
out the clause just read.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For necessary expenses in carrying into cffect tho
several acts of Congress authorizing loans and the
issue of Treasury notes, $400,000.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am instructed by the
