816
THE -CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
February
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe the courts,
as far as they have decided upon it, have so
decided. A learned court, the supreme court
of the State of Indiana, has decided that a
contract to return money in gold is satisfied by
a tender of legal currency; It is not necessary
for me to say what my opinion about that is.
The court has so decided 5 aod I suppose, all
the courts that have passed .upotj it have ex-
pressed that opinion.
Mr. J3DMUNDS. Oh, no; not at all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Well, the supreme
court of Indiana claimed that they had. I do
not know exactly how that is; I have not read
all the decisions.
Now, X do not see any necessity for sending
this bill back to the committee. It has been
investigated by them. It is a unanimous report.
These facts are stated by the Senator from
California, and are now known to the Senate.
It is a meritorious claim where one party to a
contract prevented a compliance on the part
of the other party to the contract. The ques-
tion is, shall he be paid ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will inquire how much
this amount is ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is .$8,000; and I
would say to the Senator from New York a
limitation is upon it, and the Secretary cannot
go beyond it. He has no discretion beyond
that amount.
Mr. GRIMES. Eight thousand dollars in
coin ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. _ Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE. The criticisms or remarks, as
you please to term them, of the Senator from
Iowa, in my judgment, would have a great deal
more force if this were an application to vote
money directly from the Treasury to the pay-
ment of the claimant. The bill only proposes,
however, to authorize a public officer, one of
the Secretaries, to examine and adjust the
claim. He will look into the facts; he is author-
ized to do that; and he will not make any pay-
ment whatever unless it is found to be due. I
am quite willing to accept the amendment of
the Senator from New York, confining it to
such equities or legal rights as would exist
between individuals, and not, as in this case,
between the Government and one of its citizens.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am impressed with the
difficulty suggested by the Senator from Iowa.
Here we have a written report of the commit-
tee which purports to state the case, and in
stating that case it seems, by accident or de-
sign, they have wholly omitted the grounds on
which any equity would arise in favor of the
claim. On the contrary they have stated a case
which, if it is correct, plainly shows that the
claimants have no equity at all. Now, the
question is, it being stated by Senators on this
floor that that report as it reads does not con-
tain all the facts which are essential to that
equity, whether we shall send it back to our
own court, the Committee on Claims, to retry
it, to reinvestigate and re-report upon it, so that
we can have all the facts from them before us,
or whether wc shall decide upon that report,
as we must, directly in the face of the conclu-
sion to which the report should come? Now,
it may be, and I dare say it will so turn out,
that the Senator from California is right in his
personal apprehension of what these facts are.
It will only take a day or two for the commit-
tee to ascertain it if it is so, and then all of
us will feel justified in going for the bill. I
hope, therefore, he will not object to its being
sent back to have the investigation made.
^ Mr. COLE. The honorable Senator from
Vermont knows as well as any person the
great difficulty in getting a measure of this
u? ^or consideration before the Senate.
v\ hen he remarks that it will take but a day
or two he certainly realizes at the same time
the very great difficulty there is in getting a
matter of this sort up again. If it is referred
to the committee, it will probably remain where
it has been a year already, and perhaps longer.
I hope, therefore, that this disposition will
not be made of it, inasmuch as the bill is
simply a reference of the claim to the Secre-
tary of the Interior to make an examination.
If it were to be referred to the Court of Claims
it would not be necessary to present any re-
port whatever in connection with it, or any
statement of the facts upon which the claim is
based. We would refer it to the .Court of
.Claims by a naked resolution in all probability;
and the same reason, in my judgment, applies
where we refer a claim to the head of a De-
partment to examine and adjust it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why, Mrj President,
there does not appear to have, been any great
difficulty in getting this claim before the Sen-
ate for consideration. This is the first time
that anybody, to my knowledge, has made the
attempt, and it came \ip as easy as a bubble
comes to the surface of the water. There is
no difficulty about it. Any Senator can get up
a private claim before this body for considera-
tion any morning almost.
Mr. CONNESS. That is not fair.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Perhaps, as my frieud sug-
gests, I am stating it a little too broadly when
I say " any Senator;" but I will say a good
many Senators can get a claim before this body.
Of course it would be impossible for the Chair
to recognize everybody at once, except in ex-
ecutive session, I might say if I were not tell-
ing tales out of school. So that there is no
difficulty at all in having.this claim investigated
by the committee, in having the committee,
through my friend from California, put into the
report the facts which are stated to exist, and
which he did not feel authorized to put into the
report before, which would give these people
some claith injustice upon us.
Mr. CONNESS. I know nothing about the
facts of this case. My colleague has examined
them, and I am willing to take his statement.
I only rose to say that it is the claim of an
elderly woman who has been here for a long
period of time, and it is not very convenient
for her to go before the Court of Claims. She
can present her claim to the Secretary of the
Interior and have it examined there. If it is
now postponed, notwithstanding the ease with
which the honorable Senator from Vermont
says private claims may be called up I doubt
whether it can be called up again during this
session. I have wished to call this bill up for
HUHjy mornings, for the accommodation of this
poor woman, but I could not get the opportunity
to do it. I hope we will pass "upon it now. I
think the statement made in its behalf by the
Senators who have spoken are sufficient to get
a vote of the Senate, and I hope we shall vote
and dispose of it in some way now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on recommitting the bill to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the bill will not bo
recommitted to the Committee on Claims. I
was not very well satisfied with the report my-
self ; but I was as well satisfied as I should be
if it should be recommitted. I think the Sen-
ate have substantially all the facts in the case
before them, and they can just as well determ-
ine now as at any later day whether they will
pay this claim or not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Which facts ; the facts
in the report or the facts stated by the Senator
from California?
Mr. HOWE. You have both the report and
the statement of the Senator from California,
who made the report. You have all the light
before you now that you will have after send-
ing it back to the committee; and we have so
many cases before us that I think we ought to
be spared the examination of a case more than
once.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is 011 recommitting the bill.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from New York.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask that it be read.
Mr. HARLAN. I now renew my motion.
I do not think it has been a very common thing
in the Senate, when a Senator has risen in his
place and said that he desired personally to
examine a bill before it is acted upon, to deny
him that privilege. I do not wish to throw
any obstacle in the way of the passage of the
bill. I desire to look into it personally.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope it will be laid over
for that purpose, with the understanding that
we can take it up again.
Mr. GRIMES. And I hope some Senator
in favor of this bill will produce to us a copy
of the order of the Secretary of the Interior
suspending this contract, and let us see what
the facts are about it.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday, being the bill (H. R. No.
1570) making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, J.870, and for
other purposes, is now before the Senate aa in
Committee of the Whole, the' pending ques-
tion being on the motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buckalew,] to strike out
the following clause:
For expenses under the act of Congress to oarry
into effect the treaty between the United States and
her Britannic Majesty for the suppression of the
African slave trade, $12,500: Provided, 1 bat the sal-
aries of the judges and other officers shall be paid
to them only upon the condition that they reside at
the places where the courts are to bo held, as pro-
vided for by law, and only for so much of the time
as they reside at such places.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, the Sen-
ate will remember that I withdrew this motion
yesterday at one point of time in order to
avoid embarrassment in the discussion of the
question of order which arose. I renewed it,
however, before the adjournment.
Now, sir, this motion of mine for the first
time brings before the Senate directly and free
from all embarrassment the question of making
this appropriation. That has not been voted
upon ; and I desire to test the sense of the
Senate in view of all that has taken place on
that point, to wit, the question of the appro-
priation. Let us understand, and let the coun-
try understand, whether, after paying for six
or seven years ยง12,500per annumfornothing,
it is possible for us to stop the appropriation
of the money ; at all events, whether it is not
possible for us to withhold the appropriation
for a fiscal year which will not begin until the
1st of July next, the present existing appro-
priations covering the whole period of time up
to that date.
I have no doubt in my own mind that after
the 4th of March the State Department as
reorganized will relieve us from this whole
expenditure. The State Department will give
notice to these officers that Congress has made
no appropriation for the coming fiscal year,
and that their services, if indeed that word be
not a misnomer, can be dispensed with and
will be dispensed with by the Government after
that date. And in the very improbable, the
almost impossible case, that the British Gov-
ernment should make "any question upon this,
I suppose our Secretary of State can, as I said
yesterday, negotiate a simple convention in a
few moments which will relieve both Govern-
ments from any possibility of outlay for this
object hereafter. I do not doubt that the Eng-
lish Government will be just as anxious as our
own, if its attention shall be called to the sub-
ject, to terminate this useless expenditure. It
is said that they pay their officials or have paid
their officials a great deal more money than we
have paid ours; and as economy is the cry in
Great Britain both within and without the
Houses of Parliament, and apparently much
stronger than it is here, I do not doubt that the
first suggestion by our State Department that
there is a necessity for terminating this portion
of the slave-trade treaty will be met promptly.
At all^ events, as I stated before, there is no
necessity at this time for making the appro-
priation at all. If 110 action shall be taken
after the 4th of March, and if the State De-
