1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1569
Committee 011 Appropriations to move to
amend this paragraph, by adding to it the fol-
lowing :
Provided, That no part of the money hereby ap-
propriated shall be paid for clerk hire or other ser-
vice, except to persons actually engaged in produc-
ing such issues in the Bureau of Engraving and
Printing.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to this clause.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman can offer
his amendment after the one I have offered
has been acted on. -
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Scofield ; and it was agreed to.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to amend by adding
to the pending paragraph the following addi-
tional paragraph:
And provided further. That no work shall be done
in the Engraving and Printing Bureau for private
parties or persons.
Mr. Chairman, I am reliably informed, al-
though I have no personal knowledge on the
subject, that Laban, Heath & Co., a Boston
firm, are now having made at the Treasury
Department for their own private purposes
impressions of the different kinds of bonds and
currency. The purpose, I understand, is to
insert them in some book or to distribute them
through the country in some form for private
gain. The privilege which these parties are
enjoying is one for which other parties are
willing to pay $50,000. The precise manner
in which this privilege was obtained I do not
know. I have heard various theories suggested
in regard to the matter. It is said that this
work is done without the knowledge of the
Secretary of the Treasury, but with the con-
sent or connivance of some of the subordi-
nates of the Department. As to that I have
no definite information. But of one thing I
am quite certain, that impressions of this sort
ought not to go into private hands and be used
for private purposes. Hence out of abund-
ance of caution, the proviso which I have
offered should, I think, be adopted.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It has not come to the
knowledge of tbe Committee on Appropria-
tions that any such abuse has crept into this
Department; but there ean be no objection, so
far as I can see, to the amendment. Cer-
tainly I shall raise none.
Mr. WELKER. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] will allow me,
I wish to make an inquiry of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack.] I would like
to know from what source the gentleman from
Indiana obtains his information?
Mr. NIBLACK. I get it from a gentleman
who has been connected with the Treasury
Department, and I believe still is, though I am
not certain of that.
Mr. WELKER. The joint Committee on
Retrenchment has been making a very thor-
ough examination into all matters connected
with the Printing Bureau of the Treasury De-
partment, and so far as I know have obtained
no information of any such fact as that stated
by the geulleman from Indiana. I should be
glad if the gentleman would put some member
of the committee in possession of any informa-
tion he may have upon the subject.
Mr. NIBLACK. Any gentleman who may
feel himself aggrieved by the statement I have
made can learn from me privately the source
of my information.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For supplying deficiency in the fund for tbe relief
of sick and disabled seamen, $50,000.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend by
inserting after the paragraph just read the fol-
lowing:
For temporary clerks in tbe Treasury Department,
$50,000.
This appropriation is in the estimates, and
I am told it is indispensably necessary.
On the amendment, there were—ayes 16,
noes 35 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Spalding] demand a further count?
Mr. SPALDING. I do.
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 99.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Spalding and
Mr. Farxsworth were appointed. -
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to inquire
whether this appropriation is embraced in the
estimates for the present fiscal year or for the
next?
Mr. SPALDING. It is in the estimates of
deficiencies for the present fiscal year. I am
told that these clerks are now employed, and
this appropriation is to pay them for their
services.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I hope it will
be adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order
while the committee is dividing.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes forty-two, noes not counted.
The CHAIRMAN. Less than a majority of
a quorum voting in favor of the amendment it
is not adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
For amount required to supply deficiency in the
appropriation for expenses of courts, $100,000; and
hereafter there shaU be no authority to employ and
retain counsel to assistdistrictattorneys without the
further order of Congress.
Mr. AXTELL. Iraise apointoforderupon
the last clause of this paragraph, beginning
with the words " and hereafter."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to insert the
following:
There shall be no money paid out of this appro-
priation to employ and retain counsel to assist district
attorneys without further order of Congress.
Mr. AXTELL. I make the point that this
is new legislation, and therefore not in order
to an appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The present reading of the
amendment makes it clearly a limitation of the
law and brings it within the rule.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I do not
know it is worth while to say anything on this
amendment; but from the points of order raised
on it there would appear to be considerable
opposition to it. It came to the knowledge of
the committee that, under a law passed during
the war, when there was a great amount of
business thrown upon the United States courts
assistant counsel were employed by the district
attorneys. In some districts I think they em-
ployed more than one. It came to the knowledge
of the committee that these men were no longer
needed.
Under that law a district attorney could
employ an assistant counsel who would do all
the duty of the office, while the district attorney
paid no attention to it, but all the time drew a
large salary. We thought that the law ought
to be repealed and that the district attorneys
should not be allowed to employ assistant
counsel at all. It is not necessary at this time
that they should have that power. The amend-
ment was put on in a bungling way and was
subject to the criticism of the gentleman from
Wisconsin. It was put on for the purpose of
doing good; for the purpose of effecting a
reform and saving a large sum of money to
the Treasury.
Mr. AXTELL. Let me ask the gentleman
a question. If this amendment be adopted
that assistant counsel shall not hereafter be
employed, why then should we appropriate
$400,000 to pay for such counsel ? If the com-
mittee determines that practice shall not pre-
vail in the future is this appropriation neces-
sary ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. It is all needed. When
I can get the floor to do so I shall move to
increase it to $500,000. I will say that it does
not make any difference how much we appro-
priate in this clause, because it is all to be paid
to judicial officers whose salaries are fixed by
law. If we make it larger not a dollar can be
paid except it is called for under the law.
Mr. Biioomall's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I now move to increase
the appropriation to $500,000.
Mr. McCORMICK. Why is that large in-
crease necessary ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. The Department ;!bas
notified us that it is needed. :
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 41, noes 15: no quorum voting.
Mr. BURR. We will withdraw all opposi-
tion if we can have a satisfactory explanation
why the Committee on Appropriations have
made this mistake of $100,000.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I thought in reply to the
interrogatory of the gentleman from Missouri
I had answered that. The first estimate was
for $400,000. The President sent-a message
to the House:covering a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior requesting that the appro-
priation should be increased to $500,000.- It
is to be paid on fixed salaries which cannot Be
enlarged or diminished. Perhaps the gentle-
man has read in the papers that the judges
were not able to draw their salaries because the
appropriation was exhausted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to insert/the fol-
lowing :
For surveys of tbe Atlantic, Pacific, and Gul f eo ast,
$40,000.
Mr. Chairman, this appropriation is to en-
able the Coast Survey to be carried on during
the spring and until the 30th day of June next.
The appropriation for that purpose is nearly
exhausted. We have the officers regularly
employed at a salary, and all the materials for
carrying on the work, and the professor in
charge of the Coast Survey says that the work
is about to be stopped from mere lack of
expense money.
More than this sum was asked for, but when
the Superintendent came before the commit-
tee he concluded that he could get along with
$40,000, Most gentlemen here know Professor
Pierce, the Superintendent, who was mathe-
matical professor at one of the New England
colleges. He is a mau of great learning. He
is a man of probity, and we have the best
assurance that the money will be carefully ex-
pended.
Mr. HARDING. This is a deficiency. How
much has been appropriated during the year?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Nearly half a million.
If I understand the gentleman correctly it is
no deficiency, but an appropriation to con-
tinue that survey till the end of the present
year. We appropriated for that purpose last
year nearly half a million dollars, a very large
sum, which in my opinion should be sufficient
for any one year. I trust the amendment will
not prevail.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have now the appro-
priation for the last year. The whole sum for
the Atlantic and Pacific coast was $145,000.
This is a deficiency for the Atlantic coast alone.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does that include the
item for repairs and maintenances of vessels,
$30,000?
Mr. SCOFIELD. That covers everything.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The law of last year pro-
vided for the survey of the Atlantic and Gulf
coast, $275,000; for the western coast of the
United States, $130,000 ; for publishing obser-
vations, $5,000; for pay, rations, &c., $10,000;
and for repairs and maintenance of comple-
ment of vessels, $30,000; approximating nearly
to the amount I stated, namely, $500,000 for
the last year. And now we are asked to appro-
priate to continue the survey during the rest
of the year $50,000 more. It is certainly a
degree of extravagance that is unnecessary, in
my judgment, in the present state of the public
Treasury.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The estimate sent us by
the Department in the first place for this defi-
ciency was $160,000, and we have cut it down
to $40,000, which we think is pretty small. I
expected to get some credit in the House for
the zeal with which we have whittled down this
item. While I always go for the smallest ap-
propriation I could not find any way to dodge
this, and so I had to vote for it myself. I
believe the whole committee indorse it unani-
mously. The Committee of the Whole may
do with it as they see fit.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to reduce the
