1£10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February ;25,
- amount to $25,000. I hope the amendment
of the committee will not be adopted. If there
is an extravagant feature in this Government,
considering the nature of the duties performed,
it is this Coast Survey. I have never known
a gentleman connected with the Committee on
Appropriations who was able to explain the
cause of this everlasting expense. The con-
stant tendency of this particular branch of the
service is to a deficiency. The vessels are fur-
nished by the Government, the officers are in
the pay of the Government, and yet hundreds
of thousands of dollars are appropriated an-
nually for this purpose.
Mr. HARDING. Some civilians, I think,
are engaged in this survey; it is not exclu-
sively done by persons belonging to the Navy.
That is my information.
Mr. HOLMAN. I supposed all the officers
performing this duty were in some form or
other salaried men and paid out of other ap-
propriations, and that the whole amount ex-
pended under this appropriation was for con-
tingent expenses. There has never been, so
far as I am informed, an intelligent statement
to the House of the cause of this enormous
expenditure. It is a very proper branch of
the service ; it is indispensable; but it seems
to me there is no necessity for expending so
large a sum year after year without any expla-
nation. I think we have a right to require
some explanation.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to make a slight
amendment of the figures I presented a moment
ago. I find there has been appropriated for
the survey of the Atlantic and Gulf coasts, for
the Pacific, and for the northern and north-
western lakes (I did not include the latter be-
fore) the sum of $525,000.
Hr.HOLMAN. Add to that the salaries of
the officers employed, the cost of the vessels
brought into the service, and the expenditure
for the Coast Survey runs up into millions annu-
ally. I trust this branch of the service, unex-
plained as it is, will be limited to the annual
appropriation, and that the favor which is some-
times extended to other branches of the service
will not be extended to this. I withdraw the
amendment.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Scofielb, there were—ayes GX, noes 26;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Scofiei.d
and Benjamin were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 92, noes 27.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows under the head of
"House of Representatives:"
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
laborers, $9,975.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am instructed by the
Committee on Appropriations to offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in after line seven-
ty-two :
To defray expenses of joint Committee on Re-
trenchment, $4,000, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary: Provided, That said sum bediawn l'rom
the Treasury upon the order of the Secretary of the
feenate as the same shall be required, and any por-
tion of the amount hereby appropriated that shall
be allowed by said joint committee to witnesses at-
tending oefore it or persons employed in its service
for per dtetii, traveling, and othemcce-sary expenses
paid by said Secretary in pursuance of the orders of
said committee shall be accordingly allowed by the
accounting officeis of the Treasury.
To pay balance due for twenty-four copies of the
Congressional Globe and Appendix lor each Repre-
sentative and Delegate and one hundred copies ior
the House Library m the second session of the
Fortieth Congress, $18,420.
To pay for twenty-four copies of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix ior each Representative and
delegate and one hundred copies for the Houso
Library and for pages in excess of one thousand five
hundred in the third session of the Fortieth Congress,
$26,452.
To pay for reporting and printing the debates and
proceeding in the Daily Globe, $3,700.
To pay tor complete sets of the Congressional Globe
and Appendix for new members entitled to receive
the same under the law of July 4, I8u4, ,$7,518.
Mr. AXTELL. I desire to make a sug-
gestion to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
in relation to these Congressional Globes. I
am informed that they are not furnished to the
judges of the Supreme Court, and I would like
the amendment to contain an appropriation
for copies of the Globe for each one of the jus-
tices of the Supreme Court. I think it would
be very proper.
Mr. SCOFiELD. I would inform the gen-
tleman from California that the Committee on
Appropriations have no power to contract with
the printers of the Globe to furnish any other
copies than those for which we have a con-
tract. We make the appropriation just as the
law stands.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to inquire
if we did not appropriate money two years ago
to pay for complete sets of the Globe for new
members of the present Congress under the
contract? Now, then, what new members are
there that have come in since?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will inform the gen-
tleman from Illinois that there was such an
appropriation two years ago, and the books
were furnished in accordance with the contract
made with the owners of the Globe to the
amount of the appropriation. New members
have since come in—the southern members and
others who were entitled under the law to get
these Globes. So far as this amendment re-
lates to complete sets of the Globe it is to pay
that deficiency.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This is for new
members who have come in since the com-
mencement of this Congress ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. It is.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
Now Mexico:
For salary of the secretary of the Territory as ex
officio superintendent of the public grounds, from July
28,186S, to June 30,1839, at $1,000 per annum, $920 38:
Provided, That after the expiration of tne present
fiscal year the said secretary shall only receive$2.000
per annum, and no more, m full compensation ior all
official service?, whether as secretary or superin-
tendent of public buildings and grounds.
Mr. PAINE. I move to strike out all that
relates to the secretary of the Territory of New
Mexico, and I will state to the committee why
I make that motion. By the act passed July
27, 1868, it was provided that the annual sal-
ary of the secretary of this Territory should be
S2,000 from and after the 1st day of February.
1867, and by that act we gave him $1,000 for
his services as superintendent of public build-
ings and grounds. Now,inthissameyear, 1868,
in the appropriation bill of July 20, 1808, we
appropriated $12,000 to pay the salaries of the
Governor, secretary, chief justice, and two asso-
ciate justices of that Territory; and what is
their salary? The salary of the Governor, as
it stands here in the law which I have before
me, raised to its highest figure, is $2,500; that
of the secretary is $2,000, unless you add the
$1,000 for superintending public grounds,
which by this proviso we have no right to do;
then the salary of the chief justice and two asso-
ciate justices is $2,000 each, making $6,000;
so that the entire amount of the salaries of these
officers is $10,500, if you do not allow the sec-
retary $1,000 for superintending the public
grounds m addition to the $2,000. Now, it
I appears to me that that proviso cuts off the
addition, excludes the possibility of adding the
$1,000 to the $2,000 allowed by law; but if
you do add the $1,000, then the entire salaries
of these five officers will be $11,500, and we
appropriated $12,000.
Mr. SPALDING. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question. Has he the law before
him creating this superintendency of public
grounds ?
Mr. PAINE. I have.
Mr. SPALDIXG. The committee looked at
that law and concluded that it made the pay
perpetual. The object of this provision is to
repeal that act if we can do so.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman does not under-
stand me. 1 have moved to strike out the whole
of the provision relating to this officer. Even
if ho is to receive a salary of $3,000 we have
already appropriated $500 more than is re-
quired to pay ail these officers, because, as I
have shown, if you give this additional $1,000
to this secretary the salaries for all the officers
are but $11,590. If you cut off' this additional
$1,000 you will then bave to pay but $10,500;
and we appropriated §12,500 in the act of July
27, 1868. Under either construction of the act
there is no deficiency; put whatever construc-
tion you will upon it there is already a surplus
and not a deficiency. I see. therefore, no
reason for appropriating for a deficiency when
none exists.
Mt. SPALDING. I cannot understand the
reasoning of the gentleman. Suppose that we
have appropriated $11,000.
Mr. PAINE. Twelve thousand dollars.
Mr. SPALDING. Suppose the appropria-
tion had been $12,000 or even $20,000 ; this
secretary could draw only his salary as secre-
tary, $2,000, and as superintendent of the
public grounds, $1,000. If there was $1,000
of the appropriation left he has no benefit of
it. But he now comes in and requires us to
pay the balance of the salary as superintend-
ent. That is what we are providing for here,
and we want to stop it hereafter.
Mr. PAINE. At the conclusion of the sec-
tion of the act which gives tbe secretary of that
Territory $1,000 as superintendent of public
grounds is found a proviso in these words:
Provided, That the annual salary of the secretary
of said Territory shall be §2,000 per annum from and
after the 1st day of February, 1S67.
Now, his salary never was $2,000 a year
before this act was passed; it was only $1,800.
Now, if you are to give him $3,000, including
$1,000 for salary as superiitendent of public
grounds, I do not exactly understand what
that proviso means. I hold that $2,000 is the
maximum of his salary. But I say that even
if his salary is $3,000 we have already made
an appropriation sufficient to pay bim and all
the officers of the Territory and $500 over.
The question was taken on the amendment
of Mr. Paine, to strike out the paragraph ; and
it was not agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The Clerk read as follows:
Colorado:
For supplying deficiency in the appropriation for
the salaries of the Governor, judges, and secretary,
caused by the increase of compensation to the judges,
by act of March 2, 1867, $1,000.
Dakota:
For amount required to pay the increased salaries
to the judges of Dakota Terntory, authorized by act
of March 2,1867. $5,000.
Idaho Territory:
For amount required to pay increased salaries to
the judges of the Territory of Idaho, authorized by
act of March 2,1867, $3,1/00.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to insert the fol-
lowing after the last paragraph read:
For refunding to theappropriation for the legisla-
tive expenses of Idaho Territory the amount ad-
vanced from this fund and not accounted for by the
secretary of said Territory, $38,000.
The amendment  'as agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Montana Territory :
For amount roriuirod to pny tho increased salaries
of the judges, authorized by tuo act of March 2,1867,
$2,000.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to insert the fol-
lowing after the paragraph just read:
For amount required to pay outstanding liabilities
on account of compensation and mileage ofmerabers
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and con-
tingent expenses of the Assembly, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I move to insertthe
following after the amendment justadopted:
Provided, That from and after tbe 30th day of
June next the salaries of the judges of Utah Terri-
tory shall be thesame as now paid to judges in Idaho
and Montana Territories.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I raise the point of order
that this is not a deficiency and not in order
on this bill.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I hope no objec-
tion will be made to my amendment as it is
certainly just and proper.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. 1 have examined this
matter and I am satisfied this amendment
should I'M adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment, is in order.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—■
ayes 30, noes 37 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. iNGERSOLL. I call for tellers. This
