§18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
of: State sent to. the Secretary of the Navy in-
formation to that effect' and requested him to
Carry out the treaty, and he flatly refused to do
it because it was a cheat on the part of the
English Government against the American
Government; it was an effort, as he believed,
on the part of the English Government to pre-
vent the search of English merchantmen by
oar nien-of-war.during the late struggle, and
be refused tocarry out the treaty until England
backed down atid modified her claims.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I inquire of my friend
whether it is not time to 'put" an end to the
treaty? . . ..
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.- I
think so.
Mr. CONNESS. I think, therefore) we .had
better add the l&nguage I propose.
The PliESIDUNT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from California moves to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin by adding
the words " and thePresidentis hereby directed
to make such application to the British Govern-
ment."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is ton the amendment of the Senator
from Wisconsin as amended.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, we are now
in the third day of a discussion launched by
the Senator from New Hampshire in his desire
to terminate an' existing treaty for the sup-
pression of the slave trade. For three days it
has been discussed, and now the question is
again revived. I had supposed yesterday that
it had been brought to an end. It is revived
in another form, bnt it is precisely the same
question on which we have so often voted. It
is simply this: shall we stand by an existing
treaty according, to its terms? In other words,
shall we preserve the faith to which as a nation
we are pledged ; and that pledge, too, against
the slave trade? That is the question which
was presented in the earlier stages of the dis-
cussion. It is presented again in the present
form which it assumes.
Now, I do not wish to repeat what I have so
often said which, to my mind, seems so clear.
If the Senate is disposed' to terminate this
treaty let it do it in the proper way; let it fol-
low the terms of the treaty; or, if it must antici-
pate those terms, let it direct an inquiry in the
proper way to the Executive to take such steps
as shall be needed in order to bring it to an
end; but do not let us now by legislation
undertake to do what legislation ought not to
do. We ought not now by a simple legisla-
tive act to undertake to override a treaty of
the United States. We ought not by the uni-
lateral act of the Congress of the United States
to attempt to break an existing contract between
the United States and another Government.
That contract can only be changed by the con-
sent of both parties. By both parties it was
originally made. By both parties must it bo
terminated or modified. Now, sir, the inherent
vice of all these various propositions that have
been brought forward is that we are attempt-
ing to do by ourselves what we cannot do justly;
what we have not the power to do.
I might stop here ; and yet I cannot allude
to the subject again without expressing my
deep regret that a great and glorious act in the
history of our Republic has found on this floor
such an assault; that any one here has been
willing to discredit what hereafter the historian
will record with pride. When that treaty was
ratified it was felt by all of us in this Chamber
whose sympathies were with the national cause;
it was felt by all out of the Chamber, on the
field of battle or elsewhere, who, throbbing in
sympathy with the Republic ; it was felt by our
friends abroad who gave us the succor of their
good will, that we had done a great act for
civilization, one which would receive the bless-
tpg of God and secure success to our arms.
That success was obtained ; and still further,
the treaty at once went into beneficent opera-
> it did its work. Never, perhaps, in his-
tory was there any treaty which did at once so
complete a work. It was said in antiquity,
and indeed the same has been repeated in
modern t:mes, that the most glorious treaty of
all history was that by which the Carthaginians
stipulated in a city of Sicily against the sacrifice
of children. That was required and set down
in the terms of a treaty, and history.has re-
corded it as a great and beneficent act. Sir,
here was a treaty stipulation between two great
Powers .by , which new securities were given
for the suppression of that great scourge of
humanity, the slave trade. It must always be
mentioned with honor for what it did and for
its inherent character. I am sorry that now,
during these last few-days of its existence, it
should be reviled on this floor ; that a treaty
so intrinsically good, so beautiful, so sublime
should find a detractor here, sir, I regret it
deeply., .
There is nothing _ of politics in this. It is
humanity ; it is Christianity ; it is civilization;
and when the Senator from New Hampshire
assails this treaty and says it has done no good,
he assails one of the great monuments in the
history of this Republic. Does the Senator
know the condition of New York before this
treaty was ratified? It was a mere den of
slave-traders. From that metropolis the slavers
sallied forth for their prey, and our flag was dis-
disgraced. This treaty came, and the wicked
work ceased; Those ships, - 1 -
" Built in the eclipse and rigged with curses dark,"
which had gone forth from that harbor so con-
stantly on their work'of wretchedness, were all
stopped. Not one has gone forth since. That
is the achievement of this treaty. Sir, if the
treaty has now done its perfect work, if there
is no longer any occasion for its recognition,
let us at least treat it with honor. Let us give
to it the credit which is its due. Do not let us
revile it. And if the time has come for its term-
ination, let it be terminated honorably, so
that the historian hereafter shall speak of all
our conduct in this great business with praise.
Mr. PATTERSON, of NewHampsliire. Mr.
President, I said a few moments since that I
would not speak on thu subject again ; and if
the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts
had not treated us to another piece of offensive
declamation I certainly should not. He per-
sists in his attempt to stigmatize me with an
effort to strike down this treaty for the sup-
pression of the African slave trade. That is an
entire misrepresentation of my purpose ; it is
a diversion of this discussion from its legiti-
mate end and object; and, sir, he must not
expect that I am to sit here quietly and be thus
abused and calumniated by him or any other
Senator in this Hall. I care not what his po-
sition is, it. does not justify him in such a course,
and I shall not patiently endure it. Why, siri
calling names accomplishes nothing. I might
select any Senator upon this floor and call him
themost patient, of animals with a pack of books
on his shoulder, which he deems the national
divinity; but it would not make him so. My
object in making this motion was to save to
the Government $1*2,000. We have already
paid out over one hundred thousand dollars in
the support of these courts, which have accom-
plished nothing, absolutely nothing. They have
never had a case since the courts came into
existence, as I know from a member of one
of the courts. The slave trade is dead, and
I honor all the instrumentalities by which that
great consummation was secured. I honor the
efforts of the gentleman from Massachusetts in
this direction; but I do not honor his efforts to
dishonor me with the accusation of friendli-
ness to the cause of slavery or the slave trade
because I have made an effort upon the floor
of the Senate to stop a useless expenditure of
public funds. Here, sir. in our official posi-
tion, we are peers ; and I do not- think it is in
good taste forany gentleman, whatever his posi-
tion before the country or in the Senate may
be, to come in here and attempt to lord it over
others, to play the dictator, or to fawn upon
Senators; and for one, sir,-1 shall not quietly
endure it when- the attempt is made.
. Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts complains of the
length of the debate upon this small question—•
smali at least in amount; but in making'that
complaint he forgets that he himself has par-
tieipated very liberally "in the discussion suid
has occupied probably more'than twice as much
of the time as any other member of the body.
Now, sir, for one I do not eomplain of the
length of time which he has occupied in the
discussion of his side of this question.- It was
his right, and he has' but. pursued it, laying
before - us elaborately and frequently those
strong feelings* perhaps, rather than opinions,
which he- holds upon this question. Bur, sir,
we who resist this appropriation, who believe
it to be wrong, who believe it to De profligate,
are justified in resistingas long as debate con-
tinues .any and all arguments which may be
presented in its favor 5 and we have but exer-
cised that privilege and performed that duty.
Now, sir, this question raised by my motion
to strike out the appropriation entirely has not
been before the Senate and has not been voted
upon. The Senator from Maine says that the
general question .was discussed yesterday.- That
is very true; but the question of the making
of any appropriation at all has not been sub-
mitted to a vote. That is all that I ask by the
amendment which I have proposed.
In addition to what I stated before, we have
the fact that the Secretary of the Navy has
made a formal recommendation to the Secre-
tary of State to take steps for the' abrogation
of this treaty of those obligations for which we
propose to provide means a year in advancer
of any pretended necessity. The executive
department of the Government has had its atten-
tion called to that very question, and theSeere-
tary of the Navy has moved in his official
capacity. Are we to come in, apd by a free
vote of this money for 1869—70 suggest to the
Secretary of State that he shall not hearken
to this advice, that this litfe abuse—little in
amount though important in principle—shall
be continued hereafter?
Sir, I shall not prolong the debate. I have
stated all that I thought necessary in vindica-
tion of my motion.
Mr. FOWLER. I desire to ask the Senator
from Pennsylvania what these courts cost per
annum? .
Mr. BUCKALEW. I ask members to look
at the Globe containing the debate of yester-
day, and particularly the explanation then given
by the Senator from Massachusetts. Ho read
over yesterday a list of the officials that have
been pensioned by the Treasury for six or seven
years. It is a liest of New York politicians
holding sinecure offices, and held there for no
reason in the world except from the accident
of the particular organization of the State De-
partment. ' I have 110 question that this abuse
will cease, and cease within a brief period of
time, if wo do not vote this money.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It seems to me that the
amendment presented by the Senator from Wis-
consin leaves no question for debate.
Mr. CONNESS. Will my friend from In-
diana permit the amendment to be read as it ^3
now modified? I have suggested a modifica-
tion of the language since the vote was taken.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understand that the
modification is adopted.
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir; and I desire to
have it read, that it may be understood.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin, as now amended and
modified, reads:
And provided further. That no part of the money
hereby appropriated shall be drawn from tho Treas-
ury unless the President of the United States, on
application to #the Government of Great Britain,
(which application he is hereby requested to make,)
becomes satisfied that such Government objects to
the discontinuance of the mixed court3 provided for
by treaty before the time fixed for their termiaatioa
by said treaty.
