1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1571
is a perfectly just amendment, and should be
adopted. It simply puts this judge on an equal-
ity as to salary with other territorial judges.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Ingersoll
and Mr. Spalding were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes fifty-seven, noes not counted.
So the amendment was adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
Wyoming Territory:
For the expenses of the Territory from January 1,
1863, to June 30.1869, ua.uiely:
For Governor, $1,500.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I move to amend the
paragraph just read by striking out " 1868,"
and inserting " 1869so as to read '' 1869.''
This Territory was not organized as early as
January, 1868.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend by
striking out the pending paragraph. I offer
this amendment for the purpose of inquiring
whether there is any territorial government of
Wyoming. If not, why should we appropriate
this considerable amountof money for this Ter-
ritory ? 1 believe there is as yet neither a Gov-
ernor, a secretary, nor a Legislature in Wyom-
ing. This is an appropriation from January 1,
1869, till June 30, I860. The Delegate from
Dakota directs my attention to the provision
of a succeeding paragraph, that—
The compensation of the said officers of the said
Territoiy of Wyoming shall not commence until they
shall have been commissioned and qualified.
But there is an appropriation of $10,000 for
the Legislative Assembly of the Territory. I
believe the Legislative Assembly of that Terri-
tory has never met. I ask the gentleman hav-
ing charge of this bill whether a Legislature
has been elected, and if so, whether it will
assemble during the present fiscal year?
Mr. SCOFIELD. The Territory of Wyo-
ming has been organized, but the officers have
not entered on their duties because the selec-
tions of the President were not confirmed by
the Senate. Under the supposition that offi-
cers would be appointed and would be con-
firmed by the Senate in accordance with the
recommendation of the Department the com-
mittee inserted the appropriations necessary
to pay their salaries ; but they added a proviso
that the salaries shall not commence till the
officers shall have been actually commissioned.
No portion of this sum can go to pay for ser-
vices prior to the date of the commission.
Mr. COOK. I would like to inquire whether
the act organizing this Territory did not ex-
pressly provide that it should not take effect
til! the territorial officers had been respectively
appointed and qualified?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think that is the fact.
But this appropriation is not inconsistent with
that legislation.
Mr. COOK. Is there not such an incon-
sistency in the appropriation for the salary of
the secretary? for the proviso embraced in
this bill does not cover that appropriation.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paixe.]
Mr. PAINE. I was about to ask my friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] substan-
tially the same question which has been put by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr, Cook ;] that
is, whether the proviso in this bill covers the
case of the secretary of this Territory? The
proviso refers apparently to the officers named
in the preceding part of the bill, and the appro-
priation for the secretary comes afterward. The
same remark is true with regard to the officers
of the Legislature for whom an appropriation
of $10,000 is made.
Mr. SCOFIELD. To remedy the difficulty
which has been suggested I will at the proper
time move an amendment to the proviso strik-
ing out the word ''said'' before "officers.''
The proviso was designed to apply to ail the
officers of the Territory.
Mr. POLAND. 1 wish to inquire whether
these appropriations are not in some way af-
fected by the provision we adopted last night
making the sessions of the Legislatures of all
these Territories biennial? I understand that
this appropriation is merely to pay the expenses
of the territorial Legislature up to the end of
the present fiscal year. But, sir, no Legislature
has yet been elected.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That is a contingency.
The gentleman will see that we make an appro-
priation for this territorial Legislature, and not
for the others.
Mr. POLAND. Is there any reason to sup-
pose there will be a territorial Legislature
before the end of this fiscal year, so there will
be a need for any appropriation at all? We
made an appropriation for the next fiscal year
in the-bill which went through last night,
Mr. SCOFIELD. It is expected that the
Legislature will meet there before the end of
the present fiscal year.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows :
For chief justice and two associate justices, £2,500
each, $3,750: Provided, That the compensation of
the said officers of the said Territory of Wyoming
shall not commence until they shall have been com-
missioned and qualified.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to transfer that
proviso to the end of the appropriations for the
Territory of Wyoming.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move the following
amendment:
For blank-boolis, stationery, book-cases, arms of
the United States, seals, presses, flags, postages, and
miscellaneous expenses of the consuls of the United
States, including loss by exchange, $15,000.
For the incidental and contingent expenses of
Department of State:
For stationery, furniture, fixtures, and repairs,
$2,000.
For general purposes of the building occupied by
the Department of State:
For rent, fuel, alterations, watchmen, and laborers,
412,000,
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Patent Office Building:
For casual repairs of the Patent Office building,
$5,000.
Mr. ELA. I move to strike that appropri-
ation out of the bill, and I do this for the pur-
pose of ascertaining whether this $5,000 is
appropriated to pay for taking up the tiling at
the Patent Office and replacing it with marble.
I understand that the tiling which was taken
up was better and would sell for more than
the marble blocks which were put down in its
place.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I suppose not, but I have
no knowledge on the subject. The Depart-
ment sent in an estimate for $5,000 as expenses
to keep up the building during the remainder
of this fiscal year. When we consider the
large size of the building and its extensive-
liess, we thought that something about that
amount would be required. No member of
the committee, so far as I know, went into an
examination of the details.
Mr. ELA. If I understand the question
rightly, and 1 think I do, the Patent Office
has been retiled at an expense of §1 25 a
foot, better tiling having been taken up than
that with which it was replaced. And besides
that unnecessary expense, walls along which
the tiling was placed have been left in an incom-
plete condition, and a certain amount of ma-
sonry will be required to complete it. For that
reason I desire to strike out the whole of that
paragraph. I think the Committee on Appro-
priations will find the facts I have stated to be
correct.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move the following
amendment:
For salary of the judge advocate of the Navy
Department, from the 4tll of March to July 1, 1869,
$1,167.
The office is abolished after the 30th of June
next, and this appropriation is to pay the sal-
ary until that time.
Sir. STOVER. The gentleman moves an
appropriation for four months which will make
this man's salary about four thousand dollars
a year.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That is the amount, of
the salary provided by law for that length of
time.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. There was no
such office as judge advocate of the Navy
Department prior to the war; but during the
war such an office was created. The law, how-
ever, expressly provided that it should cease
at the close of the war. When the war closed
an appropriation was inserted in one of the
appropriation bills making an appropriation
for the contingency of the office for another
year. This is part of the same scheme of con-
tinuing in office, which does not exist by law,
and which is as unnecessary as a judge advo-
cate of the House of Representatives would be.
The office has expired by limitation, and this
appropriation is a totally useless expenditure
of public money. It is only another example
of the tenacity with which men will cling to
office long after the necessity for it has ceased.
It is time that we should put a stop to such a
practice.
Mr. TWICHELL. I move to strike out the
last word. I know that it is unusual for the
gentleman from Ohio to be mistaken, but he
is mistaken in this instance, for this office does
not expire by limitation until the 30th day of
June next.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Where?
Mr. TWICHELL. There is a law of Con-
gress. It is simply proposed to pay $1,167 for
the four mouths' service, the office being con-
tinued till the 30th of June by law.
The question being taken on the amendment,
it was agreed to.
Mr. HOPKINS. I move to insert the fol-
lowing:
For the continuation of the work on the United
States court-house and post office at Madison, Wis-
consin, $25,000.
I believe the Committee on Appropriations
concede that this appropriation ought to be
made.
Mr. FOX. I raise the point of order that
this is new legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The point is not made
in time.
Mr. FOX. I made it as soon as I could.
The CHAIRMAN. Not till after the amend-
ment had been debated.
Mr. HOPKINS. So far from this being new
legislation I will inform the gentleman that the
appropriation asked for by the Department for
this building is $50,000. The amount I move
to insert is $25,000. This building is about
half completed. The materials are all on the
ground. The money which has been appro-
priated heretofore is all expended, and unless
we get this appropriation at this time the work
must stop. The Government of the United
States is paying a large amount every year for
rent of offices in Madison, and it is economy
for the Government to continue this work.
With this $25,000 we expect to be able to in-
close the building this year. Unless we get it
the completion of the house is delayed till
another year. 1 do not believe there is a man
in this House who, if he had this building to
complete for himself, would hesitate to make
the outlay. It is a matter of economy to go
on with this work, and every member of the
Com mittee on Appropriations concedes that the
appropriation is proper. I trust there will be
no opposition to it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The Committee on Ap-
propriations considered this proposition ; they
heard the argument of the gentleman from
Wisconsin, and I believe they all thought there
was a good deal of force in it. But they were
beset on all sides for similar appropriations,
and they feared if they opened the door to one
which might seem a little more meritorious
than another they must let them all in and the
aggregate amount would be so large that the
Treasury could not afford it thisyear. There-
fore they concluded not to put in any of these
propositions. Of course the Committee of the
Whole can act upon the amendment as they
see fit. They have heard what the gentleman
says, and that is all there is of it I believe.
