1S69.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBS.
810
Mr. HENDRICKS. Now, Mr. 'President,
■with that amendment it seems to vaV, thatthere
is no ground for debate. The claim for,the
appropriation of tins sum of money is bused
upon a technicality. It is not, as stated'by the
Senator from' Massachusetts,' a question of the
suppression of the slave trade. ' This appro-
priation lias nothing to do with the slave trade.
This appropriation is simply to give a certain
class of gentlemen mortej'.oat of the -people's
Treasury for nothing in the world; audit is
claimed simply upon the ground that there is
a contract between,this country and England
requiring it. Now, it is proposed by the Sen-
atftr'from Wisconsin that this money shall not
tie paid out unless England insists upon the
contract. Who shall object to that? Is it
reasonable to suppose that England will now
insist that we shall expend 'annually $12,500
for no public purpose whatever ? If England
does not ask that this money shall be paid, if
the public service does not require it, if no
public good results from it, if it is a payment
to persons for their individual gain and not at
all for the public, why make the appropria-
tion? Is the contract between England and
thiscountry not susceptible or capable ofmodi-
fication or of a waiver?
Now, I submit this question to the Senator
from Massachusetts as a lawyer: suppose there
be between him and me a contract—perhaps
not a supposable'case—the consideration for
his promise is my promise, and the considera-
tion for my promise is his promise to me, mu-
tual promises supporting each other*. After the
contract has been in force for some time, and
before the expiration of it according to its terms,
it becomes apparent to both of us that a compli-
ance with the contract upon my part would be
a loss and a hardship to me and no good to
liim. Shall I presume, then, that he demands
a compliance with the contract under such cir-
cumstances? Would I attribute to him so
ungenerous a construction of the contract as
to demand the'condition Of the bond when the
purpose^ and the occasion of the promise had
passed? Here is a contract between England
and the United' States; the compliance with it
■now according to the letter is bringing no good
to either country, no advantage to arty public
service. The Senator froth Wisconsin proposes
that we shall not comply with the letter of the
contract if England does not desire it. If Eng-
land insists upon it, and still demands that the
money shall be appropriated, then it may be
paid according to the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. Can any Senator object
to this?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I would ask the
Senator from Indiana whether that would not
be a strange mode of our fulfilling a treaty? If
I understand the amendment of the Senator
from Wisconsin it is that we shall not pay the
money which we assume the treaty requires us
to pay unless England objects t6 our not pay-
ing,it; in other words, that we shall be guilty
of a breach of the treaty and shall continue to
break the treaty until England says we must
cease to break it. Now, if the amehdment.of
the Senator from Wisconsin had been reversed,
and had provided that we should cease paying
the money until England had absolved us from
the obligations of the treaty, I think the amend-
ment would have been proper and the argument
of the Senator from Indiana good.
Mr: HENDRICKS. Mr. President, a party
is not breaking a contract when he seeks to
ascertain the Wish of the other contracting
party in regard to it. If in the case that I stated
of a contract between two individuals the cir-
cumstances are so changed that it is to the
interest of neither party that it shall be com-
plied with according to the letter but it would
be a hardship upon one of them so to comply
with it, assuredly it is no breach of the con-
tract to take a little time to ascertain whether
the other party is content that it shall not be
performed according to the letter. That is1 no
breach. We are not breaking a, treaty with
England when we seek to get her construction
upon it or her desire under it. I clsita that
the right construction of this treaty "is that it
has doneits work, and that the provision requir-
ing us to pay this money is obsolete.' As I
understand frbm the Senator fVom New Hamp-
shire, the naval forces are not how maintained
upon the coast of Africa.' There are no arrests
to be made. Our Government is not in a con-
dition to Seize vessels, and therefore there are
no condemnations to be considered by the
court. So that, as 1 believe, the treaty in this
respect is obsolete, and I can very cheerfully
vote for the amendment proposed by the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania, but if it be more agree-
able to other Senators that we shall obtain the
approval <?f England before we positively refuse
to pay the money then I am willing to adopt
that. I believe it will result in wfafet the
amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania
proposes to accomplish.
But, Mr. President, this is certain; the Con-
gress of the United States ought to make some
effort to save $12,500 a year before it be paid
to men for no service. That cannot be right
which taxes the people to support men in
doing nothing. The people do not desire it 5
our honor under the treaty-does riot require it;
therefore I hope to see adopted either the
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin or
that of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Now, sir, there is no occasion for being mis-
led about this matter. The proposition of
the Senator from Massachusetts cannot be
maintained; there is nobody here fighting the
treaty; there is nobody here in favor of the
slave trade. That is his capital in the discus-
sion. He has repeated it, and taken up his
full share of the three days that he speaks
about in repeating that idea. Not a slaver
has been seized under the treaty, not a single
vessel yet brought into court, not a court or-
ganized under the treaty, and nothing done
but to pay out between seventy and eighty
thousand dollars of the people's money in sup-
porting some gentlemen in the city of New
York. I repeat what I said yesterday—that it
is the duty of the party which still holds power
in this country to introduce a system of econ-
omy; and if it cannot be done npon a propo-
sition like this, and save $12,500 which it is
proposed to pay to persons who discharge no
public duties, I shall despair of any reform in
that direction. We can accomplish it. The
proposition of the Senator from Wisconsin is
consistent with the honor of the nation, with
its obligations, those obligations being con-
strued as strictly as it is possible for any Sen-
ator to construe them. It is astonishing that
when the purposes of a provision in- a treaty
have been satisfied we cannot stop and ask the
other party whether it is desired that we shall
still pay the money. That is not the question
of the slave trade. It is simply a question
whether certain gentlemen shall be supported
out of the people's Treasury in doing nothing.
That is the question instead of the slave trade
question. Therefore I look with interest to
this-vote, as I think it will indicate the course
of the Senate on the general question of a
reduction in public expenditures.
Mr. WHYTE. Mr. President, there is a
manifest misunderstanding, it appears to me,
in regard to the duties of the Government of
the United States under our existing treaty with
Great Britain in reference to the suppression
of the slave trade. The Senator from New
Hampshire will pardon me for saying that I
think he is in error in supposing that the Ash-
burton treaty now governs the conduct of the
two Governments. The Ashburton treaty has
been superseded by the treaty of 1862, and
however much that treaty may have met the
approbation of some people in this country it
certainly met a strong opposition 
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Will the Senator allow me to interrupt him?
Mr. WHYTE. Certainly.
" . Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. My
point was that it was the Ashburton treaty that
required this Government to keep a squadron
on the coast of Africa, The treaty of *18(52
recognized that obligation in the Ashburtijts
treaty. ' - ■ • .' ' - ;
Mr. WHYTE. The-Sersatorwill pardon me
if I say he is still mistaken in regard to- that
fact. ■ • ' " i
' Mr. PATTERSON, ■ of New Hampshire
That is a matter of opinion. It is soundw*
stood at the Naiy Department, as I learned
this morning. % •"
Mr. WHYTE. I do not, know wfctt the
interpretation of the Navy Department may be
in regard to the subject; but it is perfectly
manifest what the treaty of 1862 requires. • The
Ashburton treaty did require a squadron upon
the African coast. Th e subsequent treaty made
in 1862 only required that the tsoast of Africa
should be visited by certain vessels! with in-
structions from the Navy Department, and- J
think that the action of the Davy Department
shows that that was the construction put upon
the treaty tjy that Department itself. Th8"*ery
visitation by the vessel referred to by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, the Swatara, shows
that that was the construction pat on it by,the
Navy Department. All that is required now
by the treaty of 1862 is that certain vessels
shall be sent with specific instructions from thfc
Navy Department to visit the coast of Africa;
and keeping a large squadron, as tinder the
Ashburton treaty, has been dispensed with.
As a citizen I did not approve of this treaty
when it was adopted. I did not approve of the
abandonment of that great right which we had
contended for in this country, not to permitany
foreign vessel to search an American vessel;
and when Mr. Seward in the discharge of his
duty at the State Department gave to the Brit-
ish Government the right to search vessels sail-
ing under the American flag it did not meet my
approbation. But now that I find a treaty made
between the two Governments and obligations
under that treaty to be fulfilled by each, I am
for keeping faith with every obligation made
by the Government of the United States.
Because there have been no condemnations
on the coast of Africa since 1862 are we to re-
gard this treaty as obsolete? I do not agree
with atty such proposition as that. Why have
there been no condemnations? Because since
1862, until 1865 or 1806, the commerce of
America was swept from the ocean; the cruis-
ers sailing under the confederate flag drove
from the ocean the vessels sailing from your
northern ports. Down to 1859 or 1860 there
were slavers sailing from our country; but to
the honor of the southern ports be it said ves-
sels were not fitted out thereto cruise upon the
coast of Africa and to trade in the traffic in
slaves. They ran out of your northern ports:
they ran out from New York and Rhode Island
and the ports of the northern States under the
United States flag^ to deal in this unholy traffic;
and because the war since 1862 has suspended,
as Commander Jeffers says, this slave traffic,
it does not follow that the moment you cease
the obligations of this treaty you will not have
your clippers running out of the northern potts
again to deal in this trade, either b®tween>Cubi&
and Africa or between Brazil and Africa.
Mr. President, this treaty was a solemn eon-
tract that we would keep up not only the vis-
itation of the coast of Africa by our ships and
vessels under certain instructions from the
Navy Department, but that for the purpose
of the speedy punishment of those engaged in
this trade, we should have courts at certain
localities which could speedily condemn the
vessels engaged in such a tralHc which might
be captured. That contract is that we shall
provide certain judges and arbitrators of those
respective courts for ten years. The time has
not expired ; and until the British Government
consents to the withdrawal of these mixed
courts, we are in honor bound to provide the
judges and arbitrators and to provide the sal-
aries to pay them for the discharge of these
public functions.
But I agree with my friend, the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Hex-bricks,] in desiring, if
