1869.
.OTE ■ CONGMSSSIOiN Ali >GIiO&E.
ffisa.
' Mr-. DAVIS. Do I understand it is offered
as a substitute or as au amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. -It makes
no difference ; it is an amendment, and if
adopted will be a substitute, for it covers the
whole ground. It will be read.
The Chief Gi.erk. It is p'ropOSSd to amend
the amendment .by striking out all- after the
words "and provided further" and inserting:
That the President be he is hereby requested
to apply to the Goverwneijt of Great Britain to put
an, end to thatpart<ff.thetrciaty of April 7.1862, which
requireS6f eafcn Government to keep up mixed courts,
 nd upon the consent of the Government of Great
ljritaipiieingobtaiivedthen the salaries of all the offi-
cers ofthoUnited States connected with said courts
shall cease.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The difference'between
tliese propositions is simply the difference be-
tween an absolute obligation to continue paying
the money until negotiations are ended and a
stoppage of payment in ease the treaty is not
enforced against us. Left in the form in which
it is proposed to put it, negotiation? may very
well, run over the whole period which-tjie treaty
has to run. For my part I would jast as soon
have an absolute; unconditional appropriation
of money as to vote for it in the form iri which
it is' proposed to put it.1
' Mr.'SUMNER. As I understand it, He
proposition of the Senator from Maryland rec-
ognizes existing, treaty obligations and invites
the Presideqtto fake, steps tjor bring a certain
portion of them to an end. It seems to me
that i?strictly within the province of the Senate
and honorable to the Senate, and it does not
call in question any treaty stipulations. It is
not open to criticism as an attack upon the
public faith. In that respect, it seems to me
better than the proposition in any other form.
I hope it will be adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Maryland to the amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. BUCKALEW called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 38, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cameroa,Catt6ll,
Chandler, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Fdwler, Freling-
huysen, Harris, Kellogg, Morgan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Osborn, Pool, Bamsey,
Rice, Robertson, Sawyer, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer, Van Winkle, wade, Warner, Welch, Whyte,
Williams, and Wilson—33. .
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cole, Conklmg, Davis,
Doolittle, Sorry, Fessenden, Grimes, Hendricks, Mc-
Creery, Patterson of New Hampshire, Boss, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Sprague, Trumbull, Vickers, and
Wi I ley—18.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Conness, Corbett,
Dixon, Harlan, Henderson, Howard, Hswe, McDon-
ald, Norton, Nye, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy,
Tipton, and Y ates—15
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to. •
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is oil the amendment as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT p>ro temporeThe ques-
tion now is on the motion to strike out the
whole clause as amended.
Mr. WARNER. Before" the vote is ta'ke&
on this motion, I desire' to sa^ a word in' ex-
planation of my .vote. I take it that for efery
contract there Is a reason, and that tne reasou
of the contract constitutes the essence of the
obligation. The, season of this treaty was the
desire to do away with the African slave trade.
That reason has ceased to exist, and I think
the real essence of the obligation has ceased.
I make t^is explanation simply that I may not
be understood as in anywise sympathizing With
any effort to revive the African slave trade or
anything of that kind. My^ record upon the
question of slavery is as consistent and as prac-
tical, if not as old, as that of the Senator from
Massachusetts. , "
The questiofi being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 37 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. BuckalW, Cole,-Davis, Ferry,
Grimes, -Hendricks," McCreery, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee,* Salisbury, Sher-
man, Viekers, and Warnor—13. •
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cameron; Cat-
tell, Chandler, Cragiti, Drtike.-EdttunSs', f'men'den,
Fowler, Ifrelinghuysen, Harlan, Harris, McDonald,
-Morgan, Morrill of Maioe, Morrillof Vermont, Mor-
ton, Nye, Osboftt,. Pomeroy, Pool, Eamsey, Riee,
Robertson, Sawyer. Sbenfter, Stewart, Sumner, Thay-
er, Van Winkle, Wade, Welch, Whyte, Willey, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—37. -
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Oonklin®, Conness,
Corbett, Dixon, Doolittle, Henderson, Howard,
Howe, ICellogg, Norton, Ross, Sprague,' Tipton,
Trumbull, and Yates—16. .
So the motion to strike out was not agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.' I
have two more amendments to offer, which -I
believe the chairman of the Committee on .Ap-
propriations assents to. I move .to.' insert - at
the close of the third section the following:
And that in the collection of official fees .they shall
receive 'foreign moneys at the rate given -in the
treasury schedule of the value of foreign coins.- .
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest to my
friend that Kis amendment probably appliesto
consuls, and in this' connection it would :app1y.
to ships. I therefore suggest tojhittf to let it
come in after the word "port" in thVtwenty-
second line, aijd there it wotild more directly
,pply to consuls, which I suppose is the object-
it the amendment.,
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Very well, sir.
Mr. MOIiRILL, of Jfaine. I suggest, there-
fore, that .the "amendment come m after the
word 11 port," in the twenty-second line. I do
not see any objection, I will say, to this amend-
ment. I .understand it is to equalize the mat-
ter of the currency in foreign ports, and to
prevent what is said to be an abuse where con-
suls, receiving payments from parties, put an
estimated rather than a real value upon the
currency. .
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
have one other amendment to offer, . ,Iu the
sixth line of the fifth section, after the word
"States," I move to insert, "when .requested
by the First Comptroller of the Treasuryso
that the section will read:
That any consular officer of the United States who
shall will&lly neglect to render true and just quar-
terly accounts and returns of the business of his
Office and of moneys received by him for the use of the
Upited States, or who shall neglect to pay over any
balance of-such moneys which may be duo to the
United States, when requested by the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury at the expiration of any quar-
ter before the expiration of the noxt succcodmg
quarter, shall bedecmedguUtyof embezzlement, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I have two or three-amend-
ments which I have been instructed to move
by the Committee on Foreign Relations, bat
before I move them I will make one remark
merely, that I may not be considered to have
sacrificed the privilege of the committee On this
floor. I have always understood that although
there is no rule on the subject there is a usage
that the committee that reports® bill shall first
move amendments to it and have'them con-
sidered, and then after that, in order, the
irfnendments of other committees shall be pro-
ceeded with. I am directed to move, on the
second page, after the thirty-fifth line, to insert
as an amendment:
For additional salary of minister resident to'the
"Argentine republic, appointed also to the republic
of Uruguay, at the rate of $3,750 a year; such salary
ijo comjpehce, October 13,1868. ' ' . ' . ,
This amendment is offered in pursuance of
a request from the Department of State, men-
tioning that Mr. Henry W. YVorthington, min-
ister-resident to the Argentine republic, has
been accredited also- as minister resident to
the republic of Uruguay. Of course, under
those circumstances, he is entitled, under the
diplomatic act of the United States of 1850, to
half an additional salary. This amendment is
to make the necessary appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to. , . - ..
Mr. SUMNER. On page 7, immediately
after the one hundred and forty-seventh line,
I move to insert the following :,
For the restoration-of the Protestant American
pemetury at Acapulco, in Mexico, §1,000., , , ,, . j
.This amendment is moved-!by,-tte sanction
of the, committee and at ths-req&#afr-the
Secretary of State, who communicates a.letter
.from our coo«ui at-Aeaipiilco staking-thirt'tfas
cemetery there, wheefthsve. been buried Several
officers -and"men, of the JJnited States.-Na-ty
and two eonsuls„is now ia a neglected condi-
tion : that it needs repairs. He is ma.kiiig/&n
.effort to obtain- a-- contribution-for these.repairs
in SanFransoiseo, and the Secretary- <j£',3&tate
advises, that the ,U nited States should also jcon-
tribute tothstend. I have. examined theipracfi-
idents on the subject, and ! find thM tiierfc*are
several precedents .in--times past of similar
iappropriations, JE will read them if the Senate
deske-iS. v •• - .. y'< ?-t' . k.-cts
-.TJieiametodroeot.wa&iE^Qftd^tow ,*•!« * *s<.?
'M-rr-PRlLINaSUYSSSSf;' I offeree al-
lowing amendment,, -to be -added as- a proviso
at the dltd of the-tbiWflsetftiotH-- ' - w
Provided, That so'raUelf df the jrovisl-ons-af'-tho
third soction of ch&ptsr- two hundred aad 'tbifty-
tlire®.pf the public acts.of the Tilirty-jNintb,Gon-
gress, approved July 25,1866, as requires .that whgn
the fees collected by any consul consular *$geiit
a3Bount;t.o morb than $2;500 in any year'«vet; nd
above ,<jertai!i<a?penses„tho',<5iKeeffl4j«ll " 
the-Secretary gf.the IrsjjSpjry, shirf! V
effecton tfio 1st of January-, 1§07. -'
The Object' of tlie amendment is this:.
act which was passed on the 25th of July, I§0B,
it was directed that where the fees exceeded
$2,000 the surplus over and above the' ex-
penses of renting the office, &c., should be
paid into the Treasury." That law was riot
promulgated, was hot sent out until the SM
of October. This is simply a provision pro-
viding that it shall not t^ko eftect -un'fil'a rea-
sonable time for the consols to hear it, to "wit,
the 1st of January, 1867. 'It is a pro^ision
which, I understand; meetsi with the' approval
of the' State Department.' ' ; *
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, It simply
a later day for the statement of the account?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That.isall.'' '
'ilic amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the bill; to insert at. the end of line
one hundred and seventeen the following:
- And there shall be appointed a consul at Winni-
peg, Selkirk settlement. British North America, who
shall receive an annual salary, of 31,500. ,(
There is ,a great necessity for the appoint-
mei)t of a consul at this point. There ijs more
trade there, I have no doubt, than at half the
•places for which provision for consuls ]i s
already been made. There is a,large.popula-
tion at Selkirk, amounting probably to fifteen
-thousand, and our people have constant com-
munication with that point and very consider-
able trad?.. The British Hudson B.ay Company
import their goods almost entirely in bond from
the ports below there to this point at Selkirjk.;
and it very frequently happens, owing to -the
want of a proper officer there, thai-th« certify
cates upon the return papers cannot be made
out. , For this reason, and for political reasons
which every Senator can very well appreciate,
it has been thought advisable by our people to
have a consul there. I hope the Senate will
so appreciate it, and allow this small contribu-
tion toward a necessity of that kind.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is it' ,|wdm?
mended by the Department? , w - r •;
Mr. RAMSEY. I suppose .tlie Dopartnient
know nothing about it. .1 imagine w'a can. m-
jfortil the Department quite aswpll as thwean
inform us on such a subject as this. ,,I doubt
if the Department know .anything-about
'..■Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
have the-amendment ready to -see where it is
proposed to come ia. - .
, The Chief Clerk .read the amendment.
, MjvMQliRiILL,:®f Maine. It should not
come ia  t the end eff, line one hundred and
seventeen. -:.
- Mr.- RAMSEY. I have no objection to in-
serting it in «ny more appropriate place that
the Senator may suggest. In that Iludson Bay
region, as large as the whole United States*
there is no American official at ail to protest
the-interests of American citizens. ■_ -
j Mr. MORRILL,-of Maine. Have, we atiy
business there? '
Mr. RAMSEY. We have.a very consider-
