1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1573
Kuklux. [Laughter. ] Tear it down and erect
a proper building and in my opinion we shall
get rid of the Kuklux. The present build-
ing, after you get above the first story, is as
complete a wreck of a building as you can find
perhaps in all Nashville. Yet the Government
is paying to-day $1,500 a year for the occupa-
tion of that building. The custom-house, I be-
lieve, is somewhere on the wharf; and a good
many of the rats are devouring what little is
there. The squabble between the excise officers
andthegopher rats has become apretty serious
matter. [Laughter.] Lastyear an appropriation
of $25,000 for this building was adopted by
this House ; but when it went to the Senate it
was reduced to five thousand or two thousand
dollars, not enough to engage men to look up
timber for beginning the work. I ask that the
appropriation named in my amendment be
made. When in Nashville last week I was
assured that with this appropriation the work
would be pushed forward forthwith. The erec-
tion of a new building would save the Gov-
ernment an annual expense of $1,500 for rent,
which has been running on for the last fifteen
years. The Government should not be re-
quired to use that terrible rat-den any longer
for a post office.
Mr. SCOPIELD. Mr. Chairman, the De-
partment has not asked anything for this work.
It is not in the estimates of any branch of the
Government. In order that we may get through
with this bill to-night I ask unanimous consent
that debate be closed upon the last paragraph.
Mr. O'NEILL. I hope that will not be
agreed to.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I ask, then, that debate
be limited to three minutes on each amend-
ment, two minutes to be occupied by the mem-
ber offering the amendment, and one minute
by any member wishing to reply.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to
the proposition of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Scofield'?]
There was no objection.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Mulliss, it was not agreed to.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to amend by adding
the following:
Pur construction of appraisers' stores at Phila-
delphia, S37.500.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to know whether
that work is authorized by any existing law ?
If not I raise a point of order upon the amend-
ment.
Mr. O'NEILL. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury has asked the appropriation of $75,000 in
this deficiency bill for the purpose of carrying
on the construction of this building. It is now
in an unfinished condition. Appropi'iations
for this work have been made during the last
two or three years ; and the building is now up
as far as the third story. If it be not pushed
forward to completion, it will of course go to
decay; and until it is finished the Government
must continue to pay a rental of $16,000 an-
nually for the appraisers' stores necessary to
accommodate the commerce of Philadelphia.
So urgent is the necessity for this building, in
the opinion of the Secretary of the Treasury,
that he has asked an appropriation of $100,000
more in the miscellaneous appropriation bill.
Other gentlemen in advocating appropriations
for similar works have very properly urged
npon the House the duty of pushing to com-
pletion buildings of this description. It would
be utterly wasteful for the Government to allow
this building to remain but half finished. The
work, so far as it has gone, has been done in
the most thorough as well as the most econom-
ical manner; and when it is finished we shall
have a suitable building for appraisers' stores,
so that the present system of renting stores
from private individuals may be discontinued.
I hope the amendment will be adopted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. This is very much like
the other propositions which the committee
have adopted. The Department, estimated
$75,000 for the deficiency m this instance, and
the gentleman has moved an amendment for
one half that sum. I suppose thatas the others
have been adopted this also will be agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to-reduce it to
$1,000; and I wish to say a word on the sub-
ject.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The debate has closed on
this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. That was the order of
the committee by unanimous consent.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is not the amendment
to the amendment debatable?
Mr. SCOFIELD. The time for debate on
each original amendment was fixed, and the
debate on thisamendmenthas been exhausted.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The committee divided on Mr. O'Neill's
amendment; and there were—ayes 39, noes
29 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. O'Neill and Mr. Benjamin. •
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 69, noes 51.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAUM. I move the following amend-
ment :
For the construction of the public building at Cairo,
Illinois, to be used as a post office, custom-house, and
the United States court-room, $25,000.
Mr. Chairman, that building is now well un-
der way, and I have a photograph in my hand
which discloses the condition in which it is at
the present time. The second story is nearly
completed. The stone is on the ground to
build the second story, as well as the lumber
for the entire building. The estimate is for
$50,000, and I have consented to the sugges-
tion of the Committee on Appropriations to
accept $25,000. I hope the amendment will be
sustained. This is an important work. It is
for the post office, custom-house, and court-
room. Buildings for these purposes are now
rented at considerable expense to the United
States. The post office there is a large one :
the postmaster receives a salary of $8,700. I
earnestly desire that the House will adopt the
amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend the
amendment by adding the following:
For the erection of a post office at Confederate
Cro?s Roads, which is in the State of Kentucky, and
repairing Bascom's grocery, SA0U0.
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment to the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. SCOFTELD. This building at Cairo is
in the same condition as the others for which
appropriations have been made. The Depart-
ment recommended $50,000 and the gentleman
asks for $25,000. As the others have been
adopted I do not see any good reason why we
should reject this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BARNES. I move to insert, as fol-
lows:
To secure the location of a post office and court-
house m the city of Brooklyn, New York, $100,000.
Mr. Chairman, the modesty of the Repre-
sentatives from that section of the State has
been such as to deprive their constituency from
proper recognition in bills for the construction
and completion of buildings of this character.
It may not be generally known, but the city of
Brooklyn has at this tune a population of over
four handled thousand inhabitants, and is as
deserving of the patronage of this Government
as any other piace in the United States; for
it has" paid during the last year into the na-
tional Treasury, in the shape of internal taxes,
$9,000,000. The Government now pays a rent
ot $5,000 per annum for a post office build-
ing, and $0,000, I believe, for a court-house.
The Government does not own a single foot
of real estate in the city of Brooklyn to-day,
and it is a matter of much interest that it
should secure a location for this building at
the earliest possible moment. Every one
familiar with the course of the values of prop-
erty in that locality knows that there is not a
single place in the whole country where prop-
erty has advanced so rapidly as in the city of
Brooklyn. Since the proposition made last,
year for this purpose the location then fixed,
on has been enhanced in price one hundred-
per cent. It would cost to-day .twice as much
as it could have been bought for thea..> u
I make these remarks for tlie purpose of
attracting the attention of the House to. this
subject, so that, ivt the future investigations of
the Committee on- Appropriations that por-
tion of the Union may not be overlooked in tlje
appropriations for the construction of these
buildings.
Mr. LYNCH. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment, and I wish to state the principle which
will control my action on these subjects. . I
oppose this appropriation because it is for
new work, but I will vote for the ten buildings
estimated for because I believe really that is
a matter of public economy. These buildings
are from one half to two thirds completed, and
the question now is not whether they shall
commeuce, but whether they shall be com-
pleted and save the Government the money
already expended. Until they are completed
the Government will have to pay rent for the
buildings now used. In my judgement it is a
false economy to refuse to complete them
when by so doing we could save the expense
yearly of vast sums of rent.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment of Mr. Baknes was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. HULBURD. I move the following
amendment:
Eor construction of custom-house at Ogdensburg,
New York, 812,500.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. The gentleman has said all he desires
to, and in opposition to it I will only say that
this is on the same footing as all the others. If
the rest come in this ought to. The Depart-
ment recommends $25,000 and the gentleman
moves to insert half that amount.
The question being put on the amendment,
there were—ayes 43, noes 31; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hul-
burd and Benjamin- were appointed.
The committee divided; but without any
report from the tellers, Mr. Hulbcbd with-
drew the amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The committee continued
here last night till near twelve o'clock. I find
we cannot finish this bill to-night, as gentle-
men insist on having a vote by tellers on every
proposition. I therefore move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Price
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, having had under con-
sideration the Union generally, and particu-
larly the bill (H. R. No. 1911) making appro-
priations aud to supply deficiencies in the ap-
propriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1809,
and for other purposes, had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
sl'l-iierson monument.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
offer a joint resolution (II. II. No. 4GG) donat-
ing condemned cannon and muskets for the
McPherson monument, for present action. I
am quite sure there will be no objection to it.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time. It authorizes the Secretary of
War to furnish to the McPherson Monument
Association of Clyde, Ohio, four pieces of con-
demned iron cannon, four of brass cannon,
twenty-five cannon halls, and one thousand
muskets with bayonets, to be placed about the
monument.
Mr. SPALDIN G. I hope there will not be
a dissenting voice.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to suspend the rules.
The motion was agreed to; two thirds vot-
ing in favor thereof.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
