THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
misstoner of Internal Revenue, in which he
says that it will not exceed $165,000 that will
be remitted to these persons if this bill passes
as it has been reported from the committee.
Now, sir, it seems to me that if upon all other
manufacturing establishments in this country
the- taxes could be properly remitted and the
revenue of the country in that way deprived of
millions upon millions, there ought not, so far
as> this particular class of persons is concerned,
to be. such a determination On the part of Con-
gress to compel them to pay this tax simply
because they had made contracts with the Gov-
ernment ; as though men who were working
for the Government were not entitled to the
same consideration as men who were working
for corporations or private individuals; and
the argument amounts to nothing. You can-
.not pass any general law that will not operate
to the advantage of some individuals and to
the disadvantage of some other individuals. I
presume in 1868, when this law was passed
repealing the taxes upon manufactures, there
were many persons who were greatly benefited
by that act engaged in manufacturing pursuits,
and others who were greatly damaged ; but it
was impossible to pass a general law without
producing that effect.
Now, sir, Ihave examined this case. When
the matter was referred to me I confess my
prepossessions were against the bill; but after
having examined all the documents and papers
on the subject it is impossible for me to see
why these manufacturers should not stand upon
the same footing with other manufacturers in
this country ; and all the arguments that I hare
heard made against the repeal of this law apply
with equal force to all other manufacturers
in the country; and in fact, if there is any
favor to be .ohown by Congress, it seems to me
these persons are more entitled to considera-
tion than any other manufacturers, because
they made their contracts in 18G3, and their
efforts from that time forward were devoted to
this particular business. If they had made no
such contract in 1863 they could have made
contracts with customers and fixed theirprices
according to the prices of labor and material
at that time. But they could not do that un-
der these contracts. They had to go on under
the contracts of 1863 and pay twenty-five per
cent, higher wages than they did in 1863, and
also higher prices for all the materials that
weut into the composition of this machinery.
I hope this bill will pass. I think it is right
and just; and for that reason Ihave recom-
mended its adoption by the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, this seems to be the perfect paradise
of Government contractors. If they make a
bargain by which they make large profits of
course they do not refund anything to the Gov-
ernment, but if they make a bad bargain they
come to Congress for relief. The Senator from
Oregon argues that these parties ought to have
relief upon a contract which they took with
the understanding that they were to pay the
tax ; and yet when we repealed the tax from
all other persons, which benefited them, of
course, and of which they had no right to com-
plain, because it enabled them to produce their
own manufactures at a cheaper rate, they come
here and ask relief on this special contract.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the honorable Senator
from Vermont to suspend his remarks until the
committees can further report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports
are out of order. When the Senate unani-
mously consent to take up a bill it cannot be
interrupted by reports, or no business will be
done.
Mr. POMERO Y. If this bill is to be debated
during the whole morning hour I think we had
better lay it on the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not pro-
pose to debate it for any length of time.
Mr. POMEROY. We want to do some
business in the morning hour.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose the Senator
has some particular business of his own that
he wants to have done.
Mr. POMEROY. Not a thing more than
any other Senator.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know why this
bill is not entitled to as much consideration as
any other business..
Mr. POMEROY. We usually devote the
morning hour to morning business and such
bills as do not occupy time.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I gave way for reports
and everything that anybody wanted to putin.
Mr. CRAGIN. I rise to a question of order.
When the regular order has been gone through
with, the presentation of petitions, reports of
committees, introduction of bills and joint res-
olutions, and resolutions, and a motion is made
to take up a bill, I contend that it is not then
in order for any Senator to rise here and ask
as a privilege in the morning hour to introduce
a petition or make a report from a committee.
The time for those things has already passed.
Mr. POMERO Y. Any Senator has a right
to move to lay this bill on the table, I suppose.
Mx-. CRAGIN. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. These parties
made contracts in 1863, and the whole of
them, fourteen or fifteen in number, were to
be completed in 1864. They will not consent
now that the Government shall abandon their
contracts, but claim that the Government shall
fulfill them; and they want at this late hour
to deliver their machinery according to the
contracts, and yet to have this deduction of
the five-per-cent. interest tax. The Senator
from Oregon claims that these parties had to
pay a much higher rate for iron in 1864 than
was the price in 1863, and yet the fact is, not
one of them completed his contract in 1864
nor in 1865. At least three years, as I am
informed, elapsed before any one of them was
completed ; so that they had the advantage of
the fall in prices in 1865. I do not know that
they were quite as low as they were in 1863,
but whether they were or not they took the
contracts with their eyes open. I have a list
of them here. There are eleven or twelve of
them of $400,000 apiece, all to be completed
in 1864 save one, which was to be completed
in 1865. There is another of S700,000, to be
completed September 24, 1864; another of
$680,000, July 24,1864: another of 8700,000,
October 26, 1864 ; and altogether they amount
to nearly or $8,000,000. The amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Illinois certainly
has as much justice in it as any of these claims.
Why should this tax be refunded to these par-
ties? Simply because the Government is going
to use the machinery, I suppose; but in this
case the Government does not want this ma-
chinery, cannot use it if it has it, and yet they
want to be paid for it according to the con-
tracts. I trust, sir, we shall not set the pre-
cedent by passing a bill of this kind.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I hope that amend-
ment will not be adopted, although on princi-
ple I should like to support it. It would be
a burden on this bill which would probahly |
defeat it. I wish to say, in reply to the Sen-
ator from Vermont, that I sympathize with the
policy of this Government that would not allow
the contractors for the iron-clads to be broken
up, because they invested their money in a
great enterprise for the good of the Govern-
ment. I do not know these particular con-
tractors, but I had some connection with the
bill for the relief of a class of them, and it is
my judgment that Congress has not done them
half the justice that ought to have been done
them. In one case a man was in the prisons
.in Boston under the insolvent laws, because
of debts that were contracted in building one
of the vessels that fought the battles of the
country during the war. I do not believe in
this thing of saving money for the great body
of the people by breaking up men who have
done great service to the people. When the
Senator last year favored the abolishment of
taxes upon manufactures I do not see why
men who manufactured for the Government
should have been excluded from the benefit
of that act. If a manufacturer of machinery
had contracted with me, then the Senator's pol-
icy would have been to relieve him from tax
upon it; but if he had contracted with the
Government for the very same machinery the
Senator would be in favor of keeping the tax
upon him. Why? Upon that presumption
that a man gets a better contract from the
Government. If he goes upon that presump-
tion, as a matter of fact, the presumption is
not true. The men who during the war man-
ufactured machinery for private individuals
made fortunes, made money all the way
through, while the men who made contracts
with the Government in the year 1863, and
had to do the work in 186S, 1864, 1865, and
1866, were all of them to a greater or less ex-
tent injured in their fortunes. This, in my
judgment, is a strong case for relief, and I
support it cheerfully.
Mr. GRIMES. These are not the iron-clad
contractors. There are very few of the people
that made iron-clad vessels who are interested
in this subject. These are engine contractors
in various parts of the United States. I think
the Senator from Oregon is slightly mistaken
when he says that they were not able to do any
work outside of the work they were employed
in in consequence of these contract®. I am
somewhat familiar with this subject. The truth
is that during the whole time of the war the
men who were engaged in fulfilling contracts
with the Government for building iron-clads
and engines, while they were bound up strictly
to their contracts, which none of them fulfilled,
were yet limited in the amount of those con-
tracts; and when our steamers needed repairs
we were compelled to send them to their shops
and their yards, and the result was that they
fixed their own prices and most of them ex-
orbitant prices ; and when it was proposed to
establish a yard at a proper place with shops
and machinery, where we could have had our
our own repairs and made our own ships, they
gathered around Congress and interposed all
sorts of obstacles to the establishing of that
place and the carrying out of that programme.
Now, what is the condition of this case? I
ask the attention of the Senator from Indiana
to the statement I am about to make. In 1863
the Secretary of the Navy made certain con-
tracts for machinery, all of which were to be
completed in the autumn of 1864 before the
close of the war. Some of these contracts
were completed in proper time. The men who
made those contracts and completed them have
paid their tax. They were honest, conscien-
tious men, and fulfilled their obligations to the
Government. These other men who made con-
tracts at the same time for the same sort of
machinery did not complete their contracts
until 1868, and now they come to Congress and
ask that we relieve them from the payment of
the tax which the men who have conscien-
tiously filled their contracts have already paid ;
and you say that the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Illinois shall not be adopted
to refund the amount of taxes that have been
paid by the contractors who have honestly and
conscientiously fulfilled their contracts. You
will not put them upon the same level and in
the same condition. You will not, in other
words, do as well by them as you will by the
man who has been five years negligent in the
performance of his contract. That is what you
will say when vou reject the proposition of the
Senator from Illinois.
On one side are parties who fulfilled their
contracts according to the stipulations of them,
and on the other parties who did not fulfill
theirs until between three and four years after-
ward, and you propose to relieve those who
were negligent in their duty and were so far
remiss and you will not relieve those who
fulfilled their contracts conscientiously and
promptly.
Now, it is said that the Navy Department
did not want these vessels because of the close
of the war; but I say, in reply to that, that
the Navy Department did want the
