826
fHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
pious one. It is that the constitutional amend-
ment ought to be considered now, so that it
shall go to the Legislatures now in sessionand
he considered by them. That suggestion was
supported also by a-speech of the Senator
from Missouri; and both go upon the idea that
if the people are allowed to act upon this
amendment it canfiot be carried. If the Sen-
ate of the United States is willing to occupy
just that position it way as well be understood
that a measure is to be carried through now,
■spas thftt it shall beconsideredatatime when
the people cannot have an opportunity of
expressing, their desire upon it.' [ _ '
As a partisan movement I expect it is the
best thing the majority here can do, for the
judgmentof the people as heretofore expressed
in Ohio and in other States, Kansas among
them, indicates that the people are not in favor
of -this constitutional amendment; and if it
were submitted to them they would condemn
it. The proposition of my colleague is that it
shall-go to Legislatures already selected, pol-
iticians now assembled, so that they may act
upon it and make it a part of the Constitution
without-allowing the people an opportunity to
express their desire, As a political move-
meat, perhaps,.this is sagacious. As it policy
for the Senate of the United States I submit
to Senators that it ia not right.
Last year you said to the people that you were
not in favor of this. You placed your candi-
date for the Presidency upon the doctrine,
plainly stated) that in the northern States you
were opposed to it. Not one of the distin-
guished Senators hero present, as far as I -was
able to read their speeches made before the
people last summer, called in question for one
minute the integrity of their party in making
that statement to the people. Yon stood up
before the people and you advocated- the elec-
tion of General Grant upon the platform of the
Chicago convention, and in the platform you
said to the men of Indiana " We do not intend
to take away from you that control of suffrage
which the fathers gave you. We do not intend
to strip your State of that sovereignty which the
fathers gave to it." This was your argument
to the men of Indiana, and, by a small vote, by
that argument you carried the State as the
count was had. Now, it is said that this con-
stitutional amendment must be carried in aday
to submit it to a Legislature elected by a pledge
that it should not bo done. If that be right in
the Senate of tho United States let honorable
Senators judge.
In the fall you claimed avictory upon what?
Upon a solemn assurance given to the people
that, to thein and their State governments prop-
erly belongs the control of this question ; and
after you secure the vote of the State, you then
gay as a party, " We will take this power away
from the people." To carry the election you
say to the people, "You shall properly exercise
the control over suffrage." To fasten your party
in power now, you takeadrantageof the people
and change the Constitution oy Legislatures
elected upon the- pledge that you would not
disturb it.
I do not know, sir, in politics, whether there
be any committals or not. I have always, for
mjself, felt that when I made a promise or
gave an assurance to the people I was bound,
bound in honor, to stand by it. But that does
not seem t.o be the understanding now, and in
hot haste this must be carried through, so that
before the apple trees shall blossom—I think
that was a figure which was used last year in
regard to impeachment—my colleague wants
it that the present Legislature, whose election
he advocated upon a pledge to the contrary of
this present proposition, may ratify it. In poli-
tics. which is supposed to be dark, mysterious,
and exceedingly ingenious, that may be re-
garded as right bixt_ between man and man
where a promise is given, I cannot understand
that it is; and the fact that it is done by the
Senate of the United States does not make it
any more right than if done elsewhere. If a
Senator had made a pledge to me that a mat-
ter was not to be considered, but-was under-
stood to be settled, I know he, would stand by
it; and when before the people this pledge is
made that their. State governments in this re-
spect shall not be disturbed, I cannot under-
stand how it is that it may be done ; and yet
the argument is that it must be done before
another election.
" If it were done, when 'tis done, then 'twere well '
It were done quickly." - ■
I suppose that is the idea-, so that the people
cannot be heard about it.
I have just said this much, Mr. President,
because my-eolleague insisted upon having this
measure go before the present Legislature of
Indiana, and in that connection I wanted to state
that in the contest last year in that State this
present measure was not advocated; on the con-
trary, the platform which gives the denial to
this proposition was the ground upofl'which
the votes of the people of Indiana were asked.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, one who
did not know our honorable friend from In-
diana [Mr. Hendricks] would suppose that
he was making his last will and testament to
this body; but we have heard from him so
often similar denunciation of measures that
Congress thought fit to propose, and similar
prophecies as to how- the people would behave
when they came to be reviewed by them, that
he will pardon me for confessing that I do. not
feel very much alarm as to what the people
will, do on account of what . he. has set forth.
The people of Indiana were appealed to not
long since upon questions which seemed to
him as frightful and as terrible as this does ;
and the people of Indiana, like the people of
the whole Union, have responded, and the
country is safe. The Legislature of Indiana
has acted ; and while it has deprived us of the
real pleasure of the association of my honor-
able friend in the near future, it has undoubt-
edly brought to us a respectable fellow-citizen
of his who, so far as Indiana is concerned, is
supposed to be a better exponent of her prin-
ciples. That, sir, is republicanism. It is the
voice of the people, although they do not speak
directly. Now, what is it that our friend ac-
cuses us of wishing to do? I know that all
this is out of place, but for one I cannot let it
pass. It is the undertaking to force upon the
people a constitutional amendment which they
shall have no chance to express their wishes
about, and which is in violation of the pledges
of the Republican party, as found in its plat-
form. That is the charge, sir ; there is not a
particle of foundation for either branch of the
assertion.
The honorable Senator does not know, in the
first place, that it is the intention of this body
to submit any constitutional amendment to the
people. He does not know what is its inten-
tion as to what Legislatures or to what con-
ventions it shall be submitted to. He is leaping
before he comes to the stile. In the second
place, there never was a pledge made by the
Republican party of the character to which he
alludes, or anything like it. The declaration
that the Republican party made was that by
congressional intervention it was right and
constitutional that we should regulate suffrage
in reconstructing the rebellious States, and that
While we did that there the regulation of suf-
frage tmder existing laws belongs to thepeople
of the loyal States. That is to say, the law-
making power had no right under the Consti-
tution of the United States to regulate suffrage
in the loyal States. That is what the Republican
party set forth to the people. It bad no allusion
whatever, and it cannot be wrested or tortured
by implication into any allusion whatever, to any
change in the organic law which should be sub-
mitted to the representatives of the people. It
was speaking, as any man can see who reads it,
solely of the reconstruction measures of Con-
gress about which we had heard the moans and
prophecies of the Senator from Indiana as an
unlawful interference by .Congress with the
rights of the people in -the rebellions States;
and, while it upheld that interference, it de-
clared that that congressional interference was
based upon the fact of rebellion, and that in
restoring and reconstructing disorganized so-
ciety; the law-making power had a right to
restore it in the manner that we did by regu-
lating suffrage there as-one of the means of
restoration, and that in the States where rebel-
lion had not prevailed the right to regulate suf-
frage under existing laws belonged to the peo-
ple of those loyal States. So it does under
existing laws.
Now, how does that prove that we are vio-
lating any pledges or any expectations of any-
body, when we propose—that is all—to the
people of all the States to modify by their will
the existing organism of the Government upon
that question ? It is a new idea to me that you
cannot make a proposition to a man without
breaking a pledge, and that is the whole of it.
I have said thus much, sir—out of order, 1
confess; because this question is not before us—
in vindication of that small branch of the Re-
publican party which is in -my section of the
country.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President  ,
Mr. STEWART. I would suggest to my
friend from Connecticut that he had better let
these motions be disposed of and let the bill
come before the Senate. .
Mr. DIXON. A word only.
Mr. STEWART. I shall not interpose. I
was only suggesting the propriety of fixing the
order of business before going into the dis-
cussion.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps my friend from
Connecticut and the Senate will be willing
that I should modify my motion. I wish to
get the sense of the Senate. The Senate have
already, by a decided majority, postponed the
constitutional amendment, with A view to take
up the currency bill. I am willing to move to
postpone the currency bill, which is now before
the Senate, until after theaction of the' Senate
on the constitutional amendment, whenever
that may be. I have already sufficiently got
an expression of the view of the Senate that
they will take up that bill at that time. I hope
they will assist me to get up the bill after the
constitutional amendment is disposed of. If
the Senator from Connecticut will allow me, I
will change my motion, and move to postpone
the pending bill until after the action of the
Senate on the constitutional- amendment.
1 The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves to postpone the bill
until to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. Thatwas not the motion ;
but I will make the motion in that form to
avoid all question. I move to postpone the
bill until to-morrow.
1 The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing the currency bill until
to-morrow.
Mr. POMEROY. I submit that that bill
has not been taken up. How can you post-
pone it until it is taken up 1
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was
taken up, and then the question was whether it
should be made a special order.
Mr. POMEROY. I understood the question
was tp postpone the constitutional amendment
and take up the bill. • •
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That was
decided.
Mr. DIXON. I have not relinquished the
floor. I understood the Chair to give me the
floor, but perhaps I am mistaken.
The PRES1D E NT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor has the floor.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator will yield
a moment to enable me to take up the consti-
tutional amendment and place it where it was
before  ■
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut has the floor. The ques-
tion is on postponing the currency bill until
to-morrow.
Mr. DIXON. I have but a word to say in
reply to the Senator from Vermont [Mr.- Ed-
monds] upon the question of the platform of
the Republican party, as laid down at Chicago,
