1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1581
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, yester-
day my colleague expressed himself very de-
ciJedly that a claim due to a State of necessity
was a public claim. I do not purpose to ques-
tion that; he may be right that the obligation
to a State, like an obligation to a foreign Gov-
ernment, may be of such public character as
that it docs not within our rules come within
the description of a private claim. But when
the State has sold that claim to a private cor-
poration, and it is pressed by that corporation,
then, I think, it is clearly a private claim. It
is no longer due the State ; it is then due to
private persons. This claim comes here, an
old one, under very dignified management. It
comes not from the Committee on Claims, who
ordinarily investigate the obligations of the
Government here, but it comes from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, as I understand;
and I suppose that is upon the ground that
there are foreign relations between this Gov-
ernment and the States of Massachusetts and
Maine. That is carrying the doctrine of State
rights rather further than I am disposed to go.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will explain to the Sen-
ator why it came from the Foreign Relations
Committee. This is only one of four claims.
Among the claims is a large claim of I think
one or two millions for cutting down some
timber in the State of Maine, a claim which it
is alleged grows out of the Ashburton treaty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That has no connec-
tion whatever with this.
Mr. SHERMAN. But that gave the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations jurisdiction of the
subject, matter of the claim, and I presume that
explains why it came from that committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As they have no con-
nection, I am not able to see how the one car-
ried the other there. But it comes with the
indorsement of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, upon which committee are the able
Senators from these two States. I think the
claim ought to share the fortunes of all other
claims that come here and go to the committee
that ordinarily investigates such matters. The
Committee on Claims in this body, as I under-
stand, persistently refuses to pay interest; and
that has become almost the policy of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Will the Senator allow me to explain how it
happens to come from this committee?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I shall be very happy
to hear it.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Maine and Massachusetts had four claims on
the Government; they were put together in a
single bill. Two of those claims came up under
the treaty of Washington of 1812 ; ana hence
the whole bill, including the four claims, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
inasmuch as two of them properly and almost
necessarily belonged to that committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Have not some of those
been disposed of?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
One simply.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That rested on a treaty.
Mr. PATTERSON,ofNew Hampshire. Yes,
sir; it was for lands given up under the treaty
of Washington in 1842.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am much obliged to
the Senator from New Hampshire. He is also
on the Committee on Foreign Relations, and a
near neighbor of the State of Massachusetts
and the State of Maine. It is very satisfactory
to find that there is such harmony in that im-
mediate neighborhood for paying upon a prin-
ciple that we do not allow in regard to any
other claim that is presented against the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
Mr. PATTERSON, ofNew Hampshire. Al-
low me once more. I will say that one motive
with the Senator from New Hampshire was
this: New Hampshire has received pay on pre-
cisely the same principle that is established in
this amendment and now she wants to do
justice to her neighbors in Massachusetts and
Maine, having no State interest or personal
interest in the matter whatever.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If one of the neighbor-
hood has got that allowance which is denied
to every other part of the country 1 think we
had better stop it; the thing has gone about
far enough. This claim has been paid. As
is shown by the Senator from Ohio the bal-
ance of the claim has been paid, and then
the States assigned interest upon that to a
corporation and that corporation beseeches
Congress for its allowance. I do not believe
in that. I do not think States ought to assign
claims against the General Government to pri-
vate corporations speculating in these claims—
claims that are entirely speculative, claims for
interest after the principal has all been paid.
Then, when such parties come here and pre-
sent them, they should be regarded as private
parties presenting a private claim and take the
fortunes of every other claim. Thousands of
persons have claims meritorious and not merit-
orious, it may be, depending before the Com-
mittees on Claims that cannot be considered;
and they are not allowed under the rules of the
Senate to present their claims upon the gen-
eral appropriation bills, and it is regarded as a
wholesome rule. Then, why ought it not to be
applied to the railroad company that urges this
speculative claim here against the Government
of the United States?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I merely wish to enter
my protest against the fling of gentlemen on
this question of order—this talk about a private
corporation. That does not affect the question
of order at all, in my judgment, because Sen-
ators will see that the State of Massachusetts
has been prosecuting this claim for years, and
it is only since the prosecution of it began in
thisbody that the interestin it has been assigned
to this railroad company. Does that change
the nature of the claim?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
from Maine if the State of Maine did not receive
the last payment as the balance of the claim,
as stated by the Secretary of War?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not disputing that.
They received the balance of the principal of
the original claim ; but I say they have been
prosecuting this claim for interest for years
before the assignment was made to this cor-
poration ; but the Senator states it as if this
was an original claim by a company. It is not
so in any sense of the word. I merely want
this to be understood, because it does not affect
the question of order.
Mr. PATTERSON, ofNew Hampshire. Let
me say that this matter came up in the Thirty-
Eighth Congress, of which I was a member,
and again in the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Long before any assign-
ment of the equitable interest of it was made
to any company. How anybody but the States
of Massachusetts and Maine can be made the
claimants in this case I am at a loss to make out.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, the Sen-
ators who are advocating this claim know very
well that while it is here in the name of the
State of Massachusetts the State of Massachu-
setts has no possible interest in it whatever.
They know that as a fact.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That we have admitted
distinctly on the floor.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well, sir. They know
another fact, that if when the claim was made
before Congress for the principal the interest
had been made a part of that claim, neither
interest nor principal would have ever been
allowed.
Mr. SUMNER. We do not know any such
thing.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator responds that
he does not know any such thing. Well, Mr.
President, I think he knows it about as well as
he knows anything in heaven or on earth. And
if in the argument of this case he denies that
he does know it it only shows the anxiety that
he has for the allowance of the claim. Massa-
chusetts pressed this claim for years in Con-
gress, and for a number of years it was not
allowed. When it became comparatively woith-
less, by reason of itsnon-allowance, Massachu-
setts assigned it to a company ; that company
came here and prosecuted it in the name of
Massachusetts. I voted for its allowance. I
had witnessed during my term in the Senate
effort after effort repeated, and I concluded
that perhaps it had merit enough, or at least
we should get rid of it by allowing it; but after
that allowance is made this company are here
again in the name of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts and prosecuting the claim for
interest upon that allowance. I hope, sir, it
will not be made.
A question of order arises as to whether it
is of a class of claims prohibited by a rule of
the Senate. In the argument of that question
of order the Senator from Massachusetts cites
a dozen or more cases like it, he says, which
have been allowed; and he says those laws
are upon the statute-book. Why, Mr. Presi-
dent, it was the very prevalence of that habit
that invoked the rule.
Mr. SUMNER. These are all since the rule.
Mr. CONNESS. Do I understand thehon-
orable Senator to take up a' statute absolutely
smoky in its appearance in his hand and tell
me that that book was printed since this claim
was allowed and I voted for it?
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
understand me. I say the rule of the Senate
is anterior to 1854. The eighteen precedents
that I have cited applicable to the present case
are all subsequent to that date.
Mr. CONNESS. Well, Mr. President, I was
going to say, however the fact would be, my
honorable friend would adhere to his state-
ment ; but I will not say that, because the Sen-
ator intends undoubtedly to be correct when
he makes a statement.
Mr. SUMNER. I have cited the cases; I
have the volumes.
Mr. CONNESS. It appears to me, sir, that
we ought to have an end to this claim. I hope
it will not be allowed.
Mr. CONIiLING. Mr. President, after lis-
tening to the arguments made on this question
of order I cannot doubt that the rule of the
Senate prohibits the consideration of this claim
in connection with this bill. Now, let me see
in a very few moments whether I can assign
my own reasons for this belief.
An argument has been made in its favor of
two kinds, if I appreciate it aright. Sometimes
it is argued that this claim arises under an
existing law—that argument was made yester-
day—and sometimes it is argued that whether
so or not, it is a claim not private in its char-
acter but public, and so it avoids the rule.
Mr. President, all the authorities which have
been cited by the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, although they escape the criticism
suggested by the Senator from California, make
nothing, absolutely nothing, in my estimation
upon this question ; and why? Because they
are instances which occurred by common con-
sent just as to-day, long after the morning hour
had expired, Senators in all parts of the Cham-
ber were permitted, nobody objecting to trans-
act that species of business falling, under the
rule within the morning hour alone. Now,
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] will
appreciate, perhaps, better than members of
this body who have done no service in the
other House the extent of the distinction prac-
tically which I state. It is a rule of the House
of Representatives that no bill containing an
appropriation shall be considered at all unless
it goes to a Committee of the Whole. How
many scores of times have the Senator and
myself witnessed the consideration to comple-
tion of a bill containing an appropriation with-
out going to a Committee of the Whole; and
when the point of order was made only a
moment too late, when some member rising,
but too slowly rising to interpose an objection,
was told by the Speaker that it was too late ;
it had passed the nick of time in which that
objection could be made. So here, day after
day, considerations take place of business
which if one member called the attention of
the Chair to the rule and insisted upon its
observance could not occur. So it was in
18.j9, when this section, ominously silent for
