1869.
Sftfi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBI.
831
Mr. LAFLIN. I "wOuld like to ask my asso-
ciate on the committee, the gentleman 'from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Ela] whether, on read-
ing the letter submitted to our committee yes-
terday' bearing upon the testimony presented,
he did' fiot find less with which to charge the
Secretary of the Interior than he had before
supposed ; in other words, whether the state-
ment made by the Secretaryof thfc Interior did
not "in his opinion place the Secretary, so far
as this transaction is concerned, in a light of
which that officer need not be ashamed ?
Mr. ELA. So far "as regards that transaction,
the1 Secretary:. of the Interior was evidently
taisted by General Stout.
: Mr. OOVODE. I trnst, while this subject is
before $s, the gentleman from New Hampshire
[Mr. Ela] is prepared to answer certain ques-
tions,-' and let us know who is the chief crimi-
nal in this transaction. It is evident from the
statements which have been made here that
three fourths of the money appropriated for
stationery in the. Interior Department has been
improperly expended. Now, if I were a mem-
ber of a committee investigating such a case I
would not take, testimony for a month without
knowing who "was the chief criminal. I want
the gentlemen of the committee to come out
and tell us who:is resportsible for these frauds.
One gentleman attempts to exonerate the Sec-
retary of the Interior; another1 seeks to exon-
erate somebody else. Now, I want to know
who is the guilty party. t I say that the com-
mittee must before this time know who he is.
I want them to answer squarely and let us know
who ought to be punished.
Mr. ELA. All the answer I can make to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode] is,
that there seems to be rottenness in the whole
contract system as it is now carried on; that
this system is corrupting in its nature to all the
parties having anything to do with it. I hope
the bill which I have this morning reported will
be passed and will have the effect to remove
all temptation in this matter, putting the whole
contract system, so far as it felates to'station-
ery, where it ought, to be. This is all I have
to say on the subject. •
Mr. STEVENS. 1 desire to ask my col-
league [Mr. Ela] whether the Secretary of the
Interior is not by law the contracting party?
Mr. BLA. He is.
Mr. SFEVENS. Then, how can the Secre-
tary of the Interior divest himself of the re-
sponsibility for these frauds committed in his
own Department, of which he has complete
and perfect control?
Mr. ELA. The Secretary of the Interior has
necessarily to depend somewhat upon the heads
of the bureaus, and he may be misled by them,
although thetestimony in this case shows clearly
that there was a sort of understanding among
these parties to rob the Government in the most
effectual way.
Mr. COVODE. Mr. "Sp.eaker-
Mr. ELA. I cannot _ yield any further.
Having stated all that 1 think Becessary on this
subject, I now demand the preyious question,
and ftsk for the vote.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. ELA moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the,motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
■ GOVERNMENT SUPPLY OF STATIONERY.
Mr. ELA, from the Committee on Printing,
reported back House bill No. 1601, to provide
stationery for Congress and the several Depart-
ments, and for other purposes, and moved that
it be pat on its passage.
The Clerk read the bill in extenso. The
first section provides that upon the passage
of this act the heads of each of the executive
and judicial departments at Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, shall immediately cause
estimates to be made of the amount of sta-
tionery and other articles which frill be re*
quired by theto for the ensuing <year, which are
now furaishedas stationery or under stationery
contracts, and forward the same to the Con-
gressional Printer, who shall immediately issue
proposals for Such articles and stationery-and
tuake purchases of the same, iti the manner
and under the regulations provided for in this
act.
The second'section provides that the Con-
gressional Printer shall, at the beginning of
each Session of Congress, submit to the joint
Gommittee on Printing estimates of the quan-
tity -of paper; of all descriptions, which will,
in his opinion, be required for the public
printing, during the ensuing year; and also
estimates of the quantity and articles of •sta-
tionery required for each and all of the execu-
tive and judicial departments'at Washington,
and for the Senate and House of Representa-
tives and the Congressional Printing Office.
The third section provides that the heads of
the several execative.and judicial departments,
and the Secretary of the Senate and1 Clerk of
the House of Representatives, shall on or before
the 20th day of November in each year furnish
or cause to be furnished to the Congressional
Printer estimates of the articles and the quan-
tity of each which will he required for their
several departments for the year following.
1 The fourth section provides that the joint
Committee on Printing shall then fix upon
standards of paper for the different descrip-
tions of public printing, and for all stationery
and articles required, and the Congressional
Printer shall, under their direction, advertise
in two newspapers published in each of the
cities of Boston, New York, Philadelphia,
Baltimore, Washington, and Cincinnati, and
in any other city where, in their judgment, it
may become necessary, for sealed proposals to
furnish the Government with paper and all the
other articles of the quality and in the auanti-
ties'specified in the advertisement, which shall
"specify the quantity and quality of all the arti-
cles required; and he shall furnish to the appli-
cants samples of the-standard'articles whioh
have been adopted.
The fifth section provides that the advertise-
ments for sealed proposals shall specify the
minimum portion of each article required for
either three months, sii months, orone year, as
the joint Committee on Printing may determ-
ine; but when the minimum portion so speci-
fied exceeds in any case one thousand reams
of paper the advertisements shall state that pro-
posals shall be 1-eceived for one thousand reams
or more.
The sixth section provides that all sealed
proposals to furnish any article shall be opened
in the presence of the joint Gommittee on
Printing, and the contracts shall be awarded
by the committee to the lowest and best bidder
for each article or class for the interest of the
Government; but they shall not consider any
proposal which is not accompanied by satis-
factory evidence that the person making it is
a manufacturer or dealer in the articles which
he proposes to furnish, and the said joint com-
rnittee'shall, in their award of each contract,
allow and designate a reasonable time for fill-
ing it. '
The seventh section provides that no contract
for furnishing paper or any other article shall
be valid until it has been approved by said
joint committee, (if made under their direction,
or by the Secretary of the Interior, if made
under his direction,) according to the provis-
ions of section nine.
The eighth section provides that the Con-
gressional Printer shall compare all articles
delivered by any contractor with the standard
of quality, and shall not accept any article
which does not conform to it; and in case of
a difference of opinion between the Congres-
sional Printer and any contractor with respect
to the quality of any article furnished, the
matter of difference shall be determined-by the
joint Committee on Printing, or in the recess
of Congress by the Secretary of the Interior.
The ninth section provides that in defaulter
any contractor to ftirmsh-the articles contracted
for at the proper time,- or of the proper quality
or weight, the Congressional Printer shall -re-
port such default to tlie; joint Committee on
Printing if Congress is in.session, or to the
Seoretary of the Interior if Congress is riot in
session; and he «shall, under the direction o£
the joint Committee on Printing, or, pf th?
Secretary, of the Interior, as the cage jnay
be, enter into a new contract with tHe lowest
andbest bidder for the interest of the' Govern-
ment among those whose proposals were- re-
jected at the last opening of bids, or hfi ;sbail
advertise for new proposals under the'regula*
tions concerning advertisements for proposals
hereinbefore stated; and during the interval
which may thus occur he shall, under the di-
rection of the joint Committee on Printing,
or of the Secretary of the Interior as-above
provided, purchase in open market, at the low-
est market price, all such articles necessary
for use.
The tenth section provides that in case of any
contractor's default to comply with his contract
he and his securities shall be chai-ged with and
held responsible for any increase of costto the
Government in procuring the supply which
may be consequent upon such default.
The eleventh section provides that <vhen any
such default occurs the Congressional Printer
shall report it, with a full statement of all the
facts in the case, to the Solicitor of the Treas-
ury, who shall prosecute the defaulting con-
tractor and his securities upon their bond in the
circuit courtoffche United States in the district
in which such defaulting contractor resided.'
The twelfth section provides that the joint
Committee on Printing, or, during the recess of
Congress, the Secretary of the Interior, may
authorize the Congressional Printer to make
purchases in open market whenever, in their
opinion, the quantity required ia so small or
the want is so immediate as not to justify adver-
tisement for proposals and the award of a con-
tract therefor.
The thirteenth section provides that the Con-
gressional Printer shall charge himself in a
book to be kept for that purpose with all -paper
and other articles or material received for the
public use, and he shall furnish the same to the
foremen of printing and binding and to theoffi-
eers of the executive and judicial departments
and of the Senate aBd House of Representa-
tives authorized to receive them, on their-writ-
ten requisitionsas the public service ma$ require
them, taking a receipt from each officer-for such
article, which shall be entered to his credit;-
and accounts shall be kept with each depart-
ment and all articles delivered charged to them.
And to carry out the provisions of this act the
Congressional Printer may employ one .clerk
of the fourth class, one of the second class, and
one messenger, and -shall give an additional
bond of $40,000, and receive, in addition to his
present Salary, $1,000.
The fourteenth section provides that from
and after the passage of this act it shall be un-
lawful to make further contracts or purchases
or payment for any stationery or article fur-
nished as such, except under existing con*
tracts and in accordance with the regulations
hereinbefore provided. _ 1 '
The fifteenth and concluding section pro-
vides that all acts and parts of acts inconsist-
ent with the foregoing provisions are hereby
repealed.
Mr. ELA: The bill establishes no new prin-
ciple, but takes the present system of supply-
ing the Government with paper, and enlarges
it to include the -supply 6f stationery for the
two Houses Of Congress and for the Depart-
ments. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereofthebill was ordered to be engrossed
and read-a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELA moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
