1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1583
and i understand this resolution will be in the
nature of an amendment, authonzingthe House
of Representatives to meet at three o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; Congress will meet
at three o'clock.
Mi. TRUMBULL. But Congress does not
meet at twelve o'clock if this resolution is
passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the joint resolution will be read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have 110 objection to
its being read ; but I think it should receive a
liuie consideration before it is acted upon.
Mr. SHERMAN". The House desire to have
it acted upon in order to enable thein to make
their arrangements to attend to the inaugu-
ration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly so ; but they
cannot do it in consequence of the law as it
stands. That is their matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint
resolution will be read for the information of
the Senate.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Be it resolved, &c., That the time for the first reg-
ul.ir meeting of the House of .Representatives of the
Forty-First Congress be, and is hereby, postponed
from twelve o'clock meridian, on the 4th day of
March. 18G9, to the hour of three o'clock in the after-
noon of the said day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think there is
any practical difficulty about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to the present consideration of the
joint resolution? The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and it is before the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It strikes me there is
an insurmountable difficulty in passing the res-
olution. As the law stands Congress meets
at twelve o'clock on the 4th of March. That
is the ltiw. Congress consists of the Senate
and House of Representatives. 'Now, if you
pass another law that the House shall not meet
until three o'clock the Senate cannot meet at
twelve o'clock, because it is only as part of
the Congress that the Senate can meet here at
twelve o'clock at all; and you must have the
Senate here to superintend the inauguration
ceremonies. If the Senate were convened in
executive session it could get together; but
(he Senate cannot get together as a part of
Congress unless the Congress is to meet at that
tune. I have certainly no objection to a law
being framed so that the House will not meet
until at a later hour if you can so frame it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is manifest that the
House desire first to participate in the inau-
guration,
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no objection
to that; that is all right; but can you do it by
this resolution ?
Mr. SUMNER. Why may not the case be
met by a proviso : u Provided that the Senate
shall meet at twelve o'clock on that day."
Mr. SHERMAN. The law requires that.
Mr. SUMNER. It would make it certain;
it would remove ambiguity.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I submit to the Senator
from Massachusetts whether, under the Consti-
tution. you can provide for the Senate to meet
by itself; whether it must not be by the Execu-
tive calling it together? You can provide that
Congress shall meet at a certain time; but can
you by law appoint a time for the Senate to
meet? I have not thought of the question
before.
Mr. SUMNER. Nor I either. The ques-
tion is a new one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The President can con-
vene the Senate in executive session.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the only objection is
the constitutional one I think the remedy is
very easy. It is the one that wr constantly
apply when we meet with any difficulty. Le,t
us propose a constitutional amendment on the
subject. [Laughter.] We can pass iobetween
this and the 4th of March without the least
difficulty.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think there is no prac-
tical difficulty in allowing the House to meet at
three o'clock on the 4th of March.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the Senate when
it meets at twelve o'clock on the 4th of March?
It certainly is not a Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is the Senate of the
United States whether the House meets or
not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Can you do that? Can
you provide by law for the assemblage of the
Senate of the United States?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think it is very
important that the Senate should do anything
before three o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate must be here
in some capacity if it is here at all. If it is
here to swear in the Vice President and the
new Senators it must be here legitimately.
Now, we meet at twelve o'clock on the 4th of
March to administer the oath of office to the
incoming Vice President and to administer
the oath of office to the new Senators. We
must be here in some capacity with authority
to do so. Fifty persons cannot get together
and do it. How are we here? We certainly
are not here in executive session convened by
proclamation of the President. If we are here
we are here as a Congress. Now, you propose
to change the law so that Congress will not
meet at twelve o'clock on the 4th of March.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to make
an inquiry of the honorable Senator if he will
allow me. Is there any difficulty in the House
taking a recess at twelve o'clock until such hour
as they please?
Mr. TRUMBULL. None at all.
Mr. CONKLING. Then what is the occa-
sion for this resolution?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state the occasion
for it, and my friend from New York will see
it at once. Under the law as it now stands the
House of Representatives will meet at twelve
o'clock on the 4th of March. It will take them
longer to call over the roll of members than
the whole inauguration proceedings will occupy,
and consequently they will be denied the right
to participate in that which the law contem-
plates and the Constitution contemplates should
be open and public. There is the difficulty.
When they meet at twelve o'clock they cannot
do anything except to call the roll of members.
No motion can be made until that roll is callcd
and they have found out who compose that
House. The result is that the time between
twelve and three o'clock, or at least an hour
or two hours, will be employed in the necessary
preliminary business which must precede even
a motion to take a recess. Now, why deny
the House of Representatives the opportunity
to participate in the inauguration ceremonies?
Why not allow them to meet at three o'clock?
There is no doubt of the legality of the propo-
sition. There is no law and no provision of
the Constitution to prevent it. The members
of the House are now waiting, before making
their arrangements for the inauguration, for
our action and our consent to this modification
of the law. Otherwise, merely because we will
not give them that, they will have to remain in
their own Hall and call the roll of members
and swear in members, and then take a recess
after that until the inauguration ceremony is
over.
Mr. SUMNER. I cannot, on reflection,
doubt the legality of the proposed joint reso-
lution. It seems to me that it is simply in the
nature of an accommodation to the House of
Representatives, enabling them to meet a few
hours later than they would otherwise meet.
Rut the Senator from Illinois asks the ques-
tion whether, under the Constitution, the two
Houses must not meet at the same time. I
answer, the two, perhaps, must meet on the
same day; but it is a familiar rule of law that
unless under very peculiar circumstances the
law will not inquire into fractions of a day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Letmeaskthe Senator
from Massachusetts what is the objection to
their agreeing, by a common understanding,
not to call the roll of the House at all?
Mr. SUMNER. I understand the law is
imperative that the roll must be called at once.
Not a motion can be made ; members must be
in their seats ; and then they must proceed to
the election of a Speaker. There is, therefore,
a difficulty in the conduct of the business of
the House on that day.
Mr. SHERMAN. The law, which I have
before me, requires that they shall meet at>
twelve o'clock meridian, and they cannot con-
tinue their existence exeept by taking a recess
or an adjournment, and they cannot move a
recess until they call the roll and ascertain
who has the right to vote. That would more
than occupy all the time during which the
inauguration proceedings will take place.
_Mr. SUMNER. I should say, under the
joint resolution, the two Houses practically
meet at the same time. They meet, on the
same day ; but for the convenience of the other
House it is arranged that it shall meet at the
hour named. I think there can be no illegality
in that. I would add, merely for the sake of
caution :
Provided, That the Senate shall meet1 at twelve
o'clock on that day.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator thinks it
necessary 
Mr. SUMNER. I do not think it necessary;
but it seems to me it makes the joint resolu-
tion perfectly secure.
Mr. SHERMAN. I guessyou had better not
put it on ; let it stand as the House want it.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I withdraw mjr
proviso.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clixtox Llovd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 9G8) for the coinage of nickel-cop-
per pieces of five cents and under; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 0G8) authorizing
certain banks named therein to change their
names.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 8) proposing an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. THAYER submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
1808) making appropriations forthe service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1870; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. CRAGIN and Mr. STEWART sub-
mitted amendments intended to be proposed
to the legislative, executive, and judicial appro-
priation bill; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 180S) making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending June 30,
1870, and for other purposes; the pending ques-
tion being on the question of order raised on
the amendment proposed by Mr. Su.mxer.
Mr. DOOU'LTLE. I was remarking that I
saw nothing in the pledge of the proceeds of
this claim by Maine and Massachusetts to the
building of a public highway to Nova Scotia
which made it private in its nature. Tlie pur-
pose for which the pledge is given is a public
one, a national one, and the highway itself is
to be national in its character, reaching from
New England into a province of British North
America, which it is essential we should bind
if possible by railway communication to the
United States. Why, Mr. President, in what
condition do we now stand? I only refer to
what is stated in the public newspapers and to
nothing which transpires in the Senate in secret
session. We know, if we are to rely upon the
public statements on this and the other side of
the water, that an important treaty lately nego-
