mM.mmmmm-kh gmbe.
February, S,
• ENROLED JOINT RESOLUTION. y:{
Mr. HOLMAN, from tile Committee on
Enrolled Bills", Reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled Senate joint resolu-
tion No. 173, respecting the provisional gov-
ernments of Virginia and Texas: when the
Speaker signed the same. _
' IsRIDCJE ACROSS' TttE CONNECTICUT RStVER.
. The SPEAKER statedthatthe morning hour
had commenced, and the first business in order
,wfts th3 unfinished business of yesterday, being
House,bill No> 1850, to establish a certain pest
road in the State of Connecticut; the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr.
Hubbard, of Connecticut, as follows:
Provided, That said bridge shall be constructed a nd
used in suck a manner as to cause no material or
substantial obstruction to the free navigation of said
river. " . . . -
Mr. COOK. The law of Connecticut which
authorizes the construction of this bridge pro-
vides that it shall be constructed in such' man-
ner as to cau$e no substantial or material
obstruction to free navigation, and the amend-
ment,is therefore unnecessary.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, I ask the
gqutlerpiin to yield, to me. 1 , ■ . . ■
Mr. COOK. I yield for five minutes.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, The.geu-
tleiaan mistaken in' supposing that the bill
reported'by the committee has any provision
that secures the free navigation of the Con-
necticut river. On the contrary the second sec-
tion of the bill provides:
That said bridge when completed in tho mannor
arid iu tho place and in aocordance with the plan of
(ho board of oilKinoei'S appointed in conformity with
the resolution aforesaid, shall be token and deemed
to bo a logal struoture.
Mr. COOK. Has the gentleman got the bill?
. Mr.. HUBlBAHD, of Connecticut. I read
from tho bill. Now, sir, the board of engineers
may authorize a bridge with draws of less than
one hundred and twenty feet; they may au-
thorize a bridge' that yill be a positive nuisance,
and yet the doors of the court .are shut so that
nobody Avho is injured can ask for a remedy at
the hands of the eourt.
.Mr. COOK. Will the gentleman allow me
to correct him V He is reading from an early
printed bill, which has been amended by the
committee iu the very particular of which he
speaks.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I shall
be happy to. boo the other bill. -Now, Mr.
Speaker, i have Uuken no trouble to pre-ocuu py
the ears .of any member of this House in refer-
otioe to this matter, although it is one in which
one hundred thousand of my constituents are
deeply interested. 1 ask the ear of the House
for a single moment while I attempt to present
the facts in the case. And I beg to say here
that from causes beyond my own control I had
no opportunity of appearing before the com-
mitteeinreforenceto this bill. Now, the Legis-
late re of the State of Connecticut, has expressly
provided that no structure to bo erected over
this river shall be less than one hundred and
twenty feet in width, and that the structure
shall not substantially interfere with the navi-
gation of tho river. Two bridges, under the
resolution, are to be constructed, one at Mid-
dletown and the other at the mouth of the
river. Now, as the Legislature of Connecticut
has attempted to reserve the powers of the
General Government in regard to its great
highways, I only ask that the House iu passing
this bill will save to the Government the same
privilege which the Legislature of Connecticut
intended to preserve and to provide, that the
structure, whatever it may be, shall be so
erected asnot to be a substantial interference
with the navigation of that river,
. Now, then, this bill provides that any
bridge erected across the Connecticut river in
accordance with the resolutions of the Legis-
lature of that State and in accordance with the
plan of the board of engineers shall be a legal
structure. It therefore follows that when the
board of engineers have reported a plan, no
matter what that plan may he, the counts-can-
not interfere to remedy it, because the action
of the board of engineecs is final with refer-
ence to the matter. So that it may turn out,
as it actually has in .the case q£ the Shore-Lin§
railroad, at the mouth of the. river, that the
•board will* report a plan of structure which the
circuit eourt of the United States, on a pre-
liminary hearing and upon full argument of,
counsel , oo both sides, may decide, to . be a
nuisance. After the decision in the case of the
Shore:Line railroad the parties interested in
that road immediately hurried to Congress for
the purpose of .procuring the passage of a bill
that should take away the jurisdiction of the
courts.; _ -
Now, I beg leave to give my opinion as a
professional mas, having some, little familiarity
with, the legislation of the State of Connecti-
cut, in view of the action of the circuit court
in the case of the Shore-Line' railroad, that
if this bill is passed the jurisdiction,o.f the cir-
cuit eourt is taken away, and no court can
inquire whether the structure to be erected
across the river be or be not a nuisance ; and
simply for the reason that the board of engi-
neers have passed upon a plan which is final.
Mr. COOK. I desire to ask the gentleman
■thisquestion. Was not the point upon which
the Injunction was issued this: that the Gen-
eral". Government had not given the right to
build any bridge, whether an obstruction or
not?
Mri HUBBARD, of Connecticut. N.o, sir;
Judge-Nelson, holding .that court, announced
distinctly this doctrine, that the Legislature
might authorize the bridging of that river, and,
provided the bridge did not interfere with the
commerce of the United States, the Federal
courts had nothing to do with it. But if the
bridge interfered with the commerce of the
United States it was the duty of the court to
protect the commerce of the United States
against that interference, and held in that case,
as I have already stated, that the structure
reported by the board of engineers was a nui-
sance to the navigation of the river, and ordered
a preliminary injunction. Now, all I ask is
that yog secure me that common right that a
man wlTo has lost a dead dog has to its skin,
the right to go into court and have his right
fairly tried. That is all I ask.
[Here the hammer fell-]
Mr. COOK. I now yield for five minutes
to the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr-SiAR^.-
weathbr. ]
Mr. STARKWEATHER. _ This bill simply
provides, after full investigation by the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, that the action
of the Connecticut Legislature shaft reccive the
sanction of this Congress. My colleague [Mr.
Hubbard] says that he speaks for one hundred
thousand people of his district. That may be
so. I am not here to dispute the number of
his constituents that way be interested to haye
all the business of the State of Connecticut
pass through the city of Hartford, although it
is taken forty miles oat of the- direct line. I
can say to the gentleman and to this House
that a large majority of eastern Connecticut
and Rhode Island and eastern Massachusetts
are interested in the passage of this bill. The
gentleman from Middletown [Mr. Hotchkiss]
represents the counties.of New Haven and
Middlesex, who are greatly interested in the
passage of this bill as well as the people of
eastern Connecticut. • This matter has been
fully investigated by the Connecticut Legisla-
ture, and passed by a very large majority, after
the fullest.investigation ever had in our State,
and they passed a bill in its mostguarded form,
as submitted here. What does it provide? Just
what the chairman of the Committee on Roads
and Canals says, that no bridge shall be erected
that shall obstruct the navigation of that river.
Does the gentleman ask anything more than
that ? The object is to prevent any bridge being
built at ally and to compel the whole travel on
the proposed railroad and on the Shore-Line
railroad to go by ferry over this river, which is
frozen up three months in the year,, or to go
around by way of Hartford.
Mf. flUBliARI), 'of Connecticut. • I would
inform my colleague that if the amendment
I.have proposed is< accepted I shall not offer
any sort of opposition to the bill.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I am aware that
if my colleague .can amend the bill so as to
make it worthless anil different from that re-
ppr.ted by the committee he will need to offer
no furthers .opposition. The Committee on
Roads and Canals have investigated the mat-
ter, fully.; and my colleague, [Mr. Barnum,]
who kn'ovys all about Connecticut, is a member
of that committee. A large majority of the
people of C.onnecticut favor this measure, and
I say that a Hartford interest alone ought not
to compel the business of all the rest of the
State to pas? through that city over a bridge
of t]ieir own construction across this . same
riy#r.. What we agkis only justice; and I hope
the .House will not permit .any. amendment
"which gc^es against thereportof the committee.
Mr. COOK. I .demand the previous ques-
tion on the amendment of-the gentle/nan irurn
Connecticut, [Mr. Hubbakp.] , . •'
: The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was put on the amendment;
and there were—ayes 56, noes 67.
Mr. WOODWARD demanded the,yeas .and
nays.
, The yeas and nays were ordered.
RECUSANT "WITNESS FLORENCE SOANNBtL.
The Sergeant-at-Arms here appeared'at the
bar of.'the House, accompanied by Florence
Scannell, andsmd: ^Pursuant to the order of
the House, I now have produced Florence
Scannelh of the city of New York, at the bar
of the House.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio.- I submit the
resolution which I send to the Clerk's;desk,
and ask its adoption' at this time.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That Florence Sea.nnell,' of'tho city of
New York, now in the custody of the Sergeant-at-
Arms, on an attachment for a contempt in refusing
to answer certain questions propounded to liim by
tho solect committee of this House appointed to ex-
aminointo alleged frauds committed at the late presi-
dential election in the State of New York, be now ar-
raigned at the bar of this House, and that tho Speaker
propound to liim the followinginterrogatories :
1. What excuse have you for refusing to answer
the questions propounded to you by the select com-
mitted of this House appointed to examine into
alleged frauds committed at the late presidential
«lsetiOnin the Stato'of New York"? . :
. 2. Ate Mm now ready to aPR^r before said oom-
mittoe ana.answer such questions as shall he pro-
pounded to you by said committee?
Mr. LAWRENCE,' of Ohio. I Suppose no
explanation of .this resolution is necessary.
Its purpose is Well understood by the House.
It is drawn in the usual form. I now call the
previous question.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman yield to
me' for an inquiry ? '
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Ohio whether the first interroga-
tory to^ be propounded to this witness is in the
usual form ? If the witness is willing- to an-
swer any question -which may be put to him
by the committee, is there any necessity for
propounding.the first interrogatory to him?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I understand
that the resolution is drawn in the usual form;
it is certainly in the proper form.- This House
has a right to know why this witness has re-
fused to answer questions put to him by the
committee. It may be due to the witness that
he should have an opportunity to state why he
refused to answer. How that is I do not know.
Mr. WOOD. :The object of this proceed-
ing, as I understand it, is to compel this wit-
ness to make answer to questions propounded
by the committee. That, I understand, the
witness is now prepared to do. But I (Jo not
understand that it is usual under circumstances
like these for the witness to be obliged to make
any further answer than that he is willing to
respond to the interrogatories of the committee.
Sir. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, .This resolu-
tion is drawn up in the form used in the case
of Woollay, at the last session of Congress.
