1869.
TSE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Mr. ROBINSON. That is a bad-precedent.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. It is certainly
proper that a witness wlio has refused to an-
swer questions put to him by a committee of
this House should in a proper case be punished
for his refusal.
Mr. WOOD. I make 110 objection to the
resolution. I only wish to know if it is in the
usual form.
Mr. ROBINSON. I would respectfully sug-
gest to the chairman of the investigating com-
mittee, the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Law-
rence,] that inasmuch as there is no charge
against this gentleman that he absolutely refuses
to answer, the first interrogatory which it is
proposed to have the Speaker put to him is
unnecessary. Now, if he answers the second
interrogatory, that he is now ready to answer
any question put to him by the committee,
that, I think, is sufficient.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I think it is
proper that this question should be put in this
particular case, and that we should set an
example that will be useful hereafter. I now
insist upon my call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
The SPEAKER, (addressing the witness
at the bar.) Florance Scannell, by the order
of the House .1 propound to you the following
interrogatories:
IHrst. What excuse have you for refusing to
answer the .questions propounded to you by
the select committee of this House appointed
to examine into alleged frauds committed at
the late presidential election in the State of
New York?
Second. Are you now ready to appear be-
fore s lid committee and answer such questions
as shall be propounded to you by said com-
mittee ?
Mr. Scannell, (the witness.) Well, I have
no reason for not answering except that I had
given my word to a gentleman that I would not
mention the matter. I have since consulted
with him, and he is perfectly willing to relieve
me from the promise. 1 stand ready to answer
and to tell who this man is.- He is perfectly
willing I should name him, and I am here to
do so.
The SPEAKER. If no further action is
proposed in the House the witness will remain
in custody to apDear before the committee.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I suppose it
is only necessary that the witness should re-
main iu the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms,
to appear before the committee.
1U5CUSANT WITNESS IlENltY JOHNSON.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar
of the House, accompanied by Henry Johnson,
and said: Pursuant to an order of the House,
I now produce Henry Johnson, of the city of
New York, at the bar of the House.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I submit a
resolution, which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That Henry Johnson, of the city of New
York, now m tbc custody of tlio Sorgeant-at-Arms
tor a contempt in rftt'using or neglecting ohedience to
the summons reciuiiinghirn to appearand testify be-
fore the select committee of this House appointed to
examine into alleged frauds committed at the late
presidential election in the State of New York, be
now arraigned at the bar of this House, and that the
Speaker propound to him tlio following inteiroga-
toriea:
1. Whatexcusc have you for refusing to answer be-
fore the select committee of this House appointed to
examine into alleged frauds, committed at the late
presidential election in the State of New York, in
pursuance of the summons served on you for that
purpose?
Arc you now ready to appear before said eom-
mittoe and answor such questions as bhall bo put to
you by said committee?
Mr. LAWRENCE, df Ohio. I call the pre-
vious question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair takes this
occasion to state that he received a letter from
this witness after the resolution for his arrest
had been adopted, by the House, stating, first,
that he had presented. himself at, the "place
designated by the officer who served the sub-
40th Cong. 3d Bess.—No. 53.
pena upon him, and the officer was not present
at the time; and secondly, that his pecuniary
means were such as to prevent his coming to
Washington in answer to the summons of the
committee. This letter the Speaker handed to
the chairman of the committee.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Henry Johnson, what
excuse have you for refusing to answer before
the select committee of this House appointed
to examine into alleged frauds committed at
the late presidential election in the,State of
New York, in pursuance of the summons
served on you for that purpose ? Are you now
ready to appear before said committee and
answer such questions as shall be put to you
by said committee ?
Mr. Johnson, (the witness.) Mr. Speaker,
I have never refused to obey the summons of
the chairman of the committee nor neglected
to obey it, and I am now,ready to answer any
questions that may be put "to me.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I will simply
ask that this witness remain in the custody of
the Sergeant-at-Arms, to appear before the
committee.
The SPEAKER. Both witnesses will remain
in custody unless the House otherwise orders.
. Mr. PRUYN. I beg to say that I think this
witness ought to be discharged. He has com-
mitted no contempt.
The SPEAKBR. That is for the House to
determine.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I desire to
make a statement in reference to this matter.
This witness was summoned on the evening
before the committee loft New York. I was
informed by the messenger who served the
process upon him that he promised to appear
before the committee the next day at one
o'clock. I directed the messenger to serve
upon him another summons on the morning
of the day the committee left New York, and
to say to him that the, committee could not,
wait until one o'clock, but that he must appear
before the committee at ten o'clock. He dul
not appear before the committee that day at
all; at least he did not come into the commit-
tee-room and notify us that he was there.
The Witness. I should like to make a state-
ment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is there anything before
the House which the gentleman from Ohio or
anybody else can discuss?
The SPEAKER. The witness is still at the
bar of the House.
Mr. PRUYN. I move that the witness be
discharged-from custody.
Mr. WOOD. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will have an opportunity to explain his
course in reference to this witness, for I think
it requires explanation. I hope he will have
an opportunity to do so.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York moves that the witness i>e discharged
from the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. PRUYN. Is the motion debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is debatable.
Mr. PRUYN. 1 wish to make a brief state-
ment. This witness has been brought before
the bar of the House, and he has stated the
circumstances attendant on his alleged con-
tempt. He tells this House, and I understand
the fact is undisputed, that he did attend at a
certain time and place designated by the officer
who served the summons on him, but that the
officer was not there. He says that he had no
purpose whatever to commit any contempt of
the process of the House, and that he was not
able to come to Washington, not having the
funds, and not having been furnished with
them, as he ought to have been if his presence
was required here, 1 do not see why in such
a case, with a witness who tells us that he
never did commit a contempt, and is now will-
ing to answer 
Mr. HIGBY. Where does the gentleman
from New York get that information'?.
Mr. PRUYN. From his own- statement.
He is asked his reason, and; he tells why he
ha& not appeared before the committee. •
Mr. HIGBY. He made no sueb statement
in the House.
Mr. PRUYN. The Speaker stated that he
had received a letter to that effect from the
witness.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the witness
be allowed to make a statement to purge him-
self of contempt.
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask the gentleman from
New York to yield to me.
Mr. PRUYN." Certainly.
Mr. ROBINSON. M?. Speaker, perhaps
the exhibition we have now before us is tha
best example we could have of the tyrannical
course which men will pursue when clothed
with a little brief authorityj
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
those words are parliamentary. The witness
is at tha bar for alleged contempt.
Mr. ROBINSON. I have made no refer-
ence to any member of the Iloiise, and if the
Chair will only listen to ine I have no doubt he
will agree with me that I have no intention to
say anything in contempt of the House.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object. Let the words
bo taken down, and let it be decided whether
it is parliamentary or not.
The SPEAKER. The words have been taken
down and will be reported.
Mr. ROBINSON. I did not intend any
reference to any member.
The SPEAKER. The words must first be
reported.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Mr. Robinson. Mr. Speaker, perhaps the exhibi-
tion wo have now before us is the best example wo
could have of the tyrannical course which mon will
pursue when clothed with a little brief authority."
Mr. VAN AUICKN. Does not the point of
order eoinc too late?
The SPEAKER. The Chair made the point
of order at the time. The House had at its
bar a witness foralleged contempt. The com-
mittee on the New York election frauds had
the power to send for persons and papers.
They reported that this witness refused to ap-
pear and testify before them. The House then
ordered his arrest for contemptof its authority.
It is a question of the highest privilege. - 1'iie
gentleman from New York used the words
which have been reported. The Chair rules
that they are not parliamentary. In reply to
the gentleman's remarks that he did not mean
to apply them to any member the Chair thiuks
that the first words do apply to the transaction
now'before the House, which is the result of
the resolution of the gentleman from Ohio,
reported from the special committee on New
York election frauds.
Mr. BOYER, I wish to ask whether it is in
order to move that the witness be allowed to
complete his statement for the purpose of
purging his alleged contempt.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York was on the floor for that purpose.
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Speaker, I have but a
few words to say in regard to this matter. _ I
look upon it strictly as a question of parlia-
mentary practice. I know nothing of this
man Johnson ; I never saw him before, and
have no acquaintance with the proceedings in
this case except so far as they appear from
the papers presented to us. When a person
is declared to be in contempt and has ap-
peared before the House, according to estab-
lished practice in all courts and public bodies
the House has the right to question him under
oath or otherwise as to the occurrences which
have taken place and the circumstances attend-
ing the alleged contempt. If the House so
order, the Speaker may put the witness under
oath, and he may be compelled to answer here
in the House as to the facts and circumstances
attendant upon the alleged contempt. If we
choose to listen to his statement without hav-
ing him sworn then we are to give the credence
to his s'aleroents to which they are fairly.'enti-
tied coming from a respectable person. Ua-
