834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
r
der these circumstances, and as this witness
has declared here that he never intended any
contempt and did not know he had been guilty
of any ; that he attended at the time and place
named by the officer, and the officer was not
there, we are to believe that statement unless
the officer be produced to deny it, or unless
the chairman of the committee is prepared to
say on his responsibility that the statement.is
not true—a denial which, of course, he cannot
make, because he was not present and has no
personal knowledge of the facts. Therefore,
as the witness says he is ready to answer to
the committee, I insist that he ought not to be
placet?in custody. It is a sort of stigma which
ought not to attach to him.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman yield for
an inquiry?
Mr. PROYN. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to know if the
gentleman proposes to raise a question of
veracity between the witness and the chairman
of the committee?
Mr. PRUYN. Not at all.
Mr. DAWES. Then, if he will allow the
chairman of the committee or such member of
the committee as was present when this alleged
contempt, if any, was committed, to make his
statement, the House will.be able' to judge
between the member of the committee and the
witness.
Mr. PRUYN. Of course I will yield to the
chairman of the committee for that purpose.
Mr. DAWES. The witness simply makes a
denial, and the gentleman from New York
reposes to close the case upon that statement.
was not present myself when this alleged con-
tempt transpired, but there are other members
of the committee to whom [ think it is due that
the House should hear (heir statement.
Mr. PRUYN. i yield to the chairman of
the committee.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope the chairman of
the committee will not take the floor by courtesy
of others, but by his own right.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Oh, I am not
particular how 1 get the floor. [Laughter.] I
desire to state that this witness did not appear
before the committee. I say further that the
committee had no information that he was at
the door of the committee-room or in the build-
ing where they sat, but I am informed, as a
matter of fact, that he was not there at all.
Further, I state that he was served with two
subpenas, as I am informed, and that before
ho had been served he had promised to come
before the committee i ana yet he failed to
appear at all. I hold in my hand the subpena
served on him on the 12th of January.
_Mr. PRUYN. If the gentleman has finished
his statement I wish simply to make this com-
mentupon it. Theperson nowbefore theHouse
under arrest does not deny that he was served
with a subpena. He admits that; but he says
he was tola by the officer who served it that he
was to attend at a certain time and place, and
he went there and the officer wasnot in attend-
ance, as he expected. Now, we are either to
believe this statement or disbelieve it. If it be
true, he is not in contempt in fact. lie may be
technically so, but he is not really and truly in
contempt of the process of the House. He
ought, therefore, to be discharged from the cus-
tody of the Sergeant-at-Arms, as he has declared
his willingness to attend before the committee
at any moment for the purpose of being exam-
ined.
Me. DICKEY. This witness was regularly
summoned to appear before a committee of
this House. Two subpenas were regularly
served upon him by the Sergeant-at-Arms of
tins House. He neglected or refused to appear
before the committee; whereupon we have asked
process of this House, and brought him before
the bar of the House. He is in contempt in
noi appearing before the committee. The only
thing we desire of him is to answer. After he
has answered before the committee it will be
time enough to ask for his discharge. I move
the previous question on the motion of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Pruyn.]
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I move to lay the motion
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Pruyn]
on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry?
The SPEAKER. There are two undebat-
able motions pending, and the Chair cannot
answer parliamentary questions.
Mr. MAYNARD. If we refuseto discharge
the witness in what attitude will it leave him?
The SPEAKER. He will atill be under
arrest. [Laughter.]
The question was put on the motion to lay
on the table the motion of Mr. Prtjyx, that
the witness be discharged from custody; and
there were—ayes 111, noes 26.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is it now in order to
move that the witness shall be allowed at this
time to make a statement in his own defense?
The SPEAKER. .It is in order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I make that motion, so
that the person under arrest may exculpate
himself if he has good grounds. He may make
an explanation entirely satisfactory to the
House; and when the facts are all known it
may appear that he has not been in contempt
of the authority of this House. I move that he
be allowed the privilege of making a statement.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope no such motion
will prevail.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Ihgersoll] that he wait
until the witness goes before the committee and
they introduce some action on the question.
As a matter of course the Sergeant-at-Arms is
not going to be very harsh with him or anything
of that kind. The committee will let us have
some report on the matter very soon, probably
to-morrow.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am perfectly willing
that the matter shall be postponed if the wit-
ness does not lose his rights, and the House
does not pass on the question until he has been
heard.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desir® to say a single
word. This witness is brought here by the au-
thority of the House 011 a statement made by
one of its committees. The House has directed
the Speaker to propound two interrogatories to
him, one of which wasjwhy he failed to appear
and respond as required by the summons of
the House through one of its committees. That
question was propounded to him, and instead
of assigning reasons or an excuse he meets it
with a fiat, simple, positive denial, and there
stops. It strikes me that the House, as a mat-
ter of respect to itself, if it is entitled to respect
itself or does respect itself, has the matter pre-
closed, Unless the witness himself through
some one—unless the gentleman from Illinois
appears at his special instance—asks this as a
favor, I am opposed to taking any further action
or any further notice of this wiuiess, but would
leave him in the hands of the Sergeant-at-Arms,
to be dealt with according to the rules of the
House.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not appear except
in the interest of the administration ofjustice,
and because this man may be a poor and un-
fortunate man. I know nothing about him,
and so far as this case is concerned I care
nothing about him. He is charged here with
a certain offense amounting to a contempt, and
has been brought here upon the warrant of the
Speaker. Now, the man has a right to be
heard in his defense. I am in favor, for one,
of his having an opportunity to be heard either
to-day or to-morrow. Before I pass upon the
question whether the witness is or is not guilty
of contempt, I want to hear the facts in the
case.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to ask a ques-
tion of the Chair. Can this subject be post-
poned until to-morrow, so that the witness may
in the mean time go before the committee and
be interrogated by them?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion would be
in order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am content with that,
and therefore move that the further considera-
tion of this subject be postponed until to-mor-
row morning immediately after the reading of
the Journal; and on that motion I call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WOOD. Is that motion debatable?
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone
is debatable to a very limited extent, involving
the condition of the business of the House.
Mr. WOOD. 1 think there is a higher ques-
tion involved here than the mere privileges of a
committee.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. The question of postpone-
ment admits of debate to a very limited extent,
relating to the business of the House.
Mr. WOOD. With all due respect to the
dignity of this House and to the privileges of
this committee, there is such a thing as the
rights of a citizen, and there is a question of
privilege involved in our attempt to deprive a
citizen of his liberty.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] iu order? 1 have called
the previous question.
Mr. WOOD. I was speaking against the
proposition to postpone this subject until to-
morrow, because I want this man to have his
liberty.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I want him to have his
liberty, and for that purpose I want him to go
before the committee.
Mr. WOOD. I move to amend the propo-
sition so as to set the witness at liberty now.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order, as it is not germane to the motion which
is pending, to postpone this subject until to-
morrow alter the reading of the Journal.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Has the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Ikoeksoll] withdrawn his
call for the previous question?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have not.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Then I make the
point that this debate is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman from Illinois to call for
the previous question until after the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Wood] obtained the
floor.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I called for the previous
question at the time I submitted the motion to
postpone.
The previous question was then seconded and
the main question ordered.
The question was taken upon the motion to
postpone; and upon a division there were—
ayes 80, noes 50.
Before the result ofthe vote was announced,
Mr. WOOD called for tellers.
Mr. BOYER called for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The demand for the yeas
and tiays has priority of the demand fortellers.
The question was then taken upon ordering
the yeas and nays ; and there were twenty-six
in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being one-fifth of the last
vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 113, nays 53,
not voting 56 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Delos E. Ashley,
Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Bearnan, Boatty, Benjamin,
Blaine. Boles. Boutwell, Bowon, Boyden, Broomnll
Bnckloy, Cake, Callis, Sidney Clarke, Clift, Cobb'
Coburn, Cook, Corley, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Del-
ano, Deweese, Dickey, Dookory, Thomas D. Kli.it,
James I. Elliott, iarnsworth, Eorriss. Ferry Fiolik
Goss, llalsey, Harding, Haughcy, Hawkins', ileaton'
Uigby. Hill, Hooper. Hopkins, Chester D. llubbanl,
ilienara D. llubbard. Hunter, Ingersoll, Jencl,c.N
Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley. Kelsev.
Koontz, Laflin, Lash, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawronce, Lincoln, Loan, Marvin, M«tyiiard, Mor-
cur, Alilier, Mooro. Morroll. Mulhns, Myers New-
comb, Newsharn, Norris, Nunn, O'Noill, Ort.h. J>or-
ham, Pct.eis, Pettis. Pierce, Pike. Plants, Polsley,
itnum. Robertson, Hoot?, .Sawyer, ScofieM, Selyc,
fchellabarger, £mith, Stevens. Stewart, Stok«s, Sto-
™er? 1 John Trimble, Trowbridge,
wmPP80tJ 7an Robert T. Van
Tu rn' Washburn, Welker, Whifcteroore,
Ihomas Williams. William Williams, John T. Wil-
son, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wiadom—113.
