1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
835
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, James M. Ashley, Axtell,
Baker, Barnes, Beck, Benton, Blackburn, Boyer,
Bromwell, Buckland, Burr, Gary, Chanler, Bckley,
Edwards, French, Garfield, Getz, Glossbrenner, Gol-
laday, Gove, Gravely, Grover, Hoight, Holman,
Hotchkiss, Johnson. Thomas L. Jones, KeHogg,
Kitchen, Knott, Marshall, McCorroick, McKee,
Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps, Poland, Pruyn,
Randall, Robinson. Schenck, Sitgreaves, Stonr\ Tst.-
ber, Van Auken, Van Trump, Ward, Wood, Wood-
ward, and Young—-5&.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
Barnum, Bingham,Blair* Brooks, Benjamin F. But-
ler, Roderick R. Butler, Churchill, Reader W.Clarke,
Cornell, Dixon,I)odge, Donnelly, JDriggs, Eggleston,
Elo, Eldridge. Fox, Griswold, Hamilton, Asahol W.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Kerr. Ivctcbam, Lo-
gan, Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory, McCarthy, McCul-
loch, Moorhead, Morrissey, Paine, Pile, Pomeroy,
Priee, Prince,Ros<?,Shanks, Spalding, Starkweather,
Taffe, Taylor, Tift. Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Aer-
jirt.m. Van Wyck, Vidal. Cadwaladcr C. Washburn,
EUhu B. Washburno, Henry D. Washburn, James
F, Wilson, and Woodbridge—56.
So the motion to postpone until to-morrow
immediately after the reading of the Journal
was agreed to.
BlilDUK OV15It TUB CONNECTICUT.
The SPEAKER. The House now resumes
the consideration of House bill No. 1856, to
establish a certain post road in the State of
Connecticut. There are forty-five minutes of
the morning hour now remaining.
The pending question, upon which the yeas
and nays had been ordered, was upon the
amendment of Mr- hubbard, of Connecticut,
to strike out all of the third section after (he
enacting clause and to insert in lieu thereof
the following:
That said bridge shall bo constructed and used in
such a manner as to causo no material orsubstantial
obstruction to the free navigation of said river.
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 60, nays 80, not
voting 73; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Deles R. Ashley, Bnkcr, Baldwin,
Barnes, Beatty,Beck, Ben ton,Boydcn,Boyer, Broom-
all, Buckland, Burr, Callis, Caiy, Delano, Deweese,
Dickey, Get®, Golladay, Haight, Haughey, Heaton,
Holman, Hooper, Richard 1). Hubbard, Johnson,
Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, George
V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Mallory, McRcc,
Moorhead, Mungen.Niblaek, Nicho)son,Norris, Per-
ham, Peters, Phelps, Poland, Pruyn, Randall, Robin-
son, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Sitgreaves, Stone,
Taber, Twichell, Van Auken, Vim Trump, Welker,
Thomas Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood,Wood-
ward, and Young—60.
NAYS—Messrs. Arncll, James M. Ashley, Bailey.
Reaman, Benjamin, Boutwell, Bowen, Bromwell,
Buckley, Cake, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Ooburn, Cook,
Corley, Covode, Cullora, Dawes, Dodge, Kckloy, Ed-
wards, El a, Thomas D. Eliot. James T. Klliott, Fer-
ries, Ferry, Fields, French,Gos*. Harding, Hawkins,
liigby. Hill, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Hunter, Xuaerhoil, Jenekes, Julian,
Kellogg, ICelsey. Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, Lincoln,
Loan. Logan, Marvin, Maynard, McCormiek, Mer-
cur, Miller, Moore, Morrell, Mullins, Myers, News-
ham, Nunn, O'Neill, Ortb, PeUis, Pierce, Plants,
Polsley, Price, Prince, Robertson, Roots, Solye,
Shanks* Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stewart,
Stokes, Stover, Taffc, John Trimble, Trowbridge,
Van Aernam. Burt Van Horn. Cadwalader C.Wash-
burn, Henry D. Washburn. William B. Washburn,
William Williams, James F. Wilson, and John T.
Wilson—89.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames. An-
derson, Archer, Axtell, Banks, Barnum, Bingham,
Blackburn, Blaine, Blair, Boles, Brooks, Benjamin
F. Butler. Roderick R. Butler, Chanler, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Ciift, Cornell, Dixon, Dockery,
Donuelly, Driggs, Eggleston. Eldridge, Farnsworth,
Fox, Garfield, Glossbrenner, Gove, Gravely,Griswold,
Grover, Halscy, Hamilton, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Humphrey, Judd, Kelley, ICeteham, Knott, Lash,
Loughridg-e, Lynch, Marsha 11, McCarthy, McCul-
iough, Morrissey, Nev?(iomb, Paine, Pike, PUq, Pom-
eroy, Raum, Ross, Shellabarger, Spalding, Syphcr,
Taylor, Thomas, Tift, Lawience S. Trimble, Upson,
Robert T.Van H^rn, Van Wyck,Vid.il,Ward, lilihu
B. Washburno, Whittemore, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—'73.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. KERR. I would like to offer an amend-
ment to the second section of the bill, to which
J think the chairman of the committee [Mr.
Cook] will not object. It is as follows:
Insert after the word "aforesaid" in section two
the words "and in accordance with the require-
ments '^f the resolution of the General Assembly of
the State aforesaid;" so that the section will read
as follows:
That^aid bridge when completed in the manner
specified in said resolution, and in the place and in
accordance with the plans of tho board of engineers
to be appointed in conformity to the resolution
aforesaid, and in accordance with the requirements
of the resolution of the General Assembly of the
State aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be a
legal structure, and shall, with the railroad of which
it is to be a part, be a post road for the transmission
of the mails of the United States.
Mi\ COOK. I have no objection to the
adoption of that amendment if it is thought
necessary.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Cook,] who is entitled to the floor,
aliows the amendment to be offered, and it will
be regarded as pending.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. Let me
suggest to the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Ksi ] to inodii'y his amendment so as to say
"in accordance with the requirements of the
second section of the resolution," &c. That
second section requires that the bridge shall
not be a material obstruction to the navigation
of the river.
Mr. KERB. The legal effect of the amend-
ment will, in my judgment, be precisely the
same in its present form as if it were modified
in accordance with thegentleman'ssugeestion,
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I think
not. And at any rate, why not place the mat-
ter beyond doubt? ^understand that the
chairman of the committee is willing to con-
cede the right of those interested in the navi-
gation of that river to have it secured against
any substantial obstruction.
Mr. KERR. I shall have no objection to
modifying the amendment in the manner the
gentleman suggests.
Mr. COOK.. I do not object to the pro-
posed modification.
Mr. KERR. I modify the amendment by
inserting before "resolution" the words
"second section of the."
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I do not wish to
make any technical objections to this amend-
ment. But this bill, as reported unanimously
by tlie committee, requires that the bridge shall
be so constructed as not to cause any substan-
tial interference with the navigation. This, as
all the committee agree, is the effect of the
measure. Now, the amendment as originally
proposed by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerb] was simply a repetition of the same
idea; and I had no objection to the amend-
ment in that form. But if the amendment be
adopted with the modification proposed by my
colleague, [Mr. Hubbard, of Connecticut,] it
will raise a question in regard to this whole
matter, and we shall be just where we were
when we began this investigation. The bill in
the form reported avoids any such difficulty,
and so does the amendment originally proposed
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerb;]
but the amendment in its modified form will in
my opinion leave the question in doubt.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. Mr.
Speaker 
Mr. COOK. I cannot yield further. I call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment of Mr. Kerr, as
modified, was adopted.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
gold and silver mining company.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (II. R. No. 1801) to in-
corporatethe National Gold and Silver Mining
Company of Washington, District of Colum-
bia j which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Mines and
Mining.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
another bridge across thu connechcur
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Roads and Canals, reported a bill (H. R.
No. 1862) to establish a certain post road in
the State of Connecticut; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill provides i'ov the erection of a draw-
bridge over the Connecticut river by the Shore-
Line Railroad Company, in accordance with
tlie terms of tlie resolution of the General As-
sembly of Connecticut of May. 1888.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut,. I desire
to move the same amendment in this case
which was adopted on the motion of the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] to the pre-
ceding bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I yield for that
purpose.
Mr, HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I wish
to add that between my friend ob the other
side [Mr. Starkweather] and myself there is
no difference as to the propriety of this amend-
ment.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I think the
amendment will leave the bill precisely as it
was.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I understand the
amendment is substantially the same one.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connectient. I move
the same amendment, substantially and liter-
ally, that was adopted to the preceding bill.
i'he amendment was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
railroad from washington to new york.
Mr. COOK, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported back House bill No. Oil,
to authorize the building of a military and
postal railway from Washington, District of
Columbia, to the city of New York, with sun-
dry amendments.
Mr. KERR. I should like to know what
course the gentleman from Illinois proposes to
pursue in reference to this bill.
Mr. COOK. I do not propose to call the
previous question to-day, but to give an oppor-
tunity to the opponents of the bill to be heard.
The amendments of the committee were read,
as follows :
First amendment:
Strike out "national" wherever it occurs and
insert " Now York and Washington sothatitwiil
read: "New York and Washington Railway Com-
pany."
Second amendment:
Striko out tho first section of the bill, and in lieu
thereof insert the following:
That John McManus, "W. McEvoy, James Duffey,
James Andrews, William B. Willcy, James D. Cam-
eron, of Pennsylvania: William T. Walters, of Ma-
ryland; H  S. McComb, of 3>claware; ErostusCoro-
ing, H. H. Baxter, 1L W. Chittenden, George W.
Quintard, Alexander S  Diven, William "F, Drake,
lloswell Jiarf, J3. M. Madden, Darid Dow?, Charles
W. Dtu-ant. George K. Otis, D. W. C. Wheeler, H. W.
Grav, Elias W. Leavenworth, Azariah Boodv. Aus-
tin Myers, and F.H. Tows, of New York; J.C.Potts,
C. B. Gutfn ic, Calvin Goddard, and R. M. Honmngr,
of New Jersey; Henry Earnham, of Connecticut;
John S. Eldridsre, George a.Barstow, William Schu-
lcr,arid R. M.Pomeroy, of Massachusetts; B.B.Phil-
lip* and John F. Tracey, of Illinois: Rush R.Sloan
and William Baker, of Ohio ; Helmer H, Emmons,
of Michigan; S. J. Bowen and J. H. I/athrop, of the
District of Columbia; John J. Mitchell, of Missouri,
together with such persons as may become asso-
ciated with them for that purpose, together with
th eir successors, are hereby created and erected into
a body corporate and politic, in deed and in law,by
the name and title of the New York and Washing-
ton Railway Company, and by that nameshail have
perpetual succession, and shall be able to sue and be
sued, to plead and be impleaded, to defend and be
defended in all courts of law or equity within the
United States, and may make and use a common
seal, and may adopt by-laws for its regulation and
government. Said corporation shall also have power
to exccute mortgages and deeds of trust upon its
property and franchises, real and personal, and to
borrow money and negotiate loans upon their bonds
or other securities.
Third amendment:
In the sixth section strike out" sevon" and insert
"six;" strike out " fourteen" and insert "twelve;"
insert "but the through faro between said cities shall
not exceed six dollars;" and add to the end of the
section these words.: "And tho said company shall
transport the mails of the United States over their
said road at a rate to be fixed by the Postmaster
General, not exceeding $200 per mile;" so thattke
section will read as follows;
Sec, 6. And be it further exacted, That th© gauge of
