1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
imi
ing that there is a surplus of engineer officers.
Why, sir, if we had passed the river and harbor
bill we had before us the other day as we had
finally amended it, I think we should have been
compelled to add a very considerable number
in addition to the present engineer corps of the
Army in order to make the surveys authorized
by that bill. I suppose there is no surplus in
that corps and probably no surplus .in the ord-
nance corps.
Mr. MORTON. It seems to me the explana-
tion made by the Senator from Iowa makes this
section more objectionable than it was before;
and I wish to speak of it now, in connection
with a part of the amendment offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts yesterday. His
explanation is that into the engineer and ord-
nance departments promotions are made from
the graduates of West Point; but these other
departments are made up, not of graduates of
West Point, but of persons appointed from
civil life.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not state what the Sen-
ator attributes to me. I said that those officers
in other corps were appointed from civil life
and from the Army. And I say now, in reply
to the statement of the Senator, that three
fourths of them are appointed from the regular
Army into those staff corps. There is not an
officer in the inspector's department, there is
not more than one I think in the adjutant
general's department, hardly any in the com-
missary department, and very few in the quarter-
master's department who have been appointed
from civil life; so that that portion of the argu-
ment which is addressed to the populace seems
to rather fall to the ground.
Mr. MORTON. I simply make the state-
ment as I understood the Senator to make it.
He now explains that a considerable portion
of the appointments ; especially in the inspect-
or's department, he says, are made from the
regular Army; but he knows, and I know,
that so far as the quartermaster's department
and the commissary department are concerned,
and, in fact, in the other departments, a con-
siderable proportion of them are from the vol-
unteer service appointed from civil life.
Mr. GRIMES. There is not anybody in the
inspector's corps, only one in the adjutant
general's corps, and not more than one or two
in the commissary corps taken from civil life.
Mr. MORTON. I call attention to a por-
tion of the amendment offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts, which was adopted and
which escaped my attention yesterday :
" That all officers rendered supernumerary by the
provisions of this act shall be assigned to vacancies
which may occur in their respective grades; and no
appointments other than the graduates of the Mili-
tary Academy shall bo made to fill vacancies in any
grade until all such supernumerary officers of that
grade shall have been so assigned."
Now, Mr. President, if I had had my atten-
tion called to that section before it was passed
I certainly should have objected to it. I am
not in favor of slamming the door abso-
lutely in the face of every man from the vol-
unteer service. There are men who are not
now in the Army, but who have rendered dis-
tinguished service during the war, young men,
some of them I have a knowledge of, who are
eminently qualified, who are brave and bril-
liant soldiers, who if there should be a chance
presented should be in some way recognized.
There are men who have served with great
distinction during the late war; and if from
time to time an occasion should occur when
an officer of that kind can be recognized it
ought to be done,at least there ought to be no
provision of law that will prevent the Govern-
ment from doingit.
But, sir, the section which I have moved to
strike oat seems to me to be in every respect
improper. As I said before, promotion is the
great stimulus to service ; it is the great stim-
ulus to the performance of duty, and as the
Army has not been reduced and may not be
reduced for the next five years, and the bill al-
lows the President to refuse to reduce it at all
until he sees proper, there can be no propriety,
it seems to me, in cutting off all promotion in
these departments. Promotion is left free in
other departments. The President may make
brigadiers out of colonels; he may make major
generalsout of brigadier generals. Promotion
in all the higher grades of the Army is left free,
but in these lower departments it is utterly cut
off by this bill; and promotion is just as dear,
to subordinate officers as it is to those of higher
rank.
Mr. WILSON. The opposition to thatamend-
ment made by the Senator from Indiana is no
new thing here. Nearly two years ago an effort
was made to prevent appointments in the Army
because we had to reduce the force. We were
under the necessity, of course, of stopping ap-
pointments, and we passed a bill to that effect;
and it met this stern opposition and this talk
about volunteer officers. We do not want any
additional volunteer officers, and we do not
need any more West Point officers, and I am
willing to strike the whole of them out; but we
want to stop appointments in the Army. We
should have had one hundred or one hundred
and fifty lessefficers to support in the Army,
whom we do not need, if our bill had passed a
year and a half ago. We have got to-day at
least six hundred more officers than we need;
and the question is how to get them out of the
Army without doing injustice to them. The
first thing is to stop appointments. We tried
to do it. Then we held back, and I have now
in my desk here a great number of nominations
that have been held back all this session be-
cause we do not need more officers. The nom-
inees are good men, first-rate men. It is a
hard thing to have the President sending here
the names of young men for appointments in
the Army when we do not need them, and
then have them come around us and beg to be
confirmed and impose upon us the unpleasant
task of refusing to do it; but until we decide
that we shall make no more appointments we
shall be afflicted in this way. If we want to
reduce the officers of the Army the first thing
to be done is to stop appointments.
The exception with regard to West Point
graduates was made on this ground : we shall
graduate forty, perhaps fifty, young men at
West Point in a few months. We have edu-
cated those men Tor a specialty, for the Army ;
and if we say none of them shall be appointed
they are out entirely and cannot be appointed.
When we reorganized the Army after the war
we provided that half the officers should be
appointed in these regiments from the men who
had served in the volunteer forces. We have
been just and generous to the volunteers. I
would as soon have a volunteer as a man who
comes from any other quarter. Wre required
that a man should have been in the service to
be appointed. We cut off all the men who had
been educated at colleges, or wherever they
were educated in the country; we said "No
person shall be appointed into this Army unless
he shall have served so long in the war.'' There
never was a law framed in this country or in
any other in the interest of volunteers who
had served their country equal to that. We
said to all the young men of the country, "No
matter how well educated you are, no matter
how well you understand military science, no
matter how much you may desire to go into
the Army, unless you have served two years in
the war you shall not have a commission."
That is the law of 1866. Volunteer officers
were appointed and filled up the Army. Now,
our Armj' has been reduced more than one third
already. We have cut the Army down from
fifty-six to thirty-seven thousand, and we pro-
pose to cut it down to thirty one thousand;
and the House proposed in the bill as they
sent it to us to cut it down to twenty-four or
twenty-five thousand. There is no doubt that
that is too great a reduction for the present, at
any rate. Perhaps it may be done a year hence.
The size of the Army depends on the condition
of the country and the needs of the public ser-
vice; and you must change it from time to time,
reduce it or increase it, according to the wauts
of the country.
Therefore we have got too large a number of
officers on hand. We want to get rid of them.
It was proposed by one Senator, I do not know
whether he made the motion or not but he has
an amendment to that effect, to offer officers of
the Army a year's pay to induce them to resign
from the Army. 1 wish that seven hundred of
the officers of the Army would to-day resign.-
This exception was puk in simply in regard to
the West Point graduates, and if the Senator
desires to strike that, out I have not the slightest
objection in the world, but I do insist upon it
that this Congress shall put its foot down and
say that we will have no more appointments in
the Army. The exception was made with
regard to the class at West Point who are to
graduate this year; We have educated them
specially for the Army, and it seemed to be a
strange proceeding to throw out the very men
we had educated for this special service. I am
willing, however, that they shall go, if the
Senate so decides.
The Senator says that the higher branches
are not touched. By our amendment we pro-
pose to cut the brigadier generals down to
eight; that is, we strike off two brigadier gen-
erals of the Army. Of course their places can-
not be filled. I have no objection to cutting
them down to a lower number if it is thought
necessary. We strike off by this bill, if the
President carries it out—and I have no doubt
he will, and will do it in the next three'or four
months—fifteen colonels, fifteen lieutenant
colonels, and fifteen majors; forty-five of the
high officers. We consolidate the forty-five
regiments of infantry into thirty regiments.
Of course these officers have got to go out in
some way, for we must reduce the number of
officers in the Army in some form.
Now, if the Senator desires to strike out this
exception in favor of those who are appointed
from West Point I will not object, for I take it
this bill will not last over a year. The excep-
tion only applies to the class about to graduate.
We have got to reorganize and reconstruct and
reduce the Army, and the number of officers
must be reduced and brought down to a peace
establishment, and that can be done, especially
if our Indian wars disappear, and we hope they
will, for we understand that there is to be a
new policy in regard to the Indians; and we
are all looking for peace and education and
civilization of the Indians under the new policy
that is soon to be put in operation. Then we
may not need an Army of even thirty thousand,
and may be able to bring it down to twenty
thousand. But I do not think there ought to
be any more appointments in the staff depart-
ment of the Army, for we have too many there
already. I think it would be better not to make
promotions, but let the whole thing stand at
present until we get the Army worked down
lower and get out of it what officers we can, and
then we can provide for the future. If the Sen-
ator desires to strike out the exception in favor
of those at West Point in the amendment which
has been adopted in committee, I have not the
slightest objection in the world to his making
that motion when the bill comes into the Senate
and the question arises on concurring in that
amendment.
Mr. MORTON, I do not desire to argue
this question. I can only state that while it
may be important to reduce the officers in the
Army I am opposed to a declaration by law
which will prevent the President from recog-
nizing the services of any soldier, no matter
what may be his merits, unless he is a gradu-
ate of West Point. This absolutely forbids
any appointments "hereafter except of gradu-
ates of West Point. I do not want to say so
by law, and will not by my vote. The ques-
tion of the reductionof the Army has nothing
to do with that principle.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of
the Senator what he proposes to do with the
next class of graduates at West Point? I un-
derstand the Senator to be in favor of reduc-
ing the Army, but he wants it applied to sol-
diers who are appointed from civil life as well
as to graduates of West Point. Now, what
does he propose to do with them ?
