THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS,
February 25j
r Mi. MORTON« So far as they are concerned
fpresutne they will be taken care of in the
33me way. They wiH have some kind of em-
ployment, anxl I have no doubt they will be
provided for.
Mr. GRIMES. But their term at the Acad-
emy will expire next June, and if they are not
promoted into the Army we" shall lose their
services in the future. Now, what does the
Senator propose to do with them ?
Mr, MORTON. This has nothing to do
with their rights. It does not give to them a
sew right of promotion, but it simply cuts off
the right of everybody else. That is a very
different thing. It is a declaration by law that
nobody shall hereafter be appointed in the
Army except a graduate of West Point. That
is the -whole of it.
„ ilr. GRIMES. The Senator professes great
desire for economy. He is in favor of reduc-
ing the Army; he has urged arguments in favor
«f reducing the Army; and yet he insists that
persons in civil life shall be appointed in it.
His argument would be very good if you wanted
to increase the Army ; but you do not want to
increase the Army. Everybody is anxious to
reduce it. Here are thirty young men on whom
we have expended $10,000 apiece in prepar-
ing them for service to be rendered the public
in their future life as military men. Is it wise,
I- ask the Senator from Indiana, to say that
we shall dispense in all future time with their
services; that we shall not avail ourselves of
their education, but will turn them loose, as
v/ill be done if you do not admit them into the
Army? Have you any right to insist upon it
that they shall simply remain cadets with a
compensation of $500 a year after they shall
have completed their education in a sort of
chrysalis state between promotion and cadet-
ship. I am as much in favor of economy as
the Senator; I want to reduce the Army; but
1 want the country to avail itself of the services
of those young men whom we have educated,
and I do not know of any way to do it except
by appointing them to the Army as they shall
graduate
Mr. MORTON. The Senator s'ays that I
make great professions of economy. Ibegthe
Senator's pardon ; I do not make any profes-
sions of the kind. I hope I shall practice
economy, and that my votes in this body will
show that I am in favor of retrenchment and
reform j but I certainly have made no great
professions on that subject. He inquires what
we shall do with these graduates of West Point
if they are not to be appointed in the Army.
This section does not confer any right of ap-
pointment on them. They have got that now.
This is notintendedtoconferarightof appoint-
ment as to them that does not already exist.
Mr. GRIMES. Where does it exist?
Mr. MORI ON. But this section gives them
the right of appointment over everybody else ;
it makes an exception as to West Point"; that
is it. That is a very different thing.
Mr. GRIMES. I would inquire of the Sen-
ator if it was not for that exception, if the sec-
tion should stand without the exception, could
any West Point cadets be appointed?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly it would then cut
off everybody. Therefore the section in itself
is not necessary. It does not give any new
right to appoint West Point men; that right
exists now ; but it cuts off the -right, of every-
body else, and that is what I am opposed to.
Even if there should be no men appointed from
civil life, if there should be none of the volun-
teer officers orsoldiers of the late Army recog-
nized, still the right of the President to recog-
nize the services of those who have greatly
distinguished themselves should be allowed to
exist.
I say the thing is wrong in its principle, but,
as to the other section, the one I have moved
to strike out, it contains two provisions ; the
first is that there shallbeno new appointments;
the second ig that there shall be no further
promotions. Promotions do not increase the
number of officers, but give the right to ap-
point one of a lower grade to a higher grade
where there is a vacancy or where an officer is
entitled to it on account of distinguished ser-
vices ; and I say that the right of promotion
and the hope of promotion is the great stim-
ulus to the successful performance of duty. I
think that that provision would be essentially
impolitic and unwise if adopted, and it has not
anything at all to do- with the question of
reducing the Army. It takes away the right
of promotion as to all of these subordinate
officers.
Mr. SPPoAGUE. Promotions give pay; and
in tide of peace it is not honor that the officer
seeks in promotion; it is the pay. The point
urged by the Senator from Massachusetts is
correct in this, that he does reduce the ex-
penses of the Army in retaining the pay as it
exists now. As to the appointment of civil-
ians in the Army, those who come to me urg-
ing influence for appointments in the Army
are invariably discouraged. I would confine
the appointments to the Army to men from
the military school, because I believe that in
time of peace it is no place for   useful, ener-
getic, and enterprising American citizen. His
i place is in the workshop or in the field; his
[ place is in and among the enterprises which lay
I open to an American citizen beyond the citi-
zen of any other country in the world; and
promotions here simply increase the expendi-
ture of this Government and the taxes of the
people, when the service of those whom you
propose to promote is of no greater value when
they are promoted than before the promotion
takes place.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Senator
from Indiana.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the bill
by inserting after line one hundred and eighty-
three :
For surveys for military defenses, $200,000.
I will simply say that the estimates were for
that amount. I haye here a letter from the
Secretary of War, and one from the General-
in-Chief of the Army, urging very strongly that
| we shall make this appropriation. I will have
them read if it is necessary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. They had better
be read, as the proposition is to increase the
appropriation.
Mr. WILSON. Let General Humphrey's
letter first be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Hiiadqu iktens Corps of Engineers,
Washington, D. 0., January 19,1869.
Gb.nlbal: In the regular annual estimates submit-
ted by me for the operations of the corps of engineers
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1870, there is an
item for militaiy surveys, $200,000, that has been
placed in the river and harbor bill, but which ought
to bo in the Army bill, since it is for the regular ex-
penditures of the corps in connection with military
operations and defensive purposes.
From the appropriations made under this head are
carried on all the rcconnoissanccs, explorations, and
surveys m connection with the military operations
and the establishment and maintenance of the mil-
and alt fhe surveys, such as we are now making on
the Pacific trontier, required for the preparation and
execution of plans for sea-coast defenses.
The appropriations heretofore made for military
surveys will be exhausted in two months time, not-
withstanding the effoitsmade to economize strictly
in all the operations.
The appropriation asked for i3 necessary to carry
on the engineering part of the regular military
duties rctorred 10, and I beg leave to request that
the item named may be transferred to the Army bill
from the river and harbor bill, and the appropria-
tion urged as an essential Army expenditure.
I beg leave further to suggest that provision be
made 111 connection with this item for the prepara-
tion and publication of the results of these surveys,
under the direction of the Secretary of War, the ex-
pense to be borne from any balance of appropria-
tion lor the War Department that may not be re-
quired for other purposes.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
_ . „ , A.A.HUMPHREYS,
-it ■ °J J^ngintert, Commanding.
Jlajor (reneral J. M. Schofielb,
Secretary of War.
War Department, January 22,1869.
The Secretary of War has the honor to submit to
the Senate of the United States the accompanying
communication from the chief of engineers, asking
i that the item of $200,000 For military surveys, esti-
mated for in the annual estimates of the engineer
department of the Army for the next fiscal year,
be transferred from the river and harbor appropri-
ation bill, in which it has been put by Congress, to
the Army appropriation bill, it being required for
military purposes.
J. M. SCHOFIELD,
Secretary of War.
• The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move the following amend-
ment, to come in after line one hundred and
eighty-three:
And the Secretary of War is hereby authorised
to have prepared and published the report of the
results ox the exploring expedition and survey of
the line of the fortieth parallel: Provided* That the
cost of the same shall be defrayed out of existing
appropriations in the War Department: And pro-
vided further, That the letter-press work shall be done
at the Public Printing Office.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is that covered
by the letter ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, or some
gentleman who has looked at this work, to tell
us what is the object of surveying the fortieth
parallel any more than the forty-ninth or forty-
third? What are the national consequences
of it? What is the consequence in point of
policy connected with the Army?
Mr. WILSON. I call for the reading of the
letter of the General-in-Chief of the Army.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Headquarters Army of the United States,
Washington, D. C., January 186&
Sir: Understanding that your committee have
struck out of tho appropriations for river and har-
bor improvements the sum of 8100,000, I take the
liberty to express to you the opinion that it would be
of great public advantage to have that amount re-
stored, and the total sum of $200,000 transferred from
that appropriation to an appropriation for military
surveys, &e.
A work of vast importance to the mining interest
of the country has progressed from the Pacific coast
eastward to the east end of Salt Lake, taking in a
belt of country one hundred or more miles in width
along the line of the Pacific railroad. The appro-
priation here asked for is necessary 10 complete this
work to the plains east of the Kocky mountains.
When done, and published for the information of the
public, the miner and the agriculturalist will have
complete information of the resources of the country
described agriculturally and mineralogically. In mil-
itary operations, should any be necessary, the in-
formation will be of vast importance.
I would add to this recommendation the further
recommendation that authority be given to the Sec-
retary of War to publish the results of these surveys,
whep completed, and to pay expenses of the same
from any unexpended appropriations under his con-
trol.
I have the honor to be, with great respect, your
obedient servant,
U. S. GRANT, General.
Chairman Committee on Appropriations,
Home of Itepresentatives.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I wish to offer an amend-
ment as an additional section.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Before that mo-
tion is put, as we have but ten minutes left, I
move that the order for a recess be suspended,
and I will renew it again if necessary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, fhe Sena-
tor from Maine moves that the order relating
to a recess at four o'clock be postponed until
the conclusion of this bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope we shall finish
something. This bill will be finished in a little
while if Senators will consent to stay. It will
not take long. Of course we can adjourn at
any time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. We stay here until
about half after ten at night. We ought to
have sorafi little time for rest.
The question being put, it was declared that
the motion appeared to be agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. What is the motion?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theraotion
agreed to was that the time for taking a recess,
fixed for four o'clock to-day, be suspended
until the Senate reach a determination of this
subject.
Mr. HOWE. That is not agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That may be a very
indefinite period. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts intends to renew his amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. ] -want to finish
this bill to-night. ; , . .
