8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.February 3,
fi
tlemea in Washington, whose business it is to
hang around these Halls and make something
for themselves by getting something for the
Indians, and agreed to give those claim agents
One quarter of what they could get from Con-
gress. But, sir, they did not get anything.
The House, which ia much more sensitive
than the Senate in reference to these large
expenditures, refused to grant the claim, and
nothing was obtained. Then, in order to avoid
the House, they got a few commissioners ap-
pointed, partly by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior and partly by the Choctaw Indians, and
an agreement was entered into, all managed
by these claim agents, by which it was agreed
that the Senate should have exclusive legisla-
tion in reference to this particular claim. The
House was to be left out entirely, and so far
as this claim was concerned was to be con-
sidered as no part of Congress at all. The
whole matter was to be left to the Senate as
arbitrators between two contending Powers.
After three years more the Senate passed a
resolution not to decide this matter, but to
leave it to the Secretary of the Interior, who
ot up the commissioners iu the first place,
le made out bis report and further action was
prevented by the breaking out of the rebellion.
After the close of the war the Secretary ap-
pointed a few more commissioners and got the
Indians to send commissioners to meet them,
the matterall the time, as I suppose, being under
the control of these claim agents ; and these
commissioners agreed that the sin of rebellion
should be wiped out, and that all the obliga-
tions on the part of the Government should
remain as before. This is a brief history of
the case. In order to show that there exists
no obligation on our part to pay under the
treaty of 18i>3, the resolution of the Senate of
1859, the treaty of 1866, which reinstated the
claim of these Indians to what it was prior to
the war, 1 should have to refer specially to
those different points, and I do not propose at
this time to go into any general discussion of
the subject. In the beginning there was no
foundation for the claim, and 1 do not see how
anything that has since transpired in either
House of Congress has changed its character.
I now make the point of order that the amend-
ment is not in order, as it provides for new
and independent legislalion.
The CHAIRMAN. The discussion has not
thrown much light upon the point of order.
The pending bill makes appropriations for the
purpose of fulfilling treaty stipulations with
the various tribes of Indians for the fiscal year
ending the 80th of June, 1870. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Minnesota does
not make any appropriation at all, and there-
fore is not embraced within the title of this
bill. In the first place it is not germane,
and in the second place it is not admissible,
because it provides for independent legisla-
tion.
Mr. WINDOM. T move the amendment
which 1 send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the bill the following section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That in order to
curry into effect the eloventh and twelfth articles
of tlio treaty between the United States of America
and the Choctaw and Chickasaw tribes of Indians,
confirmed by the Senate on the 21stdnyof February,
A. D. 1856, and the resolution of tho United States
Senate in pursuance thereof, passed on the 9th day
of March, 1859. as finally adjusted by the report of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, made to the Sonate
on tho 19th of June, A.D. 1860, and lie tenth arti-
cle of the treaty between the United States andthe
said Indians, approved by the Senate of the United
States on tho 28th day of June, A. D. 1866, and pro-
ejaimed July 10, A. D. 1866, the Secretary of the
Treasury is horeby authorized and directed to pay
to the proper authorities of the Choctaw nation or
tnbe the suin of SI,882,460 85.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I raise the point of order
that this is independent legislation.
Mr. WINDOM. There is no legislation in
it. It is merely to carry out treaty stipulations
expressly provided for.
Mr. FAR NS WORTH. According to the
reading of the amendment it is not to carry
out treaty stipulations, but to carry out the
provisions of a report of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, that has not yet got the force
of law.
Mr. WINDOM. There is no such thing in
it. The gentleman is drawing on his imagin-
ation as badly as the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. S«ofield.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman from Min-
nesota has a little imagination in the report, I
thiuk, as nobody knows anything about it but
himself.
Mr. WINDOM. Waive your point of order
till I can discuss it.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I would like to know
when you got permission froui any committee
to make that report?
Mr. WINDOM. I got it when you were
present. Withdraw your point of order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. We have discussed it all
we need to.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. WINDOM. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is clearly of
opinion that the amendment is in conflict with
the one hundred and twentieth rule. It is im-
possible for the Chair to tell from the face of
the amendment whether it is to carry out a iaw
of the United States, or a treaty, or for some
other purpose. The amendment states that
the treaty is to be carried out in pursuance of
a resolution passed by the Senate, but as finally
adjusted by the report of the Committee on
Indian Affairs made to the Senate on the 19th
of June, 180(5, and the tenth article of the
treaty, <fec.
Mr. WINDOM. Allow me to say that this
simply describes what treaty it is to he carried
out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not in-
formed as to that; but certainly the amend-
ment refers to an adjustment of that question
according to a report of the Committee on
Indian Affairsin the Senate; and that, in order
to give it force, must have the nature of a law.
It therefore is independent legislation.
The question being put on sustaining the
decision of the Chair, it was sustained—ayes
94, noes 14.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move to amend
by adding the following as an additional sec-
tion :
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That whenever
that portion of the public domain of tho United
States included within tho limits of Indian reserva-
tions shall be disincumbered of Indian title, tho
same shall be dono by the authority of Congress.
Mr. WINDOM. I raise the point of order
that this is new legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is it proper to appeal to
the gentleman to let in so just a measure?
Mr. WINDOM. I think it is not necessary
to have any additional amendments. I object
to the gentleman drawing upon his imagina-
tion unless he will permit me to answer him.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I propose to
amend the bill on page 2, after line eighteen,
by inserting the proviso which I send to the
Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. That part of the bill is
passed.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask unani-
mous consent to offer the amendment, I
believe it is a necessary one. •
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection?
Mr. WINDOM. 1 object.
Mr. MAYNARD. Would it be in order
now to move to lay aside this bill, to be re-
ported to the House, and take up the tariff
bill?
The CHAIRMAN. It would be in order to
move to lay aside this bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the tariff bill be the
next business in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The legislative appro-
priation bill is next.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will not make the
motion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts^ I move
now to lay aside the Indian appropriation bill,
to be reported to the House. After that is
done I have another motion to make.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it in order now to move
to take up the tariff bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair recognizes
the gentleman from Massachusetts as entitled
to the floor.
yancton sioux indians.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
move that the Committee of the Whole pro-
ceed to the- consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1853) making appropriations in part for
the expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the bill by striking out " War Depart-
ment" and inserting " Governor and acting
superintendent of Indian affairs of Dakota
Territory so that'it will read :
That the following sum be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the purpose hereinafter
exnressed:
For the relief of the Yaneton Sioux tribe of Indians
in Dakota Territory, in fulfilling treatystipulatione,
where the money has been misappropriated, to be
expended under the direction of the Governor and
acting superintendent of Indian affairs of Dakota
Territorj', and to be considered as an offset against
any claim these Indians may have against the Gov-
ernment for services during the late war, 410,000.
I will state to the committee why we have
reported this bill. The Yaneton Sioux Indians
had some money appropriated for them, but it
was misappropriated, and they are now in a
state of starvation. We desire to send this
money to them at the earliest possible time.
In the mean time this same tribe of Yaneton
Sioux have a claim against the Government for
aid furnished the Government during the war,
which they are prosecuting here before Con-
gress. Without making any appropriation to
meet that claim we have appropriated so much
to keep them from starving, and we propose to
provide that whatever claim they get allowed
this shall be an offset pro ianto for that claim.
The bill is unanimously reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and I can see no
objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to strike out the
words "considered as an offset against" and
to insert the words "in full satisfaction of
so that the clause will read :
For the relief of the Yaneton Sioux tribe of In-
dians in Dakota Territory, in fulfilling treaty stipu-
lations, where the money has been misappronriated,
to bo expended under the direction of the War De-
partment, and to be in full satisfaction of any claim
these Indians may have against the Government for
services during the late war, $10,000.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Suppose that upon a full
investigation it is found by the committee that
instead of owing these friendly Indians $10,000
for services rendered, the Government owes
them 525,000 for services rendered in defend-
ingits frontier, would the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania take advantage of their starving con-
dition and necessities and require them to
receipt in full for $25,000 for the sake of sav-
ing their wives and little ones from starvation?
I think, if he will take a humane and just view
of the matter, he will not insist upon such an
amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman asks me
for an opinion upon a supposed case. One of
the first things I learned when I was admitted
to practice law was never to give an opinion
to my clients on supposed cases; let them state
their own cases. I offered this amendment
with a view of having somebody state this case
if they had any ease to state. Now, if the gen-
tleman from Dakota will state the case—and
it is a fair case—to which this ought not to
apply I will withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I will send to the Clerk's
desk and ask to have read a correct copy of
the order of General Sully for the mustering
in of these Indians.
