THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2$,
' The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The com-
mittee will be discharged.
MARY A, FILLER.
Mr. HQWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 425.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 425) for the relief
o£ Mary A. Filler. The preamble recites that
Sergeant Henry Drenning, late of company K,
fifty-fifth regiment of Pennsylvania volunteers,
was killed at Cold HarBor, in Virginia, on the
,3d of June, 1864, leaving no widow nor heirs
lineal or collateral; but he was the adopted
and foster son from childhood of Mrs. Mary
A. Filler. The bill therefore provides that
she shall be entitled to receive the back pay
due to him at the time of his death, and the
^ bounty to which he would have been entitled
by law, and in these and all other respects shall
have the same rights and benefits as if she
were his natural and lawful mother.
The Committee on Claims reported an amend-
ment to the bill, to strike out after the word
"law," in line six, the words "and in these
and all other respects shall have the same rights
and benefits as if she were the natural and
lawful mother of said Henry Drenning."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
GEORGE KAISER.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1367.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1367) for the relief of George Kaiser
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
George Kaiser the sum of $181 SO for labor
and material furnished in building a hospital
at Parkersburg, West Virginia, in 1861.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ISAAC WATTS.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1128.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1128) for the
relief of Isaac Watts. Tt directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury and pay
department to pay to Isaac Watts all arrears
of pay, bounty, or other allowances due from
the United States to his adopted son, Samuel
Watts, late a private of company H, eighty-
first regiment infantry, Ohio volunteers, the
same in all respects as if he had been the son
of Isaac Watts.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
N. A. SHUTTLEWORTH.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 284.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as iu Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 284) for the relief
of N. A. Shuttleworth, of Harrison county,
West Virginia. The bill directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to N. A. Shuttleworth,
of Harrison county, West Virginia, late cap-
tain in third regiment Virginia volunteers, the
sum of $550 65, to reimburse him for the same
amount paid by him for the transportation of
recruits in 1861.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ANTHONY BOCIIER.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1326.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1326) for the re-
lief of Anthony Bucher. It authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to investigate and,
if in his opinion it shall appear proper, issue
to Anthony Bucher a Treasury note for fifty
dollars, to supply such a note as shall appear
to have been destroyed by fire (and belonging
to him) in the summer of 1867.
Mr. HOWE. That bill has passed the House;
but the Committee on Claims of the Senate
reported adversely upon it. I shall move that
it be indefinitely postponed ; but I do not know
but that it would be fair that the report should
be read, that the reasons of the committee
for disagreeing with the House should be made
known to the Senate. There may be some
question about the propriety of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do not read the report
unless somebody calls for it.
Mr. HOWE. Well, I move that the bill be
indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
H. G. AtJKENY.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1130.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1130) for the relief of H. G. Aukeny,
late captain fourth Iowa infantry, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to instruct the Secretary of War to reim-
burse to H. G. Aukeny, late captain fourth
Iowa infantry, the sum of $299 50 out of any
appropriation made or hereafter to be made
for the recruiting service of the United States
Army.
Mr. HOWE. I make the same motion in
regard to that bill, that it be indefinitely
postponed.
Mr. HARLAN. I would rather it should go
over until I can look at it.
Mr. HOWE. I have no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be passed over if there be no objection.
CHAMPE CARTER, JR.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1255.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1255) for the re-
lief of Champe Carter, jr. It directs the Com-
missioner of the Bureau of Refugees, Freed-
men, and Abandoned Lands to pay to Champe
Carter, jr., late sub-assistant commissioner of
the bureau for the counties of Robertson and
Milam, in the State of Texas, the sum $526 50,
being the amount due to him for services as
sub-assistant commissioner from the 17th of
March, in the year 1866, to the 29 th of August,
1866.
Mr. HOWE. I make the same motion in
regard to this bill; and I will state the case in
one word. This claimant was appointed a sub-
assistant commissioner of freedmen in Texas,
and served two months. It turned out that he
had been an officer in the rebel army, and the
officers of the bureau refused, as they were
obliged to refuse, to pay him for his services,
because there was no authority of law for pay-
ing him. The case shows that he did his duty
well; and the chief of the bureau, General
Howard, certifies that he would have paid him
if he had had authority; but the committee did
not feel authorized to recommend the payment
to the Senate. I therefore move the indefinite
postponement of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
GEORGE W. ASHBURN.
Mr. HOWE. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 36.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 36)
for the relief of George W. Ashburn. The
preamble recites that George W. Ashburn
seized certain property belonging to F. Stewart,
in the State of Tennessee, which property was
being used by the southern confederacy ; that
the property was afterward confiscated by the
district court of the State of Tennessee, under
the provisions of the act of Congress of August
6, 1C61, and was by the order of the court sold
and the proceeds placed in the Treasury of the
United States, including the portion that be-
longed to Ashburn, under the provisions of the
act, which amount still remains in the Treas-
ury. The joint resolution therefore directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to George W.
Ashburn the sum of $3,838 37, the amount
belonging to him under the act according to
the decree of the district court.
Mr. HOWE. I move the indefinite post-
ponement of the joint resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
S. AND II. SAYLES.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 957.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 957) for the relief ofS. and H. Sayles,
was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
direct the Secretary of War to pay the sum of
$88,688 15 to S. and H. Sayles, of Killingly,
Connecticut, in full satisfaction and discharge
of all claims and demands whatsoever upon the
Government of the United States arising out
of a contract made by them in the month of
March, 1865, to furnish clothing .for the Army
of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. COLE. I have many doubts about the
propriety of the passage of this bill. It arises
out of a contract in the quartermaster's de-
partment ; and, as I remember the facts, the
Sayles Brothers entered into the contract with
an understanding as to the quality of the cloth
which was to be furnished, and the contract
when accepted by them and by their agents was
binding upon them ; and to require the Govern-
ment to pay the extravagant sum of $88,000
for a refusal on the part of the Government to
accept their cloth because it did not come up to
the standard required in the contract seems to
me, to say the least, unreasonable. The quar-
termaster had the power to accept or reject the
materials that were furnished in pursuance of
the contract. It was a matter of clear discre-
tion with him. When the cloth did not come
up to the standard specified in the contract,
he exercised that discretion and rejected it.
'These parties now claim damages arising to
them, as they allege, because of the rejection
of the material which they were to furnish under
the contract. I do not believe that the amount
of damages that is claimed in this case can be
sustained. The cloth that was alleged to have
been furnished or brought forward by the con-
tractors. Sayles Brothers, was sold at a very low
rate. They were to have SI 60 a yard from the
Government. That same cloth, on being put
into the market, was sold at a very low rate,
I think at not more than about one third of
that price, which is some sort of evidence of
the want of value of the article. They may
have put it on the auction stand and had it
disposed of at a lower rate than it would have
brought in the market, where there could have
been more deliberation in reference to the pur-
chase ; but they sold the same product that was
assumed to have been made for the Govern-
ment at a very low figure ; the chairman of the
the committee can state how much a yard, but
I believe it, was only about one third of $1 60.
Mr. HOWE. From sixty to seventy cents
a yard.
Mr. COLE. From sixty to seventy cents a
yard, I am informed. If we are to make good
to all contractors losses which they allege to
have sustained by reason of a failure on the
part of the Government or on the part of the
contractors themselves to comply with the con-
tracts we shall find ourselves in many difficul-
ties beyond this. This will be regarded as a
precedent for others who have not come up to
