THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February .^5,
signed fey these gentlemen. It is ai sufficient
reply, at least sufficient in my jadgment, that
the contract which they thus signed was a very
broad departure from the contract into which
they entered with the Government at the time
ol the bidding in Cincinnati. The contract
/(fas not made out until some time after the
Sayleses' were notified by their agent that the
contract had been awarded to them. On receiv-
ing a telegraphic dispatch to that effeet, they
proceeded at once to make preparation for going
on and performing the whole of the work by
going into the market and purchasing the wool
and the materials necessary for the manufac-
ture of the cloth. They had thus invested a
pretty large amount of money before the con-
tract, so called, was transmitted to them in
writing. When they came to examine the writ-
ten contract which was thus submitted to them
they saw at once that it did not contain the
same specifications which were referred to in
the advertisement under which they made their
bid and under which they really entered into
the contract and upon the enterprise itself.
The written contract upon which the Senator
so much relies was, as I remarked before, a
broad departure from the one into which they
had already entered; but in order to go on and
effectuate their bid they were in some sort
constrained to sign the contract which was sub-
mitted to them, but not until a considerable
time had elapsed after they had entered upon
the performance of the work itself.
It struck me that inasmuch as this written
contract thus entered into contemplated a dif-
ferent kind of cloth from that which they had
agreed to manufacture, and was a far harder
and more stringent contract than they had any
grounds to expect they would be compelled to
perform, and they having under these circum-
stances of pressure and necessity entered into
the bargain so far as they were concerned, the
contract became a hard one, imposing on them
a hardship and duty which they found it im-
possible to perform. They did not perform
it; they could not perform it. It was not con-
templated when their bid was accepted at all,
and was never insisted upon. No notice was
ever transmitted to them that they would be
expected to perform the terms of this written
contract with strictness. And under the cir-
cumstances it has struck me that it would be
a grievous and great hardship to require of
these contractors the performance of an im-
possibility, such as the written contract re-
quired them to perform. They entered into
and signed that contract, as I have remarked,
by a pressure which they could not get rid of.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes. sir.
Mr. COLE. Was it any authority of the
Government, or the Government in any sense,
that constrained them to enter into the con-
tract? It was, as I understood, their own
agents who urged them to enter into it. Am
I correct in that?
Mr. HOWARD. I think not. The truth is
the contract was completed and became a bind-
ing contract both upon the Government and
upon the Sayleses, at the time the Sayleses were
notified that their bid had been accepted by the
Government. There was the end of the con-
tract as between the contractors and the Gov-
ernment, and they performed that contract
acceptably and sufficiently, and they neither
could nor would submit to perform the con-
tract which was afterwards presented to them
and which turned out, in proof before the com-
mittee, to have been practically an impossibility.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator from Michigan
be so good as to tell us who did constrain them
to enter into that written contract?
Mr. HOWARD. They were constrained by
circumstances. This contract was presented
to them. They had purchased a large quan-
tity of wool for the purpose of manufacturing
the article according to their bid and had it
Otj hand, and had other materials on hand pur-
chased for the same purpose, all of which
would have been less valuable in their hands
if they had not obtained the contract and be'en
permitted to go on with the manufacture of
the article. It struck me, Mr. President, as
being one of those hard bargains from which
equity ordinarily relieves a contractor.
But this written contract, as I remarked be-
fore—and here is my principal point—was not
the contract into which the Sayleses had en-
tered, and it was one to which they ought not
to have been held.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives', by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had disagreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
(H. R. No. 1570) making appropriations for
the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the yearending June 30, 1870,
and for other purposes ; further insisted upon
its disagreement to the amendments of the
Senate to the said bill; asked a further con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. G. S.
Orth of Indiana, Mr. G. W. Scofield of
Pennsylvania, and Mr. S. B. Axtell of Cali-
fornia, managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 467) to confirm an
entry of laud of Moses F. Shinn.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills ; and they were thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore :
A bill (S. No. 968) authorizing certain banks
■ named therein to change their names ;
{ A bill (H. R. No. 273) to amend the act of
1 April 10, 1806, for establishing rules and arti-
j cles for the government of the armies of the
United States;
A "bill (H. R. No. 424) amendatory of an act
entitled ,:An act for the relief of certain drafted
men ; "
A bill f'H. R. No. 1280) for the relief of
Lieutenant Leonidas Smith, late of twenty-
second regiment Indiana volunteer infantry ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1323) for the relief of
Walter D. Plowden ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1489) granting a portion
of the military reservation at Sault Ste. Marie,
Michigan, to the American Baptist Home Mis-
sion Society;
A bill (H. R. No. 1868) for the relief of H.
A. White;
Abill (H. R. No. 1872) providing for the pay-
ment of Captain Goldman Bryson's mounted
company ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1878) for the relief of
George W. Short.
consular and diplomatic expenses.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider its amendments to the bill
(H. R. No. 1570) making appropriations for
the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1870,
and for other purposes, furthei disagreed to by
the House of Representatives ; and
On motion, by Mr. HOWE, it was
Resolved, That the Senate further insist upon its
amendments to the said bill, and agree to the further
conference asked by the House of Representatives on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conference on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
o. n. cutler.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 591.
_ The motion was agreed to ; and the con-
sideration of the bill (8. No. 591) for the relief
of O. N. Cutler was resumed as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to appropriate
S50,000 to O. N. Cutler, in fall compensation
for two hundred and sixty-eight bales of cotton
seized by order of General Ulysses S. Grant,
afc Lake Providence, Louisiana-, the property
of Cutler, and used for military purposes in
equipping the steamer Tigress for naming the
blockade of the Mississippi river, at Yieksbapg,
in the month of April, 1863, and destroyed.
Mr. EDMUNDS.' I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the committee whether this
iirvolves the principle that was so much dis-
cussed in the case of Miss Sue Murphey. If
it does it had better be laid over.
Mr. HOWE. Let the report be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
made by Mr. Howe on the 6th of July, 1868:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the claim of O. N. Cutler, have examined the same,
and submit the following as their report:
On the 5th day of March, 1863, one William C. Wag-
ley made a written contract with John G. Klinck,
assistant quartermaster, for the picking, ginning,
aDd bailing of cotton then growing on tbe lands about
Lake Providence, in the State of Louisiana, which
had been abandoned by the rebel owners and occu-
pants, and then lately brought within permanent
Union lines by the. advance and occupancy of the
Federal forces.
This contract was approved by Major General Mc-
Pherson, commanding that district.
By the terms of the contract Wagley was to gather,
gin, bale, and deliver at a certain pointof shipment
certain unpicked and abandoned cotton in and about
Lake Providence at his own expense. This cotton,
when so picked, ginned, and baled and delivered,
was to be equally divided, and the Government to
have one half and Wagley the otherhalf, and Wag-
ley to have the privilege of shipping his cotton to
Memphis, Tennessee, on Government transports, he
paying freight therefor.
On the 3d day of April, thesameyear, after having
picked, ginned, and baled a considerable quantity
of cotton under the contract, Mr. W agley assign ed his
interest in the contract to Mr. 0. N. Cutler, the claim-
ant in this case, then a citizen ofHannibal, Missouri,
who thereafter prosecuted the work, and a large
amount of cotton was delivered under tho contract
at Lake Providence, and there divided, an officer of
the Government taking charge of tbe one half be-
longing to the Government, and assigning to said
Cutler the other half.
While this cotton was lying at Lake Providence
awaiting transportation to Memphis General Grant
required transportation for his army across the Mis-
sissippi river, below Vicksburg. To furnish this it
was necessary to run steamboats through the block-
ade ftt Vicksburg. Torun thisblockadeitwasneces-
sary to so furnish the boats as to protect, as far as
possible, their machinery from destruction by the
enemy's fire; and by General Grant's order his quar-
termaster took Cutler's cotton, and with it equipped
tbe steamer Tigress torun that blockade. The Tigress
and her equipment of cotton were lost on the voyage.
The amount of claimant's cotton so taken and used
is shown by Captain B. P. Reno, assistant auarter-
master, the officer who seized it under General
Grant's order, to have been two hundred and sixty-
eightbales,
The weight of the bales is not clearly proven. The
claimant states his accountas two hundred and sixty-
eight bales weighing one hundred and thirteen thou-
sand nine hundred pounds, being four hundred and
twenty-five pounds to the bale, and he puts it at
twenty-five cents per pound, amounting to $62,645.
The original contractor, Wagley^ was a citizen of
Illinois, employed in this enterprise under the in-
ducement held out by our authorities andtheeotton
was the price paid for his labor and risks. The
claimant and assignee was then a loyal citizen of
Hannibal, Missouri, took the contract off Wagley's
hands, and completed the work.
The Government employed them to do the work,
paid them for it, and before they could removethe
proceeds of their labor and convert it it was seized
ov the Government for military purposes and de-
stroyed.
It seems to your committee to be a case of private
property taken for public use, freed from tbe com-
plications and questions ordinarily attending claims
for the use and destruction of property in an onemy-2?
country in time of war, and should be paid for.
Your committee have had some difficulty in fixing
the value of the cotton, but have agreed to report
the accompanying bill appropriating $50,000, and to
recommend its passage.
Mr. BUCK ALB W. I am opposed to all
these bills in which the committees of the
Senate attempt, on ex parte evidence before
them to fix values. Here is the large amonnt
of $50,000; and so far as we are informed
this amountis fixed on papers presented bythe
claimant to the committee. It seems to me
very strange if this cotton was taken for the
purposes of the Army that there was no ap-
praisement made at the time of the amount,
no receipt given for it, no statement made con-
temporaneous with the transaction of the quan-
tity of cotton appropriated. That is a very
singular fact. Ordinarily when property is
taken either by the quartermaster's department
or by_ their authority under military orders
there is some ascertainment of the amount-so
taken ; atall events of the amount, evea if th®
value should not be ascertained. Now, there
is another singular thing on the face of this
