842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
[Mr. Cobb,] declared in favor of imposing a
tax of ten per cent, on the interest accruing
from bonds payable at the Treasury of this
Government. If anything is established by the
previous action of this House it is established
that, in the judgment of the House, that tax
ought to be imposed. This Hom>e has already
declared, as 1 trust it will declare again, that
property which pays no tax at all for State and
municipal purposes shall simply pay double
the tax that is paid to the Government by
other property which is taxed for local purposes.
The justice of this proposition must be man-
ifest. While the five per cent, tax imposed
upon incomes in general is undoubtedly the
most equitable tax that is imposed, the one
most nearly equal in its operation, the one most
easily borne, the one which is paid by those
who are best able to pay tax, yet at the same
time a tax of ten per cent, on the interest ac-
cruing upon bonds of the United States, which
are exempt from all State and municipal taxa-
tion, is a most just and reasonable tax. In
proposing to exclude, in estimating the ordi-
nary income of the citizen, the interest accru-
ing upon Government bonds, my object is that
income from this source shall be subjected to
a special income tax in such a manner as in
some degree to equalize taxation. The people
®f this country are prepared to bear any rea-
sonable burdens which may be imposed upon
them by the Government. They will bear, as
thej' have borne, the burdens of taxation as
patiently ns any other people. But they will
demand equality in taxation ; and if anything
would tend to destroy the patient spirit of the
American people and create dissatisfaction with
tiie burdens imposed by the Government it,
would be their belief that taxes are not equally
imposed. I trust, therefore, for the purpose
of imposing a tax often percent, on so much of
these bonds which bear no tax, they will be
exempted from the provision of this section.
Mr.SCUENCK. Mr.Chairman, Iwasagood
deal astounded when 1 heard my neighbor from
Indiana proposing to exempt the creditors of
the Government from any income tax on that
part of their annual gains derived from the
bonds they held. As he proceeded lie explained
that he proposed this amendment at this part
of the hi)! with n view to pressing in another
portion of the bill an amendment to tax them
a little more heavily fur having that kind of
property. Now, sir, I am notable to distinguish
myself between an income derived from one
source or another. A young woman employed
in the Treasury Department consulted rue last
week as to what she should do with an extra
$100 which she hud been abouteighteen months
in Having. I advised her to bay a bond of the
United Stales. I little thought at the time that
the gentleman from Indiana would charge her
double as much on her coupon as he would
charge any other citizen having an income de-
rived from any other source. This proposi-
tion, however,_ would leave the gentleman in a
bad position it the House should not put in his
other amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. The House, by one of the
most decisive acts it has performed in many
years, has voted in favor of the imposition of
this ten per cent, tax on these bondholders.
Mr. SCHENCIi. I wish to say to the gen-
tleman from Indiana that this House of Repre-
sentatives is a very uncertain body. I have
known it to vote two different ways, diametric-
ally opposed to each other, in two days suc-
ceeding each other. My colleague [Mr. Gar-
field] can verify this statement; for in ref-
erence to the transfer of the Indian Bureau to
the War Department the Houseyesterday voted
against the. proposition, although by a very
large majority it had previously voted in favor
of it. Some thirty or forty gentlemen t£flopped
over and voted the very opposite of their
former votes. on the very same question.
.Now, Mr. Chairman, gentlemen will remember
that was before the election, but the election is
over. I advise the gentleman from Indiana to
be very careful, for if he exempts these bloated
bondholders from any tax under this section
and then should fail to get in the other section
taxing them double, what sort of spectacle will
he present to the people of Indiana? I think
it better for the gentleman to let this thing
stand as it is, and charge these bondholders as
much as anybody else, instead of letting them
off, until he becomes sure that he is going to
accomplish the other reform to which he al-
ludes. He had better wait and accomplish that
reform than to anticipate that he will accom-
plish it. He regards it as a reform ; I prefer
that we should leave the law in its present gen-
eral terms, charging five per cent, on all in-
come subject to the exemptions and deductions
provided by law, than to run any risk by letting
the bondholders off now in the hope of catch-
ing them by some action to be resorted to here-
after.
The amendment was lost.
Mr. HOLMAN. I offer the following, to
come in as a new section:
Andbe it further enacted, That thereshatl be levied,
collected, and paid annually a tax often per cent,
on the interest accruing on all bonds issued by tho
United States to be withheld by the proper officer of
the Treasury from tho interest paid at the time of
the payment thereof. The tax hereby provided for
shall be withheld from the interest beooming due on
such bonds on and after the 1st day of May, 18G9.
Mr. Chairman, I am surprised that a gentle-
man occupying the position of chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, and the leader
of this House, should have formed so poor an
opinion of the body with whom he has been
acting so long. I occupy an outside position,
perhaps, in a double sense; and after looking
on the action of this body for many years I
have not reached the conclusion the gentleman
from Ohio has. I cannot believe that a body
of Representatives, representing so large , a
portion of the people of the United States,
selected for their intelligence and capacity, are
entirely unable to judge of public questions,
and are subject to those fluctuations of opinion
to which the gentleman has referred. If any-
thing could destroy the confidence of the peo-
ple in the legislative body of the Republic, it
would be the belief that public questions are
decided captiously and without deliberation
and sound judgment. And, sir, especially
would the country lose all confidence in Con-
gress if they were led to believe that meas-
ures pass this House on the eve of an election,
which could not have passed it at any other
time, with a view to effect a political and parti-
san result. 1 blush to have heard the obser-
vation made here. I cannot entertain the be-
lief that on the eve of the very important
election of last year gentlemen sitting here,
the sworn Representatives of the American
people, were influenced in voting in favor of
the proposition to tax the wealth of the coun-
try with a view to equalizing taxation because
those votes would tend to sustain one political
party and to overthrow another. I do not
think the remark of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means adds to the moral
sense of the country or tends to strengthen the
convictions of the people in the virtue of men
in public life when he suggests that the Rep-
resentatives of the people are influenced in
their action by considerations connected with
partisan results. I had assumed that if there
was anything settled it was that this House
had determined to impose this tax. I had
even forgotten that the vote was taken on the
eve of the late presidential campaign. I do
not believe even now that gentlemen will re-
fuse to impose this tax, mild as it is, only par-
tially tending to equalize the taxation which
to-day is creating more feeling against the
national debt than all others combined. If
the public burdens are not equalized, if the
citizen cannot feel that he bears just the bur-
den he ought to bear in common with his
neighbors and no more, a party will spring
up, growing gradually, but surely as fate, the
operations of which may be fatal" to the good
of this Republic.
Mr. HIGBY. Will the gentleman answer
a question?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HIGBY. Is not that the kind of party
lie wants to grow up?
Mr. HOLMAN. That is the kind of party
I do not. want to grow up. I speak for the
interest of the holders of the United States
securities, but I favor reasonable taxation of
these securities. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] cannot dodge this question by
suggesting that some of these bonds are held
by the comparatively poor. They are held by
the wealthy of the nation in the main.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I believe
almost everybody now begins to understand
the principle which lies at the bottom of this
proposition to tax the public securities or the
interest derived from them. If I should loan
to my neighbor money and take from him his
bond payable at some future time with interest
at six per cent, a year, with the understanding
also that he may at any time at his pleasure
take back from me any part of that six per
cent, per annum, either one, two, three, or five
per cent., or the whole of it, everybody would
say I was a fool. When the United States
Government borrows money and pledges itself
to pay six per cept. interest, nobody would
even have pretended that the United States
ought to hold, or that the creditor expected it
to hold, the privilege of taxing that interest
back again; and until that cry was got up for
party purposes by gentlemen acting with my
friend over the way it never was heard of in
this country, and yet the gentleman reads us
a lecture about being controlled by party
interest!
Now, sir, parties do change ; they often
change their opinions or their actions on par-
ticular subjects, and I was saying nothing dis-
respectful to this House or to political parties
when I intimated as much. I remember my
first experience on my return to Congress after
the absence of a number of years. The whole
country had heard the Democrats berating us
Republicans for a law which provided that
$300 might be paid to the Government as a
substitute for military service, and every stump
rang with the declamation that was indulged
in endeavoring to excite the people against
the Republican Congress upon the ground that
they were disposed to let the rich man go while
they exacted blood from the poor man. Not
for this reason, but for other good and sufficient
reasons operating upon my mind, I, as a mem-
ber of the Military Committee, proposed to the
House, and succeeded in carrying through it,
an amendment to the law abolishing that com-
mutation for military service. But when it
came to a test vote this same Democratic party
turned round and voted against the proposi-
tion. What does that prove ? Why, that the
Democratic party like the Republican party or
any other party is more or less influenced in
legislative bodies and out of legislative bodies
by expediency of putting forward particular
arguments not always in quite as good faith
as ought to be observed by public men or by
citizens.
I do not believe that we ever should have
heard of this queer, absurd proposition that
one of the parties to a contract might have
the privilege of destroying all the value of the
contract at its pleasure if it had not been put
forward for party purposes. But it was a
plausibly-sounding thing, and a good many
people have been made to believe that there is
some new and outrageous thing done; yet when
you come to look into the party history of the
matter, there never was anybody that taxed
the bondholders at all until the Republican
party came into power. All through theyears
when the Democrats held full sway and control
in Congress they neither taxed the principal
nor the interest. But the Republican party,
moved, to it perhaps by the necessities of the
war, did begin .to tax the interest—that is the
income from this source. TheDemocratsnever
had done that much, and yet now we have a
lecture from the gentleman from Indiana in
regard to yielding to party feeling in this matter!
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOMALL. 1 move to amend the
