Ifil CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2S,
tftade the special order at a quarter past twelve
o'clock to-morrow,
Mr. HENDRICKS. What is the proposition?
The PRESIDENTprotempore. The prop-
osition is to make the report of the committee
of conference On the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the constitutional amendment
the special order for to-morrow at a quarter
past twelve o'clock.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It would be better to
say one o'clock.
"• Mr. STEWART. I will say half past twelve.
Mr. HENDRICKS. You had better say
one, and all will be here.
Mr. STEWART. I' want to make it the
special order for half past twelve.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend the
motion by saying one o'clock instead of half
past twelve o'clock.
Mr. STEWART. I expect to get a vote
before one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The long-
est time will be put first; and the question is
on making this report the special order for
one o'clock to-morrow.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the motion to make it the special
order for half past twelve.
The question being put; there were, on a
division—ayes 24, noes 6 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. STEWART. We shall have to have
the yeas and nays to get a quorum.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is a quorum here.
I ask that there be another division.
Mr. STEWART. There will be a quorum
if all will vote.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to make one
remark. I have no objection to making this
the order at one o'clock to-morrow, by which
time the Senate will be full.
Mr. STEWART. I do not want to antago-
nize it against the regular business of the day.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I do not think it will
be debated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to make the report of the
committee of conference the special order for
half past twelve o'clock to-morrow. The Chair
will put the question again.
Mr. STEWART. I will modify my motion
and say one o'clock.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The call for a division
is withdrawn on that motion. There is no
objection to fixing one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
CENSUS OF I860.
Mr. HOWE. _ I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 614.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 614) to pay loyal citizens in the States
lately in rebellion for service in taking the
United States census of 1860 was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
that the claims of loyal citizens in the States
of Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina,Texas, and Virginia, for services ren-
dered as United States marshals and their
assistants in taking the eighth census in the
year 1860, may be paid out of any unexpended
balance of any moneys hitherto appropriated
for the payment of United States marshals and
their assistants for services rendered in taking
the eighth census in the year 1860 ; but no part
of any such balance is to be paid to or on ac-
count of any claimant who participated in the
late rebellion or gave to it aid or comfort.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Who is to decide who
was a loyal citizen under this bill; who is to ba
the judge ?
Mr. HOWE. The same tribunal passes upon
the question that settles the other marshals'
accounts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Who is that ?
Mr. HOWE. I do not know.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that bill had
better be thought of a little. I move to lay the
bill on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN T. STEWART.
Mr. HOWE. I move to take up for consid-
eration Senate bill No. 35.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 35) for the relief of
John F. Stewart, which proposes to authorize
the Secretary of War to pay him the full amount
of pay and emoluments as second lieutenant
of company A, fourth United States volun-
teers, from July 22, 1865, to June 19,1866, the
date of the muster-out of his company.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That bill was
reported back by me with a recommendation
that it should not pass; thereis a printed report
which, if it is desired, can be read.
Mr. HOWE. I move its indefinite postpone-
ment.
The motion was disagreed to.
COOLEY AND BOS WELL.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the chairman of the
Committee on Claims if it was not a bill for
the benefit of Stewart Barnes he intended to
call up ?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I -wish he would propose it.
Mr. HOWE. I will presently. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
Senate joint resolution No. 163.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R, No. 163) for the relief of
Benjamin Cooley and James W. Boswell was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It recites that the amount
of mail matter carried over routes Nos. 3293
and 3304 from Washington city, in the District
of Columbia, to Poolesville, in the State of
Maryland, duringsomeportionofthetimeunder
the contracts for carrying the mails thereon
from July 1, 1860, to June 30, 1864, greatly ex-
ceeded any anticipated quantity of mails to be
carried over those routes at the time the con-
tracts were made, on account of the large num-
ber of troops stationed at Poolesville and
vicinity, and which could not have been fore-
seen by the contractors; and it therefore pur-
poses to empower the Postmaster General to
examine and adjust the claims of Benjamin
Cooley and James W. Boswell, who were con-
tractors, respectively, for carrying the mails
upon the routes named during that period, and
to award them such compensation for carrying
the increased bulk of mail matter under those
contracts as may seem to him just and proper,
not to exceed the sum of $1,200 to either.
The joiut resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
BARTHOLOMEW COUNTY SOCIETY.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 185.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 185) for the relief of
the Bartholomew County Agricultural Society,
in the State of Indiana. The bill proposes to
pay to the Bartholomew County Agricultural
Society, in the State of Indiana, for damages
done to the grounds, buildings, fences, trees,
and shrubbery of said society, while the same
were used as a military encampment or ren-
dezvous for the organization of the tenth regi-
ment of Indiana cavalry and other regiments,
the^ sum of $2,000, in full satisfaction for all
claims of the society against the Government
of the United States.
Mr. HOWE. _ The report is adverse, and I
move that the bill be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
COLUMBIA TURNPIKE COMPANY.
Mr. HOWE. I move the indefinite post-
ponement of the joint resolution (S. R. No. 78)
for the relief of the Columbia Turnpike Com-
pany for use and occupation of their road
during the late rebellion.
The motion was agreed to.
RI0E AND NOTEWARE.
Mr. HOWF I move the indefinite post-
ponement of Senate bill No. 207, for the re-
lief of Clement T. Rice and Chauncey N. Note-
ware, late register and receiver at Carson City,
Nevada.
The motion was agreed to.
CAPTAIN JAMES KELLY.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senatebill No. 028.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 923) for the relief of Captain James Kelly
was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It provides for
the payment to James Kelly, captain of the
thirty-fourth United States infantry, of the full
pay of a captain from the 24th day of June,
1864, to the 31st of October, 1866.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I ought to say that while I
asked the Senate to proceed to the considera-
tion of the bill, I am not in favor of its
passage. It was not reported by me ; it w&s
reported, however, by a majority of the com-
mittee. I will state briefly that it is to pay
the salary of an officer who was dismissed from
the Army wrongfully and subsequently restored,
to pay him his salary during the time of the
dismissal, during the time he was out of ser-
vice. I am entirely satisfied that the dismissal
was wrong; the Department was satisfied of
that, and restored him to his command; but
he was out of the service for some two or
three years, I think; and this bill is to pay
him his salary during that time. I could not
agree with the majority of the committee.
Mr. WILLEY. It is a matter of indifference
to me whether the Senate pass the bill. This
was a gallant officer of the celebrated Irish
brigade, who was detailed for recruiting ser-
vice in consequence of severe wounds received
in the battle of Antietam. By some kind of
oversight he was mustered out of service with-
out any trial and without his knowledge. He
continued drawing his pay as a lieutenant col-
onel, and was addressed and treated as a lieu-
tenant colonel after being mustered out of ser-
vice without his knowledge ; and for so doing,
when it was found out, he was dismissed the
service without trial and without his knowledge.
On coming to Washington and making the
facts known to the Department he was rein-
stated with his commission as captain, dating
back to the date of his dismissal from the ser-
vice, fully acknowledging that he had been
improperly removed. The evidence shows that
he had been so, and was a brave and gallant
officer.
The bill makes provision for his payment,
not for the time he was out of service, but from
the time of his wrongful dismissal to the date
of the order restoring him, during which time
it is in proof that he was in Washington taking
the necessary means to redress his grievances,
ready and willing at ali times to render service,
and asking to be allowed to do it, at least a
good portion of that time. For a portion of
that time he was actually in service serving the
country after he had been dismissed, the order
for his dismissal not having been served upon
him for a considerable length of time. Under
these circumstances, a gallant officer having
j been wrongfully dismissed and put to the trou-
ble of coming to Washington to have himself
restored, and being restored and the dismiss-
ing power being in error upon its own acknowl-
edgment, and he having been ready and will-
ing to serve the country, a majority of the
committee thought he ought to have the pay
of a captain just the same as if he had been in
service; and that is the whole case.
Here was a brave and gallant officer, fur-
nishing as may be seen in the record the high-
est testimonials of gallantry, and who was
wounded almost to the death. If it is the
opinion of the Senate that he should not be
paid for the time of his wrongful dismissal,
when lie_ was engaged in correcting the error
and having himself restored to credit and to
the ranks of the Army, they will say so. That
is all there is in the case. He was taken 6tit
of the regular service for his courage arid
