WBB ;'COMGKESSIONAL GL0B1.
FebruaijrS^!,
Dee&tur.;,: but' thisr bill J>r©pt>s6s to-pay  ot
merely fqr property used, bat for property de-
stroyed as a neqessary incident of the war. It
i&o© that point that I differ with the commit-
tee. I think sh§ is a very deserving lady, and
if the Government was prepared to meet its
obligations to all loyal people I think the Gov-
ernment should meet its obligations to her.
Mr. WILLEY. The Senator from Califor-
nia thinks that this sum is too large. I think
it is very much too.sc&all. The Senator from
Wisconsin has sai(} that there can be no ques-
tion in regard to this lady's loyalty. That is
a matter settled beyond controversy. She was
in 1863, not in the beginning of the war, but
in. media# res, the owner of a very handsome
property at Baton Rouge^ in Louisiana—a
female seminary. In that year that property
was taken possession of. It was used first as
a hospital and at different times as a hospital
for United States troops. It was then used
for several months as a place for contrabands,
where the United States authorities placed
contrabands and kept them; and the latter part
of the time it was used as a stable for horses.
Two military commissions were appointed for
the purpose of examining into the rental value
of this property, and also to ascertain the
damages done in the use of it by the United
States authorities. Before the finding of the
award of the first commission had been thor-
oughly consummated the events of the times
carried the troops and authorities away, and
it became necessary to institute another com-
mission. Another commission was thereupon
appointed, Mr. Washburn, now a member of
the House, being at the head of that commis-
sion, and I do not know that I can state more
succinctly the merits of this case than by read-
ing their finding. After a personal examina-
tion of the premises, and after a careful investi-
gation of the testimony which is among the
papers, they conclude their report as follows:
There being no further evidence to introduce the
commissioners then proceeded to deliberate upon the
facts as herein set forth, and to determine upon the
several points in question a-s directed in the special
orders hereto prefixed; and having considered and
deliberated upon all the evidence adduced, and after
a careful examination and inspection of the prem-
ises and the property in question, for which Miss
Mathilda Victor claims damages from the United
States, the commission has determined upon the fol-
lowing conclusions, namely;
1. That the claimant. Miss Mathilda Victor, is the
legal owner of the property known as the St. Mary's
Female Academy and the grounds thereto belong-
ing. situated in the town of Baton Rouge, Louisiana,
and bounded north by private land, east by St. Mary's
street, south by "North street, and west by St. Hypo-
Ivte street; also, the ground situated on the westside
of the aforesaid piece, bounded north by private
lands, east by St. Hypolyte street, south by North
street, and west by the United States .lands, as set
forth in the copy of the warrantee deed hereto at-
tached and marked A; also, a cottage house, situated
on the last-described land at the time the town of
Baton Rouge was occupied by the United States
forces in June, 1862: Provided, That there is a mort-
gage or lien on said property or lands to the amount
ot $3,240, together with the interest thereon at eight
per cent.
2. That previous to the rebellion the academy
building and cottage building were in good condi-
tion, and that there were fine improvements upon
the grounds thereto belonging, and that the total
value of the said property, exclusive of the land,
amounted to about fifteen thousand five hundred
dollars.
3. That during the rebel occupation of Baton Rouge
the academy buildings and the grounds were occu-
pied for educational purposes till the monfeh of May,
(27th day,) 1862, when the United States forces took
possession of the town; and during such rebel occu-
pation (from August to December, 1862) the academy
building was occupied in part as a dwelling by pri-
vate parties for the period of three weeks, more or
less, and that the same stood vacant for the balance
of the time.
4. That by the authority of Brigadier General Wil-
liams the academy building was occupied in part as
a hospital for United States troops in the months of
June, July, and August, 1862, and that by the author-
ity of the commanding officer or officers respectively
of the United States troops at the post of Baton Rouge,
Louisiana, the said academy buildings were occupied
as quarters for " contrabands" or negroes from the
month of December, 1862, or J anuary, 1863, for aperiod
?f 1**ore than one year, when they were vacated by
the contrabands," and were left exposed to destruc-
tion from the vandal hands of negroes and from the
troops, or temporarily occupied by the United States
troops as quarters.
o> That rent is due from the United States for the
acadcmy buildings for the period of sixteen months.
That is up to the time of this report. The
evidence further, shows that after the date of
this report it was occupied as stabling for the
United States .troops for an additional period
of about'four months.
6. That the amount due from the United States for
ronfc )s $2460,
7. Thatall the academy buildings and the,cottage
house and the many improvements upon the grounds
surrounding and thereto belonging have been dam-
aged to the extent of almost total destruction by the
United States military authorities and by the United
States troops and "contrabands" without authority,
and by other circumstances consequent upon the
state of war and the occupation of rebel territory.
8. That the United States Government or its offi-
cers are responsible for damages done to the said
property of Miss Mathilda Victor iu and for the fol-
lowing amount, namely:
For destruction of cottage house on the corner of
Hypolyte and North streets, and out-houses, fences,
and other improvements thereto belonging, $2,400.
For damage to and destruction of the academy
building, and the out-houscs, fences, shrubbery, and
other improvements appertaining thereto, $11,600.
Recapitulation.
Amount due from the United States for rent.. $2,500
Amount due from the United States for de-
struction of the cottage building, &c., by
fire  2,400
Amount due from the United States for dam-
ages to and destruction of the academy
building, improvements, &c  11,600
Total amount of rent and damages due from
the United States $16,500
And finally, the commission concludes that the
larger portion of the damages done to the academy
buildings or premises has been inflicted since Sep-
tember, 1863, when the former commission appointed
to investigate the same case submitted a report upon
the same, which report, indorsed by the command-
ing general of the department of the Gulf, is hereto
attached and marked B.
And it further appears from an order, a copy of
which is hereto attached and marked C, issued by
Major General N. P. Banks, commanding depart-
ment of the Gulf, that the claimant, MissVictor.has
already received from the quartermaster's depart-
ment the payment of the sum of $1,500 on account
of her said claims against the Government. The
commission thereforerecommends that this payment
of $1,500 be deducted from the final payment of the
said claims as herein set forth.
The commission then adjourned sine die.
H. D. WASHBURN,
Colonel Eighth Indiana Volunteers,
President of Comminnon.
BENJAMIN F. HAYS,
Lieutenant Colonel Pirst Indiana ArtHUry.
S. E. ARMSTRONG, Captain First Indiana Artillery
Volunteti 6, Htcordcr of Commission.
The finding of the commission is thus in-
dorsed :
Headquarters District of Baton Rouge,
Louisiana, June 1,1864.
Respectfully forwarded. After a careful examina-
tion of the evidence, I am satisfied that the find-
ing of the commission is right, and that the allow-
ance of the claims would be a simple act of justice
to a meritorious and truly loyal and patriotic lady.
W. P. BENTON,
Brigadier General Commanding.
Headquarters Post and District of
Baton Rougi;, Louisiana, June 2, 1864.
I have read with attention and care the evidence
in the foregoing case, and have made a personal ex-
amination of the property upon which the ci^im for
damages is founded. I am also informed- of facts,
outside of the record, which are cumulative and add
strength to the equity of the case. I strongly urge
favorable action as duo to a woman who has been,
through good snd evil report, a fast and unflinching
friend of the Government under circumstances where
interest and the promptings of selfishness would
have con&trained to a contrary line of conduct.
FITZ HENRY WARREN,
Jji igadicr General Comuia>iding.
I>kpartmj:\t of tiie Gulf,
June 15, 1864.
The foregoing proceedings of the military commis-
sion have been examined and hereby approved.
N. P. BANKS,
Major General Commanding.
In addition to that, as is shown by the testi-
mony of Colonel Martindale among the papers,
subsequent to this finding and to the execution
of this commission, this property was occupied
by the United States for stabling and other
purposes nearly the term of four months ; and
he testifies further that such a use of such a
property would be worth $500 a month.
Now observe, Mr. President, this finding of
this military commission distinguished between
what would be a reasonable rent and the dam-
ages to the property. In finding $2,500 rent
due they did not include in that amount any-
thing for the extraordinary character of the
use of the property, necessarily leading to great
damage to the property, because in a distinct
.and separate item they found the damages by
themselves ; so that in ascertaining what would
be a fair rent they did not take into consideration
the use. Everybody knows that for the pur-
poses of a seminary and other ordinary pur-
poses a proprietor of property would rent' it
for much less than he would rent it for the-pur-
pose of being occupied by troops or to be occu-
pied'as a stable or to be occupied by contra-
bands. In making up their estimate of the
value of the rent for this time the commission
did not take these things into consideration,
because they found the damages in a distinct
item/
The commission found $10,500 to be dueto
this lady for rent and damages, and -in that
they did not include the four months' additional
occupation which took place after the finding
of the commission. The Committee on Claims
has whittled the thing down to the paltry sum
of $5,000, for which no man who would have
occupied that property would have rented it.
If we are to make no other compensation we
are in duty bound, if we are to pay any rent
at all, to increase the rent which this commis-
sion found in consideration of the extraor-
dinary use to which the property was applied
since. In the estimating of that rent the com-
mission did not take the extraordinary use to
which it was applied into consideration, but
found the value of the rent independent of any
I say that this lady is entitled to more for
rent, for the period of sixteen or twenty months
during which time this property was occupied
by United States troops than what she has al-
ready received and than what this bill gives her.
It is an inadequate consideration ; it is a pal-
try consideration; and I for one, as a member
of the committee, was almost ashamed to be
the organ of the committee to introduce to the
Senate a report rendering to this loyal lady a
consideration so paltry. Why, sir, she has the
testimony here of Admiral Farragut and of
various other distinguished officers who knew
her. Admiral Farragut took her upon his ves-
sel from the violence of her enemies, the vio-
lence of the enemies of the country, and car-
ried her to New Orleans for safety, together
with her sister; and he recommends in the
strongest terms that Congress should do this
loyal lady justice.
Now, sir, after this lady has been deprived
of all her property ; after we have destroyed
a beautiful estate belonging to her; after we
have broken up her business and turned her
out penniless upon the charity of the world,
when we come in here with a paltry bill giving
her not one third of the amount to which she
is entitled, we are met by the answer that it
ought not to be allowed. If anything
allowed this amount is much too small. I hope
the Senate will not hesitate one moment to
vote this sum of only $5,000. It should be
more. I would be willing to double it, so far
as I am concerned.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I have
looked into the claim of Miss Victor as care-
fully as I have been able, and I am satisfied
that the bill presented to the Senate by the
Committee on Claims ought to pass. If there
be any fault it consists in the insufficiency of
the sum to indemnify that lady for her losses.
Gentlemen about me have inquired whether
this be not exactly such a claim as that of Sue
Murphey, which has become somewhat famous
in the history of our discussions. I can assure
them that there is very little if any analogy
between the two claims. In the first place, as
to Sue Murphey, she was a disloyal person,
although she palmed herself off upon a com-
mittee of this uody as being a loyal lady and
based her claim upon that assumption, which
since the discussions hers- has turned out to
be a very fals^ assumption indeed. Sue Mur-
phey was a rebel at heart, a rebel in action, and
belonging to a rebel family; and I have the
best reason to suppose that the land which was
