1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOIE.
sion at this time. I desire, however, that when
this proposition is voted upon it shall be voted
upou by a full House. I' have before me the
proceedings which have occurred heretofore
upon this subject. I find that this House by a
vote of 92 to 54, only as late as the 29 th of
June last, declared in fayor of this proposition
to equalize taxation and to put as far as may
be our people upon the same common footing
as to the burdens .which they shall bear. This
species of-property being relieved from every
other kind of taxation should pay an income
tax double that imposed on other property.
The remarks of the gentleman from New-
York [Mr. Wood] have so effectually disposed
of the suggestion made in the interest of wealth,
that these bonds are held by poor people in our
country, that I will only say that in estimating
the amount of these bonds held by the national
banks my friend from New York makes a mis-
take certainly of over one hundred milliondol-
lars. Thebankshave on depositin the Treasury,
to secure their circulation alone, $300,000,000
of the bonds. They hold for the purpose of
securing deposits and for other purposes over
one hundred million dollars more ; so that the
gentleman from New York may well trace the
body of these bonds—almost the entirety of
these bonds—into the hands of those who are
able to bear their fair share of the burden of
taxation and who to-day are entirely relieved,
while the labor of the country bears the entire
burden, n6t only of maintaining the national
debt, butofbearingthe expenses of the national
Government,.
The gentleman from California [Mr. Higby]
says that these bondholders are the persons who
came forward in the hour of need and took
these bonds when the nation was in peril, hav-
ing faith in God and in the stability of the
Union of theseStates. Thegentlemanwillbear
in mind that until it became the grandest spec-
ulation that the capitalists of this or any other
country ever made not a dollar of these bonds
was taken.
Mr. HIGBY. They were taken in California.
Mr. HOLMAN. When you had depreciated
the currency until a gold bond could be bought
for forty1 three cents on the dollar, but until
then not a dollar of the bonds was sold.
Mr. HJGBY. That is not so.
Mr. SCHENCK. Many of them were taken
in the darkest hours of the war.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman need not
refer in the terms he does to California, for
California seems to scorn the issue which car-
ried us safely through the war—the greenbacks
of the country—refusing to recognize it as a
part of the circulating medium of the country.
California may be an exception, but if it is, it
is a solitary exception. The men who took
these bonds in 1868 and 1864, and at an earlier
moment, took them when they were worth on
their face in the currency in which they were
bought scarcely forty-three cents on the dollar,
the bonds being exeftipt from taxation, and
they are now claiming to be relieved from any
other taxation on this species of wealth.
Mr. HIGBY. I only want to say that in
my own State thousands and hundreds. of
thousands were taken at six per cent, when
they could get twb and three per cent, a month
for their money, and that, too, in the darkest
hour of the Republic; and it was the same all
over the Union.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I want to ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana a question. According to
the report of the Comptroller of the Currency
the national bank capital is but, $420,000,000,
based entirely upon Government securities.
Is he not aware of the fact that that already
pays five per cent, taxation, and does he pro-
pose to add to thatten per cent., making fifteen
per cent. ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman will
not take up too much of my time. It is the
clearest proposition in the world that a bank
does not pay one cent of tax upon its bonds.
They pay, it is true, a tax upon their shares ;
but those shares represent their circulation and
not their , bonds. So far as the !|S00,000,000
of bonds are concerned, the banks do not pay
any tax, except the one half of one per cent,
each six months, imposed by the law under
which they are incorporated.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Holman j and being taken, upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 10, noes 48; no quorum
voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the commit-
tee now rise. That will leave this question
pending when we again resume the considera-
tion of this subject in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope not; we may as
well fight this matter out now.
The CHAIRMAN. No quorum appearing
upon the last vote, tellers will be ordered under
the rule.
Tellers were accordingly ordered ; and Mr.
Schenck and Mr. Holmah were appointed.
The committee again divided upou the amend-
ment of Mr. Holman ; and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes 15, noes 40; no quorum
voting,
Mr. HOLMAN. I now move that the com-
mittee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. There appearing no
quorum upon the last vote, the Chair will, un-
der the rule, direct the roll of members to be
called.
The roll was accordingly called ; and the
following members failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs. Adams, Anderson. Arnell, Belos It. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Axtelt, Baldwin, Banks, Barnes,
Barnum, Beaman, Beck, Benton, BinRham, Black-
burn, Blair, Boutwell, Bowcn, Boydcn.Boyer, Brom-
well. Brooks, Buckland, Buckley, Burr, Benjamin F.
Butler, Roderick E. Butler, Cake, (Jallis, Gary, Cbau-
ler. Header W. Clarko, Sidnoy Clarke, Coburn, Cook,
Cornell, Cullom, Dawes, Delano, f)ewef.se. Dixon,
Dockory, Dodge, Driggs, Eokloy, Edwards, Eggleston,
Eldridge, Thomas D. Eliot, .-funics T. Elliott, Kerriss,
Ferry, Fields, Fox, French, Garfield, Glossbronner,
Golladay. fl-oss, Gove, Gravely, Griswold, Grover,
Ilaight, Haisey, Hamilton, Harding, Haughe.v, ilea-
ton. Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Kichard D. Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Johnson, Alex-
ander H. Jones, Thomas 1. Jones, Julian, Kelsoy,
Kerr.Ketohain, Kitchen, Kuott, KooriU, Latlin, Lash,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln,
Loan,Logan. Louglmdge, Lynch, Mallory, Marshall,
McCarthy, McCormick, McUullough, McKee, Moor-
head, Morrissey, Mungon, Myers, Neweouib, News-
ham, Niblack, Nicholson, Norm, Orth, Paine, Pettis,
Pierce,Pike, Plants, Poland, Polsley.Pomeroy,Price,
Pruyn, Randall, llaum, Robertson, Robinson, Ross,
Selye, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Stewart,-Stokes,
Stone, Stover, Sypher, Taffe, Taylor/lift, John Trim-
ble, LawrenceS. Trimble, Trowbridge, Twichell, V an
Aernam. Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Robert; T. Van
Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyok, Vidal, Ward.Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburno. Thomas,
Williams. JamesF. Wilson, Woodbridge, Woodward,
and Young.
Mr. Blaise having taken the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, Mr. Scomei.d reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had under con-
sideration the bill (H. R. No. 1000) to reduce
into one act and to amend the laws relating to
internal taxes; and finding itself without a
quorum, he had directed the roll of members
to be called, and now reported the list of absen-
tees to the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holmax] will not take the direc-
tion of this matter and break up the session
of to-night.
The question was taken upon the motion to
adjourn, and it was not agreed to; there being
upon a division—ayes 24, noes 41.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suggest that we again
go into Committee of the Whole, and go on
with the remainder of this bill, leaving the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] to be acted upon by a fuller
committee, which we will endeavor to have to-
morrow night.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Schenck]
will consent to have my amendment reported,
to the House 1 will consent to his proposition.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will consent to no such
thing; I' will fight'these atrocious doctrines all
the way through.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call tin? gentleman to
order. The proposition to equalize taxation
is no atrocious doctrine. - ; ,
Mr. SCHENCK'. Then we differ; thatis all.
Mr. HOLMAM. I will consent to the'prqp-
ositibn of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenok] to pass over my amendment for the
present.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the House
again resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole upou the tax bill. ;
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point of
order that a quorum did not appear upon the
last vote, and therefore the House cannot now
go into Committee of the Whole.
The SPJSAKERpro tempore, (Mr. Blaine.)
The last vote w,as upon the motion to adjourn,
which does not require a quorum for its de-
cision.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I give notice that
I will call for a division upon the motion to go
into Committee of the Whole.
The question was then taken upon the mo-
tion of Mr. Schenck, that the House again
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole upon
the tax bill; and upon a division (called for by
Mr. Faunswortu) there were—ayes 30, noes
20 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Schenck
and Faunswoutii were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes forty-seven, noes not counted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 withdraw the call
for a division.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The call for
a division being withdrawn, the motion to go
into Committee of the "Whole is agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, l.ilr. Soofield in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. R.
No. 1000) to reduce into one act and to amend
the laws relating to internal taxes.
The CHAIRMAN. The House, by unani-
mous consent, has directed that the amend-
ment pendi ng when the bill was last under con-
sideration in Committee of the Whole shall be
passed over for the present. The Clerk will
proceed with the reading of the hill.
The Clerk read the following:
Sue. 2ot. Anil lr> it further snacted, That, in esti-
mating the gains, profits, and income of any person,
there shall bo included all income derived irom
interest upon notes, bonds, and other securities of
the United States; profits realized within the year
from sales of real estate purehased within two year?
previous to the year for which mcoiao is estimated,
interest received or acciucd upon all notes, bonds,
and mortgages, or other forms of indebtedness bear-
ing interest, whether paid or not, if good and col*
lectablo; the amount of all premium on gold and
coupons; the amount of sales of iivo stock, sugar,
wool, butter, cheese, pork, beef, mutton, or other
meats, hay and grain, or other vegetable or other
productions, being the growth or produeeof the estate
of such poison, not including any part, thereof con-
sumed direct I yby the family; all other sains, profits,
and income derived from any source whatever, bnt
not including the rental value of the homestead used
or occupied by any person or by his family; and the
share ot any person of the gains and profits, whether
divided or not, of all companies, either incorporated
or partnership, but not inoluding the amount of in-
come received from institutionsor corporations whose
officers, as required bylaw, withhold ana pay as
taxes aper cent, of the dividends tnaue and oi inter-
est or coupons paid by suoh institutions; ana any
amount received as salary or pay for service* in the
civil,military, naval, or other service of the united
States, including salary received as Senator, Repre-
sentative, or Delegate in Congress. And m addiuon
to $1,01)0 exempt from income tax. as herembelore
provided, there shall be deducted from the gams,
profits, and income of any person all national, btafco,
county, and municipal taxes paid by him within the
year; all his losses actually sustained during the year
arising from fires, shipwreck, or ineuried in trade,
and debts ascertained to be worthless, but excluding
all estimated depreciation ofvadues; the amouutpaid
by him for rent, labor, or interest to cultivate laud,
or to conduct any other business from which ineoiuo
is derivod; the amount paid by him ior the rent of
the house or, premises occupied as a residence for
himself or hi-, family, and the amount paid out for
usual and ordinarv repaus. No deduction shall be
made for any amount, paid out for new bui'din^s,
permanent inipro\ "nients. or betterments made to
increase the value of any property or estate. f>n}r
■<rne deduction of $1,000 shall be tna.de from the aggre-
gate income of all the members of any family com-
