lS69;r
conveyed to her and for which sfee asked com-
pensation was transferred to her as a mere
cover by a rebel owner for the purpose of pro-
tecting it against possible confiscation. At all
events, the character of that claimant was very
different from the" character of Miss Victor.
Hiss Victor was a native of Pennsylvania. At
an early day she removed to Ohio, and from
Ohio emigrated to Louisiana and settled very
near Baton Rouge, where she established -a
seminary and was engaged in the business of
instructing young ladies. She from the begin-
ning has been strictly loyal in word and .in
deed', in conviction, in sympathy, in action;
and¥o far as loyalty'is concerned, there can
b& iso doubt whatever as to the character of
the claimant.
' She waS not a mere neutral in politics. She
did not merely remain at home inactive and
indifferent apparently to the success of the one
party or the other. She was active and ener-
fetic in what she said and did. She devoted
er time to taking care of the sick and wounded
Union soldiers. She showed her faith by her
acts over and over again under circumstances
of difficulty and trial such as would have dis-
couraged and crushed an ordinary woman. Her
•loyalty was active, outspoken, courageous, and
heroic from the beginning to the end. Her
property was taken and much of it destroyed
by the Union Army in the course of theiropera-
tions. I was a little surprised, I must confess,
to hear the Senator from "Wisconsin say that
the case of Miss Victor differed from the case
of Miss Murphey in this, that the property in
the case of Miss Victor was taken and de-
stroyed by the Union Army in the regular course
of the operations of the war. Was not that true
also in the case of Miss Murphey ? Certainly it
was. The property of both these claimants was
taken and destroyed in the regular operations
of war.
Mr. HOWE. I had forgotten that I made
any allusion to Miss Murphey's ease.
Mr. HOWARD. You laid down a principle
which would cover both.
Mr. HOWE. It would not Beat all strange
if I did. I have alluded to it several times
before, [laughter,] but I did not this evening.
Mr. HOWARD. I am perfectly aware 
Mr. HOWE. I only want to remind my
friend from Michigan that the only point on
which I hesitated to recommend the payment
of this claim was that the damage done for
which this bill is reported is first for a build-
ing which was not used by the Government,
but knocked to pieces to give range for our
guns.
Mr. HOWARD. Would you refuse compen-
sation on the ground of the necessity such as
you describe? Would you refuse compensa-
tion because the necessities of war made it
necessary to knock the claimant's building to
pieces for the purpose of giving range to the
guns ?
Mr. HOWE. No; I do not think I would
myself if I was to settle the law, but I under-
stand the law to be settled that the Government
is not to makegoodthe ravages of war, although
they touch your friends; and a great deal
harsher doctrine than that was contended for,
since I was born, on this floor and by that
gentlemau.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to have any
discussion with the Senator respecting abstract
principles. It is sufficient for me that this was
a loyal woman; and superadded to her loyalty
she performed acts useful and advantageous
to the Government and the country, showing
by her acts her devotion to the flag—a thing
which_Miss Murphey did not do.
Now, sir, whenever I find a case of this kind
where, within the rebel country during the
operations of war, a Union -man or Union
womanperformed such acts of devotion to his
or her Government as to leave his or her loyalty
beyond all question, I am willing to render
reasonable compensation ; and this is what I
have always said. I would make it an excep-
tional case. It does not. come strictly within
the rule of war; but because of such merito-
rious. acts and suci meritorious Conduct I
would reward it.
Mr. MORRILL, of VermoBk The only dif-
ference that has been exhibited in this ease
has been, I believe, this: this is a sort of Sue
Murphey case, junior, and whereas the Senator
from Wisconsin was for Sue Murphey, senior,
he is against Sue Murphey, junior, and my
friend from Michigan, who was against" Sue
Murphey, senior, is for Sue. Murphey, junior:
[Laughter.] I trust we may vote to postpone
this question until to-morrow. -1 move that
the bill be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. DA VIS, I understand from the honor-
able Senator from Vermont that theSenator
from Miehigan'has taken the young lady, then.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont.- Certainly.
[Laughtei\]
Mr. DAVIS. Instead of the old one. [Laugh-
ter. ]
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me to say one word
to my skillful and experienced critic from Ver-
mont, who designates this case as a Sue Mur-
phey case, junior, whereas the other case was a
Sue Murphey case, senior. I have endeavored
to shed the light which was necessary to con-
vince his understanding that there was no
analogy between the two cases. It is possible
that I have failed, but I beg to repeat, that while
Sue Murphey was a rebel, while she received
the title of the property that was conveyed to
her from rebel hands, while all her sympathies
were with the rebellion and all her acts evinced
her rebellious proclivities, the condition of
Miss Victor was entirely the reverse, and in-
stead of remaining even a neutral in the rebel
territory she was engaged actively and con-
stantly in rendering essential aid and assistance
to the Union armies by assisting in taking care
of the sick and wounded and defying the rebels.
Now, sir, is this a case of Sue Murphey, senior?
Mr. President, that scorn and that scoff, let me
say to the honorable Senator from Vermont, is
not to be received as argument. It can con-
vince nobody.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to ask
the Senator from Michigan if the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] and the Senator from
Rhode Island [Mr. Axthoxy] were not brought
forward to testify that Sue Murphey was as
loyal as he testifies now to the loyalty of Miss
Victor?
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator from Michi-
gan allow me to answer that question, so far as
one of the Senators alluded to is concerned ?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. I take great pleasure in in-
forming my friend from Vermont that the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin was not brought forward
to testify to any such assertion, and did not
testify to it; but, on the contrary, said that he
had serious doubts about the loyalty of Miss
Murphey, and recommended that the bill be
recommitted to the Committee on Claims to
investigate that question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. But during
the Senator's speech that testimony was intro-
duced, as I understood it, by the Senator from
Rhode Island, and various documents were
read from officers to prove that she was loyal.
Mr. HOWE. A former Committee on Claims
had examined the question of her loyalty, had
become satisfied of it, and had reported that
fact. It was not reported by the Committee
on Claims of which 1 was chairman, but it was
the committee of a former Congress.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I ask the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin—I think we understand
this subject alike—whether the Sue Murphey
case was not this, and argued on the assump-
tion that she was loyal, and that the Govern-
ment was called upon to pay for removing
some of her buildings and occupying the lands
in erecting fortifications? This is another case
where the claimant is loyal but where the Gov-
ernment does not occupy her lands but destroys j
her building in order to make room for the I
play of artillery. I certainly think the Sue |
Murphey case is the stronger, altogether the j.
stronger, on principle, of the two. i
Mr.WiLLEY, The Senator from New Jersey I
is utterly mistaken about this ease. The bill
as reported sglca nothing at all for the property
destroyed to make room for the play of artil 
lery. It is for the use and occupancy of the
property by the United States troops, be.
The principalground of the argument which I
endeavored to make was not to say oue word
abou t damages, but to show that the amount
reported in this bill was net more than a fair
r&stal value of this property, considering the
purposes to which it was appropriated by the
United Stales. —
Mr. COLE. Tien oomes in th« point I
made at the outset, that the sam named in the
bill is too large, because the amount charged
for rent is only half the amount reported,. or
$2,500. ..
Mr., DAVIS, The honorable Senator from
West Virginia [Mr. Willey] and the honor-
able. Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Bote]
satisfied my mind beyoad all doubt that the
claim of Miss Sue Murphey ought to have boea
allowed by the Senate, and to-night the hon-
orable Senator from West Virginia and the
honorable Senator from Michigan [Mr. How-
ard] have produced exactly the same deep
conviction in my mind in relation to the claim
of Miss Mathilda Victor. I think that the
arguments of the gentlemen have irrefragably
established the truth and justice of both claims,
and they ought both to be allowed. . .
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I made a mo*
tion to postpone it until to-morrow.
Mr. CONKLINGL Make it an indefinite
postponement.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I make it
indefinitely. -
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question is on the indefinite postponement of
die bill.
Mr. HOWE called for the yeas and nays ;
and they were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As we are about to put
ourselves on the record, I wish to see if I un-
derstand this case. I listened the other, day
with great interest to the conclusive argument
of the honorable Senator from Michigan to
show, not only by the laws of nations and of
war, fouudedin justiceand the nature of things,
that a claim for the destruction of property in
the course of warlike operations could not be
entertained, but also to show that a claim in
the nature of rent for use and occupation could
not be maintained by a loyal claimant who
resided at the time within the limits of military
operations. He cited authorities; he appealed
to reason; and as far as a complete legal argu-
ment can demonstrate anything he appeared
to me to demonstrate, and the authorities that
he referred'to went to show, that cases of dam-
age in the course of military operations were
further on the other side of the line of recov-
ery than cases of mere occupation which might
be claimed to be in the nature of rent. It
was on that ground or some other—-I sup-
pose that ground—that we recommitted that
bill to the Committee on Claims.
Now I find him, considerably to my aston-
ishment, maintaining a cause which is further
off from the right of recovery than that of Miss
Sue Murphey, assuming the loyalty of.both
ladies. Here, differing from the Murphey case,
instead of the United States merely occupying
property for the convenience of their opera-
tions alter they had taken possession, it appears
from the petition itself—1 have not had time to
read the whole of it—
41 That she continued "—
And I now read from the petition :
"That she continued to occupy the said property
as a school until the 27th day of May, 1852, wheu the
buildings wore damaged by shell and the school
broken up by the bombardment of the town by the
United States naval forces, commanded by Admiral
D. (}. Parragut, when she was compelled to leave.
It then proceeds to say—it is quite long, and
I will not occupy time m reading the rest of
it—that after bombarding her school-house and
seminary and driving her out of town the con-
querors took possession of it and used it, or
some part of it; and that she has been paid
down to a certain time for the rent proper
