ISSS
JSE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
undertKe direction of the officers of the Army;
and now she claims additional rent in the na-
ture of damages 5 that the board of survey,- or
whatever you call it in military operations,
only fixed the rent upon the theory of rent as
suet; and that they failed-to take into consid-
eration.tie fact of the severe use, as the com-
mittee style it; to whiehthe property was put;
that is to say, it was put to the use of toeing a
barracks for Admiral ,Farragut's men in bom-
barding the town, and it was cleared off to
make range for their artillery when they got
possession, according to the statement of the
chairman of the-committee.
I should be glad to know upon what princi-
ple it is that the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan—and he always has some good distinction
in his own mind, and I speak seriously for in-
formation—reconciles the claim, stated as this
is in the petition, with the law that he so thor-
oughly demonstrated to my mind the other
day. I pause for a reply.
Mr. HOWARD. I endeavored to state
when I was up before the ground upon which
I put this claim. First, I will repeat what the
ground was not. It was not because this lady
was at heart a loyal lady, but remained neutral
and inactive during the war in her neighbor-
hood. If that had been her attitude 1 could
not vote for the claim. But instead of remain-
ing neutral, inactive, utterly inefficient in re-
spect tothecauseof the Government, this lady
was active, and devoted herself and rendered
lier services for the benefit of the Union-cause
in a rebel country, thus incurring great risk and
bringing upon herself great perplexity, great
trouble, great difficulty, by her devotion to the
flagof thecountry. And I say again that where
I find a person who has actually rendered such
services to the country, evinced by acts of devo-
tion so decided and patriotic, I will, as a meas-
ure of generosity, not to say justice, make good
the loss of such a person. The principles of
the law of war which I insisted upon in regard
to the case of Sue Murphey are undoubtedly
the true principles, as general principles ; but
this, as I remarked before, is an exceptional
case where the claimant has actually rendered
important service and shown great devotion in
the midst of great difficulties to the common
cause. I put it, not upon the ground of law, not
upon the ground of international law or right,
but upon the ground of common justice and
common gratitude to the claimant. I trust that
the Senator does not now misunderstand me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand now that it
is put upon the ground of a bounty, so to
speak, on account of the eminent services that
this lady rendered in support of the war. If
it were put upon that ground in the bill, and it
could be demonstrated that that ground was
tenable in point of fact, it would present an
entirely different question from what we have
here; but the petition does not put it upon any
such ground ; the facts set out in the report do
not put it on any such ground; the report of
the committee, as far as I have had time to
read it, does not put it upon any such ground;
and it is only, as it seems to me, the opinion,
the sentiment of good will, of admiration for
patriotism _ which is embosomed in my friend
from Michigan that induces him to put it upon
any such ground. If we had a distinct bill
here for a bounty for services rendered by this
lady in the southern States during the rebel-
lion, and should investigate the facts and find
that her services had been so extraordinary, so
much greater than those of thousands of other
Union people there, then it would be a ques-
tion whether she ought to have a gratuity or a
bounty given to her. But the only thing that
appears in her petition is what I read before.
She makes a claim against us, having been paid
her rent, or the largest part of it at the time
as rent, that the damages that were done to
her property were of such an excessive and
extraordinary nature, by beingbombarded, that
she is entitled to further compensation, which,
as a matter of convenience and adroitness, she
prefers to style "rent and damages."
Then, as to her service, it does appear here
in the letter of a Mr. Elliott, a lieutenant
colonel, as follows:
" Immediately after general Williams landed Miss
Victor called on. him and through me tendered the
use of her academy for soldiers."
I do not think that was a very great stretch
of benignity on the part of this lady, after we
had to take the town through a battle and had
marched in and the house, as she claims, had
been badly knocked to pieces and her students
had all gone. I do not think it was any great
concession, I must say, on the part of this pa-
triotic lady to tender the use of this conquered
seminary to the commanding general who had
just conquered it to let the soldiers come in
and sleep over night. But then she did some-
thing else, it seems:
' " I know of her house having been used for some
weeks and her servant having done all the cooking
for-some dozen patients without any compensation."
If the committee will change this into a bill
to pay Miss Victor the proper compensation
for her servant having cooked for a dozen sol-
diers for some weeks, then it will be a fair sub-
ject for consideration. But all this—my friend
from Michigan must pardon me for saying-it
as to everybody but himself—must be an after-
thought. The petition does not pretend to put
it upon any such ground. There is no fact
upon which you can base it in this paper which
would warrant putting it on any such ground.
My friend goes very far in his sympathy for this
lady, and she certainly has mine ; and if it were
my money, as some members of committees
frequently say, and I had enough of it, I should
be glad to pay her claim and everybody else's;
but it is not; it is the people's money.
We have here a case on the report of the
committee that is perfectly bare of the distin-
guishing features upon which it was attempted
in the Murphey case to take that claim out of
the acknowledged principles of law and justice
relating to belligerent operations. This is
flatly within the very authorities that my friend
from Michigan read; and that he seems to con-
cede, by changing the ground and attempting
to put it upon the fact that she graciously per-
mitted the soldiers to occupy this house in a
conquered town and that her servant cooked
for a dozen soldiers for some weeks.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the indefinite postponement of the
bill, on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 1G ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell.Conness, Corbett, Edmunds.
Frehnghuvsen. Harlnn. Howe, Morgan, Stewart,
Vickers, Williams, and Wilson—12.
NAYS—Messis. Buekalew, Cole, Cragin. Davis,
Fowler, Howard, McCreerv. Nye, Osborn, Ramsey,
Rice, Ross, Tipton, Van Winkle, Wade, and Wil-
ley—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott. Anthony, Bayard. Cam-
eron, Chandler, Conkhng. Dixon, Doolittle, Drake,
Ferry. Fe«senden, Grimes, Harris, Henderson, Hend-
ricks, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
ot "Vermont. Morton. Norton, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Pool,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sherman, Sreneer,
S Prague, Sumner, Thayer, Trumbull, W arner, W elch,
Whyte, and Yates—38.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. There is no
quorum voting.
Mr. NYE. I move that the absentees be
sent for.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 26, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
sundry civil appropriation bill.
Mr. SPALDING, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2008)
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1870, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and made the
special order for to-morrow, and from, day to
day until disposed of.
personal explanation.
Mr. PETTIS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. The Daily Globe, in the proceedings of
day before yesterday, represents me as voting
in the negative upon the passage of the bill to
strengthen the public credit and to legalize
gold contracts, reported from the Committee
of Ways and Means by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck.] I voted in the affirm-
ative on that bill, and ask that the Journal, be
corrected if it records my vote as it is recorded
in the Globe.
The SPEAKER. The Journal willbe cor-'
rected, if there is any error in it.
order op business.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Ap-
propriations desire to finish the deficiency ap-
propriation bill, which was not completed last
evening.
Mr. LAFLIN. I object.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of resuming the consid-
eration of the deficiency bill in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. LAFLIN. I will withdraw the objec-
tion if it is understood that I have the floor
after the deficiency bill is finished.
Mr. CHANLER. There is no quorum here,
and we will have a division on the question.
The SPEAKER. There can be no under-
standing as to the assignment of the floor.
Mr. LAFLIN. Then I withdraw the objec-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is very much
embarrassed in regard to privileged questions
at this period of the session, but in the pres-
sure of public business at the close of the ses-
sion it is usual to give the appropriation bills
priority, and if there is no objection the defi-
ciency bill will be given priority to-day.
No objection being made, itwas so ordered.
printing of evidence.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask to have printed the
testimony taken before the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs of officers of the Army in regard
to the reduction of the Army and the accom-
panying report of the committee.
There was no objection ; and the order to
print was made.
Mr. KERR. I would ask the House to make
an order that the evidence taken by the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, in reference to the
navigation of the Ohio river, may be printed.
It is very important.
There was 110 objection, and the order Was
made.
postal laws.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a bill to
amend the postal laws, for the purposeof put-
ting it upon its passage.
Mr. LAFLIN. I object.
Mr. CHANLER. I call for the regular order.
order of business.
Mr. PERHAM. If the motion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. ScoiFBLD,]
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the deficiency bill should pre-
vail, what will become of the opportunity that
the Committee on Invalid Pensions were ex-
pecting in this morning hour to make reports?
We have some bills which we feel that it is
absolutely necessary to pass before the ad-
journment, and we very much desire a little
time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated some
time since that in the great press of business
before the House there would probably be no
more morning hours except on Monday, when
the morning hour is absolutely reserved by th«
rules against unanimous consent being asked,
or a suspension of the rules. The House was
acting under the operation of the previous
question upon the legislative, &c., appropri-
