1M
im a©M>BissioMAii iGLom
1M9
ation.bill, which was postponed by unanimous
consent to go into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, to finish the deficiency
bill.
Mr. PERHAM. I give notice that at some
favorable opportunity I will endeavor to get
the floor to have some time assigned for the
consideration of. reports from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Vax
TRTJMP'from the evening session of to-night en
account of sickness.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I now insist on the motion
that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole to proceed to the con-
sideration of the deficiency appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole (Mr. Price in the
chair) and proceeded to the cdnsideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 1911) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 30,1869, and for other
purposes.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill
for amendments.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am instructed by the
Committee on Appropriations to offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in at the end of
line one hundred and fifty-three :
To supply deficiency in the appropriation for light-
ing the Capitol and President's Houso, and the pub-
lic grounds around them acid arouud the executive
offices, $12,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MULLINS. I offer the following amend-
ment :
For custom-house and post office building at Nash-
ville, Tennessee, $20,000.
I desire to say a few words in addition to
what I said last night in regard to the merits
of this case. The Government is laying out
of the use of $100,000 which was appropri-
ated about fifteen years ago, and is paying in
addition to the loss of that fund $1,500 an-
nually as rent for a building for the post office,
which is very illy fitted for that purpose. The
ground there belonging to the Government is
used as a common. The building material
that was got together previous to the war has
been wasted away measurably, and now is an
auspicious time for the Government to pro-
vide for a suitable building at this point.. A
building for a custom-house and post office at
Nashville is unmistakably needed, and the
amount I propose to appropriate is far less
than has been appropriated for a similar pur-
pose at other places since this bill has been
under consideration, or even for years past.
And is it possible jthat Tennessee is to stand
here and no be ignored in this character and
style for to other reason than because she is
Tennessee? I can see no other reason for it.
The argument is that the Department has not
made a demand that this should be done. I
will reply to that argument that in all human
probability, as the parties stand now related to
the property occupied and rented for the pres-
ent post office business and all the Departments
on one side of politics, you never will have a
request for an appropriation there, because
parties are interested in the renting of this
property and are now possibly getting one
hundred per cent, more from the Government
thap they could get from other parties.
This is not fit property for the business done
or intended to be carried on by the Government
there; it is only fit to be a drunken grocery.
'1 he lot that is paid for in part by the Govern-
ment is one ofthe most eligible sites in the
city. It is a point that all parties are satisfied
with and will be satisfied with, I trust the
appropriation will be made.
Mr. SCOFIELD. There has been no esti-
mate for the appropriation covered by this
amendment. Xo Department of the Govern-
ment asks for it. I hope the amendment will
not be agreed to.
The question was taken on the amendment
of Mr. Mulijns ; and it was not agreed to—
ayes twenty-six, noes not counted.
Mr. WINDOM. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after the four paragraphs,
under the heading "Post Office Department:"
For construction of custom-house at St. Paul,
Minnesota, $23,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the point of order
that this is for the commencement of a new
work.
Mr. WINDOM. It is not; it is estimated
for as other custom-houses wefe for which we
made appropriations last year. It stands upon
precisely the same footing as did those that
were voted in by the Committee of the Whole
last night. I ask for but half the amount esti-
mated for by the Department. This building
is now under construction, and, as I have
already stated, it is upon precisely the same
basis as the amendments we adopted last night.
I desire my amendment to stand with those
already made or to fall with them.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Thisamendmentisoffered
under the estimates of the Post Office Depart-
ment. I suppose if the Committee of the
Whole are to put it in this bill we ought to go
back to where we started this morning and
have all the amendments of this character
grouped together.
Mr. WINDOM. Let me state why I did
not put it in there.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask unanimous con-
sent that if any of these appropriations for
buildings estimated for by the Department are
adopted at this place they may be transferred
to the part of the bill where similar amend-
ments were inserted last night.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I shall object to that
unless the gentleman will permit debate upon
these amendments. Debate was closed upon
the paragraph under consideration last night.
Amendments offered to the paragraph now
under consideration will be open to debate,
while if they are offered to the other para-
graph they cannot be debated.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If my request be acceded
to all these amendments will be open to dis-
cussion just the same.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then I will not object.
No objection being made, it was ordered
accordingly.
The question was upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Windost.
Mr. SCOFIELD. In relation to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota,
[Mr. Wisdom,] 1 will say that it stands upon
the same footing as the amendments adopted
by the Committee of the Whole last night.
The Department estimated for a deficiency of
$50,000. The gentleman from Minnesota moves
that fifty per cent, of the estimate be appro-
priated, as was done in the other cases. Al-
though I am opposed to all these amendments,
if any of these amendments are to be adopted
I suppose this should be.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend the
amendment by decreasing the amount asked
for to $10,000. I move this amendment for
the purpose of saying that I hold in my hand
the report of the supervising architect of all
those buildings, from which it appears that for
this custom-house at St. Paul, Minnesota, there
is available of the amount appropriated in the
annual appropriation bill of last year a sum
of over twenty-seven thousand dollars not yet
expended. That, I think, is a sufficient amount
for the balance of this fiscal year.
Mr. WINDOM. Does the architect state
that that is a sufficient amount for the balance
of this year, or is it merely an inference of the
gentleman ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The architect states that
there was expended some fil'ty-seven thousand
dollars, and that there remains unexpended the
sum of twenty-seven thousand dollars and over.
Mr. WINDOM, What is the date of that
report?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The date of the report
is October 31, 1868,
Mr, WINDOM. This work is in precisely
the same position as the others. There was a
surplus at that ti me.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Chairman, this bill,
it must be>remembered, is a detioieucy bill. It
is not the a an ual appropriati on bill. We ttiade
liberal appropriations for all these works last
year; and as to all of them orn early all of
them there is a balance of appropriation yet
unexpended. In no instance is there any sus-
pension of work in consequence of the want
of funds. On one or two of these custom-
houses there has been a suspension of wort for
other causes, but no suspension for want of
funds. In the case of the court-house at
Springfield there is a balance unexpended ;
and for the court-house at Cairo; Illinois, for
which we appropriated last night $25,000,
there is an unexpended balance of over twenty-
five thousand dollars—sufficient, I apprehend,
for the continuation of the work. If it is neces-
sary to appropriate for these works we can da
so in the regular appropriation bill for the
fiscal year ending Jane 30, 1870; but to add
to the large appropriations made last year these
that are now asked in this deficiency bill is
not, it strikes me, required by any exigencies
of the public service. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
On the amendment of Mr. Windom there
were—ayes 30, noes 45 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wisdom, and
Mr. Benjamin were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 64, noes 56.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. AXTELL. I move to amend by insert-
ing the following:
For constructing branch mint building at San
Francisco, $125,000.
I desire to say to gentlemen of the commit-
tee that this appropriation stands upon pre-
cisely the same ground as the others that have
been adopted both last night and to-day. The
estimate for this work is $250,000. Since 1866
the site has been procured and the foundation
has been laid, the stone is being quarried and
the work is going on. We have still on hand
some money that we are using. The super-
vising architect has estimated that $250,000
will be required for this year. But in accord-
ance with the understanding arrived at in this
House, that at this time we will not ask more
than one half the estimated amounts for works
of this kind, the object being that the works
may not be discontinued and go to decay, I
have named in the amendment $125,000, and
I hope the committee will adopt the amend-
ment.
Let me add a few words as to the necessity
of this appropriation. During the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1868, the mint at San Fran-
cisco coined $15,072,000, while during the
same period the Mint at Philadelphia coined
$5,998,137. I make this comparison for the
purpose of showing the committee that our mint
transacts a very large amount of business.
During the fiscal year ending June 80, 1866,
there was refined in California bullion to the
amount of $49,020,250, on which the tax paid
to the Government was $294,121 50, while in
Pennsyivan iathe amount of bullion refined was
only $4,044,218, on which the tax paid to the
Government was $29,265 31.
The building at present occupied as our mint
is very small, being only sixty feet square. ^ It
was not originally constructed fora mint build-
ing. It is inconveniently situated upon a by
streetin a disagreeable and unwholesome neigh-
borhood. But above all it is insufficient in
size. We are compelled to hire for storage
and for offices of the superintendent other
buildings, some adjoining and some in differ-
ent parts of the city, at an expense to the Gov-
ernment of $1,000 in gold monthly, or $12,000
per annum. This is not a matter that concerns
more the citizens of San Francisco than the
other citizens of the United States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
