1869,
TOT CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the assessor or assistant assessor a fall and true ac-
count of said succession for the tax whereon he shall
be accountable, and of the value of the real estate
involved, and of the deductions claimed by him,
together, with tho names of the successor and prede-
cessor and their relation to each Other, and all such
other particulars as shall be necessary or proper for
enabling the assistant assessor fully and correctly to
ascertain the taxes due; and the assessor or assistant
assessor, if satisfied with such account and estimate
as originally delivered, or with any amendments
that may be m.ide therein upon his requisition, may
assess the succession tax oh the footing of such ac-
count and estimate; but "the assessor or assistant
assessor, if dissatisfied with such 'ftccouiit', or if no
account and estimate shall be delivered to him, may
assess the taac on th« best information he oan obtain,
subject-to appeal,,as hereinafter provided? and if
the tax so assessed shall exceed the tax assessable
according to the return made to the assessor or as-
sistant assessor, and with which he shall have been
dissatisfied, or if no account and estimate has been
delivered, and if no appeal shall be taken against
such assessment, then it shall be in the discretion of
the assessor, having regard to thebiSritsof each case,
to assess the whole or any part of the expenses inci-
dent'to thetaUing- of such assessment, in addition to
such tax; and if there shall be an appeal againstsuch
last mentioned assessment, then the payment of such
expenses shall be in the discretion of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. J
Sec. 284. And be it further enacted, That if any per-
son required to give my such: notice or deliver each
account, as aforesaid,shall willfully neglect to do so
within the time required by law, he shall,upon con-
viction thereof), be fined not less than fifty dollars
nor more than $600; and if any person liable to pay
any tax in respect of his succession shall. aXte^ such
tax shall havebeen finally ascertained, willfu ly ncg-
lect to pay such tax within ten days after being noti-
fied, he shfclJL also pay to the United States ton per
cent, upon the amount of tax so unpaid, at the same
time and'ia tho same manner as the tax to be col-
lected. 1 •
Sisc, 2§6.- And be it further enacted. That any person
liable to pay tax in respect of his sucession, who shall
be dissatisfied with the assessment of the assistant
assessor, may, within thirty days after the date of
such assessment, appeal to the assessor from such
assessment, who shall decide on such appeal, and
give notice thereof to such person, who, if still dis-
satisfied. may, within twenty days after notice as
aforesaid, appeal from such decision to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, and furnish a statement
ol' the grounds ot such appeal to the Commissioner,
whose decision upon the case, as presented by the
statements ot the assessor or assistant assessor and
such person, shall be final.
Sec. 286. And be it further enacted. That the-Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue is hereby authorized,
in his discretion, to designate an assistant assessor
in ev^ry collection district, whose special duta shall
be to examine the public records or registry of titles,
wills, or other evidences of ownership of any lega-
cies or distributive shares or successions within sueh
district, and to make, by the 10th day of each month,
and return to the assessor of the proper district, a
list in proper form of the names of all persons liable
to any tax under the provisions of this act relating
to legacies or distributive shares or succession, so
found during the month next preceding, together
with a description of the property passing, or which
may have passed or shall pass, to such person or per-
sons. And where such property shall be real estate,
the placo where such real estate is situated shall also
be set forth in said list, and if in any district other
than that where such examination shall- have been
made, the assessor shall transmit a list of the names
of such person orpersons, together with a description
of such real estate, to the assessor of the district in
which such real estate is situated.
Skc. 287. And be it further enacted, That when any
tax is imposed, and the mode or time of assessment
or collection is not provided for, the same shall bo
established by regulation of the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue; and the Commissioner is author-
ized to make all such regulations, not otherwise pro-
vided for, as may become necessary by reason of any
change of law in relation to internal revenue made
by this act.
Seu. 288. And be, it further enacted, fhat where not
otherwise distinctly expressed or manifestly incom-
patible with the intent thereof, the word4 person,"
as used in this act, shall be construed to mean and
include a firm, partnership, association, company, or
corporation, as well as a natural person; and words
of the masculine gender, as applied to persons, to
mean and include the feminine gender; andtheein-
frular number to mean and include the plural num-
ber; and the word "State" to mean and include a
Territory and District of Columbia; and_ the word
"county" to mean and include parish, district, or
other equivalent territorial subdivision of a State.
The last section of the bill was then read as
follows:
Seo. 289. And be U further enacted, Thatthefollow-
ing acts of Congress are hereby repealed, to wit: the
act of July 1,1862, entitled "An act to provide inter-
nal revenue to support the Oovernment and to pay
interest on the public debt;" also, the act of July 16.
1362, entitled "An act to impose an additional duty
on sugars produced in the United Statesalso, the
act of December 25,1862. entitled "An act to amend
an act entitled VAftaetto provide internal revenue
to support the Government and to-Pay interest on
the public debt/approved July 1,1862?" also, the
act of March 3,1863, entitled "An act to amend an
act entitled 'An act to provide internal revenue to
40th Cong. 3d Sess.— No. 54.
support the Government and psty interest on tho
public debt.' approved July 1. 1862, and for other
purposes;" also the twenty-fcdrth and twenty-fifth
sections ot the aot of July It, 1862, entitled "An act
increasing temporarily the dutiei on imports, andfor
other purposes;7' also, the second section of the act
of March 3/1863, entitled "An act to prevent and
punish frauds upon the revenue, to provide for the
more certain and speedy collection of claims in
favor of the United States, and for other purposes,"
so far -as the same applies to officers of inter-
nal r&venue; and also, the aot of Maroh7,186i, enti-
tled "An act to increase the internal revenue, and
for other purposesalso, the aot of June 30,1864,
entitled' An act to provide ways and menus for
tho support of the Government, and for othetf pur-
poses;" also an aot to amend said last-named act,
approved March 3.1865; also, the act approved July
13, 1860, entitled "An act to reduce internal taxation,
and to amend an act entitled'An act to provide inter-
nal revenue to support the Government, to pay in-
terest on the public debt, and for other purposes,'
approved June 30,1864, and acts amendatory there-
of," except sections one, two, three, four, five,-seven,
and eight, which said sections, and all acts neeessary
to make them effective, are reserved in force only a-s
to all cotton grown in.the Dnited States prior to tho
year 1868, except, also, seotion sixty-six of soid act;
also, an act entitled "An act to amend existing laws
relating to internal revenue, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 2, 1867, excopt so nnaeh of
the simho as imposes a tax of two and one half oents
per pound ou raw cottons; also, an aot entitled "An
act to exempt wrapping paper made from wood
or corn-stalks from internal tux, and for otherpuv-
poses." approved Maroh 26,1837; also tlie aot enti-
tled "An act to exempt certain manufactures from
internal tax, and for other purposes," approved
March 31,1868, except section of said act, to-
gether with all acts and parts of acts inconsistent
herowith : Provided. That all the provisions of said
acts shall be in force for levying and colleotinjj all
taxes properly assessed or liable to be assessed, or
accruing under the provisions oftormeraetsordraw-
backs, tho right to which has already accrued or which
may hereafter accrue under said acts, and for main-
taining and continuing liens, fines, penalties, and
forfeitures incurred under and by virtue thereof. And
for carrying out and complctinjraH proceedings which
have been already commenced or that may be com-
menced to enforce such fines, penalties, and forfeit-
ures, orcriminnl proceedings under said acts, andfor
the punishment of crimes ot which any party shall be
or has been found guilty; And provided further. That
no office created by thesaidacts and continued by this
actshall bevacated byreasonofanyprovisionsherein
contained, but the officers heretofore appointed shall
continuo to hold the said offices without reappoint-
ment until their successors or other officers to per-
form their duties, respectively, shall be appointed as
provided in this act; And provided further. That
whenever the dutyimposed by any existinglawshall
cease in consequence of any limitation therein con-
tained before the respective provisions of this act
shall take effect, the same duty or tax shall be, and
is hereby, continued until such provisions of this act
shall take effect; and where any act is hereby re-
pealed no duty or tax imposed thereby shall be held
to eease in consequence of such repeal until the
respective corresponding provisions of this act shall
take effect: And provided further, That all manu-
factures and productions on which a duty or tax was
imposed by either of tho acts repealed by this act,
which shall be in the possession of the manufacturer
or producer, or of his agent or agents on tho day
when this act takes effect, the duty or tax imposed
by any such former aot not having been paid, shall
be held and deemed to have been manufactured or
produced after such date; and whenever by tho
terms of this act a duty or tax is imposed upon any
articles, goods, wares, or merchandise manufactured
or produced upon which no duty or tax wasimposcd
by eitherof said former sets it shall apply tosu?b as
were manufactured or produced and not removed
from the place of manufacture or production on the
day when this act takes effect.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is a blank in this
section. I have not now the information to
enable me to move the correct figure to fill the
blank. I ask unanimous consent to be per-
mitted to make the motion when this subject is
again considered in Committee of the Whole.
No objection was made.
Mr. PETERS. Has the reading of this bill
been concluded ?
The CHAIRMAN. The reading of the bill
has been concluded, except such portions as
were passed over by general consent for action
at some other time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the commit-
tee now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Blaine
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore,
Mr. Scofield reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had, ac-
cording to order, had under consideration the
bill (H. E. No. 1060) to reduce into one act
and to amend the laws relating to internal
taxes, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. SCHENCK. Returning my profound
thank? to thosemerabers who halve remained
here, I now move-that ft he House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at ten o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned; ■ •
Petitions, Etc. ,
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees; ' ,
By Mr. BECK: A petition of merchants and
dealers in distilled spirits residing in Bourbon
county, Kentucky, praying for a modification
of the law of July 20, 1868, especially as to
the time of withdrawal from bond' and trans-
portation to market.
By Mr. BUTLER, pf Massachusetts: The
petition of Anthony D. Havely, a private of
company H, thirty-first regiment Massachu-
setts volunteers, for relief.
By Mr. ELA; JTie petition of Benjamin
Ctieever and 11 others, voters, of Portsmouth,
New Hampshire, that in any change of the
Constitution to regulate suffrage there jshall be
no distinction made between men and women.
By Mr. HULBURD : The petition of. John
Hargrove and others, citizens of Madrid, New-
York, for an amendment of the Constitution
recognizing a Supreme Being, &c.
By Mr. IvOONTZ : A petition of tlie officers
and trustees of Pennsylvania Cojlege, at Get-
tysburg, Adams county, Pennsylvania, asking
that the bequest of David Pearson, late of the
city of Philadelphia, to said college fpr t^e
endowment of a professorship in said college
be exempt from. the legacy or successiQn tax
thereon under existing laws.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition of John F.
Bodine and 88 others, citizens of Williams-
town, New Jersey, praying an amendment of
the Constitution recognizing Almighty God in
the government of the nation.
By Mr. MUNGEN: The petition of J. M.
Shaw, postmaster at St. Johns, Ohio, and 150
others, for the. establishment of a post route
from Dinstnore Stationto Freyburg.in the State
of Ohio, in place of route No. 9373.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of C. M.
Mears, iate of company K, fourteenth Indiana
volunteers, praying for an extension of his
pension.
By Mr/POLSLEY; A petition from mem-
bers of the bar of Greenbrier county, West
Virginia, against the removal of the circuit
court of tho United States from Parkersburg
to Wheeling.
By Mr. SCHENCK: A petition of 230 citi-
zens of Dayton, Montgomery county, Ohio,
praying Congress to abolish the franking priv-
ilege.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 4, 1809.
Prayer by Itev, E. II. Ghay, D, D.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by uriati-.
imous consent, the reading of tho Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
CRTOBSTIAI.S.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the credentials of Hon. Thomas W. Tiptojt,
elected by the Legislature of Nebraska a Sen-
ator from that State for the term commencing
March 4, 1869; which were read, and ordered
to be filed.
Mr. NYE presented the credentials of Hon.
William M. Stewart, elected by the Legisla-
ture of Nevada a Senator from that State for
the term commencing March 4, 1869; which
were read, and ordered to be filed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
petition of citizens of Ohio, praying an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
that will secure to citize.ns in whatever State
they may reside equal political rights and privi-
leges, including the right of suffrage and eli-
gibility tcs office without distinction on account
