1869.
Ml CONGRESSIONAL GlOlfe
mi
basis of carrying on the war in the Indian
country the mules were ahead. I do not be-
lieve that that position can be taken with any
credit before the people of this country or
that the reputation of the Army of the United
States is safe in the hands of this Committee
on Appropriations. Either great stupidity or
great dishonesty is at the base of this whole
matter. Either the Committee on Appropria-
tions are determined to draw from the Treas-
ury of the United States a certain net sum Tor
expenses that cannot be justified before the
country or they do no't know the facts of the
case. Either they are acting in complicity or
in ignorance,and it is not satisfactory to this
side of the House, however unanimous they
may be upon the other side with regard to such
■extravagance of public expenditure, it is not
enough to assert upon this floorthat thelndian
war is to cause all of this extravagance. Up-
ward of nineteen million dollars have been spent
in carrying on a border warfare which in the
time of Daniel Boone was committed to the
people on the frontier with much more suc-
cess and with greater economy. From the
coast of the Atlantic to the base of the Rocky
mountains the American people have carried
on their own war against the Indian tribes with
magnificent success with no thanks to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations; and I ask from the
party in power that they stop ruining the
people under the pretext of being led by their
■officers to battle when the men who steal the
money are here in this Capitol, and women
with them, organized in a state of demoraliza-
tion unequaled in the history of this or any
other country. Sir, this is a time to stop.
This Government is rotting at the base. And
■when you have just elected a great soldier for
your Chief Magistrate to bring in this plun-
dering scheme to cover up your past discrep-
ancies and perhaps political crimes is a futile
effort in the lace of the criticism which should
be directed against you by the press and people
'of the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MULL1NS. I rise to debatefhis ques-
tion only for the purpose of replying to the
remarks made by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Chasler.] I ofcourse have nothing
to do with the Committee on Appropriations
more than any other member of this House.
But I cannot sit herein my seat and hear mem-
bers who stand unimpeached by anybody or
any character of a man calling himself a man
■accused of being in complicity, eitherin ignor-
ance or in crime, with the Army that is fight-
ing the battle of freedom and of civilization.
The gentleman from New York seems to inti-
mate that the Army is in complicity with one
of the committees of this House, the Commit-
tee on Appropriations ; and he says that not
-only is the Committee on Appropriations either
ignorant or in complicity with the Army, but
■the Government is rotten to the very heart.
-God knows if the Government is rotteu to the
heart that gentleman must be the core.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CHANLER, (amid cries of " Order 1 "
and laughter.) I did not say the heart of the
Republican party, because that party has no
■heart,
Mr. MULLINS. Why on earth all this
tirade ?
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Chairman, [cries of
"Older!"] I wish to correct my allusion to
mules; I did not mean any Tennessee mule.
Mr. MULLINS. Icaunotstop to'beannoyed
and nibbled at by rats—not now. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. CHANLER. The public interest.
[Cries of " Order I "]
Mr. MULLINS. '1 he Committee'on Appro-
priations are unimpeachable in their Attitude
before the country ; and yet their character
as a class and a committee is dragged in here
and assailed until, if the statements made are
taken as matters of fact, they should be expelled
from this House.
Mr. CHANLER. I rise to a question of
order.
• 40th Cqno. 3d Sess.—No. 101.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman .  ill
state his point of order.
Mr. CHANLER. My point of order Is that
the question before the House is not the frauds
on the Tennessee school fund.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Mcxlijts] will proceed.
Mr. MULLINS. I am trying to clear the
brush out of the way that has been thrown in
the way, without any cause and without any
sense, as I suppose, or any intentional mean-
ing to be applied as an argument to the ques-
tion under discussion. As to the meaning of
the complaint that the gentleman makes in
regard to the Army having employed mules
instead of horses, I can see but little reason
or sense in the argument that he makes upon
it. I think an Indian is as nigh a mule as the
other gentleman is to a horse. [Laughter.]
And we should fight them with anything we
can get hold of if it becomes necessary. We
should not only fight them with mules, but
with the long-eared stock. And I know where
you can go and get hundreds of them at a very
low price. [Laughter.] I trnst the commit-
tee will be sustained in their position.
The question was taken upon the amendment
of Mr. Chanler; and it was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For transportation of officers' baggage, $100,000.
.For transportation of the Army and its supplies,
$7,000,000.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to amend the last
clause read by reducing the amount from
$7,000,000 to $6,000,000. I do this for the
purpose of calling attention to some remarks
that I madeatthe last session of Congress upon
this subject of Army appropriation. I am not
satisfied with this item ; it is too large an item
for a deficiency bill. Therefore, I want inform-
ation in regard to it, if the Committee on Ap-
propriations are disposed to give that informa-
tion to the House. I said last summer, when
the Army appropriation bill was under consid-
eration, that if the Committee on Appropria-
tions reduced the estimates as they proposed
we would be met with a heavy deficiency bill
this winter. I charged then, and I believe I
was right, that the Committee on Appropria-
tions was shrinking from their plain duty in
failing to appropriate the amount necessary to
carry the Army through the current year. And
I also charged that that failure was in view of
the then pending elections. In reply to thatl
was met by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Blaise,] who had charge of the bill at that time,
by the statement that I merely desired to be
considered a prophet, and to be able to say this
winter, whatever the deficiency that might be
brought in, " I told you so." I uowrespond by
saying that I did tell the country so, and I wish
to remind them now of the fact; my statements
then have been verified by subsequent facts.
I charged then, and I repeat the charge now,
that the appropriations were nndnly cut down
in view of the approaching elections, and the
effect desired to be produced upon the people ;
and I have been supported in that view by re-
marks made the other day by the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr.
Schexck,] who informed the House that the
proposition to tax the interest of the bonds of
the United States was adopted by this House
in view of the elections last fall. A speech of
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] was
circulated throughout theceunbry last fall a3 a
campaign 'document on the Republican side,
claiming that far the current year great reduc-
tions in the expenditures had been made, and
among other things that extraordinary reduc-
tions had been made in the cost of the Army.
In reply to this speech I charged that his figures
were deceptive and unreliable, and greatly
understated our actual expenses. Now, when the
test of time is applied to these mutual estimates
and predictions we are met with a-demand
for nearly twenty million dollars to meet defi-
ciencies in the appropriations of kst session,
more than two thirds of which is for the Army
alone.
Now, sir, I desire that members of this House
and the people of thte country shall be i*-
minded of the fact that in the appeals made
the people last' fall by the representatives Si
the party now in power in Congress and about
to assume the power of the entire administra-
tion, in the professions of retrenchment an<J
reform then made by that party, they did net
disclose to the country the true amount of the
. . ding J
rying on the Army. This, I submit, is not the
true way of legislating in a country like ours
where the power comes from the people, and
where the people are entitled to full informa-
tion upon all questions affecting their interest^
Whatever the amount' of money required, "yd
should inform the people in advance and meet
our responsibilities like men. We should ap-
propriate the amount really required, whether
there be an election pending or not. We
should not, because an election is pending,
appropriate a smaller amount than that we
know to be necessary for the public service
and afterward propose to appropriate as a de-
ficiency half as much again. Why, sir, the
amount we are now called upon to appropriate as
a deficiency for the Army is nearly fourteen mil-
lion dollars, almost half as much as was appro-
priated last summer to carry on the Army for
the current year, thus exhibiting a deficiency
of almost fifty per cent., which, so far as my
knowledge extends, is unprecedented.
Mr. HIGBY. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether he believes it to be possible to esti-
mate with perfect accuracy the expenses of
such an Army as ours.
Mr. NIBLACK. Why, Mr. Chairman, the
most inexperienced member of this House, i 
view of the well-understood facts, must have
known and doubtless did know last summer
that the amount then appropriated was too
small to support the number of men in oajr
Army. We had only to recur to the history ©f
the expenses of the Army to satisfy ourselves
of that proposition.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I am un-
willing to take up the very valuable time of the
House by political discussion upon so import-
ant a bill as this. I am sorry to hear the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] confess
that at the last session he and his friends, for
political purposes, for the puTpose of charging
extravagance upon the Republican party, voted
for the largest appropriations. I ara sorry-,
too, that the gentleman charges that we on this
side of the House, in our efforts to restrain the
Departments—Departments in sympathy with
the gentleman politically—and to make as smaS
appropriations as possible in hope of inducing
■economy, had no other purpose than a political
one. If the gentleman means to say that our
purpose was to satisfy the people that we were
■endeavoring to be as economical as possible,
and making smaller appropriations than his
prodigal Administration recommended, he is
undoubtedly correct. We not only wanted to
•satisfy the people that we were struggling for
that purpose, but we have endeavored to ac-
complish that purpose. We not only sought ta
put ori on appearance of economy, but we have
shown, as we think, that we actually were anx-
ious to secure an economical administration.
And now the gentleman says that alter the
election is over we come in with a deficiency
bill. Why, sir, if we had not made our appro-
priations so small at that time we should have
had almost as large a deficiency bill now. Ihe
very fact that we made the appropriation
and notified the President a,nd his prodigal offi-
cers that they must get along with that sum
has resulted in a less expenditure. _As I stated
before, the continuance ol the Indian war has
made it necessary to appropriate now a larger
urn than we had hoped would be necessary.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to amend the
amendment so as to increase the amount of
the appropriation $600,000.
Mr. Chairman, this is the first time I ever
heard it pharged that the War Department
during the last four years has been in sympa-
