THE eO^&RESSIO&AL- £LQfiE>-
February
thy mffi the party to whipli I belong. On the
contrary,1 think the evidence is overwhelm-
ing: that the sympathies of the War Depart-
p'ent, so far as it has had any political sympa-
thies, have been against that party. The esti-
mates for the Army last year, "to which the
gentleman has referred, were, if I remember
§orrectly, made by General Grant, then act-
ing Secretary of War, and not by any one in
sympathy with the party to which I belong.
"When the gentleman says I have admitted
fhat we for political purposes voted for large
Appropriations he has" either misunderstood
*what f have said or he desires to place me in
S 'fiilse position. I made no such admission.
I seldom vote to increase appropriations rec-
ommended by the Committee of Ways and
Means for any purpose. But what I charged
then, and whatlrepeat in substance now, is that
the Committee of Ways and Means then failed
to recommend to the House an appropriation
sufficient to carry on the War Department for
the current year. 1 did so charge then, and I
repeatthe charge now. They did not so recom-
mend to the House then, and the House did not
vote enough to carry on the Department for this
year. This is verified by the deficiency which
we are now called upon to vote. I do not want
large appropriations, and I trust the party
I cooperate with do not want large appropri-
ations ; and we have the right to insist that this
House shall take the responsibility of voting
the requisite amount to carry on the War De-
partment to pay the officers and soldiers and
everybody in the employment of the Govern-
ment their salaries and wages, and that they
shall not evade this responsibility by voting
partial amounts at one time and then coming
in at the following session and ask us to pass
a deficiency bill. The tendency if not the pur-
pose of such legislation is to impose upon the
people of the country and induce them to be-
lieve the Government is being carried on for a
less amount than it really is.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I move that the commit-
tee rise i n order that we may close debate.
Mr. CHANLER. We want an answer to
our pertinent questions, and not to have the
camp-followers on the other side turned upon
us. We want plain answers, and not tom-
foolery.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 77, noes 41.
Mr. CHANLER demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Griswold
and Mr. Chanler were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 80, noes 30.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Pomeroy, as Speaker pro tempore, having
taken the chair, Mr. Price reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, having had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the bill (H.
R. No. 1911) making appropriations and to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1869, and for other pur-
poses, had come to no resolution thereon.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Gorham, its Secretary, notifyingthe House
that that body had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes ofthetwo HousesonHouse bill No. 1812,
to allow deputy collectors and assistant assess-
ors of internal revenue acting as collectors or
assessors the pay of collectors and assessors.
It further announced that the Senate had
"passed without amendment House bills and a
joint resolution of the following titles:
An, act (H. R. No. 1367) for the relief of
George Kaiser;
An act (H. R. No. 284) for the relief of N.
A. Shuttleworth, of Harrison county, West
Virginia;
An act (_H.. R. No. 1128) for the relief of
Isaac. Watts; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 265) for the
relief of Edward E. Shead, of Eastport, State
of Maine. *
It further announced that the Senate had
passed House bill No. 425, for the relief of
Mary A. Fillen, with an amendment, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
It announced, in conclusion, that the Senate
had passed bills and a joint resolution of the
following titles, in which the "concurrence of
the House was requested:
A bill (S. No. 972) for the benefit of Stuart
133)1*11 bs *
A bill (S. No. 924) for the relief of Ellen
Simms ;
A bill (S. No. 591) for the relief of 0. N.
Cutler;
A bill (S. No. 923) for tlie relief of Captain
James Kelly;
A bill (S. No. 957) for the relief of S. & H.
Sayles;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 163) for the
relief of Benjamin Corley and James W. Bos-
well ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 257) to refer the claim of
0. P. Cobb and others to the Court of Claims.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I rise for the purpose of
moving that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the deficiency ap-
propriation bill; but as preliminary to that
motion I move that when the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole upon that
bill all general debate shall terminate on the
bill down to line one hundred and seventy-two,
and that on that part of the bill from line
one hundred and seventy-two to line one hun-
dred and seventy-eigbt it be limited to ten
minutes.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the point of order
that debate can only be closed on the pending
paragraph, not on the entire bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. 1 move to suspend the
rules for that purpose.
The question being put, there were—ayes
86, noes 84.
Mr. BURR and Mr. CHANLER demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 129, nays 33, not voting
60 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker. Banks. Barnes,
Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham,
Blackburn, Blair, Boutwell, Boyden, Bromwell,
Broomall, Buckland, Buckley, Roderick R. Butler,
Callis, Cary, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Corley, Cornell, Co-
vodc. Cullom, Dawes, Delano, Dickey, Dixon, Dock-
ery. Dodge, Driggs, Eckley, Thomas D. Eliot, James
T. Elliott, Ferriss, Fields, French, Garfield, Grove,
Gravely, Griswold, Hamilton, Harding, Haughey,
Hawkins, Heaton, Hill, Hopkins, Ilulburd, Inger-
soll, AJexanderH. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley.Kel-
sey, Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, William
Lawrence, Lincoln, Loughridge, Lynch, Marvin,
Maynard. McCarthy. McKee, Mercnr, Miller, Moore,
Moorhead, Mullins, Myers, JSTewcomb, Newsham,
Norris, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Patne, Perham, Peters,
Pettis, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Price. Raum,
Robertson, Roots, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Spalding, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stewart, Stokes, Stover, Taffe, Thomas, John Trim-
ble, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Vafl Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Robert T. "Van Horn, Ward, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
VVelkcr, Whittemore, Thomas Williams, James 1:\
Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Windom—129.
SAY S—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Beck, Brooks, Burr,
Chanler, Fox, Getz, Glossbrenner.Goliaday, Grover,
Holman. Hotchkiss, Humphrey, Johnson, Thoma«L.
Jones, Kerr, Knott, Marshall, McCormick, McCul-
lough, Mungen, Niblack, Robinson, Ross, Stone,
Taber, Tift, Van Auken, Van Trump, Wood, Wood-
ward. and Young—33.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
Baldwin, Barnum, Blaine, Boles, Bowen, Boyer,
Benjamin F.Butler, Cake, Clift, Deweese, Donnelly,
Edwards, Eggleston, Ela, Eldridge, Farnsworth,
1 erry, Goss, Haight, Halsey, Higby, Hooper, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hub-
bard, Hunter, Jenekes, Kellogg, Lash, George V.
Lawrence, Loan. Logan, Mallory, Morrell, Morris-
sey, Nicholson, Phelps, Pierce, Pike, Pile, Polsley,
Prince, Pruyn, Randall, Sclye. Sitgreaves, Smith,
Sypher, Taylor, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Wyek,
Vidal, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn,
William Williams, Stephen F.Wilson, and Wood-
bridge—60.
So (two thirdshaving voted in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended and debate was or-
dered to be closed, as indicated hy the motion".
" 'Mr. SC.OFIELD. I now move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole to proceed to the consideration of the
deficiency appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole (Mr. Pkice in the
chair) and proceeded to the consideration pf
the bill (H. R. Nq. 1911) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1869, and for other
purposes.
The pending question was on the motion of
Mr. Niblack, to strike out " $7,000,000" and
insert in lieu thereof "$5,500,000;" so tha,t
the paragraph wjll read : -
For transportation of the Army and its supplies,
$5,500,000,,
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For contingencies of the Army, $475,000,
Mr. STOVER. I raise a point of order that
this is a deficiency bill, and as a deficiency is
something wanting or lacking there can be no -
contingency in such a bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order on the ground that this is a bill
making appropriations to supply deficiencies
"and for other purposes." It is not only a
bill to cover deficiencies in appropriations but
a bill "for other purposes."
Mr. STOVER. Then I move to strike out
the paragraph.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read the following paragraph;
For secret service fund, $100,000:
Provided, That the three last-named sums are ap-
propriated for the purpose of enablingthe Secretary
of the Treasury to settle accounts of disbursing offi-
cers for expenditures already made, and shall not
make any actual disbursement, but merely a trans-
fer on the books of the Treasury.
Mr. BURR. I move to strike out that clause;
and I remarked, in support of that motion,.that
the total amount appropriated by this bill, as
stated in the report, is fourteen or fifteen
million dollars. The exact amount I find by
further inspection to be $19,883,092, or in
round numbers $20,000,000. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield,] who has
charge of this bill, stated that the reason why
small amounts comparatively were appropri-
ated by the legislative action of one year ago
was in order to admonish the President of the
United States and the officers subordinate to
him that they must study economy and hot
transgress beyond a certain line of expend-
itures in administering the affairs of the Gov-
ernment, and he has said that had larger
amounts been appropriated last year those
several sums would all have been expended
and the same deficiency bill would have been
to-day pending for action. Now, that might
be a good argument under a given condition
of facts which, however, do not to-day exist.
This part of the bill appropriating over nine-
teen millions is for deficiencies exclusively in
the War Department, a Department where the
President of the United States has no more
power to expend money or carry into oper-
ation his peculiar views than have I or, any
other private citizen of the United States.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. BURR. Does the gentleman wish to
shield himself behind a technical pointof order?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania will state his point of order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not think a very
sensible man would asksuch aquestion as that.
I make the point of order that the gentleman is
not discussing his amendment, because the geti-
leman from New York [Mr. Wood] told me
that he wanted to discuss this clause, and I
therefore reserved ten minutes for its" discus-
sion. I make the point of order so thai the
ten minutes shall not be consumed in discuss-
ing something else, andgive no opportunity to
gentlemen who wish to discuss this clause;
