THE OO^GHBSSION'AL GLOBE,
otherwise I would allow'the gentleman to dis-
cuss anything he wanted.
Mr. BURR. We have noticed that there
is not much disposition to discuss this point.
I await the decision of the Chair.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman will see
that there are only tea minutes for discussion
on this clause.
Mr. BURR. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] intimates to me that he
does not wish to discuss this clause.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I withdraw the
point of order.
Mr. BURR. By the permission of the Chair
and of the committee I will now proceed. I
was stating that the President of the United
States could not expend one cent of the peo-
ple's money in this Department, and could not
under the legislation of this House, sanctioned
fay the Senate, even pass an order to a sub-
ordinate officer without transmitting that order
through the General-in-Chief of the Army, who
is now President-elect of the United States.
Was it to trammel and control the President-
elect that these deficient appropriations were
made one year ago? Further, sir, the control of
the Administration, so far as the War Depart-
ment has been concerned, during the past year
has been all the time under the charge of a
Secretary of War who has been, in the judg-
ment of our friends on the other side of the
House, in opposition to the Democratic party;
and no expenditure could be made, no theory
advocated, no measures carried out in that De-
partment without the sanction of the Secretary
of War. Was it to curb Edwin M. Stanton?
Was it to control General Grant while he was
Secretary of War ad interim ? Or was it to
limit the action of General Schofield, since Sec-
retary of War by appointment and~ confirma-
tion? Was it to limit either of those officers
in their action that those deficient appropria-
tions were made ? No, sir; that subterfuge
will not do. The entire, exclusive control of
the War Department in all its various bureaus
and branches has been during the whole of the
past year in the hands of the leaders and con
trollers of the Radical party. And when an
attempt was made by the President of the Uni-
ted States to assume some constitutional con-
trol of that Department of the Government
by appointing a Secretary of War to succeed
Edwin M. Stanton it was telegraphed from one
end of Pennsylvania avenue to the other, to
Edwin M. Stanton, then acting as Secretary of
War, "stick;" and the whole Radical party,
echoing that word "stick," has all the time
controlled that Department. And in order,
as I here allege, to blind the people and to
deceive the voters of the United States by their
action a year ago they reduced the appropria-
tions so as to make the people believe that
there would be a proportionate reduction of
taxation j- and to-day they acknowledge on the
record that their pretense of twelve months ago
was a deception and a fraud.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman——
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
has yielded the time I agreed to give him to
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bcrr] to
make his stump speech. I raised the point of
order I did during the remarks of the gentle-
man from Illinois in order to prevent his using
up the time intended for gentleman from
New York, who said that he did not want it.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Bbrr] obtained the floor in his own right,
by being recognized by the Chair, and pro-
ceeded with his remarks.
_ The CHAIRMAN. The Chair now recog-
nizes the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] as entitled to the floor.
Mr. WOOD. I move to amend the proviso
by inserting after the words "expenditures
already made" the words "if made in pur- j
suance of law;" so that portion of the bill '
will read as follows : j
For contingencies of the Army, 8475,000.
ior medical and hospital department, 8750,000.
For secret service fund. $100,000: Provided, That •
tne three last-named sums are appropriated for the 1
purpose of enabling the Secretary of the Treasury
to settle accounts of disbursing officers for expendi-
tures already made, if madein pursuance of law, and
shall not make any actual disbursement, but merely
a transfer on the books of the Treasury.
11 do not make this amendment for the pur-
pose of discussing any political or general sub-
ject, but to make some practical suggestions
in reference to the proviso. The old members
of this House, I am sure, can look back to a
period, riot very remote, when such a thing as
a deficiency bill was not known at all. The
introduction of this principle in oar legislation
i3 something entirely new and modern. When
first introduced deficiency bills were intended
to make up deficiencies of a few hundred thou-
sand dollars at the utmostin cases where it was
impossible to meet every possible expenditure
at the time the original appropriations were
made. This thing has grown up until our de-
ficiency bills absolutely amount in the aggre-
gate to more than the whole expenditures of
the Government were fifteen years ago.
But I have not risen for the purpose of say-
ing that this deficiency bill may not be right.
So far as it is really a deficiency bill it may
be proper; but when it is proposed, as it is by
this proviso, to go further and legalize expend-
itures made in contravention of law, and to
permit the accounts of disbursing officers to be
audited and allowed and paid in cases where
expenditures have been made not in pursuance
of any law whatever, I say that this is getting to
be a monstrous abuse, and it is time that Con-
gress should pause before it takes this action.
If gentlemen will look at this proviso they
will see that it proposes to audit and allow
SI,250,000 that have been expended without
any authority of law whatever. It is not for a
deficiency of appropriation, but for an excess
of expenditure not warranted by any law.
The object of my amendment is to provide
that in the transfer of appropriations from one
branch of the service to another, no account
shall be allowed to any disbursing officer un-
less the expenditure has been made in pursu- j
ance of some existing law. I do not know
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Scofield] has directed his attention particu-
larly to this point, but I hope he will consent
that my amendment may be adopted. I have
offered it in good faith, and not for any im-
proper or partisan purpose.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman is quite
right in saying that the money has been ex-
pended, but he is wrong in supposing that it
has been expended in violation of law. The
Committee on Appropriations have on several
different occasions endeavored to get a clause
in an appropriation bill providing that no
money appropriated for one branch of the ser-
vice shall be expended on another branch of
the service, in order to cut off this practice
that has grown up of transferring the fund ap-
propriated for one department to another de-
partment for some other purpose. We have
succeeded in getting such a clause inserted in
a bill still pending and not passed that will
cut that practice up by the roots. We have
attempted it before, but have always failed.
Now, the money appropriated in these three
items is for expenditures made, for which
vouchers were returned, and which were sanc-
tioned by the accounting officers. But when
the books come to be settled it is ascertained
that there is needed an appropriation specially
for that purpose, although a general appropria-
tion of the money has already been made. The
expenditure of the money has extended over
several years.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOOD. I hope the gentleman will
accept my amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 see no objection to it.
The amendment of Mr. Wood was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Bcrr, to strike out the paragraph as
amended: and being taken, it was not agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 desire to offer an amend-
ment to which I think the Committee on Ap-
propriations will have no objection; and I
would like to have a moment to explain it.
The' CHAIRMAN. All debate has been,
terminated by order of the House; anS- the
committee cannot extend it The amendment:
will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the purchase of a portrait of thej#fce President,
Abraham Lincoln, to be placed in the Executive
Mansion, S3.000, or so much thereof as may be iH'eeg-.
sary: Provided, That said portrait shall be selected
by the incoming President of the United States.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I raise a point of order
that this amendment is not in order on this
bill. The proper place for it is in the miscel-
laneous appropriation bill which-was.reported
this morning.
Mr. LOGAN. That may be; but I did not
suppose anybody would object to inserting the
provision in this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read as follows:
To carry out the provisions of section fourteen of
an set relating to pensions, approved July 27,1368,
$15,000.
Mr. SCOFIELD. By the instructions of the
Committee on Appropriations I move to amend
by inserting after the, paragraph just read the
following:
For collecting and preparing the proceedings at
the decoration of the soldiers' graves, under resolu-
tion of June 22,1868, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move to amend
by inserting the following:
To supply deficiency in the amount required for
the survey ot' a line dividing the Creek country
under third and fifth articles of treaty with the Creek
nation of Indians, concluded June 14,1866, and lor
I surveying exterior boundary of a grant of land to the
I Seminole nation of Indians under the thud article
of the treaty with that nation, concluded March 21,
[ 1866, $5,000.
' Mr. Chairman, the appropriation embraced
in this amendment was estimated for by the
Department at the last session of Congress, but
the estimate was not acted on by the Commit-
tee on Appropriations. At this session I ap-
peared before that committee for the purpose
of advocating the insertion of the appropria-
tion in this bill, but I found that the bill had
the day before been reported to the House. I
explained the amendment to the committee,
stating that the work had already been per-
formed by a citizen of Kansas, a resident of
my own district, to the satisfaction of the De-
partment, and that the appropriation ought to
be made. The chairman of the committee, the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washbcrne,]
who is not now in his seat, requested that under
the circumstances the amendment should be
offered in the House. All I have to say is that
this work has been performed under a contract
with the Indian department: that no complaint
is made in reference to the manner in which
the work has been done, and it ought to be
paid for. I believe that this bill is the proper
one in which to insert the amendment, which
I hope will meet with no objection.
I have here a long letter from the Depart-
ment explaining the propriety of making this
appropriation ; but I will not occupy time by
having the letter read, unless there is serious
objection to my proposition. If the acting
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions does not concur in the propriety of this
amendment, I shall ask that the letter be read
for the information of the House.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Chairman, there is
another appropriation bill still pending—the
miscellaneous appropriation bill reported this
morning—to which the Committee on Appro-
priations can offer such amendments as they
may deem proper. The gentleman ought to
take this amendment before the Committee on
Appropriations for their examination; and if
the committee should become satisfied that
the provision ought to be adopted they can
move it as an amendment to the miscellaneous'
appropriation bill, generally called the " omni-
bus bill." Having given the matter no exam-
ination I cannot, for one, consent that the
amendment shall be adopted in this hill. It
