186&
mM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
well as the Secretary of State and the President
of the United States, that that mission must
be discontinued. We did not merely notifythe
President and Secretary, bat we notified him.
It will not do to tell me that he was retained
there by Mr. Seward or by Mr. Johnson, be-
cause he was kept in full knowledge of the
action of this House, and he remained there at
his own peril. When I voted to withhold the
appropriation for the payment of his salary I
did not intend so soon as this to eat my words.
I based my action upon grounds which I well
understood, and which most of the members
here present to-day will remember, and which
I will not repeat; arid I say that there is to-day
an additional reason for withholding this appro-
priation, because he has deliberately defied us.
He has said to us, speaking through the mouth
of the Secretary of State, "You may withhold
the appropriation this year, you may withhold it
next year, but sooner or later I will find some
appropriation committee that will recommend
it; sooner or later I will find a House that will
pay it." Sir, I will vote against this appro-
priation now. I will vote against it now all the
more readily because he has so defiantly thrust
this in our feces. While we told him that he
could not remain there he has remained. He
has defied our votes and we are called upon
to-day to go back upon our own record and
admit to the country and admit to him that we
have been culpable and have done him wrong.
Sir, I will make no such admission. We have
done no wrong. We did right at first and he
did wrong, and every year that the Secretary
of State and the President have retained him
there in defiance of oar votes they have done
what was wrong, and he himself in remaining
there has done what was wrong.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. Allow me to say that
those who are opposed to the original para-
graph may safely vote for this amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] and
then vote to strike out the paragraph.
Mr. Spalding's amendment was agreed to—
ayes seventy-one, noes not counted.
Mr. UPSON. I move to strike out the
word " for" at the commencement of the par-
agraph. I suppose it is the intention of the
committee to appropriate a sufficient amount
for this purpose, but I cannot see any sense in
the use of the word "for" there. The first
clause of the bill appropriates money to pay all
these items, and it seems to me that the word
"for" has no meaning here.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
no character for consistency to maintain in
regard to this matter, for I was not a member
of the Congress that refused to appropriate
the money to pay Mr. Harvey. But I under-
stand the facts to be dimply these: Mr. Harvey
was appointed our minister to Portugal. No
man pretends that he has not discharged his
duties there faithfully so far as our Government
and the Governmentof Portugal are concerned.
And I will say here that if gentlemen will ex-
amine the diplomatic correspondence they will
find there what reflects great credit upon Mr.
Harvey. They will find, too, that the kingdom
of Portugal was about the only kingdom in
Europe lhat refused belligerent rights to the
rebels. There is nothing that can be alleged
against Mr. Harvey so far as the discharge of
his duties as minister to Portugal is concerned.
What is the complaint, then? It is that he
wrote a private letter to the Secretary of State,
which the Secretary was so imprudent as to
make public, in which letter Mr. Harvey spoke
of Congress in terms not as complimentary as
gentlemen would like. Now, if you could ex-
amine all the private letters that may have
been written by Government officials you might
perhaps find that there are other people who
nave at times felt themselves at liberty to ex-
press sentiments concerning Congress that do
not accord entirely with the estimate we place
upon ourselves. The amount asked to be ap-
propriated here is for a debt justly due. You
have no right to refuse to pay Mr. Harvey his
salary any more than you have the right to
refuse to vote the salary of the President of
the United States because he has spoken In
terms of disrespect of Congress. There was
one way by which you could have stopped hia
pay, and that way was to abolish the mission.
But you did not do that, and he has continued
to discharge his duties there. Now, it seems
to me that it is rather a small business to un-
dertake to stop this man's pay simply because
of a slight imprudence of which he was guilty,
and which I understand he has explained away
to the satisfaction of most of the members of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. MYERS. I would ask the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] whether it
does not also appear by documentary evidence
that the friendly action of Portugal toward this
Government during the rebellion, and the
friendly feelings it frequently expressed were
largely due to the efforts of Mr. Harvey ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. There
is no question of that fact, for it appears in the
correspondence which took place. I am sorry
to differ with my colleague [Mr. Paine] on
this question, but I am compelled to do so, and
I trust that the House will no longer adhere to
a position assumed in a moment of passion
and wounded pride, but imitate the manly
conduct of my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Spald-
ing,] and as far as it may, make the amends
honorable.
The committee rose informally; and the
Speaker resumed the chair.
message ek01i the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gor-
ham, its Secretary, informed the House that
the Senate had passed without amendment a
bill (H. R. No. 1966) for the relief of Foster
& Tower.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses upon the bill (H. R. No.
1599) making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending June 30, 1870.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. HOL1IAN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill of the follow-
ing title ; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 467) to confirm an entry of
land by Moses F. Shinn.
leave of absence.
Mr. PIERCE asked and obtained leave of
absence from the session to-night on account
of sickness.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The Committee of the Whole resumed the
consideration of the legislative, executive, and
judicial appropriation bill.
The pending amendment was in relation to
the mission to Portugal.
The CHAIRMAN. All debate is exhausted
on the pending amendment.
Mr. COVODE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word. I make
that motion because I wish to state some few
things that I am satisfied many of my friends
are not familiar with. The committee will rec-
ollect that prejudice was first excited against
Mr. Harvey at the beginning of the war because
of some correspondence carried on between
him and Judge McGrath, of South Carolina;
and the House called upon President Lincoln
to communicate that correspondence to Con-
gress. I was advised by Mr. Harvey, in a com-
munication from Lisbon, Portugal, that there
were some letters not communicated that would
be of interest to the House and to the country.
I was directed to call upon Mr. Lincoln to as-
certain whether the statements of Mr. Harvey
were correct or not. Mr. Harvey in that com-
munication said that he carried on that corre-
spondence for the Government of the United
States with the view of averting, if possible,
the shedding of blood ; and he said that Mr.
Lincoln had in his possession certain import-
ant dispatches which would explain the real na-
ture of the transaction. I Went to Mr. Lmcola
and asked him whether thatwas true, he not
having answered the inquiry of the House with
reference to that correspondence. Mr. Lin-
coln said that he had a recollection of the mat-
ter. He took down the " Sumter papers,"
as they were called; and the very first paper,
the one on top of the pile, was the important
dispatch to which Mr. Harvey had particularly
referred in his letter from Lisbon, and which
shows that Mr. Harvey carried on that corre-
spondence for Mr. Seward, Mr. Gamebojt, and
Mr. Lincoln; and Mr. Lincoln had the corre-
spondence in his possession at- the very time
the telegraphic dispatches throughout the coun-
try were seized, and that for the purpose of
destroying Mr. Harvey.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does not all that appear
on the records of this House?
_ Mr. COVODB, No, sir; it does not. How,
sir, Mr. Harvey, while at Lisbon during the
war, was successful in" preventing trouble be-
tween Portugal and this country, and from that
time to this he has discharged his duties faith-
fully. He has furnished to the Secretary of
State a vast amount of information showing the
stupendous naval frauds perpetrated there.
He has sent to me a copy of that correspond-
ence, asking me to bring it to the attention of
Congress. While he is thus serving the coun-
try abroad his family is suffering here in Wash-
ington. Now, does any one suppose that Mr.
Harvey is going to be kept out of his pay for
all time? He needs this money now. He is
poor. He has served the country faithfully.
He made a mistake in writing a letter; but that
mistake was made when there were hundreds
of men in this country belonging to the Re-
publican party, among them members of this
House and. of the Senate, who were disposed
to agree with the policy of Mr. Johnson. I
hope that Mr. Harvey will be allowed the pay
which he has earned.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I desired to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode] be-
fore he took his seat, up to what time Mr. Har-
vey has been paid ?
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has expired.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
oppose the amendment. It strikes me that
gentlemen have not been discussing the ques-
tion before the committee. I regard this as a
question between Congress on the one side
and Mr. Seward, representing the Adminis-
tration, on the other. Congress, for reasons
which seemed to it good decided that so far as
appropriations for that purpose were neces-
sary they would not keep up a representation
at the court of Portugal. They decided thus
again and again. The Administration, acting
through Mr. Seward, offensively, insolently,
definantly, resolved that they would keep a
representative there.
Under the Constitution the President, hav-
ing the power to appoint embassadors and other
diplomatic representatives, could make this
appointment; but the appointment having been
made he and the incumbent whom he kept in
office under such circumstances were fully ap-
prised of the fact that the law-making power
and the money-appropriating power had de-
cided, for reasons which itconsidered sufficient,
not to keep up that representation, so far at
least as pay for it was concerned. We are now
called upon to go back upon all this. Why?
Because it is said here is a debt due to Mr.
Harvey. It is no debt. This service was per-
formed with a full knowledge upon his part that
no pay was to be given. We are called upon
to make this payment because, as it is claimed,
Mr. Harvey has served the country well. That
does not properly enter into the question. We
are called upon to go back and consider the
question whether Congress ought to have acted
as it did upon the facts before it at that lime.
Sir, I was satisfied then and I am satisfied now
that Congress did right. But that is not the
question. The question is whether when the
law-makingand the money-appropriatingpower
