1. eON&RESSIWAL (JLOB®.
Febriiai$('2&,
has decided for two successive years not to pay
Bt.'th'o servicespf administer at Lisbon, it,shall
|e held' incumbent upon us now to bow our
Eriees' and " with, bated breath and whispering
hjurpbleoess" admit to Mr. Seward and to the
i£d*ti ioistration that they were right and we
were wrong ; and therefore we will .not. only
forgive that for which they deserve punishment,
put will sanction it by backing out of the posi-
tion which we have heretofore deliberately
taken.
. , 3\j[r. Harvey, is but a small portion, it seems
to ine. in th& issue now made up. Discuss
piig matter as you will, turn it as you may, the
question is simply this, shall the Congress "of
Ute'United. St.ates be called upon at a subse-
quent date to pay as a debt due from the Gov-
ernment for services, which services have.been
rendered," not with the sanction but against the
notice of Congress aud upon information that
i,t did not intend to pay for. them, because of
some sympathy to be got "up or some question
raised as to whether Mr. Harvey was or was not
rightly treated originally? This is the issue,
I think, we have before us; and on that issue,
whatever other gentlemen may do, I shall re-
sort to the only means to rebuke Mr. Seward's
insolcnce and defiance of the law making power
by telling, him that we shall not pay his man
no matter what his services have been.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COVODE. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. SPALDING. I renew it; and I wish
to say to my colleague and to the gentleman
from Wisconsin, however much I admire their
pluck, that we all have occasionally to take
the back track. None of ua are so proud as
never to confess that we are wrong. I think
I have as much "of that in my composition as
either of the learned gentlemen who addressed
the committee. I have already stated that I
was a principal actor in this—shall I say tragic
or comic scene? We have done wrong; and
the Committee on Appropriations for the last
two years have put in the appropriation bill
an appropriation to pay his salary. It is all
wrong to say that Congress had "the right to
remove him. _ Congress never had the power
to remove him. The Executive never sus-
pended him. We only suspended his pay. i
We have since then made regular appropria-
tion for his pay.
_ Mr. SCHENCK. I admit that the power is
m the President to appoint diplomatic agents,
but I also hold that the power is in Congress
to say whether they shall or shall not be paid.
Congress has not suspended him, but it has
suspended his pay.
Mr. SPALDING. It was undertaken on
the part of Congress to withdraw him, but he
was not withdrawn. He has stayed there, and
for the past two years Congress has concluded
to go on and pay him. In the last two appro-
priation bills he has had his salary allowed him.
He has had his salary for the last year ; he has ,
it for this fiscal year, and the bill has passed !
both Houses making provision foritfor the next ;
year. The Committee on Appropriations stood !
u 0n0 (5ues^on* The chairman f
of the committee has since been taken sick.
If he were here he would say to this Commit-
tee of the Whole, in much better language than
I can use, that it is an act of justice to pay
these two years' salary which we have with-
held from Mr. Harvey. The committee agree
to this, and hence it is in the deficiency bill;
and I hope that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the Fortieth Congress will not con-
tinue to perpetrate what I regard as a funda-
mental error in our statesmanship.
"Mr. CHANLER. I do not wish to mingle
ip this debate on the merits of this claim. I
Suppose the Committee on Appropriations un-
derstand this matter, and I presume that gen-
tlemen have their minds made up. But I wish
to say that for the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schesckj to arraign Mr. Seward—for a mem-
ber of the Republican party to arraign hira—is
base ingratitude. Why, sir, Mr. Seward was
the Prospero of this fiction of a political .or-
ganization. He it was who created your Cal-
iban, brought your Ariel into being, and sent
your Puck around the world. He is your mas-
tar. You would not be here to-day if his mind
had^ not lound for you a dogma.in the enun-
ciation of the "irrepressible conflict." But
for him the mock militiamen who arrayed
themselves in tinsel and remained here in this
House drawing pay as generals while your
battles were beiug fought would never have
had an existence. This old organizer of your
party left you because you -proved degenerate
even from the fiction that he created for you.
The" irrepressible conflict'^ was a thing which
you had not the capacity to carry on with suc-
cess. The master mind that created you left
you, and you are wrangling over the remnant
of your power, and all that is left for you is to
make this deficiency bill the stalking horse for
the wrangling in your own organization.' You
have impeached the man that you elected as
Vice President because he was too brave and
too honest for you to meet face to face ; and
his Cabinet, which could not give you all you
would plunder, must be disgraced by every
obloquy you can put upon them here and else-
where.
Now, sir, I do not wish that this question
should be mixed up. I think it is a fair and
proper subject of debate as introduced by the
chairman oftheCommitt.ee of Ways and Means.
It is a fair question what constitutes the Repub-
lican party to-day?_ Who is its head? Who
leads you? What is j'our object and destiny ?
Have you no greater object than to sting one
another to death like a snarl of snakes?
[Laughter.] Cannot you find some nobler
work than to strike down a man who, in a dis-
tant port, while your brigadiers were here in
this House drawing pay and wearing the uni-
form and your soldiers were fighting your bat-
tles in the field, was protecting you abroad and
giving you honor before one of the established
Governments of Europe? Cannot you find a
nobler vocation than that?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SPALDING. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I renew
it. I desire to say one word upon this matter
not personal at all to Mr. Harvey, the minis-
ter to Portugal. I propose to vote againstthe
appropriation on this ground : the Congress
ot the L'nited States have said to the Presi-
dent of tne United States that in their judg-
ment this gentleman was not a proper repre-
sentative of the United States to a foreign
court. ^ hether that was right or wrong I
do not propose to discuss. I do not know, and
for the present purpose I do not care. But
whenever the principle is sought to be estab-
lished in this Government that the Executive
can set himself up and set up his office against
the will of Congress, then we have come to a
bad pass. The experiment has been tried by
the Executive, in defiance of Congress, of
keeping an officer in his place ; and if we mean
to stand by tile privileges of the House and of
Congress, and the right of the people to con-
trol the Executive and to direct this Govern-
ment lor here at last must that power reside—
then we must vote against this appropriation.
I would vote against it were this the best man
personally that could live, or were the Presi-
dent who undertook the experiment the best
man personally that could live. I set Andrew
Johnson aside in this matter; I set Harvey
aside ; but I say it is for us to stand by the
right of the people through their Representa-
tives and Senators to direct the expenditures
of tne Government of the United States, and
to determine whether an officer shall be kept
in at home or abroad. Under the British con-
stitution a single vote in the House of Com-
mons of a want of confidence in an officer
sends him out of the service. Year after year
in succession this House voted a want of con-
fidence in that executive officer, and we are
now asked to stultify ourselves and to give him
a salary when he has been kept in office, and
has remained in that office in defiance of Con-
gress. .
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I desire
to ask the gentleman a question. This Houpe
has voted & want of confidence in the Presi-
dent of the United States. Why, then, does
not the gentleman refuse to appropriate money
to pay his salary ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. X will
tell you why. Because we put that vote of
want of confidence before the only tribunal
known to the Constitution; and wrongly, as I
believe, but whether, right or wrong, we were
overruled, and he was kept in office by .the
verdict of that tribunal to which we appealed
and he appealed. But here is another and a
different case. _ It is an officer appointed, and
we meet him in the only way we could, by
withholding the appropriation for his support;
aud having done that it was the duty of the
Executive—his bounden constitutional duty,
according to the theory of our Government—
to withdraw him. If he chose he had the
power to keep the man there, and the man
had the power to stay. We have the power to
say if you stay you stayatyonr own expense.
Mr. BENTON. I do not know but that I
agree with the gentleman from Massachusetts
in his position upon this question, but I would
ask him whether a portion of the salary of this,
gentleman was not due at the time Congress
refused to make the appropriation ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No ; I
understand not.
Mr. BENTON. The amount of salary due
him was paid ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. BENTON. Then I do. not see any rea-
son why we should mako this appropriation
now.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield to the gentleman
from California all but one minute of my time.
Mr. HIGBY. I believe I was a member of
the House of Representatives at the time we
refused to make an appropriation to pay Mr.
Harvey, the minister to Portugal, and I think,
like the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,]
I was a member of the Committee on Appro-
priations. I have failed to hear any new in-
formation upon this subject. We had full
information, which we supposed to be correct,
and upon which we acted at that time. I agree
with the gentleman from Ohio that an error
should be corrected, and that when we find we
have acted wrongly and that what we supposed
were facts were really false we ought to retrace
our steps. But I do not understand from him
that we have any other information in regard
to the conduct of this man different from that
which we had before us when we acted as a
deliberative body in the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
We then acted coolly and deliberately upon the
information which we received; and now ppon
the same statement of facts we are called upon
to retrace our steps and take back what we
then did. I do not understand from the gen-
tleman from Ohio or from any other member
of the Committee on Appropriations that there
is any' difference between the facts before this
body now and the facts upon which we then
acted. I then acted upon my judgment, with-
out any passion, without any prejudice, and
what I did then I am disposed to stand by
now.
Mr. SPALDING. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia will allow me to 3ay that this gentleman,
Mr. Harvey, has been home and has been be-
fore the Committee on Appropriations, and has
disclaimed meaning to cast any imputation
upon Congress.
Mr. HIGBY. It seems, then, that this man-
admitted when he was before the Committee
on Appropriations that what was'stated then
was gorrect, but he finds that he has placed him-
self in a position where he can get no pa./.,
unless lie asks the pardon of Congress.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I now ask the unanimoi(S
consent of the committee that the debate upon
this paragraph be closed. .
There was no objection ; an,d i twasso ordered.
