854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOM
==
February 4,
Mr. FE'S&ENDEN. It is a matter of indif-
ference to me whether I shall go on now or not,,
I-am very anxious to have Pennsylvania ave-
nue properly paved; and I shall be short, as I
usually am. I do not wish to take up any time
unnecessarily.
Mr. STEWART. It is very obvious that if
we allow the special order to be put aside now
there will be other Senators who will ask the
same thing, and the result will be that we shall
not reach, a vote upon it for a long time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator has only
to say "ay" or "no," whether he does object
or not.
Mr. STEWART.I do object.
-Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; that is the
end of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the special order, being the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 402) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United State3,
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and on that question the Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Ferry] is entitled to the
floor.
■western military claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the Senator from
Connecticut proceeds I desire to make a report
from a conference committee.
The report was as follows:
Tho committoo of confercnoo on tho disaerooing
votos of tho two llousca on tho amendments of tho
Senate to House resolution No. 401, itrovidiug for tho
disposition of certain papora relating to military
claims accruing in tho department of tho West,
having mot, after full confcrcnco havo been unable
to agreo. '
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
WILLIAM M. STEWAItT,
THOMAS C. McCREEIlY.
Managers on. the pari 0/ the Senate.
U. P. SPALDING,
i\ C. BEAMAN.
„ WILLIAM S. IIOLMAN,
Jlfanaffere on the part 0/ the House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the action of the House concurring
in the amendment of the Senate to the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 40-1) providing for the
disposition of certain papers relating to mili-
tary claims accruing in the department of the
West, with the following amendment:
Provided, That after examination by the Attorney
General such parts of said papers and evidence as
liavo a bearing npon cases ponding in tho Court of
Claims maybe rend in court as explanatory of tho
iaots involved, and if in any oaso llio claimant shall
bavo taken tho money awarded byeaid commission-
era and given to tho United States a receipt in full,
suoh receipt shall bo taken and deemed by said Court
of Claims as absolutely oonelusivo upon the party
executing tho same.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that tho joint
resolution be laid on the table.
Tho motion was agreed to.
1iousk wj.ls kuferred.
Tho bill (II. R. No. 1858) making appropri-
ations in part for the expenses of tho Indian
department, and for fulfillingtreaty stipulations
with vaiious Indian tribes, for the year ending
June 30, 1870, was read twice by its titlo, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The bill (H. R. No. 1601) to provide sta-
tionery for Congress and the several Depart-
ments, and for other purposes, was road twice
by its title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be referred to the Committee on Printing,
if there be no objection.
■ Mr. CONNESS. Why not send it to the
Committee on Contingent Expenses ? That is
the committee to which it appears to me to
belong,
fhe PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator make that motion ?
Mr. CONNESS. I do.
_ Mr. ANTHONY. That is a bill that came
from the Committee on Printing in the House
(ff Representatives, and it is a subject that the
joint Committee on Printing have had under
consideration.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion, if that is the case.
The PRESIDENT pro tempefre. The bill
will be referred to the Committee on Priutiug.
The bill (H-. R. No. 1861) to establish a cer-
tain post road in the State of Connecticut was
read twice by its title.
Mr. PERRY. That is similar to a bill al-
ready reported by the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads of the Senate. I move
that it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
price of oas in washington.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of
Columbia be instructed to inquire into the propriety
of repealing the tfet of Congress of January 30,18U5,
by wliioh the price of gas was raised from.$2 61 to
four dollars per one thousand feet.
I believe all recognize the inferior qualify
of the gas furnished here, and the fact that
that act raised the price of gas when gold was
twice its present cost would seem to be a suffi-
cient reason why it should now be changed.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
TAKING OV THE CENSUS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will announce as the committee to report as to
the necessity of taking measures to provide for
taking the next census Mr. Conklinq, Mr.
Anthony, Mr. Howe, Mr. Sawyeb, and Mr.
Buckai.EW.
suwiuge constitutional amendment.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (IT. R. No. 402) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. PERRY. Mr. President, I ask the
Clerk to read the resolution of the House of
Representatives as it will stand if amended as
proposed by tho Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Stewart.]
The Chief Ci.ebk. The resolution if amended
as proposed will read'as follows :
Article XV.
Section 1. Tho right of citizons of tho United States
tovoto and hold ofliooshallnotbodeniedorabridged
by tho United States or by any Stato on account of
raco, color, or previous condition of servitude.
Mr. PERRY. Mr. President, it was my
intention, when I sought the floor upon this
resolution as reported by the Committee on
the Judiciary, to address myself to a consid-
erable degree to the merits of the proposed
amendment to the Constitution ; butthe course
which the debate has taken seems to have ren-
dered such a discussion in a degree super-
fluous. Every Senator who has spoken against
the resolution has placed his opposition not
upon its merits or demerits, but upon the par-
ticular mode of submission to the people pro-
vided for, or upon other technicalities sur-
rounding the subject, instead of upon the subject
itself.
The Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,]
lifting no voice now against the extension of the
suffrage, simply denies the capacity of Congress
to propose amendments to the Constitution at
all, because there yet remain a few of the States
unrepresentedinthenational Legislature. The
Senatorfrom Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks,] silent
now with regard to the capacity of the dis-
franchised class for self-government, bases his
opposition to the resolution of the committee
on the technical doctrine of estoppel, drawn
from his familiarity with the law. And my col-
league, [Mr. Dixon,] twice during the last
fifteen years committed by his votes to the ex-
tension of the suffrage to the extent proposed
in the resolution, cannot oppose himself to its
principle, but seeks by indirection to accom-
plish its defeat.
A great change has come over the minds of
the Opposition since the voice of the people of
this land was heard last autumn upon the ques-
tions involved in this amendment. A year ago
opprobrious nicknames applied to the class of
citizens whom it is now proposed to enfran-
chise, denials of the capacity and almost of the
humanity of the negro, appeals to popular pre-
judice, were the staple of the argument which
we heard against the beneficent measure now,
brought tb the co'nsWbraticm of this body.
But since that period a change has come
over the vision of the opponents of this meas-
ure ; and now no voice is raised in denial of
its expediency or its justice considered in it-
self, but only against the method in which it
is proposed that the measure shall be accom-
plished. And, sir, there is good reason for
this change. Within a year the people of the
United States, in their ratification at the polls
of the action of Congress upon the question of
reconstruction, have decided that four fifths of
the colored men of this country shall hence-
forth enjoy all the civil and political rights of
American citizens. To-day five bundled thou-
sand ballots in the hands of colored citizens
have a voice more potent than had a year ago
the unsupported claims of right upon the con-
sciences and the action of those who then as
now opposed the extension of the suffrage.
But although the hostility which is devel-
oped to the resolution is changed in the mode
of its manifestation, it is not changed in itself
in any particular. As I have intimated, what
formerly it sought to attain by a denial of the
common rights of manhood it now seeks to
accomplish by indirection and by technicali-
ties.
The first of the technicalities is the one which
was urged by the Senator from Indiana. We
are estopped, is the purport of his argument,
from proposing to the people of the nation a
great and beneficent change in the fundamental
law, because a convention of a political party
almost a year ago pledged that party, according
to the construction ©f the Senator, against any
such change. This doctrine of estoppel, which
lawyers who have no other defense in their
causes find so easy to set up, and whose prin-
ciple is that though the defendant has no just
ground to resist the claim that is made upon
him yet the plaintiff has said or done some-
thing which shall preclude him from enforcing
it—this technical doctrine of estoppel isgravely
urged upon the consideration of the Senate as
if any action of a political convention were
competent to bind the action of the Congress
of the United States. No matter what parties
in convention may declare to be their view of
what ought to be the course of legislation in
this nation, I as a legislator have the right to
propose what changes in our law, ordinary or
organic, I may choose; and I and all of us
have the right, and it is our bounden duty, if
those changes are required by grave considera-
tions of public interest, to advocate and to vote
for those changes.
But, sir, it is not true that the Chicago plat-
form does contain anything in coutravention
of the amendment to the Constitution which is
now proposed by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. The Senator read from the second res-
olution of the Chicago platform as follows:
" The guarantee by Congress of equal suffrage to all
loyal men at tho South was demanded by every con-
sideration of public safety, of gratitude, and of jus-
tice, and must be maintained, while the question of
suffrage in all the loyal Statos properly belongs to
the people of those States."
And he avers that the concluding portion
of this resolution binds the Republican mem-
bers of Congress neither to adopt nor propose
any amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States looking to the extension of the suf-
frage. Why, sir, the resolution is of directly
the contrary purport. What is it in sum and
substance? It makes a distinction between
the loyal and the lately rebel States in regard
to the extension of the suffrage in them re-
spectively. Adhering—for at that time the
fourteenth article of amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States had not been
fully ratified—to the construction of the Con-
stitution familiar to every one since the found-
ation of the Government on that question, it
declared that in those States whose people had
renounced their rights under the Federal Con-
stitution, by rebellion against the sovereignty
of the United States, must submit to the legis-
lation of Congress in regard to their social
reorganization; while at the same time it de-
clared that the people of the loyal States, in
which all the guaranty of the Cbnstitution
