1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
855
retained their vigor, should themselves have
control of any change of their organic laws in
this respect, whether effected by amendment
of the Constitution of the United States or of
any individual State.
The substantial thing declared was, that in
the loyal States any change ofthe suffrage should
be wrought out by constitutional amendment
to be submitted, to the people;-in the rebel
States, whose people had abjured their privi-
leges under the Constitution by rebellion, they
must submit to the legislation of Congress in
their social reorganization; and that is all there
is of it. The sole distinction is this distinction
between the people of these two classes of
States; and as to which mode of submitting the
question to the people of the loyal States should
beadopted, through an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States or through an
amendment to the constitutions of their respect-
ive States, is a simple question of expediency.
In the language of the Chicago resolution, the
proposal to the people of the United States of
an amendment extending suffrage is a giving to
the people of the States the decision of that
question. The fathers meantto give it to them
when they framed the Constitution. By four-
teen successive articles of amendment we have
submitted alteration, after alteration in this
mode to the people, and now upon this ques-
tion of the extension of the suffrage we have
only to ask, is it better and wiser and more ex-
pedient to submit an amendment of the Con-
stitution ofthe United States, to be ratified by
the people at once, or amendments of the State
constitutions, to be ratified at various periods
by the people of the States respectively? In
deciding this question of expediency the answer
seems to me to be apparent. What do we want
to change the constitution of a State or of the
United States at all for in this respect? If we
need the change at all it is because there is an
evil existing in theland which calls for a remedy.
Those ofus whosustainthisamendmentbelieve
that such an evil exists J and that evil is, that in
eighteen out of the thirty-seven States a class
of citizens of the United States is deprived of
its natural rights by local laws ; and we believe
that this oppression—a remnant of slavery—
should be removed from an innocent, a law-
abiding, and a useful class of our fellow-citizens.
If it be such an evil it should be removed in
the manner speediest and surest, It may be
removed by constitutional means, either by an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States or by the process of successive amend-
ments of the constitutions of theseveral States.
But it exists in eighteen States. The action
of no one State can affect the action of any
otber. Nothing can reach them all so quickly
or in a maimer so accordant with a wise ex-
pediency as an amendment to the fundamental
law of the Republic itself which shall place
all its citizens upon the same footing of equal
political rights.
It is in this respect similar to the amend-
ment, for which my colleague voted, abolishing
slavery in the States. That was a matter within
State jurisdiction and which might have been
left for the several States themselves to remove
by amendment of their respective constitu-
tions ; but it existed in fifteen States; the
experience of the nation from its very begin-
ning had shown that the evil was real, and the
intervention of Congress by the proposal to
the whole people of an amendment to the Con-
stitution ofthe United States was the mode
adopted <here and approved by the people,
The same reason which then called for the
intervention of this power to amend the Con
stitution of the United States so that slavery
should be abolished now calls for the inter-
vention of the same power so that disfranchise-
ment shall also be abolished.
But, sir, this is not all. The entire principle
which underlies this amendment was affirmed
by the people of the United States in Novem-
ber last, not merely by the people of New Eng-
land and New York, but it was distinctly and
positively affirmed by the people of Indiana,
in whose name the Senator [Mr. -Hendricks]
spoke so earnestly. For what is the principle
that underlies this amendment ? It is neither
more nor less than this: that every citizen of
the United Statesr both as respects civil and
political rights, shall stand upon the same
footing of equality before the law. In the
Chicago platform, in the very resolution which
the Senator read, isan expression oftheopinion
of the Republican party upon this subject:
" The guarantee by Congress of equal suffrage to all
loyal men at the South was demanded by every con-
sideration of public safety, of gratitude, and of jus-
tice, and must be maintained." , .
That is, every consideration of public safety,
of gratitude, and of justice required that the
suffrage should be extended, as it'liad been
extended by the reconstruction laws, to four
fifths of the colored population of the United
States, and once extended thus it was the
bounden duty of the Government to maintain
it. It cannot be said that upon this branch
of the resolutions of the Chicago convention
the people of Indiana and the people of all the
States did not express themselves. The recon-
struction acts, in all their parts, were argued
everywhere. The sanction of the people was
invoked for them in all their details; and
above all and more than all was the sanction
of the peopl.e invoked for that greatest of all
their principles, the extension of equal polit-
ical rights to every citizen of the Republic;
and the people all over the land, in Novem-
ber last, declared that every consideration of
safety, of gratitude, and of justice, requires
that the ballot should be given to half a mil-
lion of the colored men of this country. The
principle of the extension of the suffrage, there-
fore, was indorsed fairly and squarely by the
people of the United Stales in the recent presi-
dential election.
But there is a resolution of the Chicago con-
vention which tho Senator from Indiana and
my colleague did not read. Not'only did that
convention, by declaring its affirmance of the
principle of extended suffrage as applied to
the southern States, affirm the principle of the
amendment now proposed, but it declared its
adherence to the same in its application to
every State, North and South alike; for, after
adopting the second resolution in reference to
the question of suffrage, the convention went
on to adopt the fourteenth resolution :
"Recognizing tho great principles laid down in
tlie Declaration of Independence as tho truo iound-
ation of democratic Government, and hailing with
gladness every effort toward making tbeso principles
a living reality on every inch of American soil."
What is the meaning of that fourteenth res-
olution? Why did l hat convention, wilh unani-
mous applause, spring to its feet and shout its
affirmation of that resolution as the cap-stone
of all the rest? It was because that in it the
principle of extended suffrage and equal po-
litical rights throughout all this land was un-
equivocally proclaimed ; because in that resolu-
tion we recognized again (and it never can be
recognized too often) the fundamental princi-
ple upon which our system rests, that all gov-
ernments derive their just powers from the con-
sent of the governed. Democrats sneer now-
adays at the Declaration of Independence.
But the words are not true merely because they
are contained in that instrument. They have
"an older origin than that. They go back through
eighteen centuries to the time when He who
spake as never man spake first proclaimed the
principles ot human brotherhood and human
equality to the rude Galilean peasants. And
those principles, affirmed thus in the Chicago
platform, went forth to the people of this land
last November, and from the lakes to the Gulf,
from the Atlantic to the Pacific, the people
ratified t.hem. And now, sir, we, the Congress
of the United States, in proposing this amend-
ment, are but doing what our masters in No-
vember bade us do; and it is too late for Sen-
ators to stand here higgling about estoppels
and technicalities. When nineteen States of
this Republic have already granted to the men
of that other race whom we have oppressed so
l&ng both civil and political rights, every manj
however short his visioh; can see the consum-
mation of universal liberty rapidly drawingnigtu
But ieaving the ground taken by the Senator
from Indiana I come to t.-he potion occupied
by my colleague. Whether auythirtgfwhieh has
been done by the Chicago,convention- operates
as ah estoppel upon us or not, whether the
objections to details) presented by the Senator
from Indiana ought to prevail or tiotj i«y col-
league has an additional objection; to it that
the mode of submitting the proposed amend-
ment is somehow unjust; unfair, and improper ;
and to obviate this he proposes to amend th&
resolution by striking 6ut the word "Legisla-
tures" and inserting the word "conventions,"
so that, the amendment shall be referred to con-
ventions of the people of the States for ratifica-
tion instead of being referred to the Legisla-
tures. I confess that I felt some degree-of
surprise at the language employed by my col-
league, and echoed by the Senator from Indi-
ana, as to the effect of the resolution in the
manner of its submission of the amendment to
the Legislatures; for the whole tenor of their
argument was to denounce such a mode of sub-
mission as contrary to what my colleague termed
the fundamental principles of republican gov-
ernment and calculated to subvert republican
institutions everywhere. Sir, these gentlemen,
since I have been in this body, lmve been stout
sticklers for the Constitution of the United
States. My colleague has walked nori passibus
emiis in the footsteps of the occupant of the
White House ia his devotion to that instru-
ment, and yet it, would be hard to believe, after
listening to his denunciation of the proposed
mode of submission in this resolution, that that
mode is in strict conformity with the Constitu-
tion ; that it is the mode in which fourteen
amendments, one after the other, have been
submitted to the people, and that never before
has any man dreamed that when the Legisla-
tures had ratified an amendment to the Consti-
tution it had not received the popular sanction.
But my colleague would submit this amend-
ment to conventions of delegates of the people
of the States.
Why has that mode never been adopted
hitherto? The answer to this question will
show why it ought not to be adopted now.
Where an evil exists of such grave magnitude
as to demand the interposition of the peopje
themselves by way of change of their organic
law it is an evil which ought to be corrected
speedily. The Constitution has provided for
its speediest correction by the submission of
an amendment to the Legislatures. It has
given the power indeed of submission to con-
ventions: but Congress and the people never
have used that power, because the machinery
of conventions was dilatory, expensive, and
unwise. Observe how it works: in the first
place, your proposed amendment goes out.
The Legislatures of the States convene, and
they are to frame laws calling together con-
ventions. There ma,y be a thousand reasons
outside of the proposed amendment why no
convention should be held. If a convention
is once assembled you cannot limit its power
to the simple amendment which you are jiro-
posing to it. It may go on to amend your State
constitution and to subvert the whole machin-
ery of your State government, and there is no
power in your State to stop it. fhe States,
irrespective of the particular question referred,
may be unwilling to assemble a convention w:tL
these extraordinary powers. But suppose ti ey
do pass their laws for that object. I hen the
people must hold an election, and at a due
period afterward the conventions must assem-
ble, thus interposing a delay, it mavbe, of years
before the evil can be removed which the
amendment is proposed in order to remove.
In addition to all this, at this time, when the
States as well as the nation are borne down
with the heavy burden of debt which rests upon
them, to require the assembling of thirty-seven
constitutional conventions at an expense of
miliionsof dollars to the already over-burdened
