THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
people ia thati which nothing but a politician's
afterthought, it seems to me, would have sug-
gested as the mode of ratifying art amendment
to the Constitution of the United States.
The only reason given for the submission to
conventions instead of Legislatures which has
a shadow of reason in it is that most of the
Legislatures were chosen, at the last autumn
elections j that they were not chosen with ref-
erence tct the proposed amendment, and that
therefore new elections either of Legislature^
or conventions ought to be- bad at a time when
the people would, have the proposition dis-
tinctly in their contemplation. But, sir, I have
already, shown, or else I have failed in the first
branch of my argument, that this whole subject-
matter was distinctly before the people in the
elections of last November, and the men who
chose the Legislatures knew when they voted
for the Republican majorities in them that they
Stood by that Chicago platform which declares
the principle of universal suffrage, without dis-
tinction ot race, to be demanded by every con-
sideration of gratitude and public expediency,
and which declares further that it "hails with
gladness every effort toward making these prin-
cples a living reality on every inch of Ameri-
can. soil." , So that the reason adduced by my
colleague fails.
But, again, fourteen amendments of the Con-
stitution of the United States have been sub-
mitted. In every instance they have been
submitted to Legislatures; and in every in-
stance, without exception, an examination of
the veeord shows that a majority of those Legis-
latures had been chosen before the proposed
amendment was sent out to the people. And
therefore the amendment proposed by my col-
league is one which departs from all the usages
of the Government, and without any reason
which has not always existed for such depart-
ure. It is admitted, indeed, that the objec-
tion that the Legislatures are already chosen
does not apply to Connecticut, for its Legisla-
ture is yet to be elected. The canvass for that
election has already begun, and the telegraph
this morning brings from the liepublicans of
Connecticut, assembled in convention yester-
day, no uncertain sound upon this great sub-
ject.. Fairly and squarely they have gone
before the people of my State upon the issue
presented by this amendment. Therefore
there, at least, the preceding objections which
I have already considered to the mode of rati-
fication do not apply, and my colleague, whose
ingenuity I cannot but admire, although I dis-
trust his logic, baa discovered still another
difficulty in the mode of submission proposed
by the resolution of the committee, based upon
the peculiarities of the system of representa-
tion in Connecticut, lie told us, when he in-
troduced his amendment-—
"Xhe reasons for this f will not givo now at any
length; but I will barely stute that it seems to mcso
important a proposition as this should bo ratified by
bodies selected for that very purpose. In my own
State it is peculiarly important, because in the first
placo the Logislaturo in that as in other States is not
chosen for ttiat purpose; and then again, as is well
known, the Legislature of the Stnta of Connecticut
does not represent the people in consequence of the
peculiar mode ot our representation."
Again, he spoke of " our unfortunate—I may
say rotten—borough system of representation."
What is he going to gain by the adoption of
his amendment, even if all that he says be
true regarding the system of representation in
Connecticut? The convention which, under
his amendment, would be called by the Legis-
lature, will be composed of delegates from
the towns precisely as the house of represent-
atives in the General Assembly is chosen now,
or else that system must, by some authority,
be changed. We have had two conventions
of the people of Connecticut; one in 1787, to
ratify the Constitution of the United States,
and one in 1818, to make a new constitution
for ourselves,-and in both instances the con-
ventions were composed of delegates from the
towns. But that is the very difficulty which
my colleague finds with the system of repre-
sentation in Connecticut, because one house
of the General Assembly is composed of dele-
gates from the towns; And what' is his rem-
edy for that? For such a stickler-for State
rights as he has become within the last year,
for a Senator who stands up before this body
and speaks of Connecticut as "an independent
republic," the first remedy which he proposed
upon the offering of his amendment was cer-
tainly a novelty. I-n the course of his argu-
ment upon the introduction of his amendment
I interposed, and this occurred between us :•
' "Mr. Fkkry. I wish it to be understood that the
drift of my colleague's argument is, that in submit-
ting this amendment to the Constitution to the peo-
ple of Connecticut he would have our system of repre-
sentation changed, not by the act of the people of
that State, but by act of Congress. Such is the drift
of his argument.
"Mr. Dixon. One word further, with the consent
of the Senate, on that question. I do not know that
there is any other method of changing the mode of
representation. Perhaps it might bo submitted to
the Legislature, I do not know but that Congress
would have power to authorize the Legislature to
point out the. mode in which the convention should
be chosen; but at any rate, if Congress is to do it, it
should be remembered that it is to do it by existing
power and authority. If the power exists in Con-
gress, then thereis nothingvery shocking to my mind
in the exercise of the power."
So that while my colleague is shocked at a
proposition to amend the Constitution of the
United States, proposed by Congress accord-
ing to the very letter and spirit of the Consti-
tution, and regards it as an assault upon the
independent sovereignty of Connecticut, he is
yet wilting that this very Congress shall inter-
fere with the institutions of our State even so
far as to change our system of representa-
tion. But upon reflection, the next day, he
abandons the remedy which in his zeal he
had first devised, and now proposes another,
that the amendment shall be submitted to a
convention, which, I take it for granted from
the drift of his argument he expects the Legis-
lature of Connecticut to provide shall notbe
composed of delegates from the towns, like
the conventions of 1787 and 1818, bat upon a
new system which shall more accord with his
ideas of popular representation.
Now, sir, let us see whether there is any
necessity for all this. The whole idea which
my colleague entertains with regard to the
system of representation in Connecticut is
founded, in my iudgment, on an utter misap-
prehension of what that system is.
It should be borne in mind that the essential
function of a State is local self-government,
whereby those concerns which most nearly and
continually affect the people are brought directly
undertheir own control. The more completely
this is accomplished, and the greater the share
of the functions of government which is reserved
to the people in their primary capacities, con-
sistently with the general welfare, the more
perfectly the proper end of State governments
will be attained. And this is precisely what
is aimed at in Connecticut. With us the town
is the unit of government. Pour fifths of the
proper functions of government are performed
by the whole body of the people, assembled
according to certain prescribed modes, in town
meeting. The important subjects of taxation,
education, pauperism, of internal communica-
tion by highways and bridges, with many others,
are there discussed and settled. In the lan-
guage of the statute, " the inhabitants of the
respective towns, in legal meeting assembled,
have power to make such orders, rules, and
regulations for the welfare of the towns as they
may deem expedient." Thus the town meet-
ing is at once a local legislature and a pure
democracy. In addition to this, in every town
exists an executive and judicial department of
government, chosen by the same democracy,
and if the Federal and State governments were
to be suddenly annihilated these little aton-
omies, if unmolested from abroad, would be
entirely capable of performing all the functions
of society.
This system began, sir, when there were but
three towns in the ancient colony of Connecti-
cut; for two hundred and thirty years it has
brought out for our people almost unmixed
good. It has fostered economy, diffused intel-
ligence, and generated and maintained a spirit
of individual freedom which lies at the found*
ation of our wonderful industrial prosperity.
The people of Connecticut will never voluntarily
surrender it or put it in peril. On the contrary
they will jealously cherish the safeguards which
they have thrown around .it to the last. Chief
among those safeguards is our system of repre-
sentation, by which the towns are made the
constituency of one branch of the Legislature.
For a brief period they lost it, while the char-
ter- lay hidden in the old oak at Hartford, and
Sir Edmund Andrns lorded it over New Eng-
land. But when the revolution of 1688 had
disposed both of him and his master, the char-
ter was again brought out to the light, the
towns resumed their functionsin the represent-
ative system, and as the threats of Sir Edmund
eould not, so the blandishments of my colleague
will not, induce the people of my State to aban-
don it.
Yet they have by no means lost sight of
the principle of popular representation. My
colleague seems to forget that there are two
branches of the General Assembly of Connec-
ticut, and that while the towns are represented
in one representation by population prevails
in the other, and both must concur in a con-
stitutional amendment. The constitution of
Connecticut provides that the State shall be
divided into districts for the choice of Sen-
ators, and the General Assemby shall determ-
ine what number shall be elected in each, re-
gard being had to the population in them;
and after each census the Assembly shall have
power to alter the same if found necessary to
preserve a proper equality between said dis-
tricts in respect to the number of inhabitants
therein. The Senators, like the Representa-
tives, are chosen annually, with the same pow-
ers and privileges, and thus are able to preserve
the equilibrium between the influence of popu-
lation and that of the towns. Thus to the
Legislature of Connecticut, above all, should
an amendmentoftheConstitutionofthe United
States be submitted, it meets in the one House
the representatives of the town democracies
and challenges their approval, and, as if to
gain a double assurance, presents itself next
in the Senate to the representatives of popu-
lation, without whose added ratificalion it fails
to gain the assent of the Legislature.
This brief sketch of thesystem of represent-
ation in Connecticut demonstrates the entire
fallacy of the argument of my colleague as
applied t,o the submission of the proposed
amendment of the Constitution to the people
of that State. The amendment is to go out to
that people now just upon the eve of an elec-
tion, and it goes with the indorsement of the
Republican party of Connecticut; and if the
people of Connecticut do not sanction it, they
will choose a Legislature that will vote that
party down; and there, before that people, I
and they are willing to meet those who dare
not meet us face to face upon the merits of this
proposition, but seek now by indirection and
technicalities to evade it.
But my colleague, as a final stroke in his
assault upon this beneficent measure, lifts up
again that old battle-cry which I thought had
gone down forever with the overthrow of the
rebellion. Adopt your amendment to the Con-
stitution, he says, and Connecticut ceases to
be an independent republic. When was she
one? If my State has ever been an independ-
ent republic, in his life time or in mine, J have
not known it. I heard in the other House
before the war began men who were plotting
to wrench this Republic asunder talk about
the independent republics of South Carolina
and Georgia and Mississippi and Alabama—
those utterances came from the lips of such
men as Keitt and Crawford and Barksdaleand
Davis—.but, sir, I did not expect now, after
that fierce struggle is over, that my colleague
would strike hands with those who in the spring
of 1801, claiming to represent'the Democracy
of Connecticut, and under the lead of Burr and
