THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
being taken up and made acting collectors.
The same rule does not apply to the same
extent td the assistant assessors. Assistant
assessors are officers appointed by the Govern-
ment. They receive five dollars a day. If the
assistant assessor became acting assessor he
jfoulcf still have his five dollars a day.
Then we found, from matters brought before
tie Committee of Ways and Means, that the
fule is not now as it was before. Disbursing
ftgents of the Treasury under the law inform
us, and this we also found out upon confer-
ersce with the. Senate, that they have estab-
lished a rule to pay all the incidental expenses,
sijch as office rent, &c., applicable to an assist-
ant assessor acting as assessor. _ It was origin-
ally complained of that the assistant assessor
ftetiog as assessor did not have those expenses
affowe'd, and on inquiry we find that they now
do. In view of this difference we consented
to the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. ROBINSON. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
say a word on this subject. I know that the
business of the House is pressing, but I will
not detain it long. I think the whole life has
been driven out of this bill by the conference
committee giving up the most important part
of it. I venture to say here, sir, that if there
is anything to be given the assistant assessors
require itmore than the deputy collectors. The
collectors of the revenue are better paid than
any assessors. As to traveling expenses and
other things, they have no reference to assist-
ant assessors in the cities, as they incur no
traveling expenses. If they travel it is in the
street cars.
Mr. Speaker, I do invite the attention of the
House to this report of the conference com-
mittee. If the bill is not to include assistant
assessors then the most meritorious part of it
is omitted. I would be ashamed to stand here
and advocate a bill when the most meritorious
part of it is stricken out, the part in reference
to the pay of these assistant assessors, for
which purpose it was originally passed. I do
most earnestly desire that the House will non-
concur in the report of the committee of con-
ference, but that the subject will be sent back
to another committee of conference so that jus-
tice maybe done to these meritorious assistant
assessors. In this report they are left out and
provision is only made in favor of deputy col-
lectors.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MYERS. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to yield to me.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, who was one of the
conferees on the part of the House.
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, if the gentle-
man from New York will give me his atten-
tion for a moment I think he will alter his
views. I was on the conference committee and
entertained the views he has expressed. Let
me state the facts which led us to the conclu-
sion which we have reported. At the first
blush it would appear as if assistant assessors
and deputy collectors should be placed upon
a par in the bill, but the fact is that the col-
lector himself jjays his deputy out of the
money allowed him. If a deputy collector act
ascollectorin case of a vacancy not provided for
at all, as the law stands he is not an officer of the
Government and cannot get any pay. Several
instances of the kind have happened, one I
recollect in the district of my colleague, [Mr.
Keixey.] There a deputy collector acted as
collector for two months during a vacancy, and
in that time received and paid over to the
Government $100,000, but up to this time he
has not received any pay for his services. The
case is different with an assistant assessor
acting as assessor during a vacancy. That
is an officer provided for by law. He gets five
dollars a day. The question was whether we
should pay the assistant assessor who acted as
chief assessor an additional sum for that time.
Now, the ground the Senate conferees took,
andrit was riot a bad one, was that if we adopt
the rule in regard to officers of the revenue we
shall have to pursue it In regardto officers of the
Army aa well as other officers in the cavil ser-
vice. The major who acts as colonel on the
resignation or death of the latter, or the colo-
nel who acts as brigadier general for a short
time, may just as well demand the pay of the
higher officer. So we concluded that deputy
collectors not getting pay under the law if they
act as collectors should be.provided for, while
assistant assessors, who are already provided
for by law and who get their regular pay at least,
need not be included. The conferees on the
part of the House, it is proper to add, en-
deavored to include both, but for the reasons
stated finally concurred in the action of the
Senate.
One thing more remains to be stated. It is
the objection, which at first sight seems to be
a pertinent dne, mentioned by the gentleman
from New York; that is, that the assistant
assessors acting in the higher capacity will have
some further expenses. We had, however,
before the conference committee a letter of
Comptroller Taylor, who has decided that under
the law as it stands the assistant assessors thus
acting can be paid for their office expenses and
stationery, &c., and I think traveling expenses
under his reasoning would be included ; there-
fore there is no further need of legislation on
that point. In this view we deemed it best not
to establish a new principle by the bill,_ but
merely provided for something that was omitted
in the present law.
Mr. ROBINSON. A single word further.
I appreciate the value of the time of the House
and shall not trespass but a moment. Every
argument, that my friend has used against giv-
ing anything to the assistant assessors would
apply equally to the deputy collectors. Their
expenses are paid and their stationery is paid
for, and yet they are to get additional pay for
the time they spend in carrying on the office in
the absence of the principal. I can state on
my own observation that I know assistant as-
sessors who get five dollars a day and have
had to work additional hours, sitting np till
after midnight performing the duties of assess-
ors, working sometimes sixteen hours a day
to make up for the deficiency of the principal.
Now, if you make the argument that you might
as well pay a colonel who acts as brigadier gen-
eral the pay of the latter why do you here
commence to make a distinction at all? Will
not the argument that you should pay a deputy
collector for his additional service be the same
as applied to a colonel for his additional or
higher service, or as applied to an assistant
assessor who does the work of his principal?
Sir, 1 trust the report of the committee of con-
ference will be voted down, for the most merit-
orious part of the bill is stricken out.
Mr. MYERS. I think the House under-
stands the matter fully and that the cases are
very different, and with that I leave the ques-
tion.
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio,
the Chair understood, had taken his seat and
resigned the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not intend to give
up the floor. I yielded to the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Robinson,] and then to my
colleague on the committee.
Mr. COVODE. Allow me one minute.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will do so.'
Mr. COVODE. I desire to state that the
assessor in my district, who has done the entire
duties of the office for more than a year since
the death of the principal, and whose business
amounts to more than that of any other district
in the State outside of the city of Philadelphia,
has only been drawing the pay of assistant
assessor. I hope equal justice will be done to
the assessors with the collectors.
Mr. SCHEN CK. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Robinson] does not seem to appre-
hend the distinction precisely between deputy
collectors and deputy assessors. Deputy col-
lectors are not officers of the law at all. 'The
collector is. responsible for the whole collection
1 of the taxes and he employs at his pleasure
his own assistants, paying them' out of bia own
pocket. , . •
Mr. ROBINSON. I understand that thor-
oughly.
Mr. SCHENCK. The consequence is that
some provision is absolutely necessary in case
of the death, resignation, or other occasional
vacancy in the office of collector, because til8
deputy collector succeeding to the duties of
collector would have no chief, no principal,
nobody to pay him. He is not recognized by
the Government, is not au officer of the Gov-
ernment, and hence we, by the amendments
which we now propose, make him so for the
purpose of supplying such vacancy and pro-
viding payment for it when it occurs. The
assistant assessor is also an officer of the law
as well as the assessor. He gets his five dol-
lars a day for his services in his sub-district op
general district. If he be transferred to the
office of assessor to fill a vacancy he still is an
assistant assessor acting as assessor, and gets
five dollars a day all the time he is employed.
We have received complaints, however, from
assistant assessors in some cases that they were
not allowed extra pay for expenses occasioned
by their transfer to the office of assessor. For
instance, I hold in my hand a letter written in
June last by a man of the name of Harrison,
of the second district in Indiana, in which he
says:
"Since the 4th of March, 1867,1 have been per-
forming the duties of assistant or division assessor
for this county, as well as acting assessor for this dis-
trict, without any extra pay or remuneration what-
ever, and there are divers expenses connected with
the assessor's office, such as office furniture, travel'
ing, fuel, lights, &e., borne by the person filling the>
office. These i have had to pay myself, at the fam®
time receiving only the pay of an assistant assessor."
The advantage he has is that he receives five*
dollars a day for all the time instead of five
dollars a day for the time that he is employed,
and they have established now a rule under a,
proper construction of the law, as they claim,
and I suppose it is, to pay these assessors for
all these expenses. Here is a letter from-the
First Comptroller of the Treasury Department,
stating what the practice is, and he states that
all these expenses are now paid. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. ROBINSON. Allow me to say one
word. The deputy collectors are paid higheF
rates all through the country than these assistant
assessors. That is all.
Mr. SCHENCK. They have a vast deal more
of responsibility.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the operation
thereof the report of the committee of confer-
ence was agreed to—ayes one hundred and two,
noes not counted.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report of the committee of
conference was agreed to; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills anz> joist resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills and a joint reso-
lution of the following titles; when, the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 284) for the relief of N.
A. Shuttleworth of Harrison county, West
Virginia;
Au act (H. R. No. 1128) for the relief of
An act (H. R. No. 1367) for the relief of
George Kaiser; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 265) for the relief
of Edward E. Shead, of Bastport, State of
Maine.
legislative appropriation bill. ,
The House then resumed the consideration
of House bill No. 1673 making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, ana judicial ex-
penses of the, Government for the year ending
the SOth of June, 1&70, reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state, of. the Union,
with sundry amendments.
