1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
JP
The next amendment, upon which a separate
vote was asked by Mr. Moorhead, was the fol-
lowing:
Fifteenth amendment:
Page 22, at the end of line five hundred and twenty-
three, insert the following:
Provided, That' no part of this sum shall be paid
as salary or compensation to the Special Commis-
fiioner of the Revenue after June 1, Jo/0.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
three minutes to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Moorhead.]
Mr. MOORHEAD. I -ise for the purpose
of withdrawing that amendment, and I will say
to the House in doing it that my object was
entirely accomplished in offering the amend-
ment. ' I know it is unpleasant to vote to take
away a man's salary, and I was somewhat as-
tonished at the emphatic rebuke that was given
by. the House to the Special Commissioner by
adopting the amendment. But having observed
the argument of thegentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
.Allison,] the friend of the Special Commis-
sioner, which I shall ask to have read, I am
willing that this amendment shall be with-
drawn, and I will not introduce a bill to abolish
this office. I now ask the Clerk to read the
extract from the speech of the gentleman from
Iowa, which I have marked.
The Clerk read as follows:
" I call on the gentlemen who intend to vote against
this Special Commissioner of the Revenue to remem-
ber that we are about to have a change of Adminis-
tration, and is it possible that a majority of this
House, having faith in theineoijiing President, be-
lieve that if we now have an omcer who is unfit for
the discharge of his duties the President will not
remove him andputin his place another man capable
of discharging the important duties that we have
imposed upon him by law? Therefore I trust we will
atloast continue the appropriation for eleven months
of the next fisoal year.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Having full confidence
that the next Administration, after the strong
expression of the House, will do as the gentle-
man says, I am willing that the amendment
shall be withdrawn and the next Congress take
action on abolishing the office.
By unanimous consent the amendment was
withdrawn.
Seventeenth amendment, upon which a sepa-
rate vote was asked by Mr. Hoi/man.
Page 23, after line five hundred and forty-four,
insert:
Office of Education:
I?or Commissioner of Education, $3,000; for clerk
of class one, $2,400; for contingent expenses, $600,
$6,000.
The question was put; and the amendment
was agreed to—ayes 76, noes 39.
The following amendment was read:
Strike out the following clause:
Por surveyor general of Utah Territory, $3,000, and
the clerks in his office, $4,000,
Mr. PRICE. That amendment was made
on my motion. I made the motion under a
misapprehension, and I hope the amendment
will not be agreed to.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. When in
the Committee of the Whole an amendment
was adopted fixing the pay of female clerks at
$1,200 a year—in the bill a lower salary had
been fixed—I then stated that if the House
adopted the amendment of the Committee of
the Whole I would ask leave to have the vari-
ous sums named in the bill so changed as to
meet the new rate of pay for female clerks. I
now ask unanimous consent that the various
sums be changed to correspond with that
amendment which has been adopted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would suggest that it
would be as well to adopt a general provision
appropriating so much money as may be neces-
sary for the purpose.
■ Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The bill
must be corrected in several places. For in-
stance, in one place it provides for twenty
female clerks $18,000; whereas it should now
read $-24,000. I propose to have the bill cor-
rected' to correspond with the action of the
House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection to that.
No objection being made, it was ordered
accordingly.'
The following amendment was read:
Strike out "410,000" and insert "$15,000" ia the
following clause:
Agricultural statWcs:
For collecting statistics and materia) for aimisd
report, $10,000.
Mr. HOLMAN and Mr. SCOFIELD called
for a separate vote on the amendment.
The question was taken ; and the amendment
was agreed to, on a division—ayes 68, noes 45.
The following amendment was read:
Strike out the following:
Branch mint at Denver :
For assayer, (who shall have charge of the said
mint,) $1,800.
For melter and refiner and coiner, at
43,600.
For two clerks, at $1,800 each. $3,600.
For wages of workmen, $12,000.
For incidental and contingent expenses, ©,000;
Provided, That after the 1st day of July, 1869, the
branch mint at Denver shall be carried oa as an ass$y
office only, and all unexpended balance of appropri-
ations shall be paid and covered into the Treasuryaf
the United States ;and all the offices not herein pro-
vided for are hereby abolished.
And insert in lieu thereof th^ following:
Branch mint at Denver:
For superintendent, $2,000; assayer, $1,809; melter
and refiner, $1,800; three clerks, one of whom shall
act as clerk to the Assistant Treasurer of the United
States of the branch mint, §55,400-; wages of workmen,
811,000; incidental and contingent expenses, $2,400;
additional salary of superintendent for services as
Assistant Treasurer of the United States, $500, or so
much thereof as shall be necessary: Provided, The
entire expenses of the braneh mint at Denver for the
fiscal year ending- June 30,187U, shali notexceed the
sum herein appropriated.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to have a separate vote on this amendment.
The Committee on Appropriations, fronr in-
formation received from the officers of the
Mint at Philadelphia, and, as I understand,- in
pursuance of the recommendation of the Com-
mittee on Coinage, Weights, and Measures of
this House, came to the conclusion that it was
best to do away with these small mints where
the expense was largely out of proportion to
the amount of work done. In order that the
people in the region of Denver should have all
the benefit it would give we recommended
closing the mint at that place and continuing
the establishment as an assay office, and we
reported an appropriation for that purpose.
Some gentleman with a local interest in the
mint offered this amendment, which was agreed
to in Committee of the Whole, with the under-
standing that a separate vote should be taken
upon it in the House; and I am instructed by
the Committee on Appropriations to ask that
this amendment be not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] if the
amendment offered by the Delegate from Col-
orado [Mr. Chilcott] increases the appropri-
ation ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. " It in-
creases it largely.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think it makes itthe same,
or perhaps a few hundred dollars less.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It adds
the machinery of a mint to the assay office.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the gentleman will
find that the appropriation is about the same.
The committee report an appropriation of
$1,800 for a coiner. This amendment makes
the same appropriation for a superintendent;
and then the people there will have the advan-
tage of a depositary at Denver,* which they can-
not have if it is merely an assay office.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I resume
the floor, and yield to thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Kellet.]
Mr. KELLEY. As chairman of the Com-
mittee on Coinage, Weights, and Measures, I
have, under the instructions of that committee,
prepared and reported a bill to reduce the
mint at Denver City to an assay office. I hold
in my hand a letter from the Treasury Depart-
ment, to which I invite the attention of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holmak.] From
that letter it appears that the total amount of
bullion deposited in the branch mintat Denver
during the year 1866 was $160,982 94; in
1867 it was $130,559 70; in 1868 it was-
$357,935 11. The largest amount ever depos-
ited there was $341,559 04, in the year 1864.
This letter farther states that the total expense
of conducting this institution from November
20, 1862, when it was first established, to tb 
close of the last fiscal year waa $2.j5;(H1 34;
while the total receipts for the same period
were only $9,512 89. In other words we have
expended in round numbers $235,000 in order
to earn $#,500. The letter farther states that
no coinage has ever been executed at Denver
and no appropriation has ever been mad® to
procure apparatus and machinery for that pur-
pose. It thus appears that the whole sum which
this amendment proposes to appropriate is to
be expended in maintaining sineetire offices—
offices the duties of which caanot he performed.
Mr. HOLSAN. The gentleman from Penns-
sylvania [Mr. kellet] is laboring tinder a
very great mistake, as 1 shall be able to show
him. The bill as it stand&appropriates $26,800>.
The amendment offered by the geotteman from
Colorado appropriates only $24,900, being a
reduction of $1,400. One word more. The
bill provides for a coiner. I believe it is ad-
mitted on all hands that a coiner is not neces-
sary, that no coining has ever been done at
this mint and there is bo expectation that any
will foe.done. Still the bill as it stands pro-
vides for a coiner with a salary of $1,800 a
year. This officer should of course be dis-
pensed with.
I agree that thesfr expenses ought to be re-
duced, and the amendment of the gentlemaa
from Colorado proposes a very manifest redac-
tion. I think the effect of the amendment has
been entirely misapprehended. I trust the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butujk.}
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Sellet] will not overlook the fact that ths
proposition of the gentleman from Colorado
will keep at this place as a Government de-
positary an officer of the sub-Treasury, while
there is still a reduction of the expenditure
proposed in the bill.
Mr. _ B UTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield for further debate. The facts are before
the House.
Mr. BARNES. Will not the gentleman
allow me three minutes ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot:
yield for any further discussion of this subject.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 31, noes 53 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. WashbuKH
of Massachusetts and Mr. Holman were ap-
pointed.
The Souse divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 44, noes 84.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
TheSPEAKER. The amendments reported
from the Committee of the Whole having all
been acted on the Clerk will now report- the
amendment offered in the House by the gentle-
eman from "Vermont, [Mr. Poland.]
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the bill the following as a new section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That ibe clerks,
messengers, watchmen, laborers, and other persons,
male and female now employed at Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, at   salary fixed by law or by reg-
ulationsof a Department, in the State. Treasury*
Navy, War, Interior, Agricultural, and Post Office
Departments, including" the Attorney General's of-
fice. the city post office, and the bureaus and brunches
of the several Depirtmests herein named, who are
paid at a rate not exceeding §1,800 per annum, shstli
be allowed an additional compensation of ten pe?
cent, on the amount of salary or pay received by
them respectively during the past and present fiscal
years; and that the necessary amount to pay too'
same be, and is hereby, appropriated oat of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriate®.
The SPEAKER. To this amendment aa
amendment was offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. O'Neill.] It will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Amend the aiB'end'tfientbyif! seating after the words
*'eity p©8ioflie«" the following: '
Theelerk8,carrierSrand<*mpioyeSrmale anal© male,
in the Philadelphia post office.
The SPEAKER. The question is first upon
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts* I desire
merely to state the operation of these amend-
ments, and then I will call for a vote.
The House, by a vote which it is not ncrw
