1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8#S
Seymour and Eaton proclaimed that this Gov-
ernment was without the power to put down a
rebellion, because every State was an independ-
ent republic, and had a right to secede at its
pleasure. No, sir; the people of Connecticut,
■when South Carolina proclaimed that doctrine,
did not believe it. I resisted it in Coagress be-
fore the war; 1 resisted it before; my people in the
spring of 1861; and when the assertion of the
sovereignty of the independent republics ofthe
South flamed out into rebellion and threatened
to devour the national sovereignty a million
of the young men of this nation went out to
meet it, and to trample it down in bloody mire
forever; and now when we simply propose to
extend to an innocent, a law-abiding, an indus-
trious, a peaceful portion of the citizens of the
United States rights which God gave them,
and of which man for generations has deprived
tbetn, my colleague raises the old cry of State
sovereignty and independent republics to cast
odium upon it. *
Mr. DIXON. I am sorry to interrupt ray
colleague, but if he will allow me, as he has
appealed to me on this subject, I will say a
word.
Mr. FERRY. Certainly.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, my Colleague
objects to 
Mr. FERRY. J am not through ; but I am
willing my colleague shall ask me any ques-
tion or make any explanation. If it is to be a
long explanation I prefer that he should wait
until I get through.
Mr. DIXON. I wish to be heard only briefly
on this point.
Mr. FERRY. Perhaps my colleague had
better wait until I get through.
Mr. DIXON. Very well.
Mr. FERRY. No, sir; this pretense that
the independence of Connecticut is to be de-
molished by doing right to a portion of her
citizens seems to me like the politician's after-
thought, as 1 said before ; for, committed as
he is to the rectitude of the principle involved
in this amendment, some mode mast be de-
vised of awakening prejudice other than by
the old cry against the negro, in order to
escape from the position in which he is placed
by his new party affiliations. What limitation
is put upon such independence as remains to
Connecticut since the adoption of the Consti-
tution of the United States by this amend-
ment differing in principle from the limitations
already imposed by that instrument? How
came the Constitution to be adopted at all?
Sir, it was because Connecticut and the other
States were too independent under the old
confederation. They were independent enough
to do wrong. They were independent enough
to refuse plighted faith. They wereindepend-
ent enough to neglect to support the Govern-
ment which they had created, by obedience
to its requisitions. They were independent
enough to break down the general welfare by
imposing onerous taxes upon the trade of
each other. And, therefore, the people chose
a convention to make for us a constitution
which should limit this independent capacity
of doing wrong.
I was about to refer to the different articles
and clauses of the Constitution which place
these limitations upon the power of the States
thus to detract from the general welfare. I
will not take the time. They are familiar to
us all. ' There have been amendments adopted
to the Constitution for the same purpose. When
experience has shown that the States retained
the power to do wrong, and exercised it to the
general injury, the people have amended their
Constitution and limited that power. Most
conspicuous of all these recent limitations was
that which took away the power originally left
by the Constitution in the States to inflict
slavery upon man. It was a power that the
States had to do wrong, and the people by eoa-
stitutionalamendment^ookitaway. Now,there
is left behind another powerto the States to do
wrong—a power instead of enslaving the labor-
ing masses of society to disfranchise them;
and that power .the amendment pending pro-
poses to take away, and nothing more.
Mr. DIXON. I am sorry to interrupt my
colleague, but with his permission I will ask
him a single question at this stage. •
Mr. FERRY. Certainly.
Mr. DIXON. I wish to inquire of my ool-
league if I understand him correctly that he
now denies that-the State of Connecticut ig an
independent republic ?
Mr. FERRY; I do.
M.r. DIXON. He has stated it to be a doc-
trine new to himself, as I understood him, and
to use, and a doctrine which had not existed
consistently with truth since my recollection.
Now, does the Senator deny that the State of
Connecticut is an independent republic ?
Mr. FERRY. I do emphatically, and I
propose to prove it.
Mr. DIXON. I beg leave, with tho Sen-
ator's consent, to refer him to something which
seems to strike him as a novelty 
Mr. FERRY. I remember the bill to which
my colleague refers, I presume.
Mr. DIXON. He speaks of this idea that
the State of Connecticut, like other States,
is an independent republic as not only a
novel claim, but as one that was only set up
by South Carolina and by other States which
were afterward its rebellion. He speaks of it
as something new in the State of Connecticut-
invented by me—a politician's afterthoisghtl
Now, let us see whether it is a politician's
afterthought. The State of Connecticut pro-
vides in her constitution that her electors be-
fore voting shall take such oath as shall be
prescribed by law. That oath my colleague
took. That oath I took. He seems to have
forgotten it; it seems to have made little im-
pression upon his mind. Let me revive his
recollection:
"You. A B, do solemnly swear that you will ho
true and faithful to the State of Connecticut and tho
constitution and government thereof, as afreo and
independent State, and to the Constitution of the
United States," &o.
"A free and independent State " is the lan-
guage. Tho Senator, as I understand him,
says now it is not an independent State or an
independent republic ; that that is a new idea,
an afterthought.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator be good
enough to s'ate the date of that constitution?
Mr. DIXON. Eighteen hundred and eight-
een. If my colleague will allow me. I will
refer him 
Mr. PERRY. I prefer to go ori and answer
the question which my colleague has put. I
gave him an opportunity both to ask a ques-
tion and make his own comments on his ques-
tion. My colleague has referred to the ordi-
nary elector's oath taken by the citizens of
Connecticut, in which the relations of the State
of Connecticut as a State to the General Gov-
ernment are not obscurely intimated, and in
whicn it is as clearly as day made known to
every citizen who shall take the oath that the
Government of the United States is the only
independent republic in any appropriate sense
of those words of which the people of Connec-
ticut are citizens. We are exercising a con-
stitutional power of the United States my
colleague argues against, because Connecticut,
as he says, is an independent republic. The
only meaning of his word is, independent in
its relations to the United States. If he does
not mean this, his argument amounts to noth-
ing. And, in this, his obvious meaning, Con-
necticut is not an independent republic. It
is restrained by the limitations of the Coristi-
tution of the United States, which take away
from it all the essential functions of such an
independency. The State of Connecticut is
part and parcel of one great republic, and
while I rejoice that I am its citizen, while I
am proud of its history and proud of the energy
and enterprise of its people, I am prouder still
that I am a citizen of a great Republic span*
ningthe continent,where soon, underthe benefi-
cent operation of this amendment, law every-
where is to be liberty and liberty everywhere
is to be law, and which is too mighty to,drga4
the mightiest among the Powers of the earths
God help little Connecticut if she were indeed
such an independent republic as my colleague
would have her to be,. God help little Con-
necticut if she had not the bulwark of this
great nation, of which she is a component part,
to stand between her and the ambiti<?u& en-,
croachments of alien Powers too strong for her
unaided strength to resist,
Mr. DIXON, Mr. President  . _ .
Mr. FERRY. I would prefer that my col'
league should wait until I get through. I aw
willing, however, to answer a question.
Mr. DIXON, I ask my colleague what he
meant when he swore that the State of Con-
necticut was an independent State ? I should
like an explanation of that. ,
Mr._ FERRY. My colleague makes a terri-
ble mistake about our official oath. I never
swore that the State of Connecticut was an
independent State, nor he either. We swore
to be true and faithful to the constitution and
laws of the State of Connecticut., as a free and
independent State, and to the Constitution of
the United States.
Mr. DIXON. Of course.
Mr. FERRY. Thes-eby indicating, and indi*
eating clearly, the true position which tbat Com 
monwealth, like all the Stales, holds in this
great Commonwealth of States; and if in the
language of that official oath my colleague can
find anything to sustain him in his new posi-
tion, either to the satisfaction of his own Con-
science or before the people of Connecticut, I
shall wish him joy of his discovery.
Mr. DIXON. Will my colleague allow me
to read it once more, and perhaps it will more
explicitly and clearly illustrate the idea which
he is attempting to explain, that the State of
Connecticut is not an independent State be-
cause we have promised to support the Con-
stitution of the United States:
"You solemnly swear that you will bo tmo a-nd
faithful to tho State of Connecticut and the consti-
tution and government thereof, as a free and inde-
pendent Stato."
Now, what I would like to know from my
colleague, if he will condescend to answer it,
is whether or not at that time and at this time
the State of Connecticut was and is, notwith-
standing the citizens thereof have sworn to
support the Constitution of the United Stat§s(
a free and independent State?
Mr. FERRY. In the sense of those words
as used by my colleague heretofore, the State
of Connecticut is not, and never has been since
the adoption of the Constitution of the United
States an indepe.ideut republic, for its inde-
pendency is limited by the provisions of the
Constitution which control the exercise of the
functions of sovereignty by the States ; bat so
far as the exercise of the functions of local
self-government properly devolved upon the
States by our American system is concerned,
the State of Connecticut in its relations with
the otherStat.es, they themselves exercising the
same functions of local self-government, is in-
dependent of them. And such is the meaning
of the elector's oath. But an independent
republic—in language which would be under-
stood to convey all that the meaning of those
words does convey, and which I certaiuly under-
stood my colleague to intend to communicate
the othec day—Connecticut is not any more
than was South Carolina an independent repub-
lic when she undertook to proclaim her inde-
pendency by raising the flag of secession.
But enough, Mr. President, upon this branch
ofthe topic. My colleague has one more argu-
ment appropriate again to the system of things
in Connecticut, and I am sorry to be compelled
to comment upon this because it develops an
injustice still maintained in my State. Con-
necticut, said he, does no wrong to the negro
by disfranchising him because slse does not tax
him. Let my colleague apply that argument
to himself or to any American who has an arm
strong enough to grasp a musket or a heart with
life enough its it to beat, would you give up
