TTO CONGRESSIONAL GLOBl.
February 2#,
TBy province to (|uestioti, hasiaise'd the pay of
au the female clerks in the Departments to
$1,200 a year, and the pay of all the watch-
pren, &c., to $720. It is now proposed to add
ten per cent, to the pay of all the clerks, male
and female, and all others employed in any of
the Departments at Washington for a year
pakt and a year hence. This would bring up
the pay of all the female clerks to $1,400.
'Mr. WARD.' And it amounts to twenty per
cent.
Mr. BUTLER. of Massachusetts. Yes; it
amounts to twenty per cent.
"Mr. AXTELL. Does not the increased pay
of the female clerks apply to the coming fiscal
ytfarf and is not this ten per cent, for the last
year and the present year ?
'M'r.' BUTLER, of Massachusetts. For the
last year and the next year.
' Mr. AXTELL. No; it is for the last year
and this year ; and the increase of the pay of
the female clerks is for the next fiscal year.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand differently.
• 'Now, the simple question is whether the
House is ready to adopt the amendment now
pending. We are asked to legislate this in-
crease to men and women who have in many
cases got their pay and gone home satisfied.
We propose to pay those who are out of office
as #ell as those still in office this increase for
the past and the future, for the next year and
for last year. And yet we are doing that in
flie name of the country.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] is not
quite correct in stating the effect of the amend-
ment agreed upon in the House last evening.
That amendment is in these words:
The compensation of the female clerks authorized
by this section shall be the same as of clerks of the
first class, and where employed on work performed
by clerks of the higher classes they shall receive like
compensation with the other clerks of such classes.
It will be seen, therefore, it only applies to
the clerks "authorized by this section." I
did, not have the entire bill before me when
the vote was taken on this amendment, and in
the confusion which will sometimes unavoid-
ably prevail in this Hall the amendment may
not have been fully understood. But it is, if
I am not mistaken, limited, as stated, to some
sixty female clerks, who perform the same
duties as male clerks in the same Department.
Itnow of no reason why a female who per-
forms official services should not receive the
saihe pay as a" man for the same or like ser-
vices. The true rule, it seems to me. is to
measure services by their value, .not by the
sex of the person performing them. There
are some females employed in the Depart-
ments whose services are not of the value of
afirst-class clerk, and they should not receive
so much pay. Then there are others who are
performing services requiring a degree'of skill
rarely attainable by men, and they should be
paid for such skilled labor without regard to
sex " or previous condition." General Spin-
ner, the Treasurer, showed me the charred
remains of some millions of greenbacks and
bank notes being separated and denomina-
tions ascertained by the skill of female clerks
of so high an order that men could rarely
attain it.
Then, there are services to be performed by
men requiring no skill at all, and for which no
just rule would give equal compensation with
that skilled labor which has cost years of toil
to attain. I am opposed to raising the salary
of any officer, clerk, or employe of the Govern-
ment ; so far as I now know I will not vote to
increase any, but I would vote to fix by law a
ja^t salary for officers, clerks, and employes,
generally reducing most of the salaries now
P&id, and I would fix the compensation by a
just_rule having reference to the value of the
settees Required. Then, I would not inquire
as to the sex of the person performing them,
but I would select such persons as would ren-
der" the most and the.best services of the kind
required regardless of'all other considerations,
except only those founded on services to the
country and the claims of charity, not incon-
'sistent with the public interests. But the gov-
ernment that would pay for services according
to sex—'giving a man twice as much pay as a
woman for the same work—is a compound of
meanness and dishonesty unworthy of the re-
spect of any man who ever had a mother, any
husband having a wife who may become a
widow, or any father having a daughter who
may in the present or the future be required to
earn a support by honest industry in official
employment or otherwise. Let us be just, and
then let us inaugurate a system of retrench-
ment and economy which will save millions to
the people. I have always so voted and will
continue so to vote.
I agree with the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr.'butler] that we ought to vote down
the amendment of the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Poland.] I have always voted
against all propositions to add a percentage to
salaries. It is wrong in principle. Salaries
should be fixed by law. The Republican party
came into power on pledges of retrenchment
and economy. Let these pledges be fulfilled.
The country expects it, and for one I demand
that our professions and our practice shall
correspond.
Mr. Chanler rose.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
yield. The last time I yielded to him he in-
sulted me.
Mr. CHANLER. And you were worthy of
the insult.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
to the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Speaker, two years
ago this House passed a resolution giving
twenty per cent, to these employes, and the
Committee on Retrenchment called on the
various Departments for a statement of the
expenditure under that resolution. I hold in
my hand the figures, and it appears from them
that the aggregate amount paid was $1,538,142.
A Member. What is that?
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is the aggregate
amount of the twenty per cent, extra pay we
voted to these employes two years ago. It was
over one million and a half dollars. It is true
that this resolution on its face is only for ten
per cent., but gentlemen must recollect that
itapplies fortwoyears, whiehis virtually voting
them twenty per cent.
Mr. POLAND. I wish to ask the gentle-
man whether the twenty per cent, did not reach
a much higher class of clerks?
Mr. BENJAMIN. T was about to say that
this resolution was not as comprehensive but it
will make but little difference in the aggregate
amount. Ther^ are but few clerks between
$1,800 and $2,500. I believe there is a re-
striction here that this shall onlyapp'iyto those
below SI,800. The restriction before was
below $3,000.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to call theattention of the House to theamend-
ment. It is as follows :
Sec. —. And be it further exacted, That the clerks,
messengers, watchmen, and laborers, or other per-
sons, male and female, now employed at Washing-
ton, District of Columbia, at a salary fixed by law or
by regulations ofa Department, in the State, Treas-
ury, War, Navy, Interior, Agricultural, and Post
Office Departments, including the Attorney Gen-
eral's office and city post office and the bureaus or
branches of the several Departments herein named,
who are paid at a rate not exceeding 62,500 per an-
num, -h:;!I he allowed an additional compensation
of ten per cent, on the amount of salary or pay
received or that shall be received by them respect-
ively during the past and present fiscal years; and
that the necessary amount to pay the same be, and
is hereby, appropriated out of any money in the
treasury not otherwise appropriated.
I now call for the vote.
Mr. WARD. I demand the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
Mr.O' Neill's amendment to the amendment-
was disagreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield for three minutes to the gentleman from
Vermont. ,
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, I offered this
amendment at the solicitation of a committee
on behalf of the clerks of the Departments. I
said to them I thought it was just and right
they should have an opportunity to have this
question fairly brought before the House, that
they might have the judgment of the House
upon it, and for that purpose I would offer it,
but I would not advocate it. The subject had
been up and debated several times. It had
been discussed in the public press by Mr.
Greeley and his journal on the one side argu-
ing against it, and by other journals arguing
in its favor. As the House well understood
the question I told them that I would not
trouble myself or the House with debating it
at all.
Mr. Speaker, the salaries of these clerks is
the same now as before the war and for many
years before that. I think every man in this
House will agree that these salaries are now
very insufficient and incompetent, or were very
much too large when they were established,
for every man who has lived in Washington or
lived anywhere in the United States knows
that the cost of living has doubled in that
time—that it has increased here more than
anywhere else.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether the cost of living is increased
anymore in Washington than it is everywhere
else throughout the country?
Mr. POLAND. I think it is in a much
greater proportion. Therefore, if these sala-
ries were not very much too large when they
were established, they are very much too
small now. But, as I had occasion to say to
the House a day or two ago on the question of
judges' salaries, I do not believe this is a good
time to permanently raise salaries. We hope
to get back to the good old times or pretty
near to them at some time. Therefore it was
that two years ago instead of raising these sal-
aries Congress said they would make a tempo-
rary provision. So they added twenty per cent,
to the pay of the clerks, and instead of stop-
ping at the low figure of $1,800 they went up
to $3,000. This proposition is only to pay ten
per cent, to those who have $1,800 or less.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
two minutes to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Logan,] to close debate.
Mr. LOGAN. I merely desire to say this;
that inasmuch as I was called into this debate
indirectly, at least, by the gentleman from
Vermont, in reference to a statement I made
the other night, and inasmuch as that statement
is disputed, I repeat it, and am ready to con-
firm it by the head of the bureau. That state-
ment was that eighteen clerks had been di8*
charged for various reasons in a certain bureau
in the Treasury Department: that they were
sent back by the Secretary, and the head of the
bureau said he did not want them, and would
not have them, and they were then transferred
to the Third Auditor's department.
>i Mr. BENJAMIN. Permit me to make a.
!' statement in that connection.
|i Mr. LOGAN. Very well.
|j Mr. BENJAMIN. The Second Auditor of
!l the Treasury told me he had fifty clerks in his
!| office that he had no earthly use for.
|j Mr. LOGAN. Now, I call attention to this
feet. About the same time that we passed a
law raising .the clerks' pay twenty per cent, we
also raised the pay of certain officers of the
Army and Navy thirty-three percent., with the
understanding that the increase was to stop.
Now, I ask gentlemen who have beenhere since
that time if they have not been besieged by
these clerks for this twenty per cent, and by
Army officers for their thirty-three-per cent.,
and if you have not refused to reenact the law ?
You have seenacted the law giving thirty-three
per cent, to a portion of the Navy officers ;
but I hope Congress will take it off from all and,
leave the amount of pay fixed. If the clerks
do not get enough, raise their salaries W law^
but do not increase it by a percentage* <; There
is ope clerk who was appointed when.I first
came here, on my recommendation. He was
a captain in the Army, and served'four years.
