1612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
were here he would vote "no" and I would
vote "ay/'
^ ilr. ftLDRID&E. Caa this vote be recon•
wderedV
. , The SPEAKER. It cannot, It has been
once reconsidered, which exhausts the power
of the House in that respect.
Mr. ELDRID'GE. I was going to change my
Tate if this could bo reconsidered -f as it cannot
I will not do so.
* The last amendment was one offered by Mr.
Hqlman, to add to the bill the following:
And be it further enacted, That the sum necessary
to pay th^compensatioaof the female clerks, as pro-
vided for in tbo first section of this act, is hereby
appropriated Out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. HOLM/IN. I do not think it is neces-
sary tb adopt this amendment now, inasmuch
as the gentleman from Massachusetts fMr.Bui-
t'Elt] asked and obtained unanimous consent
to have the bill changed in various places to
correspond to an amendment adopted by the
House upon this subject.
■(he SPEAKER. The Chair, in accordance
with the order of the House, has instructed
the engrossing clerk to make the necessary
changes.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The amendment was accordingly withdrawn.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. MUtfGEN. Upon that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were nine in the
affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of the
last vote) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. SCOF1ELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
asylum for disabled soldiers.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
board of managers of the National Asylum
for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
PHILADELPHIA NXW-YARB.
Mr. PIKE, by unanimous consent, presented
from the Committee on Naval Affairs a report
relative to the purchase by Theodore ZelJer,
engineer of the Philadelphia navy-yard, of cer-
tain tools and machinery ; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RELLEY, on the part of a minority of
the same committee, presented, by unanimous
consent, a minority report on the same subject;
wfyich was laid ou the table, and ordered to
be printed'.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The House now resumes
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1911)
making appropriations to supply deficiencies
"> the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1869, and for other purposes. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofibld] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, in accord-
ance with an arrangement that has been made
I yield for half anhour to the gentleman from
New-York [Mr. Lafi.Iiv] that lie may bring
before the House the joint resolution from the
Senate relative to reporting and publishing the
debates. I yield on the condition that if at
the end of half an hour the business of the
gentleman from New York should not be con-
cluded the'Bouse shall resume the considera-
tion ol the deficiency bill.
1 he SPIiiAKER, That understanding will
be carried ont, unless at the expiration of the
time named the House should be eing&ged in
taking the yeas dad nays, in which case' the!
roll-call could not be interrupted.
publication of the debates.
Mr. LAFLIN. I move that the rule3 be
suspended and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to proceed to the consideration of the
joint resoluticpi (S. R. No. 281) providing for
the reporting and publication of the debatesin
Mr. MAYNARD. Why should it not be
considered in the House?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I suggest to the
gentleman from New York that the resolution
be considered in the House as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. LAFLIN. I ask unanimous consent
that the joint resolution be considered in the
House as in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the joint resolution will be considered in the
House as in Committee of the Whole.
There was no objection.
The joint resolution was taken from the
Speaker's table, and read the first and second
time.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read at length.
The Clerk read as follows:
Be it resolved, &e.. That the joint Committee of
Congress on Public Printing is hereby authorized to
contract on behalf of the General Government with
Rives & Bailey for the reporting and publication of
the debates of Congress for the term of two years on
and from the 4th day of March, 1869: Provided, That
before the United States shall be called on to pay for
any reporting or the publication of the debates the
accounts therefor shall be submitted to thejoint Com-
mittee on Public Printing or to such other officer or
officers of Congress as they may designate, and on
their or his approbation thereof, as being in all re-
spects according to the contracts, it shall be paid for
from the Treasury of the United States, after having
passed the proper acconnting officers thereof.
_ Sec. 2. And be it further resolved. That in case the
joint Committee on Public Printing are unable to
conclude a satisfactory contract with the said Rives
& Bailey, or that they be unable to fulfill any con-
tract that they may make, the joint Committee on
Public Printing be authorized to have the debates
reported and printed under the direction of the Con-
gressional Printer at the Government Printing Office.
Sec. 3. A nd be it further resolved. That for the pur-
pose aforesaid there be appropriated and paid out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated the sum of $350,000, or so much thereof as may
be nccessary.
Mr._ LAFLIN. Mr. Speaker, as I am per-
mitted by the Committee on Appropriations,
under the press of business before the House,
to occupy but the short period of thirty minutes,
and as this is a subject in which are involved
the rights and privileges of each member I
trust 1 shall not be considered immodest if I
bespeak for what I may have to offer upon this
subject the careful and earnest attention of
every member. I shall endeavor to present to
the House, in as close and succinct a manner
as I can command, the facts in this case; and I
believe that if each member will give strict at-
tention to what I shall say ne friend of either
of the plans proposed for reporting and pub-
lishing the debates in Congress will have any
reason to complain of the position which I
occupy with reference to this joint resolution.
In the first place, that the House may clearly
understand what our committee propose to lay
before them, I will state the amendments which
the Committee on Printing have instructed me
to offer to this joint resolution. In line five I
shall move to insert after the words "Rives
& Bailey " the words "or J. T. Crowell;" so
that it will read 
Mr. COVODE. "Will the gentleman yield
for a question?
Mr. LAFLIN. ^ Mr. Speaker, acknowledging
the courtesy that is due to every member of this
House, I trust that no one will consider me
guilty of discourtesy if, with only thirty minutes
allowed me to explain a bill involving an ex-
penditure of hundreds of thousands of dollars,
I shall decline to yield.
Mr. COVODE. Is this the Crowell whom
I put through in my investigation as one of the
parties who were engaged in the Kansas frauds?
[Great laughter.]
Mr. KERR. Of course it is the same man.
[Renewed laughter.]
Mr. LAFLIN. If the House will give me
the opportunity I will answer all questions and
endeavor to vindicate the amendments I shall
propose. The amendments I offer are as fol-
lows:
In line five, after the words "Hives <fc Bailey," in-
sert "orJ.T. Crowell."
In line three, section two, also after the words
"Rives & Bailey," insert " or J. T. Crowell." -
At the end of thejoint resolution addthesa words:
"And to issue new proposals for reporting and pub-
lishing the debates in Congress;" and in line threa
strike out "$350,000," and in lieu thereof insert
"$260,000."
Mr. Speaker, the present contract for re-
porting and publishing the debates in Con-
gress as provided by law will expire on the
4th of March- next. In anticipation of that
fact, at the close of the July session, the Com-
mittee on Printing were empowered to issue
advertisements for proposals for the reporting
and publication of the debates in Congress.
On the 4th of January last that committee
issued such advertisements, and the proposals'
were opened on the 14th day of January last.
At the same time that they called for these
proposals they asked the Congressional Printer
to submit, for the guidance of the committee,
an estimate of the probable cost of this re-
porting and publication in connection with the
Government Printing Office. When these pro-
posals were opened it was found that there
were two private bidders: one was made by
the present proprietors of the Globe, Messrs.
Rives & Bailey, and the other by J. T. Crow-
ell, of Rahway, New Jersey. In order that
we might properly comprehend the meaning
of these bids, the terms used being so tech-
nical in their character that it was difficult for
the committee to decipher them, we submitted
them to an expert in the Government Printing
Office, and for the purpose of definitely de-
termining the character of these bids we di-
rected that expert to determine the compara-
tive merits of these bids upon the basis of
the debates that were reported for the Thirty-
Ninth Congress. Taking that as the basis we
found, as reported to us by this expert, this
to be the case. And right here I want every
man in this House, and especially the reporters
for the Associated Press, clearly to understand
what I have to say and to listen closely to the
explanation I have to make; for this has be-
come the subject of newspaper discussion and-
very erroneous impressions abroad touching
the character of these bids. I shall endeavor
to speak with as much accuracy as the docu-
ments before me and the investigation we have
made will fully warrant.
These bids as first reported to us show this
to be the fact: the proposal of Rives & Bailey,
the present proprietors of the Daily Globe, was,
on the basis of the Thirty-Ninth Congress,
$389,454 96. The proposition of Joseph T.
Crowell, the otherprivate bidder upon the same
basis, was §201,149 SO. The estimate, as fur-
nished by the Congressional Printer for the
same work, was $276,494 84. That we might
be positive this expert had done his duty prop-
erly, we submitted the interpretation the expert
had made to the bidder himself, submitting
the interpretation of each bidder only to that
bidder, and we received from each of these
parties an explanation of this interpretation.
Inasmuch as this interpretation must beeome
part and parcel of any contract we may enter
into with these parties it is due the House
should be put in possession of it.
First of all I wish to say here that in making
these estimates, both for the work to be done
by the Congressional Printer and the work to
be done by either of these private persons,
there was included the sum of $16,000 paid to
the reporters, agratuityfurnished by the House
itself. It is included in all the estimates, and
all that is necessary is to mention it.
As I stated before, the proposition of Messrs.
Rivsps & Bailey, as interpreted by our expert, was
$889,454 96. But in examining this report w#
found that the proprietors of the Globe had
included in their estimate the famishing of the
