1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1613
paper by themselves, and that the Congres-
sional Printer and Mr. Crowell had provided in
their estimates for the furnishing of the paper
by the Government. This, it will be seen,
would make a very essential difference in the
volume of the respective bids. _ But that I may
properly compare the real merits of these bids
we have made a schedule under which each
party is to obtain his supply of paper from the
Government. Again, it was found that Messrs.
Rives & Bailey in their estimate had included
the work connected with the binding of the
Congressional Globe, while in the other two
bids this work was to be done entirely by the
Government. We adopted the same rule with
reference to these bids in that case that we did
in reference to paper; and in the statement
which I am about making with reference to
Messrs. Rives & Bailey I have made deduc-
tions from the gross amount which they say
would be required to execute this work of all
the excess of their estimates over and above
the cost of paper, provided the same was to
be furnished by the Government.
And right here I will say I am going to be
met with this inquiry: why do you, when
Messrs. Rives & Bailey submit to you a prop-
osition to do this work and to furnish all this
paper, allow their estimate to go before the
House with the deductions which you have
just said you should make? I will tell the
House why we propose to do that. It is be-
cause—if gentlemen will examine the resolu-
tion of the joint Committee on Printing as the
resolution passed the Senate and as we ask the
House to adopt it—it simply authorizes, not
directs the committee to enter into a contract
either with this party or that party, or author-
ize them to have the work done at this place
or that place, and the Senate took especial pains
to strike out of the original resolution as it was
presented to that body the words "in accord-
ance with the proposition submitted by them."
So that if this resolution passes this House as
it passed the Senate the joint Committee on
Printing would be authorized to go and make
just the best contract they could with Messrs.
Rives & Bailey, and failing to make a satis-
factory contract with them, then they would be
authorized to go and have the work done at
the Government Printing Office.
Now, I assume in making this statement that
if Messrs. Rives & Bailey find that they have
overestimated the cost of the paper or the cost
of printing and the committee say to them,
"we prefer to furnish you our own paper, we
prefer to do our own binding at our own office,"
they will accede to that proposition at once.
So, therefore, we have made the deductions
which are required according to this interpre-
tation, and accordingly we find—and I take
this from the statement submitted to the com-
mittee by Messrs. Rives & Bailey, in response
to a letter which we addressed them—the ex-
cess that they estimate the paper will cost over
and above the estimate we have given for the
cost of paper in the other proposal would be
$30,507 20 and the excess of binding would
be $22,300 28, making together the sum of
§52,807 48. If these premises are correct it
would appear that the proposition of Messrs.
Rives & Bailey should stand as follows:
§336,447 48.
So much for the proposition of Messrs. Rives
& Bailey. Now we come to the proposition
of J. T. Crowell. The original terms, as I
have stated before, of this proposition required
the sumof $261,149 30. We submitted that es-
timate to Mr. Crowell and we asked him if the
interpretation we placed upon his bid was cor-
rect. He returned us an answer, accompanied
by a statement, which gave his interpretation
of the contract. We have assumed that, then,
to be the highest authority for the interpretation
of his proposal. Assuming that to be so the
estimate as given in this last paper by Mr. Crow-
ell involves the expenditure of $184,993 43.
To be added_ to that is the paper, which the
Government ia to furnish, and the expense of
binding at the Government Office. \Ve there-
fore add for this the sum allowed in the esti-
mate that we last made of Messrs. Rives &
Bailey;
For paper for quarto edition  $49,090 40
For binding  43,759 04
For paper for Daily Globe  15,000 00
Then we add for reporting, which is included
in the other estimates, the sum of $16,000 ; so
that his bid would stand in the aggregate
$295,342 87. That is Mr. Crowell's bid.
Now, let us fairly understand this proposi-
tion. The estimate that was made at the Gov-
ernment Printing Office for this work involves
an expenditure of $276,496 84; that of Mr.
Crowell, $295,342 85; that of Messrs. Rives
& Bailey, $336,647 48. It will be seen by this
estimate that the Government Printing Office
proposes to do the work less than the lowest
estimate made by a private bidder by the sum
of $18,846 03; or in other words, estimating
the advantages of a private contract if we
should choose to give the work to the lowest
private bidder, he would contract for the work
at a sum exceeding the governmental estimate
$18,846 03. The Government Printing Office
estimate is less than that of Rives & Bailey by
the sum of $60,150 64; or in other words, if
instead of giving it to the lowest private bid-
der we give it to the other private bidder, we
exceed the Government estimate for the two
years by the sum of $60,150 64. The differ-
ence between the two bids, comparing one
private bid with the other, is this: the bid of
Mr. Crowell is less than the bid of Rives &
Bailey by the sum of $41,304 61.
Now, for the purpose of forming a little better
estimate of the character of these bids, it is
well for members to refer to the actual cost of
this work as done by Messrs. Rives & Bailey
under their present contract, for that we know
because we have paid the money for it. I find
that there was paid to Messrs. Rives & Bailey
for reporting and publishing the debates of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress the sum of $291,698 72.
Now, how does this, the actual expenditure
that was made at that time, compare with the
bids of these two concerns? The bid of Mr.
Crowell exceeds the sum that was paid Messrs.
Rives & Bailey for doing that work $3,644 15,
while the proposition of Messrs. Rives & Bailey
exceeds the expense of the work as done by
themselves during the Thirty-Ninth Congress
by the sum of $44,948 76.
Mr. Speaker, I find that I shall not be able
in the thirty minutes allowed me to go through
with this statement, and I appeal to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] to
allow me fifteen minutes longer to enable me
to go through with it, and then when we have
proposed these amendments the House will be
prepared to act.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's thirty
minutes have expired.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have no objection
to allowing the gentleman fifteen minutes
more.
Mr. WOOD. My colleague [Mr. Lafhx]
seems to suppose that all the time yielded by
the Committee on Appropriations is allotted
to him. He is making a long speech and he
will allow of no opportunity to reply to him,
as he will occupy the whole time allowed for
debate on and consideration of this question.
Now, if the Committee on Appropriations
give him thirty minutes or forty-five minutes,
I submit that he should not occupy the whole
time, but should give an opportunity for some
gentlemen on other sides of the question to
say something upon the subject, and there-
fore if forty-five minutes or an hour is allowed
we shall certainly claim a portion of the time.
Mr. LAFLIN. Now, in this state of facts
we find that the Senate has adopted a resolu-
tion which strikes out of this arrangement the
lowest private bidder and simply puts it in the
power of the Committee on Printing either
to contract with Rives & Bailey or to send the
work to the Government Printing Office. I
think I am not transcending parliamentary
rules when I state that the opinion shown in
the Senate was decidedly in favor of giving
the contract to the proppietors of the Globe.
Now, our committee feel that we ought not to
be hampered in this way; that if we are to he
intrusted with plenary power in regard to this
matter we should be allowed to consider both
the bid of Rives & Bailey and the bid of J. T.
Crowell, and also the proposition whether the
work shall go to the Public Printing Office or
not; and in case we should come to the conclu-
sion that the public interests demand that it
shall go to the Public Printing Office we
want to reserve to ourselves the right and
authority to issue new proposals for reporting
and publishing these debates, meaning thereby
in case we adopt the latter policy that the
arrangement at the Public Printing Office is
to be merely temporary in its character; for
the House must understand that uuless some
arrangement of this kind is made after the
4th of March next not a debate can be re-
ported and of course none can be published.
It is absolutely necessary to make this arrange-
ment, for there is no power outside of Con-
gress that can earry on the reporting and pub-
lishing of these debates. With this explana-
tion I call the previous question on the joint
resolution and amendments.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to offer an amendment to this joint resolu-
tion so as to provide for this printing to be
done at the Government Printing Office ?
Mr. LAFLIN. I cannot yield for that
purpose.
Mr. COVODE. I want to inquire if there
is any evidence of reformation on the part of
this man Crowell?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order
pending the call for the previous question.
The question was then taken upon second-
ing the previous question ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 34, noes 47 ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes 65, noes 60.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question was " Shall the main question
now be put?"
Mr. WOOD. Upon this question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 70, nays 77, not voting
75 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Bailey, Banlcs, Beaman,
Benjamin, Blair, Boutvrell, Boyden, Buckland, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Clift, Corley, Cornell, Dawes,
Deweese, Dixon, EckJey, Ela, Thomas D. Eliot,
James T. Elliott, Fcr?iss, Ferry, Fields, Goss, Gris-
wold, Hamilton, Heaton, Hill, Hopkins, Chester D.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Jenckes, Ketcham,
Koontz, Laflin, Loughridge, Lynch, McCarthy,
Moore, Morrcll, Newcotnb, Newshain, Peters, Plants,
Price, Robertson, Sawyer, Scbenck, Seofield, Selye,
Spalding, Starkweather, Stewart, Stokes, Taffe,
Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Burt Van Horn,
Ward, Wiiliam B. Washburn, Welker, Whittemore,
James F. Wilson, John X. Wilson, and Windom—70,
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Delos R. Ashley, Axtell,
Baker, Barnes, Beatty, Beck, Benton, Bnimwell,
Brooks, Broomall, Burr, Chanler, Sidnc\ Clarke,
Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Di key, Eg-
gleston, Eldridge. Farnsworth, Fox, Getz, Golladay,
Gove, Gravely, Grover, Haight, Iialsey, Harding,
Hawkins, Higby, Holman, Hotehkiss, Humphrey,
Johnson, Thomas L.Jones, Judd, Iielley, Kellogg,
Kelsey, Kerr, William Lawrence, Losran, Mallory,
Marshall, Maynard, McCormiek, MeKee, Mereur,
Miller, Moorhead, Mullins, Mungen, Myers, Nib-
laek, O'Neill. Orth, Poland, Prince, Raum, Robin-
son, Roots, Ross, Stevens, Stover, Taber, Taylor,
Thomas. Van Auken, Cadwalader C. Washburn.
Henry D.Washburn, William Williams, Wood, and
Woodward—77. . ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Barnuin, Bing-
ham, Blackburn, Blaine, Boles, Bowen, Boyer, Buck-
ley, Cake, Callis,- Cary, Delano, Dockery, Dodge,
Donnelly, Driggs, Edwards, French, Garfield, (xloss-
brenner, Ilaughey, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbnrd.Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones,
Julian, Kitchen, Knott, Lash, George V. Lawrence,
Lincoln, Loan, Marvin, McCullough, Mornssey,
Nicholson, Norris, Nunn, Paine, Perham, Pettis,
Phelps, Pierce, Pike, Pile, Polsley, Pomeroy.Pruyn,
Randall, Shanks. Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, fcmith.
Stone. Sypber, Tift.John Trimble,Lawrence S. Trim-
ble, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump,
Van Wyok, Vidal, Kiili u B. Washburne, Thomas
Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, Woodbridge, and
Young—75.
So the main question was not ordered.
The SPEAKER. The forty-five minutes
