1869.
THE GONGBESSIOKAX GLOBE.
mi
the then position of the party in this Chamber
at the latest dates.
The telegram was received with far greater
interest than I had anticipated. I supposed
(ny frieud from Wisconsin would use it effect-
ually, as he always does good material for a
speech ; but, sir, before the next morning that
telegram was posted upon every sign-post,
and the doors of many public buildings in the
State of Connecticut. It excited an intense
interest. Firstit was doubted, and it was said
it could not be true; that the sender of the tele-
gram, at least, was mistaken ; but to their con-
sternation the New York papers the next morn-
ing contained the same thing. The people of
Con necticu t stood aghast. Th ere it was given in
in full by the Associated Press. My telegram
was confirmed. Sir, so incredible was the idea
that even the Senator from Massachusetts, with
his advanced ideas, should promulgate such
a .doctrine that it was not credited until the
next morning, when the Associated Press added
to it the stamp of its well-known veracity.
What it says is like a record ; "it imports ab-
solute verity." [Laughter.] What was the
effect of that doctrine, that decree I might say,
then issued by—I will uot call him the autocrat
of the parly—but what was the effect of the
doctrine issued and the notice given by the dis-
tinguished Senator from Massachusetts? Rev.
Dr. Bacon, to whose letter I alluded in the com-
mencement of this portion of my remarks,
addressed a paper, I think called the Con-
gregationajist, on the subject. I first saw it
there. He went into this entire question as to
the right of the State of Connecticut to control
its own suffrage. While I admit he was not
talking about a constitutional amendment, still
I think my colleague will say that I am justi-
fied from the drift of his argument in suppos-
ing that there was no distinction in his mind
between the two cases ; that although he might
say there was 110 power existing on the part of
Congress to pass the law, still if the power did
exist he would say the law ought to be passed.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator from Connecticut a question if he will
permit me.
Mr. DIXON. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I understand the Senator
to say that the progress of the Republican party
is so rapid lhatdispatches have to be sent from
time to time to know its exact status at that
particular time. I should like to ask him
whether it has been charged by anybody re-
cently that the Democratic party has progressed
at all since the beginning of the war? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. DIXON. Well, Mr. President, I am
compelled to say that they have been charged
with:having progressed. I do not know whether
my honorable friend will receive the informa-
tion with satisfaction; but I find in a paper
published in the State of Connecticut that the
Democratic party of Connecticut, which held
its convention last week, is charged with hav-
ing abandoned its old doctrines and come out
in favor of paying the bonds in gold, a doc-
trine which I think my friend from Indiana
does not fully believe in. [Laughter.]- So
that he will perceive they are accused of
progress. He asked me, if I understood him,
if they had ever been charged with having pro-
fressed. I am not bound to say whether they
ave actually progressed ; but that they have
been accused of progress is true. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator 
Mr. DIXON. I hope the Senator will ex-
cuse me for not consenting to any further in-
terruptions. I am nearly through, and I beg
leave to say to him I am somewhat exhausted
with the few remarks I have already made,
and should much, prefer that he would make
his speech afterward. I acknowledge that he
is not a Senator with whom I desire to have
any intellectual conflicts which I can possibly
avoid. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, what did Dr. Bacon say? Dr.
Bacon, remember, is an advocate of negro
~ He believes that it ought to be per-
mitted. He is one of the advanced guard of
the Republican party. He stands now with
my colleague, except that he may possibly not
have advanced so far as he has in the direction
of general amnesty and, forgiveness of the
rebels; but in all points of Iiadical doctrine
I think my colleague will admit that he stands
fully up to those who are furthest advanced.
What did he say 1 He said that strongly as he
was in favor of granting the elective franchise
to the negro in Connecticut—I qnote, of course,
from memory—he would rather forever refuse
it him (I think I am not stating it too strongly)
than to adopt the proposition of the Senator
from Massachusetts, to force it upon Connecti-
cut against her will. He said further, that in
his. judgment the information given by me,
calling me by name, which he said I drew from
the Senator from Massachusetts—in that he
did the Senator from Massachusetts great injus-
tice ; he volunteered it—changed the result of
the election at that particular crisis. He went
on to state how much the majority was, and he
said a change of so many votes would change
the political character of the State, aud he had
cot the least doubt that my telegram effected
more than that amount of change.
So I beg leave to say, in my judgment, will it
he in the future. As Dr. Bacon felt then, so
I trust that distinguished divine feels to-day;
and as other citizens of Connecticut felt then,
so I believe an immense majority of the people
of Connecticut feel to-day. They may be will-
ing, as I intimated in my remarks the other
day, when the question shall be presented to
them, to grant to the few colored men in the
State of Connecticut.the elective franchise; but,
sir, that is not the question. There is a ques-
tion which lies far deeper in their minds than
that. It is the question how this right shall be
given? Who shall decide it? For, sir, with
all your attempts at distinction, you cannot
escape the conclusion that if Connecticut makes
this change, strikes this word "white" from
her constitution by the compulsion, legal or
otherwise, of other States, she loses her right
to regulate that question for herself; and a
State which cannot regulate that question for
herself is in no sense an independent State. For
myself, I am willing to go to the people of Con-
necticut on this question; and I say now to
my colleague that I think when we go to the
people of Connecticut on this proposed amend-
ment we shall find that negro suffrage is not
the question before the people. You have no
right to make the question before them in that
form. It is not a question of negro suffrage
alone, it is a question of suffrage in its widest
sense. The Senator objects to my using the
expression " make a voter." Let him change
the form of expression, if he wishes. It is the
question who shall be the voter. It is the
question of suffrage in the State of Connec-
ticut, and by whom shall its regulation be
established? That, the people of Connecticut
will remember, is the question which is pre-
sented now, whether the Congress of the United
States and the people of all the States of the
United States shall invade the borders of that
ancient republic and compel her to change her
laws. I am perfectly willing to acquicsce in
any change which the people of Connecticut
wish to make on this subject. But, sir, I
again repeat that as an independent State the
people of that State have a right to control
this question for themselves. That right they
will maintain to the last.
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I have pw
posed an amendment to the joint resolution
now before the Senate, in the following words:
That the following article be proposed to the Legis-
latures of the several States as an amendment to the
Constitution of theUnited States, w-bicli, when rati-
fied by three fourths of said Legislatures, shall be
valid as part of the Constitution, namely:
Abticlk XV.
Section 1. The right of citizens of the United States
to hold office shall not be denied or abridged by the
United States or any State on account of property,
race, color, or previous condition of servitude: and
every male citizen of the United States of t-bet age or
twenty-one years or over, and who is of sound mind,
shall have an e$yxal vote at all elections 1a the ©tate
in whichhegh&U have actually resided far a.period
of one year next preceding such ejection, exeeptsuc^
as may'heroalter engage in insurrection or rebellion
against the United States,and sueh as'shall be dn!y
convicted of tr'eason, felony, or other infaaatms crime.
Sec. 2. Congress shall have power to enforce this
artiple by appropriate legislation.
The Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Dixon]
rightly states the question. The question be-
fore ns is not one of negro suffrage. It is
question of suffrage in itself. It is the broad
question who shall be the voters, of this coun;
try, in whose hands shall rest the political
power. I take issue squarely with the Senator
from Connecticut when he claims that Con-
necticut is a sovereign State, and that to_ her
rightfully belongs the privilege of determining
who of the citizens of this Republic shall hav?
the right to vote and hold office. If it be a
question of humiliation, it is, on the one'hand,
whether Connecticut shall be humiliated, or,
on the other, whether Connecticut shall have
the right to humiliate every citizen of the Re*
public who shall choose to dwell within, her
bor.ders. t ' ' .
Mr. President, in all governments sovereign
power resides somewhere,limited only by God's
justice, which is over all. Men and govern-
ments violating j.ustice sooner or later come to
ruin. In our Government the sovereignty ia
in the people; hence the question, " Who are
the people?" is of practical and vital import-
ance. When you settle that you settle the
basis of government. The Constitution of our
country is but the expressed will of the people,
fixing certain great fundamental principles and
defining a certain gene-al organization under
aud by which Government shall be, by the
people, administered.
The organic law, to avoid confusion and'con-
flict, provides the manner of its own amend-
ment or change. In the manner provided in
the Constitution we are about to proceed to the
most responsible and solemn of all our duties
to change it. Laws of Congress passed to-day
may, if faulty, be amended, or, if radically
wrong, repealed to-morrow. But provisions
put into the Constitution must stand, in the
nature of things, as the rule of action for many
years. Not only are we proposing to amend
the organic law, trnt to amend itinits'most
vital part. We are about to put into It words
which shall define and declare for years, pet-
haps for centuries, to come in whose hands the
power of this great Republic shall rest—who
shall vote, who shall elect its officers, make its
laws, shape its policy, and control its destinies.
In our action is bound up the welfare of the
present and the coming millions of our coun-
try, and corelated with it are the interests of
all the sons of men. Let us. t|ien, approach
our task solemnly and gravely, having in view
not only the interests of our prescntpopulatioji,
but also the well-being of the multitudes who
press on our track with remorseless tread.
The theory of our Government is that power,
the sovereign power, belongs to the people; not
to a portion of the people, not to the learned,
not to the ignorant, not to the rich, not to the
poor, not to the great, not to the weak, hut to
all the people. We eschew in our system of
governmentall aristocracies, whether of birth,
of wealth, or of learning. Based as are our
institutions on the idea that the right of self-
government is inherent in manhood, we pro-
fess to give to each individual an equal share
of political power.
Years ago, in this Capitol and in this body,
was fought, with the weapons of reason, the
great battle of State and national sovereignty.
Haynestoodup in these Halls as the champion
of the former, while the great Webster, fol-
lowing the lead of Hamilton, and standing^
the principle that " we, the people of the U ni-
ted States," "do ordain and establish this
Constitution," with triumphant and irresist-
ible logic maintained the " solidarity" of the
Republic. From this court appeal was taken
to the arbitrament of arms, and on more than
a hundred battle-fields the conclusions of Web-
ster were reaffirmed, and from that, decision
there is to be, I conclude, no appeal.
