862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
I think that it is a proposition too clear for
argument that to the people, the whole peo-
ple, the, nation, belongs the decision of the
question who shall exercise political power—
in other and plainer words, who shall vote and
hold office. And I think that itis equally clear
that, to be true to our system and to the ideas
upon which it is based, we must conclude that
all men of sound mind are entitled to these
fr'ghts.
' To allow "States to determine who of th?
citizens'of the nation shall have political power
is to give away the most essential ana vital
attribute of sovereignty—to tioncede a power
which may be used to build up an aristocracy
or to'.change .and destroy our system of gov-
ernment. To give to States the power to dis-
franchise and disqualify for crime is a very
limited and possibly not dangerous concession;
but that a citizen living in Massachusetts should
lose his right to vote for President by moving
to Connecticut, or that different qualifications
for voting for President, for instance, should
be required in different parts of the country, is
so manifestly wrong and so clearly at variance
■with that provision of the Constitution which
declares that " the citizens of each State shall
be entitled to all privileges and immunities of
citizens in the several States," that it needs
but, to be stated to be condemned. .
Now, what are the words proposed by the
committee to be put'into the Constitution to
settle this vital question ? They are as follows:
No State shall deny or abridge the right of its citi-
zcns to vote and hold ofiiccou account of race, color,
or previous condition.
To propose to put into the Constitution any
woids which shall control tho action of the
States in this matter is to concede the great
principle for which I argue, that to the nation
belongs the determination of the question who
shall have political power. Then the only ques-
tion remaining is, do these words settle it
aright? Let us examine the force and scope
of this provision.
First, it does not determine who shall vote
and hold office. Secondly, it does not protect
any class of citizens against disfranchisement
or disqualification, it simply and only pro-
vides that certain classes indicated shall not be
disfranchised or disqualified for certain rea-
sons, namely, race, color, or condition. For
any other reason any State may deprive any
portion of its citizens of all share in tho Gov-
ernment. Theanitfittsof this amendment isa
desire to protect and enfranchise tho colored
citizens ot the country; yet, under it and with-
out any violation of its letter or spirit, nine
tenths of them might be prevented from voting
and holding office by the requirement on the
part of the States or of the United States of
au intelligence or property qualification.
Is this the Dead sea fruit tvhich wo are to
gather irom the plantings of a hundred years?
Is this to be tho sum of the triumph of the
grand struggle of a century past in ttiis coun-
try for equal rights, a Struggle whoso pathway
is marked by the graves of unnumbered mar-
tyrs, and whose culmination rocked the Repub-
lic to its base and reddened a thousand fields
with the blood of its best sons?
Lame and impotent conclusion. You fail
to protect the only classes of your citizens who
need protection. Knowledge is power. Wealth
is power. The learned and the rich scarcely
need the ballot for their protection. The great
farmer who has his three to five score labor-
ers has a power and influence which Do law
can take away. It is his landless and depend-
ent tenants, in their cabins and in their igno-
rance, who need the ballot for their safety.
I lie millionaire in his money, and the man of
education m his knowledge and his brain, have
eaeii a power fti government greater than a
hundred ballots, a power which the Constitu-
tion neither gives nor can take away. It is
I FT'*'u!'lea",ed who has nothing but
the ballot, to whom it is a priceless heritage,
a protection and a shield;
Mr. President, now that the grand opportu-
tumtj eccurs of settling this question of equal
rights, I would improve it to put; into the
organic law provisions which shall determine
the qualifications of electors, and give to every
citizen the right to vote; thus making suffrage
uniform, equal, and universal, and putting
it out of the power of the small portion of the
people living within the bounds of each single
State to make a different rule. Surely none
less than the whole people of the nation should
hafre the right to say who shall be their part-
nefs in the Government; and, as one of the
people, I am in favor of giving equally to all
citizens of the Republic of sound mind and
unstained by great crimes the right to vote
and hold office.
Mr. President, I would admit woman, the
most beautiful, theplirestand best of God's crea-
tions, to' an equal voice with us in the Govern-
ment. As she is now the sharer of all onr pleas-
ures, the partner of all our joys, I would have
her share with us the powers, the duties, and the
responsibilities of government. Suppose, Mr.
President, that one of the many sorrow-strieken
women made widows by the late war should
walk into this Chamber and say, "Senators,
my husband and two sons lie in yondernational
cemetery—their graves marked, cared for, cher-
ished gratefully and tenderly by the nation—as
the last resting-place of the heroic defenders
of its life. I have no husband, no son, no bro-
ther, no father, no man left to represent me. I
pay taxes; every law you pass affects me and
mine, and I demand a voice in this Govern-
ment." What answer shall you give:lier?
But I know that woman's suffrage is not now
attainable, and I would not, as a practical
legislator, jeopardize the good which is attain-
able by linking with it'that which is impossi-
ble. Besides, whenever the women of this
country ask with anything like unanimity for
the ballot they will get it.
While no man puts a higher estimate on the
value of intelligence in the people than I do,
and while no one would do more than I would
to encourage the education of the masses, 1
repeat that it is the disfranchisement and op-
pression of the poor and the ignorant which it
is our duty to guard against. In protecting the
poor and the unlearned you are protecting the
great laboring, industrial classes of the coun-
try. It is these who have made your State,
who have felled your forests, worked your
mines, dug your canals, built your habitations
and churches and school-houses and Colleges,
laid your railroads, made your engines and your
implements, beautified and adorned and made
pleasant your homes, tilled your soil and filled
your granaries, and sent with resistless force
the life currents through all the arteries of
trade: who have placed the Republic in her
present proud rank among the nations, and
who mainly filled the ranks of your Army in
the late war, and carried your "banner of
beanty and glory" to final and glorious victory.
Their brawny arms and strong sinews have
wrought out our wealth ; upon their broad and
stalwart shoulders rest the fabric of our Re-
public, its government, its laws, itsinstitutions,
its civilization. Their stout arms bear forward
the ear of progress, freighted with the highest
hopes of humanity and the word of God, and
they have a right to a voice in the Government,
whether or not their poverty and their toil have
given them opportunities to learn to read and
write.
The irresistible drift of modern civilization
is toward a larger and larger enfranchisement
of the people, and our end is a pure democracy.
Let us proceed to it with firm and decisive
steps. Then we will have no disfranchised,
disaffected, clamoring classes always ready and
ripe for tumult, rebellion, and revolution. Then
the will of the people, legally and peacefully
expressed, will have a weight and a power
which will command and insure universal acqui-
escence and obedience.
We are relaying the very corner-stone of our
temple of liberty. Let us see that its propor-
tions are broad, true, and ample, and its mate-
rial indestructible. Our fathers laid the founda- j
tion of our Government upou the rock of truth I
and justice when they proclaimed to the world,
in their immortal Declaration, that "all men
are created equal"—not made so by laws and
constitutions but by the Creator; but they built
badly, though perhaps of necessity, when they
countenanced slavery in the provision relating
to fugitives. Let us profit by their error, and,
enlightened by the experience of eighty years
and warned by that experience of-the terrible
retribution which surely and inevitably follows
compromise of truth and justice, follow onr
principles to their logical conclusion and found
this nation on the rock of universal equal
human' 'rights, thus settling forever the ques-
tions tehich,- never nettled aright, have risen
again and again to disturb and finally to deso-
late our beautiful land.
Our great Chief Magistrate-elect has wisely
and nobly said, "Let us have peace." This
is the way to it. The signs of the times are
auspicious. From the disturbed'and stricken
south-land come with every- breeze the evi-
dence of returning reason, loyalty, and good
feeling. We are gladdened with the sight of
" half forgotten humanity bursting out of the
depths in which it has pursued its joyless, sun-
less course, moaning and murmuring through
long centuries, but never quite forgetting its
divine origin."
The tide of beneficent migration is rapidly
setting toward her sunny and fertile fields.
Our people, from lakes to gulf and from ocean
to ocean, are full of hope and energy. Let us,
their representatives and servants, act up to
ourand their best impulses, and the nineteenth
century will close upon us the freest, the
strongest, and the best nation on earth.
Mr. MORTON. I will detain the Senate
but a very short time 
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator give way
until I can make a motion? I desire to move
to rescind the order by which bills reported
from certain committees were made the special
order for this evening.
Mr. MORTON. Let m'e get through first,
Mr. STEWART. Very well.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, yesterday
my colleague [Mr. Hendricks] addressed the
Senate at some length, and was followed in
the same strain of remark by the Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Dixon,] to show that the
Republican party was committed by the plat-
form adopted at Chicago from takingany action
upon this subject. Very much stress was placed
upon it by my colleague, as well as the Senator
from Connecticut, who, I believe, repeated his
argument this afternoon in several forms. It
is insisted that the Republican party commit-
ted itself to the doctrine that so far as suffrage
in the loyal States was concerned it should be
left entirely to the States. That resolution,
perhaps, went no further, and was intended to
go no further, than to define the constitutional
position of the party; that as the Constitution
now is, the regulation of suffrage belongs to the
several States ; but it certainly W43 not intended
to commit the party to the doctrine that it would
not at any time thereafter propose to change
the_ Constitution upon that subject. I have
been somewhat surprised at the importance
attached to this position; but my surprise has
ended in amusement. When I heard the
position of the Senator from Connecticut a few
minutes ago I intimated, in a good-humored
way, that the Democratic party had not been
charged with progression since the beginning
of the war. The Senator from Connecticut,
very properly, no doubt, in his mind resented
that intimation, and said that the Democratic
party had recently made progress, and referred
to the fact that in the recent Democratic con-
vention in Connecticut it had resolved in favor
of paying all the bonds in gold.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator misunderstood
me. ^ I did not say that. That Senator asked
me if they had been accused of making prog-
ress, and r said they had been.
Mr. MORTON. If I understand the Sen-
ator now, he retracts the admission of the
progress.
Mr. DIXON, I do not retract anything. I
