1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sifle company in 1868, but that designation was
made after the expiration of the year within
which the company designated was to file its
assent.
Mr. CONKLING. Was th® second corpora-
tion formed before or after the firstdesignation?
Mr. WILLIAMS, ltwasformeda short time
after the first designation. There was no com-
pany at all formed at the time of the first
designation. There werearticles of association
signed by eight persons. Immediately after
the'designation other persons signed the arti-
cles of association. They were filed and the
company proceeded to organize, bat some of
the persons who had signed the articles of as-
sociation for the first company, finding that, as
they supposed, the designation was void, pro-
ceeded to organize another company ; so that
the company that wasdesignated by the Legis-
lature in 1868 was the first company that was
organized under the laws of Oregon.
N o w, as the matter stands, the laud h as lapsed
to the General Government, aud will be lost to
the State unless there is some legislation by
Congress for the purpose of saving to the State
the land ; aud the question is whether Congress
shall undertake to designate one company or
the other, or whether Congress shall provide
that either company or both may file an assent
within a year from the passage of this bill and
let the questions that arise between the two
companies be settled by the local tribunals of
the State of Oregon.
I have no other object in this legislation
except to preserve this grant to the State of
Oregon. If there is not some legislation at
this time on the subject, the whole grant will be
lost to that State; and Oregon lias never yet
had one foot of land granted to her forrailroad
purposes. In consequence of this unfortunate
difficulty that has occurred therebetween these
two companies the land has been suffered to
lapse to the Government; and I simply desire
this legislation for the purpose of enabling one
company or the other to have the land so that
it may not be lost to the. State. I have no
interest whatever in either company. Friends
of mine belong to both, and both roads term-
inate in the city where I belong, so that I have
no interest whatever in one road over the
other. I have no particular preference for one
road over the other; but I desire some legisla-
tion by which this land may be saved to the
State. It is with that view that this bill is pro-
posed. I know that one company want3 the
land and the other wants it; but there are
various questions existing as to the validity of
the organization of these respective companies,
as to the good faith in which they have pro-
ceeded, and an infinite number of such ques-
tions have arisen in this controversy between
these companies which, it appears to me, Con-
gress cannot decide ; and so to reach the mat-
ter in the easiest and shortest way I prepared
this bill, and it was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands and reported by that com-
mittee.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, I am re-
quested by the parties who were designated in
the first instance in 1866 to state the facts of
this case to the Senate. On the 10th of Octo-
ber, 18GG, the Oregon Central Railroad Com-
pany was designated by the Legislatureof Ore-
gon as the company to receive these lands.
The members of the company associated them-
selves together on the 6th of October previous
to the designation. A remonstrance has been
Ittid on the table from that company setting
forth the facts in the case.
Mr. CONKLING. Setting them forth truly?
Mr. CORBETT. Setting them forth truly,
I believe ; and for the information of the Sen-
ate perhaps it would be well to have the Clerk
read the remonstrance. I send it to the desk.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think that will unneces-
sarily consume time. I presume my colleague
can state the contents of the remonstrance; it
is before the members of the Senate, and they
can read it for themselves. I hope my col-
league will try to economize time as much as
he can.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire
whether that remonstrance was before the
Committee on Public Lands?
Mr. WILLIAMS. It was not.
Mr. CORBETT. This remonstrance was not
before_ the committee, but the gentleman who
signs it went before the committee and asked
that the matter might be put off until the next
meeting, so that he could present the facts in
the case; but the committee declined to extend
the time, as I am informed by him. He was
then preparing this remonstrance setting forth
the facts. He has since completed it, and
asks me to present it and to submit a substi-
tute for the bill which is now called up.
I will state briefly the facts as I understand
them. The company in whose behalf the
remonstrance is made was designated by the
Legislature of Oregon in 18G0 as the company
to receive this grant t)f land. This gentleman
filed his papers with the secretary of State of
Oregon, as required by law, and by the con-
sent of the secretary of State withdrew those
papers to obtain some additional signers, in
order to get other parties that had capital
interested in the road; and he afterward filed
the papers with the additional names. Then,
the coutpany having been designated, they filed
their assent to the requirements of the law
with the Secretary of the Interior here, who
recognized thom as the parties entitled to the
laud grant. I have here the letters of the Sec-
retary of the Interior.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator will
allow mc I will make a motion that this hill
be recommitted to the Committee on Public
Lands. I understand this to be a contest
between two companies in the State of Ore-
gon in regard to this land. Each claims to be
the beneficiary under the legislation of the
State, and it is a question that I can hardly
see that Congress ought to decide. I think
the Committee on Public Lands ought to con-
sider the remonstrance that is presented on
behalf of-tlic other company.
Mr. POME ROY. The Committee on Public
Lauds have not decided which company shall
have the grant. The Senator has not under-
stood the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is the very thing I
wish to avoid.
Mr. POMEROY. The committee tried to
avoid deciding what ought to be decided in
Oregon. We simply by this bill give each com-
pany an equal chance, and the question which
has the legal right is to be decided in Oregon.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state for the inform-
ation of the Senate that the second Legisla-
ture has designated the east side road, so-
called, but by that legislation they have no
standing in court, and they ask that this bill
may be acted upon to give them a standing in
court so that they can contest the right to the
land against the west side company. The
west side company claim that they are entitled
to the land, and the case is before the courts
in Oregon now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Which company has
done any work ?
Mr. CORBETT. The west side company
have gone on since they wore recognized by
the Secretary of the Interior and commenced
the work of grading, and have spent $100,000
under the assurance from the Secretary of the
Interior that they were entitled to the land
grant. Tliey claim that they have a vested
right in it. I have no other motive iu this
matter except to see that all concerned have
a fair hearing. Both parties are friends of
mine. 1 have not one dollar interest in either
road. But there are parties who have invested
their money in the road first designated with
the understanding that that company was en-
titled to the land grant. This bill virtually
gives it to the other company, and therefore
they protest agains't it.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me ask the Senator
a question. If I understood him aright, he
said that without this legislation the one party
now seeking to contest would have no stand-
ing in court.
. _ Mr. CORBETT. Because the time has ex-
pired.
Mr.. CONKLING. Let us see about that.
If this remonstrance be true the, allegation of
the now applying party is that tligfe never was
a corporation, a legal company, witbiq. the act
of Congress, which could be designated to re-
ceive t.his.Iand  If that is true, either because
an inadequate number of persbns signed the
articles of association or because the custodian
and filipg officerof thosearticles allowed theip
afterward to withdraw the articles, or for any
other reason, then it is legally true that this
contestant or anybody else has standing enough
in court to restrain and prevent the west side
people from takiug lauds to which in fact they
are not entitled.
Mr. CORBKTT. The east side people.
Mr. CONKLING. Perhaps I transpose th?
sides. If that be so 1 ask the Senator from
Oregon to state why it is that although these
parlies may not have a standing in court to
acquire the lands themselves, owing to the
lapse of time, they have not the requisite stand-
ing in court to ascertain whether in truth the
other people are entitled to be the recipients of
these lands or not.?
Mr. CORBETT. The case is now pending
iu the courts. It is claimed by the one side
that technically the first company were not
fully organized, and could not theiefore be de-
signated,
Mr. CONKLING. Then they are notentitled
to the land.
Mr. CORBETT. The second company claim
that the west side company is not entitled to the
land from the fact that there was a want of legal
organization, or somo technicality at the time
of their designation. The west side company
claim that they had a sufficient organization to
be designated by that name, and that they did
file their assent with the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and under that assent, as soon as they
were recognized by the Secretary of the Interior,
the right to the land vested in them, and there-
fore they are CDtitled to it. The mere designa-
tion of the name of the company did not vest
the right, to the land in them until they filed
their assent with the Secretary of the Interior,
which they did within the time prescribed by
law, but the other company did not, although
they had three months in which to file that
assent. I believe they did not claim to have
any power to file the assent until the present
Legislature assembled, when they were desig-
nated by that body as the company. They asked
the Legislature to designate them as the com-
pany entitled to the grant.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Which company wa3
designated bv the Legislature of the State first?
Mr. CORBETT. The west side company,
who present this remonstrance against the pas-
sage of this bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Legislature gave
that company the lands first?
Mr. COHBE1T. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. By a corporate name?
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then it was claimed,
as 1 understood, that they had not organized
technically according to the laws of Oregon
because of the want of some names to the arti-
cles of association.
Mr. CORBETT. Because they withdrew the
papers to get some additional names and after-
ward filed them with the assent of the secretary
of State, whose statement I have to that efiect.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And the Legislature
subsequently granted the same lands to an-
other company?
Mr. CORBETT. Yes ; two years afterward.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And after some work
had been done?
Mr. CORBETT. After work had been done
by the first company; but the time had then
elapsed within which the Legislature could
designate any company. The time limited by
law had expired. This Legislature could not
designate a company because the time had ex-
pired within which they were to file their assent
in the Department of the Interior here. The
