1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
164§
soldier the full benefit of that act by one year's
actual residence;
A petition of citizens of Kansas, settlers on
the Cherokee neutral lands, praying the rati-
fication of the sale of the residue of the Cher-
okee neutral lands to James P. Joy, in June,
1808, by the Secretary of the Interior;
Resolutions of the Legislature of Kansas, in
favor of the passage of a law authorizing and
permitting all persons who have taken less than
one hundred and sixty acre homesteads under
provisions of the laws of the United States to
extend their privileges so as to permit them to
claim, take, prove up, and hold enough more
to make their homesteads one hundred and
sixty acres;
Resolutions of the Legislature of Kansas,
urging the ratification of the Shawnee Indian
treaty now pending before the Senate;
A petition of settlers on the lands lately
purchased of the Great and Little Osage In-
■ dians, praying the right of homestead and pre-
emption to all settlers who come within the
provisions of the homestead and preemption
laws;
A petition of Stephen C. Millett, president
of the Port Royal Railroad Company, asking
for aid in the construction of that road ;
A memorial of the Legislature of Oregon, in
favor of aid in the construction of a railroad
from Salt Lake to the Columbia river, and for
a railroad from the Big Bend of the Humboldt
river, in the State of Nevada, to Klamath lake;
A resolution of the Legislature of Oregon,
relating to the railroad land grant from the
Central Pacific railroad, in California, to Port-
land, Oregon.;
A memorial of the Legislature of Oregon,
asking an appropriation to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from the Willamette river to
the Columbia river;
A memorial of the Legislature of Oregon,
in favor of a grant of land along the line of a
military and post road from Tillamook valley
to the Portland road, at La Fayette, in that
State;
A memorial of the Legislature of Oregon,
asking Congress to aid in the construction of
the Columbia River and Hiilsboro' railroad ;
A memorial of the Legislature of Oregon,
asking an appropriation to the Oregon and
Washington Navigation Improvement Com-
pany, for the improvement of the Columbia
river;
A memorial of the Denver Central and
Georgetown Railroad Company, askinga grant
of lands to aid in the construction of their
road ;
A memorial of the Legislative Assembly of
the Territory of Dakota, praying for the exten-
sion of the Sioux City and Pacific railroad to
Yancton, Dakota Territory ;
A memorial of the Board of Supervisors of
thecountyof Dallas, Wisconsin, remonstrating
against any further extension of the time for
the completion of a railroad from St. Croix
river or lake between townships twenty-five
and thirty-one, and from thence to the west
end of Lake Superior and to Bayfield, in that
State ;
A memorial of the Legislature of Wisconsin,
in favor of the extension of the time for the
construction of a railroad from St. Croix river
or lake to Superior and Bayfield, by the North-
ern Wisconsin Railway Company;
A memorial of the Legislature of Alabama,
asking a grant of land to aid in the construc-
tion of the Eufaula, Opelike, Oxford, and Gun-
tersville railroad ;
A memorial of the Legislature of Alabama,
in favor of a grant of land to aid in the con-
struction of the New Orleans and Selma rail-
road ;
A letter of Hiram Barney, asking the revival
of the grant of lands to the Selma and Dalton
Railroad Company;
A memorial of the council and house of
representatives of Nebraska^ in favor of a land
ofiice at Columbus, Nebraska;
A letter of the Governor of Indiana, com-
municating a report of the-sales made by that
State of the land scrip received from the United
States under the act of July 2, 1862, relative
to agricultural colleges, and of the appropria-
tion of the proceeds of such sales;
A memorial of the board of supervisors of
Polk county, Wisconsin, remonstrating against
any further extension of the time for the com-
pletion of the railroad from the St. Croix river
to Bayfield, in Wisconsin ;
Papers relating to the creation of a new land
district in the State of Minnesota;
A letter of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of December 20. 1867, information in
relation to the military reservation at Fort
Ridgely;
A joint resolution of the Legislature of the
State of Vermont, concerning grants of the
public lands of the United States;
A petition of Junius E. Neal, asking Con-
gress to provide by law for the location of
duplicate land warrants;
Two memorials of citizens of California,
praying that there may be no further legisla-
tion in relation to the public lands in township
seven south, range one west of Mount Diablo
meridian, in that State;
A petition of Samuel F. Crawford, praying
to be granted a land warrant for certain land
in Michigan ;
A petition of officers of the Northern Cen-
tral Michigan Railroad Company, praying an
amendment of the act approved July 3, 1856,
entitled " An act making a grant of alternate
sections of the public lands to the State of
Michigan," &c. ;
A memorial of the Board of Trade of Chi-
cago, Illinois, praying a grant of lands to aid
in building a ship-canal from Sturgeon bay to
Lake Michigan; _ _
A memorial of citizens of Boise City, Idaho
Territory, praying the passage of an act to
allow them to enter or purchase the land upon
which they have erected valuable improve-
ments ;
A petition of members of the constitutional
convention of South Carolina, praying aid to
the Port Royal Railroad Company in complet-
ing its road from Port Royal to Augusta,
Georgia;
A petition of John W. Smith and Priscilla
Smith, of Columbia county, Florida, praying
compensation for property destroyed during
the late war by the public enemy at Beaufort,
South Carolina;
A memorial of the General Assembly of
Alabama, praying a grant of lands for the New
Orleans and Selma railroad;
A letter of George A. Nourse, of San Fran-
cisco, California, to Hon. Alexander Ramsey,
in relation to the law of July 27, 18G8, limit-
ing the location of agricultural college scrip;
A petition of the president of the Pensacola
and Louisville railroad, praying a grant of land
to aid in rebuilding that railroad ; and
A memorial from citizens of St. Augustine,
Florida, praying that certain United States
lands lying in the corporate limits of St. Au-
gustine be placed upon the market.
Mr. POMEROY, from the same committee,
to whom were referred the following bills and
joint resolutions, asked to be discharged from
their further consideration; which was agreed to:
A bill (S. No. 952) granting public lands,
and the right of way through the same, for canal
purposes, in the State of California ;
A bill (S. No. 932) granting land to aid in
the construction of a railroad from Stockton,
iu California, fo a point of connection with tlie
Southern Pacific railroad at or near Tejon
Pass, in California;
A bill (S. No. 929) granting lands and the
right of way to the Denver Central and George-
town Railway Company;
A biil (S. No. 947) to provide for the re-
moval of the archives of the St. Augustine
branch of the United States Land Office to
the United States land office at Tallahassee,
Florida;
A bill (S. No. 921) to amend an act making
an additional grant of lands to the State oi
Minnesota, in alternate sections, to. aid in'tho
construction of railroads iu said State, ap-
proved July 4, 1866;
A bill (S. No. 911) to amend an act making
a grant of lands to the State of Minnesota to
aid iu the construction of a railroad from St;
Paul to Lake Superior, and the several acts
amendatory thereof;
A bill (S. No. 919) to grant the right of way
to the Memphis, El Paso, and Pacific Rail-
road and Telegraph Company from El Paso,
Texas, to the Pacific ocean ;
A bill (S. No. 892) amendatory of certain
acts of Congress granting lands to the States
of Iowa and Minnesota to aid in the construct
tion of railroads;
A bill (S. No. 898) to grant lands to the
Superior and State Line Railroad Company
A bill (S. No. 879) for the relief of inhab-
itants of cities and towns in the Territories of
New Mexico, Arizona, and Utah; '
A bill (S. No. 886) granting the alternate
odd-numbered sections of public land along tht
line of the New Orleans and Selma railroad ;
A bill (S. No. 888) granting lands to-the
Santa Barbara branch of the Southern Pacific
railroad of California ; ' '
A bill (S. No. 866) granting the right of way
over the public lands of the United States to
the Oroville and Virginia City railroad and ta
provide for its construction ;
A bill (S. No. 717) to amend an act entitled
" An act to aid in the construction of certain
railroads in theState of Wisconsin," approved
May 6, 1864 ; <
A bill (S. No. 758) to provide for the con-
struction of a wagon-road for military and
postal purposes through the Territories of Da-
kota, Montana, and Washington;
A bill (S. No. 701) granting to the New
Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga Railroad
Company the right of way through the public
lands of the United States, and for other pur-
poses-;
A bill (S. No. 714) granting lands to % to
State of Oregon to aid in the construction of a
military and post road from Lafayette to the
Tillamook bay;
A bill (S. No. 395) for the relief of the heirs
of persons in the military or naval service of
the United States who may have initiated claims
to the public lands under the provisionsof the
homestead laws of the United States ;
A bill (S. No. 663) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad from St. Paul,
Minnesota, to the Missouri river ;•
A bill (S. No. 710) to provide for the pay-
ment of claims to loyal citizens ©f the States
lately in rebellion ;
A bill (S. No. 718) to authorize and require
the reissue of land scrip to the State of North
Carolina;
A bill (S. No. 730) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to confirm the titles to cer-
tain lands in the State of Nebraska;"
A bill (S. No. 602) to provide levees to
secure the lowlands of Arkansas and Missouri
from inundation, and to encourage the settle'
ment thereof;
A bill (S. No. 502) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from Irving, Kansas, to Albuquerque and
Santa F6, New Mexico ;
- A bill (S. No. 484) to aid the San Francisco
and Humboldt Bay Railroad Company in th6
construction of a railroad from the city of San
Francisco to the town of Humboldt Bay, ia
the State of California ;
A bill (S. No. 372) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad from Browns*
ville, Nebraska, and for aiding other railroads
in the State of Nebraska to intersect the Union
Pacific railroad; ■'
A bill (S. Nd. 298) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad from Browns-
ville, in the State of Nebraska, to intersect th«
Union Pacific railroad at or near the one hun-
dredth meridian west longitude; _ ■
A bill (S. No. 289) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
lino from the city of Fort Scott, in the State
