868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
west side company claim that this present Leg-
islature could not act, because the time had
expired for filing an assent with the Secretary
of the Interibr'bere ; and therefore if tliere was
any company entitled to' the grant, it was the
first'company designated.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope Senators will not
jump at conclusions. I have iiad no oppor-
tunity to' explain this matter. This bill was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
This person" who files the remonstrance ap-
peared there, and at his request the bill was laid
over one week in the committee to enable him
to.prepare his objections to the passage of the
bill through the committee. He has been
engaged in this railroad controversy for a con-
siderable length of time, and it is not supposed
that lie was ignorant of the facts. The bill
was laid over for one week; he appeared before
the committee and he asked for further time.
Objection was made because time was precious,
and to delay the bill was to defeat it.
Now, I do not wish to go into the controversy
as between these two roads. One road charges
the other with an invalid organization and with
bad faith. Controversies have grown up over
these questions in the State of Oregon.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What bad faith?
Mi^. WILLIAMS. I do not care to go into
ttve particulars in reference to that matter. I
have the evidence here to show, if necessary,
what the allegations of the respective railroad
companies are. When the Legislature in 1800
designated the company that is called the west
side road, there was no company in existence
at the time. If there had been any company
then there would have been no further ques-
tion ; hut there wero articles of association
signed by eight persons. Those articles were
not filed in the secretary of State's oflice as
required by law.
Mr. CONKLING. How many men was
there to have been?
Mr. WILLIAMS. No particular number
was necessary; buttlic articles were imperfect,
because other persons signed the articles after-
ward, and they wero not filed in the secre-
tary's oflice until some time after the designa-
tion. Some of the identical persons who signed
the original articles of incorporation, believing
as they did that this designation of a company
which did not exist was void, formed a new
company,and the organizationsoftliotwo com-
panies wj>re completed about the same time,
the organization of the west side company pre-
ceding the organization of the other bv a little
while.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Allow me to ask one
question.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. JI10MI>i{]0ICS. At the time the Legis-
lature designated this company by a corporate
name were there any articles or any papers
hied in any public office purporting to be an
organization of any company?
Mr.WILLIAMS. None whatever ; the paper
was in the pocket of ail individual, and was not
hied in any office until some time after the
designation.
Mr. If i:\-nnirKS rose.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If the Senator will hear
me through he will understand it better. I
say iheorganizations of the twocompanieswere
completed about the same time; they com-
menced work about the same time on their re-
spective roads, the west side company claim-
ing that it was entitled to the lands under the
designation, and the cast side company claim-
ing that there was no designation, and that the
company to be afterward designated by the
legislature would be the right company, and
Doth companies have performed work and ex-
pended money. One company has graded five
or six ™'|es of road and expended, as it is
stated, £100,000, and the east side company
graded some forty or fifty miles and ex
p-nded, as it says, S250,000, audit has le.r^e
mil s now m operation there cutting timber to
be laul down next spring
m''" U'lfPrVSP' v"™parallel lines?
Mr. \V ILLIAMS. Yes, sir.
' Mr.' HENDRICKS. How far apart ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. One is on one side of
the river and the other on the other side; a
few miles apart.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Which has the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office recog-
nized ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Secretary of the'In-
.terior says—I have his letter here—that neither
company is entitled to this land; that it reverts
to the Government. ' It is simply to save the
land to the State that I desire this legislation.
I submitted a copy of this bill to the Secretary
of the Interior, and asked him if there was any
action in his Department or anything in bis
view of this subject that rendered this legisla-
tion unnecessary. I can read my letter if it be
desired. He answered that, as the matter now
stood—as the west side road was not designated
by the Legislature, not being in existence at the
time, and as the other road was designated after
the lapse of one year—as the matter now stands
the public lands belong to the Government;
neither party can obtain them; and he will
not recognize either party or certify the land to
either company. At the last session of the Legis-
lature both companies appeared before the Le-
gislature; one entire day was occupied in tak-
ing the evidence of the respective parties, one
entire day in hearing the counsel of the respect-
ive parties, and the Legislature then decided,
by a vote of 14 to 8 in the senate, and 28 to 18
in the house, without any distinction of party,
to designate; it is called the east side company;
and now as that designation has been made,
and as the west side company cannot take the
land, this bill simply provides that either one
of the companies heretofore designated may
file its assent with the Secretary of the Interior
to the act, and then the controversy as between
these two companies is to be conducted in t.he
courts of the State of Oregon.
That is the way in which the matter stands.
I would sav if either one of these companies
had this land or could get it I would not pro
pose any legislation ; I should be perfectly sat-
isfied. But as the matter now stands neither
company can obtain the lands; and Congress
cannot propose, as it seems to me, to grant the
land to one company and exclude the other,
because that would necessarily involve an ex-
amination into all these questions as to the
validity of these respective organizations, as to
good faith, and all the questions of that nature,
which are properly questions to be determined
by the local tribunals of the State; and I, with-
out, any prejudice for either road or any inter-
est in cither, have supposed that this bill was
the only way in which the end in view could be
reached. If there is any other or better way,
of course I am prepared to adopt it. But here
is_the decision of the Legislature of the State
of Oregon after taking evidence upon the .sub-
ject and hearing counsel for both companies.
Here is the decision'of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lauds on this question ; and we had before
the Committee on Public Lands a remonstrance
of members of the Legislature against the pas
sage of this bill, which is more elaborate than
the one laid on the tables of members, The
Committee on Public Lands had an opportu-
nity to examine all the papers.
Ml". CONKLING. I ask is any legislation
necessary in order to determine judicially the
question whether the west side road, if I am
right in the name, the road which proceeded
first, is entitled to these lands ? In other words,
is any legislation necessary to test judicially
the validity of their organization and corpor-
ate existence; and if so, why?
Mr. WILLIAMS. No legislation is neces-
sary, I suppose, to enable that company to test
its right to the lands if there is any way in
which the company can bring suit against the
General Government. Suppose, however, that
the Secretary of the Interior decides that there
was no such company in existence at the time
it was designated by the Legislature?
Mr. CONKLING. That is not my question ;
but. even as the Senator puts it, why could they
not have a mandamus on that, theory? It is
not my theory; The question I submit is this:
the other persons in whose behalf this legisla-
tion is 'to take place—without' saying which
side it is—insist that the parties who first entered
upon'this work are not entitled, because their
■organization is void ab initio; now I ask the
Senator'whether that question cannot b^ tested
without legislation, whetherit cannot be tested
judicially ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose it can be tested,
but I am very confident—and I would be per-
fectly willing to submit that question to the
honorable Senator if he were to examine the
facts—that he would hold under the law that
the act of the Legislature assuming to desig-
nate a company organized under the laws of
Oregon before there was any company organ-
ized was not a valid designation. '
Mr. CONKLING. That is, under the stat-
utes of Oregon?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Under the statutes of
Oregon. It may be that this is all a mistake j
it may be that the first company was properly
designated. If it was this bill does not in any
way interfere with the rights of that company.
If they are entitled to the land in consequence
of that designation they will hold it notwith-
standing the passage of this bill. It does not
affect anybody's rights; it simply puts the case
in a condition where either company may claim
the laftd. and the land will not be lost to the
State. If this session of Congress adjourns
without any legislation on this subject we lose
every foot of this land.
Mr. CONKLING. And you would have to
pass a bill in the future as you propose to do
now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Oregon a question. On reading this
bill I find it provides that within a year from
this time any company in Oregon may file its
assent under legislative designation  
Mr. WILLIAMS. Any company heretofore
designated.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There are two. Sup-
pose they both file within a year, which they
both will do, I want to know of the Senator it'
that will relieve this subject of the difficulties
which surround it, because the courts in de-
ciding it cannot go back to the designation,
for the Senator says the designation in both
eases was void?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Not at all; the designa-
tion in one case was perfectly valid and proper,
but the designation was made after the expira-
tion of the year.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then, with that con-
struction, this bill will give this land to the last
company.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That will probably be the
case, unless it should be held by the courts that
the other company was designated according
to law. If it should he held otherwise, as
the secretary holds, then, of course, this land
would go to the company designated in T8G8 ;
but that is no reason why the land should not
be saved to the State, as it seems to me.
Mr. C0RBETT. I wish to correct a state-
ment of my colleague, in which, I think, he
must be mistaken. I ask for the reading of a
telegram from the secretary of State which I hold
in my hand. I understood my colleague to say
that there were no papers on file in the secre-
tary of State's office at the time the designa-
tion of the west side road was made. I call
for the reading of the telegram.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Gaston presented for filing articles of incorpora-
tion Oregon Central Ilailroj.il Company, October 6
1S66; withdrawn with my consent. November 21
same year, Gaston filed duplicate papers for same'
00,al>iu'y- SAMUEL E. MAY.
Mr. CORBETf. He withdrew these papers,
~which were filed October 6 with the secretary
of State. On October 10, while those papers
were in the hands of the secretary of State, the
Legislature designated the company which is
called the west side road, and he withdrew them,
with the consent of the secretary of State, for
the purpose of obtaining new signatures and to
enlist other persons in the construetion of the
