Tm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February, 26,
the direction of Santa Fe, in New Mexico.;
A bill.(§. No. 293) togr^nt lands and aid to
the Port Royal Railroad Company, in the
States of South.Carolina and. Georgia.;
A bill (S. No. 290) to,.restore the even-
numbered sections of the public lands along
the. linear of- the Pacific railroads ;
A'bill (S. No, 327) to extend the preemp-
tion and homestead laws of the United .States
over certain lauds therein named, and for other
purposes;
,-A bill (S. No. 56) grafting lands to aid in
the construction of a canal or canals for irri-
gating purposes in the State of California j
....A, biR (S, No. 55) to enable the State of
California' to reclai ra certain unproductive
lands within her limits ;
A bill(S. No; 1-5).to provide for giving the
right to purchase to .settlers on the Cherokee
neutral, lands in Kansas, and for other pur-
poses ; .
A bill (S. No- 14) to aid in the construction
©/ certain railroads in the State of California ;
A.bill (S. No. 66) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a canal in the State of
California;
A bill (S. No. 6) changing the route of a
eertain land-grant railroad in Minnesota;
A bill (S. N. 90) granting lands to each of
the several States for the support of universi-
ties for females;
A bill (S. No. 59) to create the office of sur-
veyor general and establish a land office in the
Territory of Utah, and for other purposes; _
A bill (S. No. 4k)) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad from St. Paul,
Minnesota, to the Missouri river ;
A bill (S. No. 34) authorizing the purchase
of lands in Alabama under certain circum-
A bill (S. No. 199) for the relief of settlers
on the late Sioux Indian reservation in the
State of Minnesota;
A bill (S. No. 483) relative to the repay-
ment of fees paid on canceled homestead
entries;
A bill (S. No. 277) amendatory of the home-
stead act, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 870) to encourage the growth
of forest trees;
A bill (H. R. No. 359) amendatory of the
homestead law ;
A bill (H. R. No. 278) to provide for the
discontinuance of district land offices in cer-
tain eases;
A bill (H. R. No. 237) to revive and ex-
tend certain acts of Congress relative to land
claims in the State of Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 170) for the relief of Lucas
and Dickinson counties, in the State of Iowa ;
A bill (II. R. No. 907) to provide for the
sale of certain lands and lots on the Sea Islands
of Beaufort district, South Carolina ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1192) to extend the pro-
visions of the homestead act to the orphan
children of deceased soldiers who are under
the age of twenty-one years ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1588) for the relief of
Solomon Oliver ;
A bill (H. R. No. 934) amendatory of the
act entitled "An act to secure homesteads to
actual settlers on the public domain," ap-
proved May 20, 1802, and of the acts amend-
atory thereof, approved March 21, 1864, and
June 21, 1866;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 286) relative
to the lands of the Cherokee and Great and
Little Osage Indians;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 212) relating
to homesteads for soldiers ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 229) extending
time to construct a railroad from St. Croix
lake to Lake Superior, $nd granting lands to
the Western Wisconsin Railroad Copipany ;
A joint resolution (S. R, No. 223) gjraatiog
the consent of Congress provided for ia .sec-
tion-tea of the act incorporating the Northern
Pacific JJa£lj£>.ad Company, approved July 2,
A jpint resolution (S. R. No. 191) explan-
atory of an act of Congress approved March
3, 1865, entitled "An act extending the time
for the completion of certain land-grant rail-
roads in the States of Minnesota and Iowa,
and for other purposes
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 221) giving
construction to the acts, of Congress granting
lands to the State of Wisconsin to aid in the
building of railroads in that State;
A bill (S. No. ,618) legalizing certain loca-
tions of agricultural college scrip therein desig-
nated ;
A bill (S. No. 328) amendatory of an act
entitled ' 'An act donating public lands to the
several States and Territories which may pro-
vide colleges for the benefit of agriculture and
the mechanic arts," approved July 2, 1862;
A bill (S. No. 541) to amend an act entitled
"An act-to aid in the construction of certain
railroads in the State of Wisconsin," approved
May 5, 1864 ;
A bill (S. No. 249) to extend the provisions
of an act to enable the State of Arkansas and
Other States to reclaim the swamp lands within
their limits to the State of Nebraska ;
A bill (S. No. 86) extending to the State,of
Nebraska the provisions of an act relating to
agricultural colleges;
A bill (S. No. 23) granting lands to the States
.of Wisconsin and Michigan to aid in the con-
struction of the Wisconsin and Lake Superior
railroad and its branch ;
A bill (S. No. 30) to grant one million acres
of public lands for the benefit of public schools
in the District of Columbia; .
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 210) concern-
ing certain lands granted to the State of Mich-
igan to aid in the construction of certain wagon-
roads ;
A bill (S. No. 65) granting the right of way
over public lands to the Pacific Coal Company;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 159) author-
izing the Commissioner of the Bureau of Refu-
gees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands to sell
certain portions of public lands within the cor-
porate limits of the city of Pensacola, Florida,
for educational purposes;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 116) relating
to the islands of St. Paul and St. George ;
A bill (S. No. 954) amending the preemp-
tion and homestead laws so as to require the
planting of trees on homestead and preemp-
tion settlements;
A bill (H. R. No. 1041) granting the right
of way to the Walla-Walla and Columbia River
Railroad Company, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 1433) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to secure homesteads to actual
settlers on the public domain," approved May
20, 1862 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1075) to authorize adjudi-
cation of claim No. 45, in the report of the sur-
veyor general of the Territory of New Mexico ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1714) to close the land
system in certain States ; and
A bill (S. No. 601) granting lands to the
Territory of Dakota in aid of the Sioux City
and Pacific Railroad Company, authorizing
said company to extend said road through the
Territory of Dakota.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. HENDRICKS. At the request of the
parties I ask leave to withdraw the petition and
papers of the Bartholomew County Agricul-
tural Society of Indiana, with a view that they
may be referred to the commission which is
examining into such claims in the State of
Indiana.
Leave 'was granted.
On motion by Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Colonel William
Gates, praying remuneration for losses by the wreck
of the steamer San Francisco,on the files of the Senate,
be referred to the Committee on Claims.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
976) for the relief of the officers and -soldiers
0£ the United States Army who sustained loss
by .the .disasters ,to the steamships Winfield
Scott and San Francisco; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Claims. „ „
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire,
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No.
239) more efficiently to protect the fur seals in
Alaska-; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Hew Hampshire. I
ask the Senate to take action on the resolution
at this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
.a resolution properly before the Senate. It
can only be considered by unanimous consent.
Mr. STEWART. Let it be read.
The Chief Clerk read the joint-resolution as
follows:
Be it remitted, &c., Thatthe islands of St. Paul and
St. George, in Alaska, be, and they are hereby, de-
clared a special reservation for Government pur-
poses. a&d that, until otherwise provided by law, it
shall be unlawful for any person not an officer of the
United States to land or remain on either of said
islands except by the authority of the Secretary of
the Treasury; and any such person found on either
of said islands contrary to the provisions of this act
shall be summarily removed. But nothing contained
in this act shall be construed to authorize a removal
of the Eo ct fide inhabitants of said islands perma-
nently resident thereon at the date of the treaty of
cession, nor in any way to relate to or affect them
or their property, or any rights belonging to them
under the said treaty; and it shall be the duty of the
Secretary of "War to carry this act immediately into
effect.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire asks the unanimous
consent of the Senate to consider the resolu-
tion at this time.
Mr. GRIMES. I object.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
wish the gentleman would not object. If he
will allow flie a moment to state 
Mr. GRIMES. I will hear you.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Argument
cannot be allowed until it is known whether
the Senate will consent to take up the joint
resolution.
Mr. MORTON. I cannot yield to my friend.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. Let
it lie on the table for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution will lie on the table.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joiut res-
olution (S. R. No. 240) for the relief of settlers
upon the absentee Shawnee lands in Kansas j
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed;
LIGHTING OF THE SENATE CHAMBEK.
Mr. NYE submitted the following resolution ;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, Thatthe Committee on PublicBuildiugs
and Grounds be iDStracted to inquire into the expe-
diency of causing the old carrier tubes over the Hall
of the Senate to be removed and new pipes to .be
placed where required with electric gas burners with
lava tips, to be lighted by electricity from the bat-
tery now used for lighting the Dome, Rotunda, ana
Hall of Representatives; Provided, The whole ex-
pense shall not exceed the sum of $6,300; to be paid
out of the contingent fund of the Senate.
KEELER MAPS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the
following resolution ; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to :
Besolved, That the Committee on Printing be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of publishing
a limited number of the Keeler maps of the Terri-
tories, mineral and Indian reservation, prepared
under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
Mr. POMJSROY. While the Committee ofl
Printing are considering the expediency of
publishing the Keeler map, I wish to remark
that the Commissioner of the General Land
Office has a map, which we have tried to get
published, which is much better than the Keeler
map so far as it relates to the public lands.
The Committee on Public Lands reported in
favor of its being published, but the Commit*
tee on Printing reported against it on account
of the expense.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee oti. Print-
ing are prepared to report that at any time ihe
gentlemen in favor of the publication wish it
