1869.
THE! CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
869
road. Now I ask for the reading of the letters
of the Secretary of the Interior from the com-
mencement with regard to the designation of
this road, that tU"e Senate may see how the mat-
ter stands. I sead them to the desk.
The following letters were read:
-Department of the Interior,
Washington. B. C., May 14,1867.
Sir: Ireceivcd to-day your letterof the22&March
last, and the accompanying inclosures.
It appears by the signature of the secretary of
State of Oregon, under the seal of said State, that on
tho 10th October, 1866, the Legislative Assembly of
that State designated the Oregon Central Railroad
Company as entitled to the benefits of tho grantcon-
ferred by the act of July 25,1866. to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from the Central Pacific rail-
road, in California, to Portland, m Oregon, so far as
the grant applies to the State of Oregon. .
The V assent" to the terms of the grant by certain
individuals styling themselves corporators cannot be
accepted as the assent of tho company required by
the sixth section of tho act, even if it were accom-
panied by proof thatsuch individuals were members
or stockholders of the corporation. Ihe hoaid ot
Directors of the Oregon Central Ilailroad Company
should, by resolution adopted at a meeting of the
board, give its assent to the act of Congress entitled
"An act granting lands to aid in the construction of
a railroad and telegraph lino from the Central Pacific
railroad, in California, to Portland, in Oregon."- A
copy from the record showing the action of the board,
giving date and place of meeting, &c„ authenticated
by the certificate of the president and secretary
under the corporate seal, should be filed in this
Department. . ...
The action of the Legislative Assembly upon this
matter being properly certified, the same has been
placed upon the files.
The certificate requested as to the filing of the
papers before mentioned, cannot be issued until the
assfcnt of the company, given in due form and prop-
erly authenticated, shall have been received.
It is desired in this connection to havo tor reference
the act or acts of tho Legislative Assembly author-
ising the incorporation of railroad companies.
Very lcspectfully, your obedient servant,
W. X. OTTO, Acting Secretary.
J. Carton, esq., Secretary Oregon Central Railroad
Company, Salens Oregon.
Department op the Interior.
Washington, JD. C., Julii<6,1807.
Ssr: I received to-day your letter of the 30th May
last, accompanied by the following papers; a copy
of a i csoiution, verified by yourself as piesidcnt, and
W. C. Whitson as secretary of tho Oregon Central
Ilailroad Company, under your private seal, as hav-
ing been adopted by the bomd of directors of that
company at a meeting hold May 25,1867, giving its
assent to each and all of the provisions of tho act ot
Congress entitled "An act granting land to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph from the
Central Pacific railroad, in California, to Poitland,
Oregon, approved July 25,1866," and instructing the
president aud secretary to Jtorward a copy to this
Department ... _
A copy of the joint resolution, duly certified, ot
tho Legislative Assembly of Oregon, adopted Octo-
ber 10, 1866, conferring tho grant of lauds made by
*he said act of Congress upon the Oregon Central
Railroad Company. . i • n
A letter from lion. J. W. Nesmith, stating he is well
acquainted with yourself and Mr. Whitson, and that
you are the president and he is tfre secretary of said
railroad company. , M ..
It. Williams also states the same thing and that ho
believes after an examination oi the books and papers
of said company that they have complied with the
general incorporation law of the State in making
their organization, and that their board ot directors
have been properly constituted.
These papers have been placed on file. On the l«t
instant this Department received from Samuel A.
Clark, Salem, Oregon, who signed himself the secre-
tary of the Oregon Central Railroad Company, what
purported to be the names of the ofiiceis of the Oie-
gon Central Railroad Company, with the names of
the persons composing the board of directors. The
names with one exception were unlike those given
by yourself in your communication of tho 22d March
last.
Very respectfully, vour obedient servant,
W. T. OTTO, Acting Sec rotary.
J. Gaston, esq., President Oregon Central Ilailroad
Company, Salem, Oregon.
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. C., July 23,1867.
Sir: I have received your letter of the 12th ultimo,
and the accompanying certified copy of a joint reso-
lution adopted October 10,1866, by the Legislature
of Oregon, designating the Oregon Central Railroad
Company to receive the grant of lands made by the
act of Congress, approved July 25.1866, and also a
certified copy of a resolution adopted at a meeting
of the board of directors of said company held May
25.1S67, assenting to the provisions of said act.
Under date of the 6th instant, you were advised of
3he receipt by this Department of your letter of tho
0th of May last, and its inclosures included among
which were certified copies of the resolutions before
mentioned.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
0. H. BROWNING, Secretary,
J. G vSTon, esq., President Oregon Central Kailroad
Company, Salem, Oregon.
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. CM Aprils, 1868.
Sir : I have received your letter of the 3d instant,
stating you inquire for th6 information of the stock-
holders of the Oregon Central llailroad> Company
whether any papers had been filed in this Depart-
ment as the assent of said company to the terms of
the act of Congress of July 25,1866, other that those*
mentioned in our letter to you of the 6th July last.
In reply I state that the papers mentioned in said
letter cover ail that have been filed, except those
afterward received from you and acknowledged on
the 23d July, 1867.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
O. H. BROWNING, Secretary.
J. GaSTON, esq., President Oregon Central Railr<y<xd
Company, Portland, Oregon.
Department of tiir Interior,
Washington, D.C„ July 8,1S6S.
Sir: I have received your letter of the 25th May
last and the accompanying map, stated to bo the
survey and location of the first sixty miles of the
Oregon Central railroad. ,
Said map is not verified as required by the regula-
tions of this Department, and it is accordingly re-
turned herewith.
It is also noticed that for about half the distance
mentioned *bo linelaiddown on the map runs nearly
due west before striking a "southerly1 _ direction
Evidence must be produced to satisfactorily account
for this variation from the course marked out in tho
Forms for the verification of such maps will be
found in Genoral Land Office circular No. 15, ap-
proved January 29,1867. 1 ineloso a copy for your
information and guidance. Maps of the survey and
definite location of the road should bo verified ac-
coiding to forms No?. 1 and 5, to bo found on pages
10 and 14, and a certificate of the Governor oi the
State of Oregon, attested by the secretary of btate,
under the great seal, should also be attached, plow-
ing that the location had been modem conformity
with the laws of the State, in pursuance oi tho act
of Congress. Form No. l>, on png«15, can be changed
so as to conform to the cxi.-tmgstato ot facts.
The grant ot hinds to aid in tho construction of the
Oregon Central rails oad was made by the act ap-
proved July 25.1866, (U St.it., 230.) and it niovides for
the construction of a r;nlroad aod_ telegraph nne
from some point on the Central Pacific railroad, 111
California, to Portland, in Oregon. Under the au-
thority of this act, and in pursuance of the Jaws ot
Oregon, the Oregon Central Ilailroad Company nro
authorized "to construct that portion ot said rail-
load and telegraph line within tho fcJuto of Oregon,
beginning at tho city of Portdund, in Oiecon.and
running: thence southerly through the \\ ilhmietto,
Ompqua, and Rogue river vaHej'S to tho southern
boundary of Oiegon, whcio the fcmno shall connect
with the part aforesaid to be made by thehrst-nanied ,
company,"&e. . n r 1
The portion of railroad and telegraph lmo in Call- I
fornia is to bo constructed by _t.be California arid
Orccon Ilailroad Company, and in order to know at
what point tho two roads are to •connect in con-
formity with the law, maps designating tho general
louto of each ot' the roads are required to be filed m
this Department. . ...
You are requested to transmit such a map of the
route of the Oregon Central railroad at the earliest
piacticable moment. . ,
Alpheus Bull, esq., president of the California and
Oregon Railroad Company, has likewise been re-
quested to forward a map showing tho route of that
road up to the northern boundary of the State oi
California. ^ . , , , ,, ,
Under date of tho 12th Octobcr last you stated that
as soon as printed you would forward to this Depart-
ment a copy of the lawsol the State of Oregon under
which youreompany was incorporated. Not having
loeeived the said copy, I have to request that one,
duly oeitified, may be forwarded as soon as possible.
Please acknowledge receipt ot this.
Veiy respectfully, your oM^nt, ^rvant,
* O. 11. BROWNING,
J. ( aston, esq.. President Oregon Central Ilailroad
Company, Pot timid, Oregon.
Department of thk Interior,
Washington, L). C., Jidy 17,18G8.
Sir: I have received your letter ot the 16 th instant
and accompanying paper, purporting to be an ac-
ceptance by tho Oregon Central Railroad Company
of tho grant wade l>y the act of July.25,186b.
By law tho company was required to hie an
"assent" to its terms and condition* within one
vear. That time expired July 2yt 186f, and this paper,
if sufficient for that purpose, could not now be re-
ceived. •
1 state for your information that J. Gaston, presi-
dent of the Oregon Central Ilailroad Company,
within thetimc prescribed in that act, filed an assent
which was received. , _• i   
In compliance with your request. I inclose a copy
of my letter of the 8U1 instant to Mr. b-aston, m re-
gard to maps to be filed in this Department.
Very respectfully, your 0vc'?n^,
O. II. BROWNING, Secretary.
A. M.Louyea, esqpresent.
Mr. COltBETT. 1 asked for the reading
of these letters to show that the Secretary oi
the Interior has recognized this company from
the first, and that the other company did try
to file an acceptance of this grant, but (secre-
tary Browning refused to receive it, the time
having expired. It is clear that tho west side
company, as it. is called, ,\xas designated by
the Oregon Legislature aiid has been recog-
nized by the Secretary of jihe Interior., They
claim, that if there, was aiiy imperfeetioii in
their withdrawing their papers .with tlie con-
sent of the secretary of State' of C>regon for
the purpose of getting new signature&and get-
ting othpr persons with capital interested in
prosecuting the work, that imperfection should
be cured rather than that you should take tins
land grant away from the company first desig-
nated, and who have expended their money
with the understanding that they were the road
properly designated and recognised by the
Secretary of the Interior; butif this bill passes
as proposed now it virtually designates the
other road, the east side road, and throws the
west side road out entirely.
Mr. CQNKLING. Mr, President, lute this
morning the remonstrance which has been laid
on our tables was sent to me, with a request
that I would read it, which 1 promised to do.
I have fulfilled that promise except so far as
its fulfillment remains to be performed by say-
ing one word on this subject.
The facts, as I understand them in brief, as
far as it is necessary for us to review ihem, are
these: the Congress of the United States by
an act granted to the State of Oregon for rail-
way purposes certain lands, employing this
language: "and such company"—not corpo-
ration—"such company organized under the
laws of Oregon as the Legislature of said State
shall hereafter designate, be, and they are
hereby, authorized and empowered to layout,
locate, construct, finish, and maintain a rail-
road auu telegraph line between the city of
Portland, in Oregon, and tho Central.Pacific
railroad, in California, in the manner follow-
ing, to wit." After that legislation a certain
number of men—1 care not what it was—for this
purpose entered iuto articles of association,
which were filed on the 0th day of October,
180(5, with the officer appropriate under the
laws of Oregon to receive that filing.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to correct the
Senator in that respect. There was no filing
at that time; and the secretary of State swore
before the Legislature that an envelope was pre-
sented to him containing some papers on which
ho indorsed in pencil a note, but that the papers
were immediately taken away by the persou
who presented them, and that they were not
filed uutil the aist of November following. I
have his certificate to the fact that the articles
of association were filed on the 21st ol' Novem-
ber, I860. ,
Mr. CONKLING. _ The Senator is only fur-
nishing multiplied evidence of what in another
way I was seeking to prove; and that is, the
hazard of our attempting to tamper in this way
with the rights of these parties. The Senator
pronounces against the fact I state jn the lace
of this remonstrance, which his colleague says
states the facts truly; he makes the statement
he does in the face of this telegram from the
secretary of State of Oregon: "'Gaston pre-
sented for filing articles incorporation Ore-
gon Central Railroad Company October 0,
ISfifl." That is all it says that is material to
this point. Then it goes on to state about their
being withdrawn atasubsequent day: 'j'H1'
drawn with my consent November 21. J. hat is
not very important for this point; it may be tor
another. The evidence—here without speaking
of the knowledge of the Senator—is that tins
paper was presented for filing, lliat, I answer
the Senator, is filing as to all the rights of
those who presented , T ,
Mr. C0EBETT. I will state that I under-
stand'the envelope was marked "Presented
October 6, 1860," and, as is customary with
officers, they laid it by for formal filing.
Mr. CONKLING. So they do ; and so, 1
was about to remark, if I carry a deed to the
register in Washington, or to the county clerk
in the county in which T live, it is not tran-
scribed upon the books in that hour or in that
day ; but with or without an envelope it is
marked presented at that time, and it takes
effect as of that time ; and so, I submit to toe
