1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to be done. We have held it tack because the
committee felt bound 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The res-
olution ha3 been agreed to, and it cannot ad-
mit of argument after it has been decided.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolution; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 2006) to establish certain
post roads; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 460) donat-
ing condemned cannon and muskets for the
MePherson monument.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1812)
to allow deputy collectors and assistant assess-
ors of internal revenue acting as collectors or
assessors the pay of collectors and assessors.
ENROLLED BI.LLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore of
the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 467) to confirm an entry of
land by Moses F. Shinn;
A bill (H. R. No. 284) for the relief of N.
A. Shuttleworth, of Harrison county, West Vir-
ginia ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1128) for the relief of Isaac
Watts *
A bill (H. R. No. 1367) for the relief ofGeorge
Kaiser;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 265) for the
relief of Edward E. Shead, of Eastport, State
of Maine;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 460) in rela-
tion to the meeting of the House of Represent-
atives at the first session of the Forty-First
Congress; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1966) for the relief of
Foster and Tower.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 2006) to establish cer-
tain post roads was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 466) donat-
ing condemned cannon and muskets for the
MePherson monument was read twice by its
title, and ordered to lie on the table.
PAY OF SOUTHERN SENATORS.
Mr. MORTON. I believe the resolution in
regard to the pay of Senators from the recon-
structed States is now before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and
will be read.
Mr. MORTON. It has been read.
Mr. FERRY. Let it be read again.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be
directed to pay to the Senators from the States of
North Carolina. South Carolina, Florida, Alabama,
Arkansas, and Louisiana the compensation allowed
by law, to be computed from the commencement of
the Fortieth Congress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
an amendment pending offered by the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] to insert the
words "second session of the" beYore the
words " Fortieth Congress."
Mr. MORTON. I was about to move that
amendment, not knowing it had been moved
already. I hope a vote will be taken on the
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw
the amendment. I believe it has not been
agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I renew the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question is still on the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdrew
the amendment because, on reflection, finding
that these Senators had been paid for the time
of their service, I could not but regard it- as a
gratuity to pay them anything more. If we are
to set an example in the case of ourselves why
not set the same example in relation to military
and naval officers and pay them for a year and
a half before their term commences ? Take,
as an illustration of this ease—some of these
Senators, as I understand, were employed by
the Government and receiving a salary up to
the time of their election, paid by the Govern-
ment. Now we propose to double up and pay
them for the time they have been paid while
they were employed by the United States.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to inquire of the
Senator, if he has examined this subject,, how
much time this resolution as amended proposes
to pay the_Senators prior to the passage of the
bill recognizing the States as entitled to repre-
sentation ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. For the entire
session.
Mr. FERRY. Seven months.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My colleague perhaps
knows whether we did not pass a resolution on
this subject at the last session. If we did I
should like to know what it was. I think this
matter was regulated at the last session.
Mr. WHYTE. This very question was de-
termined at the last session. The other day
when it came up I asked the President whether
it had not been so determined. From my mem-
ory at that time I was sure that it had been. I
find by reference to the Congressional Globe
that the subject was discussed on an amendment
offered to the same resolution by the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] and finally determ-
ined in the Senate on the 25th of July. On
that day, as will be seen on page 4454 of the
Congressional Globe for the last session of
Congress, the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trum-
bull] offered a resolution which I believe is in
the same language as the one now proposed;
it was in these words:
"Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be
directed to pay to the Senators from the States of
Arkansas, Florida, North Carolina, and Louisiana
the compensation allowed by law, to be computed
from the commencement of the Fortieth Congress."
To that resolution the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Davis] offered an amendment striking
out all after the word "Arkansas," in the third
line, and inserting:
" The compensation allowed by law from the 22d
day of June, 18G8, and to the Senators from Florida,
North Carolina, and Louisiana, from the 25th day of
June, 1868, and to the Senators from South Carolina
from the — day of , 1868."
On page 4455, this amendment having been
stated, the following proceedings occurred:
"Mr. Drake. The Senators from South Carolina
should bo included with the Senators from Florida,
North Carolina, and Louisiana. They came in under
the omnibus bill.
" Mr. Davis. That is my understanding.
" Mr. Drake. Jusfc put in South Carolinawith the
others of the same date.
_" Mr. Davis. The Clerk can make that modifica-
tion."
The modification was made, and on page
4462, this amendment having been agreed to,
and the question being on the resolution as
amended, it appears that—•
"The resolution, as amended, was agreed to."
Mr. KELLOGG. Mr. President, 1 under-
stand that a few moments since, when I was
absent from the Chamber, some reference was
made by the honorable Senator from Vermont
to the fact, that some Senators from the south-
ern States who would be benefited under this
resolution in case it passed were holding Fed-
eral offices during part of the time covered by
the resolution. I think it due to myself to
state—I should not state it otherwise—that I
have never had any intention of availing my-
self of any benefit under this resolution in case
it shall pass. I held a E'ederal office a portion
of the time, in fact up to the day I was sworn
in as Senator. The resolution would not bene-
fit me at all. I mention this partially in justice
to myself and to relieve the'ease from • swm£
embarrassment perhaps. • '
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask one more
question, whether any rule has been adopted -m
the House of Representatives on this subject?
Mk MORTON. I do not know.' •• ~ -1
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I wish te inquire'
of the Senator from Ot o how that is?, Ffmtois
he stated at the last session that he had invest^
igated it. I think he stated that the allowance
went back to the •first of the Congress, anffin'
eluding the Senators and Representatives it
would amount to nearly half a million dollars,
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I was not;
here at the time this action was had at ihesJ&st
session'; but I am advised that some of the
Senators from the reconstructed States wesrf
assured by a number of Senators oh tho floor
that there was no time then to settle the dis-
puted question, and that that resoltttion should
not be regarded as a settlements all. "
The precedents in the Senate that have been'
referred to would authorize these Senators to
receive pay from the beginning of the Con-
gress. The amendment now is that they re-*
ceive pay from the beginning of the 'last ses-
sion. I had supposed there would be-no par-
ticular objection to that. If the precedents
of the Senate amount to anything &t all they
should be somewhat uniform in their applica-
tion ; and there is no good reason for making
fish of one and flesh of another. I know of
no reason for a discrimination against the Sett-
atora from the reconstructed States in the ap-
plication of a rule to them that has not been
applied to others.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am willing, as a com-
promise, to vote for the proposition now made
by the Senator from Indiana; that is, to give
these Senators and members pay from the
beginning of the session at which they took their
seats. I do not see the force of the precedents
quite so strongly as my friend from Indiana.
The case of Tennessee, which is the only One
that is really applicable, was under peculiar
circumstances ; it did not extend so far asthis,
and probably was not very carefully'consid-
ered. I think it is right to give these Sena-
tors and members pay from the beginning of
the session in which they participated. Many
of them were actually engaged in their States
in the work of reconstruction before they 'had
a right to come here. The precedents allow
members and Senators their pay from the be-
ginning of the term in most cases. In some
States members are not elected until after the
term commences, as in Kentucky, where they
are elected in August for the term beginning
the preceding March, and they get the pay
from the beginning of the term. I am willing
for one to vote, as a compromise, for the prop-
osition now made to commence this pay on
the first Monday of December, 1867. If you
go back to the 4th of March of that year it
would make an addition to the compensation
of each Senator and member from these States
of about six thosand five hundred dollars, and
if there are one hundred of them—there are
probably not quite so many—it would make
over six hundred thousand dollars ; but if you
commence it in December it does not giv«
them much more than they are already enti-
tled to. They get no additional mileage, be-
cause they have but one mileage for the ses-
sion, and the result is simply to go back a few
months before the time of their election. Prob-
ably, under the circumstances, that would be
as just and fair an arrangement as could be
made. I am therefore willing to vote to com-
mence their pay from the first Monday of
December, 1867. The resolution which we
passed at the last session began their pay some
time in June. This makes a difference of
about six months' pay. I think that is fair.
Mr. FERRY. As I feel myself constrained
to vote against any change in the rule estab-
lished by the Senate last summer in reference to
this compensation I wish to state very briefly
the reasons which influenced me. As I under-
stand it both Houses at the last session adopted
a rule of compensation to the new members
