mm 'OaNe-iffissio^iiv ©low
February 26*
from the reconstructed States which .fixes the
date of the admission of their respective States
as the date of the commencement of compen-
sation. In my judgment that rule is right. In
my judgment to go back of the date of the
admission of their respective States is to draw
money from the Federal Treasury to be ex-
pended as a mere gratuity. If we set the prece-
dent in the Senate it will be followed undoubt-
edly in the other,House, and an expense of
$100,000 will thus be imposed on the.Treas-
ury which} in my judgment, ought not to be
imposed, and which there is certainly no law
for the imposition of.
^ Mr. TRUMBULL. This is no new matter
in the Senate of the United States, but is a
question that arose soon after the passage of the
law of 1856. It arose then in regard to certain
Senators who eame to this body and who were
elected after the Congress commenced. The
cases of Messrs. Nourse, of Maine, Gwin, ofCal-
ifornia, Green, of Missouri, Fitch, of Indiana,
and Bigler, of Pennsylvania, were all involved
in the construction of the law of 1856 at that
time. The Senate referred the matter at that
time to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
the Committee on the Judiciary examined the
Jaw and gave a construction to it in a somewhat
elaborate report which was made in March,
1857. I shall only read a few sentences of it
to show the construction which was put upon
the law by that committee at that time 5 and it
was sanctioned by the Senate, according to my
recollection. I have sent for the Journal, and
I have no doubt it will be so found:
"The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred the following statement, submitted to the
Senate by the President pro tempore, report:
** The President of the Senate pro tempore states to
the Senate that questions have arisen before him on
the construction of the act to regulate the compensa-
tion of members of Congress, approved 16th Au-
gust, 1856, which affect the compensation of certain
Senators who have been chosen since the commence-
ment of the first and of the present session of this
Congress.respectively, as to the time when the com-
pensation of each should commence, and of the mile-
age properly to be allowed, which the President pro
tempore vlesires should be submitted to the Senate.
" The first section of the compensation act of the
16th of August,1856. provides "that the compensation
of each Senator, Representative, and Delegate in
Congressshall be$6,000 for each Congress.and mileage,
as now provided by law, for two sessions only, to be
paid in manner following, to wit: on thefirstday of
each regular session each Senator. Representative,
and Delegateshall receive his mileage for one session;
and on the first day of each month thereafter, during
such session, compensation at the rate of §3,000 per
aunumduring thecontinuance of such session; and at
the end of such session he shall receive the residue
of his salary due to him at such time, at the rate
aforesaid still unpaid; and at the beginning of the
second regular session of the Congress each Senator,
^Representative, and Delegate shall receive hismile-
age for such secondiession, and monthly during such
session compensation at the rate of S3,000 perannura
till the 4th day of March, terminating the Congress,
and on that day cach Senator, Representative, and
Delegate shall be entitled to receive any balance of
the $6,000 not heretofore paid in the said monthly
installments as above directed."
The committee go on to examine the law.
That act fixed $3,000 as the annual compensa-
tion, which was afterwards changed to $5,000,
without changing the law in other respects. The
committee conclude:
"Testing the cases submitted to us by those princi-
ples we find the rule of compensation, in all cases
of election after the first day of the first regular ses-
sion, to bethatthe compensation does notcommence
until after election, and from thence t) the end of
the tern), at the rate of S3,000 per annum. This
rule, in the opinion of your committee, applies to
the cases of Messrs. Nourse, Gwin, Green, and
Fitch. The case of Mr. Bigler is somewhat differ-
ent. He was elected after the time fixed by law for
the commencement of the first regular session of this
Congress, but before the organization of the two
Houses, and was in his seat the day the Congress
entered upon its legislative duties; therefore, if not
within the strict letter of tho law, he is certainly
"within its equity, and your committee therefore
recommend that ho be paid for the whole Congress,
deducting all the days he was absent except for the
time cxcused by the law.
" We also consider that the question of miloase is
settled by the same rule of construction."
The "rule of construction ;! is thus stated
ip another part of the report:
** lie who serves the whole of each session of Con-
gress is entitled to the whole $6.000; ho whois legally
entitled to serve during the whole of each session,
and is prevented by the sickness of himself 01* fam-
ily from doing so, is also entitled to the whole$6,000,
and none others. But these two classes;are entitled
to the whole compensation'under this act. None of
the cases submitted to us come within either of these
classes, and are therefore excluded. In case of the
death of a member after the beginning of the first
session his personal representative is entitled to re-
ceive all the compensation not received by him
which has accrued a't the time of death, computed at
the rate of $3,000 per annum, and his successor Gould
in no event be entitled to more than- the residue of
the $6,000 irdt paid to thfe deceased member' or his
personal representative. None, of the cases submit-
ted belong to this class, but it furnishes a rule of
construction which yourcommitteebelieve will truly
discover the intent of the act. There is nothing in
the aet'itself which would warrant the application
of a different rule of compensation to a member who
fills a vacancy happening in any other manner dif-
ferent from one happening on tho death of a sitting
member after the commencement of a session; nor
are we able outside of the act to discover any sound
reason for such different construction. Though the
mode of payment is by annual salary the consider-
ation therefor in the contemplation of the act was
the performance of the duties of a member of Con-
gress when in actual session, and the times of pay-
ment seem to have been fixed during or at the end
of each session with special reference-to securing
this consideration."
The committee there come to t"he conclu-
sion that the Senators were only entitled to pay
from the time that they were competent to serve,
that is from the time of their election, except
in a case where a Senator was elected for a full
term and .not elected until after the 4th of
March, when the term began, as members in
the House of Representatives in some States
now are not elected until August. Congress
at that time did not convene until December,
and the committee came to the conclusion that
in such cases the men who were elected for the
whole term and who served daring the whole
time that Congress was in session were enti-
tled to pay for the whole Congress, but a person
who was elected afterward was only entitled to
pay from the time of his election.
In the case of Minnesota, which was a new
State admitted into the Union, the question
arose again in 1858, and was again submitted
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and this
very succinct report was made by Mr. Bayard,
then chairman of that committee:
*' Mr. Bayard, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred a letter of tho Secretary
of the Senate in relation to the compensation of the
Senators irom Minnesota, reported:
'* That there is no express provision in the act reg-
ulating the compensation of Senators and members
of Congress applicable to the particular case pre-
sented, but, in the opinion of the committee, a cor-
rect construction of tho act of August 16,1856, forbids
the allowance of compensation until the State of
Minnesota was admitted into the Union, and that
the compensation to the Senators from that State
should commence on the day of the admission, May
11,1858."
These Senators had been elected before that.
These States now under consideration are like
Minnesota in one respect. They were not en-
titled to representation in this body until Con-
gress so declared. The State of Minnesota,
which had organized a State government in
pursuance of what was called an enabling act
of Congress, was not admitted until May 11,
1858, and the question was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to determine when the
pay of the Minnesota Senators should com-
mence, and it was decided that it should com-
mence at the time the State was admitted into
the Union. In precise harmony with that this
body decided at its last session " that the Secre-
tary of the Senate be directed to pay to the Sen-
ators from the State of Arkansas the compen-
sation allowed by law from the 22d day of June,
1808, and to the Senators from Florida, North
Carolina, South Carolina, aud Louisiana, from
the 25th day of June, 1808," which were the
dates respectively of the passage of the acts of
Congress admitting those States to representa-
tion in this body. That was in strict conformity
to the decision of the Senate ten years ago. It
had always been the practice until the Ten-
nessee Senators eame here, and then the Senate
departed from the settled practice of this Gov-
ernment always before. This list of precedents
that has been presented here is not correct,
as will be seen by reference to the Journals in
regard to the action that has taken place in
regard to the admission of Senators from new
States.
When- the question of the pay of the Ten-
nessee Senators tfas submitted there was some
controversy about it, and the Senate allowed
them pay from the commencement of the Con-
gress ; and it was because the Senate had done
that that.1 introduced a resolution at a former
session of this Congress to pay these Senators
in the same way, supposing that the Senate had
in the Tennessee case reversed' its former de-
cision, which in my judgment was the correct
and proper one, and had always been adhered
to; but when the matter came to be considered
in this body the Senate refused to follow the
precedentinthe Tennessee case, and went back
to the precedents adopted in 1857 and 1858 in
regard to the construction of this law, which
in my judgment is the true construction.
Now, having done that, I supposed, and so
the Committee on the Judiciary supposed, that
this matter waS ended; and when this resolu-
tion was referred to the committee at the present
session they looked to the action of the Senate
at the last session of Congress; they looked to
the construction which had been placed upon
this law for-ten years, and, supposing the thing
was ended, under the direction of the commit-
tee I reported this resolution back to the Senate
adversely. That was the report of the Judiciary
Committee. I had hoped that that would be
the end of it. I think that we had better adhere
to the construction, which was placed upon this
law ten years ago, and which, in my judgment,
is the correct construction'and which this Senate
placed upon it at the last session of Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall say but a word in
reply to the honorable Senator from Illinois.
It is manifest that the case of Minnesota is not
like the one before us. Minnesota was not a
State in the Union at all until she was admit-
ted ; but these States were States in the Union,
though they were not entitled to representation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the difference?
Mr. SHERMAN. The distinction has so
often been made by the learned chairman of
the Judiciary Committee that I do not think I
need reply to that question. They were States
in the Union, as he has stated very often, but
on account of the civil war they were not enti-
tled to representation, because an adverse au-
thority to the Government of the United States
had overthrown' civil government there tem-
porarily; and until those States were restored
to their right of representation by Congress,
although they were States in the Union, they
were not entitled to representation. I think
the distinction is very obvious.
In this matter there ought to be a uniform
rule fixing the time at which the pay of the
members and Senators from the southern States
shall commence. I have felt this difficulty.
The members of the other House now receive
their pay from various dates, depending upon
the time of their election, according to the rule
adopted there. For instance, the members
from Alabama get their pay from February 4,
1868, because that was the date at which they
were elected, although when they were elected
they were not entitled to be admitted, because
until the action of the convention was submitted
to Congress and acted upon by Congress the
members-elect from Alabama had no right to
seats. The House of Representatives violated
our rule by going back and giving them pay
from the time of their election, although they
were not entitled to take their seats until soma
time in June, while Senators under our rule
from the same States, admitted at the same
time, wore not entitled to their pay until June.
That is manifestly improper and inequitable.
So it is in all the other cases. The House of
Representatives undertook to establish a rule
which allowed the members pay from the time
of their election; but they were not entitled to
come here at the time of their election by the
reconstruction acts.
Tbfe result is that there is a diverse rale
applying to every State. In the other House
the members are paid from the date of their
election ; but that rule is not applied in the
Senate, and the Senators are paid from the
date of/the admission of their States to rep-
resentation. Under these circumstances, it
