1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87-1
of tlie claimants or some action by Congress upon
llio subject."
That is the proposition. He is waiting, to
the end that these parties may interplead in
any way they choose to determine their rights.
Mr. President, one word further and I have
■done; and I answer now the question which
the Senator put to me a.few moments ago.
Suppose this bill is passed, what do we do in
effect? Confessedly the new company, the
east side company, lias no right whatever now
co.these lands.' Why? Because, upon admitted
facts, they, were too late in making their claim.
The door was closed against them. In the
mean time, two years afterward, the Legisla-
ture of Oregon has designated them to receive
iiiem. If now, meeting that action of the last
Legislature, we pass a bill which extends ex-
pressly so as to take in that time the period
within which time it might take effect, we fore-
close the whole matter; and then where does
this old company stand? I should like to call
the attention of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts to this pointif I can get bis atten-
tion. I am trying to attract the attention of
the honorable Senator front Massachusetts if I
can get it; but he is altogether too busy. The
honorable Senator was so much afflicted the
other day about the equities which arose from
an act of the Senate and House of Represent-
ative? in 18C6 that I was in hopes I could by
dint of repetition attract his attention to this
point, because I should like to say to him that
we are proceeding, if we pass this bill, to do the
very thing which bethought was so iniquitous
in 1866. An act of Congress has been passed
under which parties have proceeded ; they have
obtained vested rights; they have entered into
a contract to build a road of one hundred and
fifty miles; they have spent $100,000; they
have done various other things ; and now we
propose to step in by legislation and take from
them lands previously granted to them and to
which they have the right of possession ; and
when we have done it, and they come here with
their claim for all the damages and all the injury
they have suffered, what will that honorable
Senator say to this ' act compared with the
legislation of I860?
Now, sir, if the parties who come here seek-
ing relief are right the courts are open to
thoM, and the remedies are convenient and
adapted to ascertain their rights. I confess,
upon a review of the facts as stated in this
remonstrance, I do not see how they are right
even if they vrc properly in the proper court.
But it is enough for me to know that we are
culled upon here by legislation to pass upon
a judicial question which, in my judgment, is
to carry with it, if we adopt this bill, an equity
(to use a word which has been much used in
the Senate of late) which will be very hard to
answer.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I do not
appear here to espouse the cause of either rail-
road cotnpanv. ihc senator represents; but
I appear Kn- ihe State of Oregon, and 1 have no
■other object ill view than to save this land
grant, to that State.
The Senator has undertaken to argue that
the west side company was entitled to this
land under the designation in 1866. I do not
•pretend to controvert that assertion. I do
not wish to discuss that question at this
time or have ii decided by Congress. I only
know that since the designation in 1868 the
liresident of this west road company has
applied to the Secretary to recognize that com-
pany, and he has refused to do it; and I further
know that the Secretary of the Interior, in
answer to a letter which I addressed to him
asking him if this legislation was unnecessary,
hasdeclared that neither company was entitled
to this laud, but that it had lapsed to the Gov-
ernment. I can conceive of no other way to
save the land to the State except to provide by
this aet that the land grant, shall be revived for
one year without providing that it shall belong
to one company or the other, and then 'let the
companies litigate their rights to this land.
That appears to me to be -an equitable course
to -pursue.
I undertake to say that this bill does not in
any way affect the rights of the west side com-
pany to this land. It does not profess to take
away any right from any company, or to be-
stow any right upon any company, but it
simply proposes to revive the grant for one
year, so that these parties may litigate with
each other or before the Interior Department
as to which is entitled to the land. If the
Interior Department or the courts should de-
cide that the designation of the west side com-
pany, made in 1866, was a good and valid
designation, I should not find any fault what-
ever with that decision, because it is a matter
of indifference to me as to which company has
this land. But if upon litigation it shall be
determined that that designation is void, then
I want the land to fall into the hands of the
other company, so that it may be appropri-
ated to the construction of a road ; so that we
may have one railroad in the State of Oregon ;
and if this land grant is lost it is doubtful
whether we shall have any road.
Now, Mr. President, that is simply the posi-
tion which I occupy on this subject. This bill
is in general terms. I would be willing, if it
was practicable to do so, to take up one of these
roads and to designate the road that should
be entitled to the land; but these are now
difficult questions, and the Senator has sug-
gested several judicial questions upon which it
is necessary to take evidence, and upon which
t is necessary that the courts should decide, in
order to determine as to which company has
the better right. I did not suppose that Con-
gress would desire to go into this protracted
and difficult investigation, and therefore this
bill is put in a shape where it is only necessary
for Congress to say that this land grant shall
live one year longer for the benefit of the com-
pany that may be entitled to it by the decision
of the courts. That is all that this bill pro-
poses to do, and I am sure there is nothing in-
equitable about it; nothing of which either
company can complain. If it is tho misfor-
tune of the west side company to lose the
laud, of course I regret that misfortune. If it
is the misfortune of tho other side to lose it,
thatisto be equally regretted. But, sir, some-
thing, it seems to me, must be done. I pro-
pose to acquit myself upon this matter to the
people whom I have the honor to represent
here. If it be the pleasure of the Senate to
refuse to pass this bill, or any other legisla-
tion on the subject, I have acquitted myself;
I have endeavored to maintain the interests
of the State without any favor toward either
one of these companies. And now, sir, I wish
to have the correspondence with the Secretary
of the Interior read and put upon the record,
and I shall have no more to say on the subject.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before that volumin-
ous record is read I wish to submit a motion
upon this bill. It seems to me that the Sen-
ator from Oregon ought to concede the propri-
ety of the motion I am about to make. I think
it is very clear that the Committee on Public
Lands has somewhat departed from its thor-
ough investigation of subjects that go before
it. This is a great matter. This is a large
grant, a valuable grant; and this bill decides,
as far as Congress may now decide, what rail-
road company shall have the land. It does
not have just the effect that the Senator from
Oregon seems to think it will have, because
this bill proposes to recognize as the valid act
of the company that which is hereafter to be
done ; not a claim and assent heretofore made,
but one hereafter to be made within a year,
and that shall control the legal right to this
grant. I do not think the Senate is in a con-
dition to decide so important a case as this.
Here are the two Senators from Oregon, intel-
ligent and learned gentlemen, and they differ
upon it; and upon investigation, as far as we
■have been able to make it up to this time, Sen-
ators cannot agree. Then ought we to vote for
' a bill which will result, as I think, in giving
this land, if Congress can touch it at.all now,
to the east side road ?That was not the first
road that was designated. .-It seefns to me
that the prima facie claiwi'is in favor of the
other company. But I wauld-.-not.yish to de-
cide that now. The other company had some
sort of existence. There was something about
that company that the Legislature .knew. of.
There was something in existence. . It. may
have come into existence by very irregular
proceedings; but yet the Legislature did rec-
ognize tho existence of the corporation even
with ever so irregular a history, and made the
grant to the corporation by its corporate name.
Will that not stand? Will the question arise
whether under the laws of Oregon that com-
pany has been very regularly organized?
I wish to suggest another point. Suppose
the articles of association had been filed and
withdrawn, what is the effect of the withdrawal
of the articles from the secretary of State and
an alteration made in the articles without
authority of law ? Arc we prepared to decide
that? On-an ordinary contract perhaps the
effectwouldbeto destroy it; butifagrantfrom
the State to a company has vested it will not
disturb the vested right.
My motion, Mr. President, is that this bill
be referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
I do not feel prepared myself to give a vote
with a sufficient understanding of tho subject
to-night. I think the committee ought to con-
sider it more fully.
Mr. HOWARD. I feel very much as the
honorable Senator from Indiana does in refer-
ence to this bill. I think it o.ught to be recom-
mitted to the committee for further examina-
tion, for it appears to me to involve a question,
not of legislation, but of the exercise of judicial
power, as I understand it. It appears that there
was a company organized under the law of the
State of Oregon, which law, as I suppose, im-
parted t,o the company when organized cor-
porate powers. That company formed its arti-
cles of association, and in pursuance of law
filed those articles with the secretary of State.
I take it that under the code of Oregon the
company then became a corporation, with
power to take and hold real estate. 1 in-
quire of the honorable Senator from Oregon
whether that be not the case under the laws of
Oregon?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I did not hear tho Sen-
ator.
Mr. HOWARD. I was remarking that this
company known as the Oregon Central Rail-
road Company filed its articles of association
with the secretary of State in the usual way,
and that I supposed upon such filing the asso-
ciation became a corporation with power to
take and hold real estate. Is not that the
Mr. WILLIAMS. After the articles of in-
corporation were filed and the company organ-
ized it would have power to hold real estate.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, this bill
involves purely the question of the right ot
that association to take and hold the railroad
lands granted in the law referred to in the bill
now before us. If they had that capacity, and
the proceedings were not totally void abinitio,
I do not see what power Congress has over the
question. If the capacity to hold the lands,
and t.he right to hold the lands bad accrued in
respect to that company, how is it possible for
the Congress of the United States under the
Constitution to divest that company of lands
which it thus received? The only way to test
tho existence of the corporation is not by legis-
lation upon thesubject, but by filing an inform-
ation in the nature of a quo warranto against
certain persons claiming to exercise corporate
powers, and thus testing tho question whether
in feet it be a corporation. That is the exer-
cise of a power which does not pertain to the
Congress of the United States, it seems to rue.
If it was a corporation organized in such a way
as to impart to it the capacity to take and hold
these lands, then, as I remarked before, it
would be grossly unjust and unconstitutional
