872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
in us toassurae the power of taking away from
that corporation tire lands themselves.
These difficulties, Mr. President, are weighty
to my mind, and -I do not feel like legislating
on this stibject without some further light upon
it; Itmay be that the selection of the Oregon
branch company was an uriwise one originally
on the part of the Legislature; but we are not
here to correct the errors or the mistakes of
the Legislature of Oregon. I think the bill
had better be recommitted for further exam-
ination.
Mr. WILLIAMS-.- I ask to have the cor-
respondence read*
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. ' It will be
read, if there be no objection.
The Chief Clerk read the following letters :
sl?natk cnambbb,
Washington! Januaw 19,1869.
Sir: I rospeotfuHyinvite-yourattention to section
©no of An act entitled "An act granting lands to
aid in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Central Pacific railroad, in California,
to Portland, in Oregon," approved July 25, 1866,
providing for tho disposition of the lands granted
by said act in tho State of Oregon.
Inclosed please find a pamphlet entitled "State-
ment ot' Facts," which fully sets forth the rights and
claims of a company designated by tho Legislature
of said State in October, A. I). 186Sr commonly called
the "East Side Company."
- Inclosed also please find a paper signed by nine
moinbers of tlio Oregon senato, protesting against
tho action of said Legislatuturc in October, 18G8, in
whioh the rights ana claims of a company desig-
nated in October, 1806, commonly called the " West
Side Company/' aro fully stated.
I also inclose copy of a bill. No. 776, which I have
introduced into the Senato.
X have nothing to say ns to tho claims and rights
of either company; but in view of the fact that the
articles of incorporation ofthowrst side company
wojo not filed in tho office of tho secretary of State
until after its designation by the Legislature in
186(i—in view of the fact that tho east side company
cannot file its asscnt,t as required by tho sixth sec-
tion of said act, tho time thorcfor having elapsed, I
am approhonaive that the benefitsof said act will be
wholly loat to tho State unless something is done to
j>rcveutit. Will you bo good enough to advise mo
if thero iH anything in tho action of your Depart-
ment or the viows you entertain of the matter mak-
ing unnecessary tho proposed legislation.
Youra, truly, GEORGE II. WILLIAMS.
Hon. 0. II. Browning,
Sccritury of the Interior t Washington, D. C.
Department ov tite Inttcrioti,
Washington, 1>. C., January 20,1869.
Sin: I have received your letter of tho 19th in-
Mnut, mid tho accompanying copy of Senato bill No.
776, to amend an act granting lands to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph lino from
the Central Pacilic railroad, in California, to Port-
land, in Oregon, approved July 25,18t>6, with other
pnper.4 relating to the subject.
Said act of 1866 required tho Legislature of Oregon
to designate a company organized under tho laws of
tho State to locate and construct so much of said
road as was in Oregon, and that tho company so des-
ignated should 1llo its "assent" to tho act of Con-
groMS within one year after its passage.
By a resolution adopted by tho Legislature Octo-
ber 10, J8W), tho Oregon Central Hu.lroad Company
was designated to locato and construct said rond in
Oregon. Two companies called the Orogon Contra!.
Kailroad Company claim to havo been so designated.
These, it appears, are locally called tho cast &ide
company nnu tho west side company.
At the date of tho adoption oi said resolution by
tho Legislature neither company had been organ-
ized na required by tho laws of Oregon. Tho west
side company, however, filed its assent in this de-
partment within the year.
liy a resolution adopted by the Legislature in Oc-
tober 18u8, the east side compauy was designated.
The purpose of tho bill, as understood, is to author-
ize this company to file its "assont" without preju-
dice to the rights or interests of tho other company,
and you ask for an expression of my views us to
whether there is any necessity for the proposed legis-
lation.
In reply I have the honor to state, that as the
matter now stands tho grant, so far as tho portion
of road in Oregon is concerned, lias lapsed, while the
grant for that portion of the road situato in Cali-
fornia is still in forco, and some legislation by Con-
gress is necessary to revive tho grant for the Oregon
portion of the, road.
Tho proposed bill, if it becomes a law, will, in my
opinion, accomplish that purpose.
On the 13th instant I declined to act upon maps
filed by the west side company "in tho absence of
a judicial decision as to the rights of the claimants
or some action by Congress upon the subject." I in-
close a copy of said letter.
The papers which accompanied your letter are
herewith returned.
I am.fw, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
0. II. BR0WHINS,
Hon. George II. Wii.i.t.vms, United Stat ^Senate!'
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. 0., January 13,1869.
Sir : I have received your letter of the 11th instant,
asking that certain maps filed by J. Gaston, esq.,
under the act approved July 25,1866, as showing the
location of the railroad from Portland, in Oregon, to
tho northern line of the State of California, may be
accepted by this Department.
In reply, I have to state that as there are two com-
panies of the same name claiming under the laws of
the State of Oregon the benefit of the grant made
by said act of 1866 I must decline, in the absence of
a judicial decision as to the rights of the claimants, or
some action by Congress upon the subject, to comply
with your request.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
0. II. BROWNING.
Secretaiif.
S. G. Eked, esq.,
Care Hon. II. IF. Corbeit, United States Senate,
Mr. CORBETT. Do I understand that that
last letter is addressed to me, or to some one
else in my care ?
The Chief Clerk. To " S. G. Reed, care of
Hon. II. W. Cotcbett, United States Senate."
Mr. CORBETT. i never saw the letter be-
fore.
Mr. WILLIAMS. They sent me a copy
of it.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state that I believe
those letters were written before this protest
was prepared, and the facts as set forth by Mr.
Reed were ready to be presented to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to state that with
my letter I submitted to the Secretary of the
Interior the protest signed by nine members of
the Legislature, in which every fact.and every
argument that can be made in favor of this
west side road was made. This was sent to
the Secretary of the Interior with what is called
a statement of the facts on the other side. He
was requested to examine and decide the mat-
ter ; so that he was not ignorant of the argu-
ment on both sides of the question.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state one very im-
portant fact, that the telegram which has been
received states that the papers were placed on
file in the Secretary's hands on the 6th day of
October, I860, and the company was desig-
nated on the 10th of October as the company
to receive this grant. This is the statement of
the Secretary of State. He, it appears, had
made a statement before that that the papers
were not filed until some time after that; that
is what he calls filing. The question is, when
the papers were really filed; whether they were
filed when they were placed in the Secretary's
office on the 6th October, or whether they were
not filed until after they were withdrawn and
replaced again. That is the position ; and the
Secretary of the Interior does not appear to be
cognizant of these facts. That is all I have to
say.
The PRESIDENT jtwo tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Indi-
ana, to recommit the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will ask the Senator
if he will not be willing to have these papers
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary ?
It is alleged that this is altogether a judicial
question.
Mr .HENDRICKS. The Committee on the
Judiciary, I know, is very much burdened
with business, and there is not much probabil-
ity that the committee would be able to exam-
ine this subject at this session. I suppose the
Senator wants an early examination.
Mr. CORBETT. It would be perfectly sat-
isfactory to both parties to have the subject
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROY. I, for one, prefer that it
should go the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS, it might not be satis-
factory to the Judiciary Committee; but that
committee, of course, will want a very full and
accurate statement of facts, a more accurate
one than it seems to me is in the possession
of the Senators.
Mr._ POMEROY. A reference to either
committee will defeat it for this Congress. So
it does not make any difference to which it is
referred.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to refer the bill to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If Senators prefer the
Judiciary Committee, I have no objection in
the-worlato that.
Mr, HOWARD. It had better go to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well ; I renew
the motion to refer it to that committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to say on this
subject that I consider it to be my duty to ob-
ject to the reference of this bill again to the
Committee on Public Lands, because it is
entirely evident that that will defeat the bill for
this session. I am only prompted by a desire
to save the land to the State. - These papers
were before the Committee on Public Lands;
they examined them as w.ell as they could,
and they have reported in favor of this bill.
I do not see any occasion for referring the
papers back again to the same committee for
a reexamination, when there are no new facts
developed here that did not exist at the time
the papers were before the committee.
Now, sir, as to this telegram I have to say
that I have the certificate of the secretary of
State, under the seal of State, that these papers
were filed on the 21st of November, 1866 ; and
I have been informed that he, as a witness
before the Legislature, swore to this state of
facts, I did not hear the testimony, but he
testified, as I am informed, thatan envelope was
sent to him and he was requestsd to indorse
the date on the envelope, which he did in
pencil marks; that the papers were immedi-
ately withdrawn and returned and filed on the
21st of November. That may be a mistake.
If these papers were duly filed in the secre-
tary's office on the 6th day of October, before
the designation was made, then I do not know
that there is any question in this case. But the
facts have always been represented differently
to me; they are so represented in the papers
that have been submitted, and I have always so
understood them. If there has been a mistake
about that, then these proceedings have been
grounded upon a mistake as to this fact. But
this bill in this shape'will not, in any event, in
any way affect the rights of the west side com-
pany. I desire to say now, once for all, that I
want the west side company to have this land
if it is entitled to the land under that designa-
tion. If it is not, then I want the other com-
pany to have the land; so that some company
may appropriate this land to the use of the
State. If the Senate is not disposed to do that>
I feel that I have performed my duty to the
people I represent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on referring the bill to the Committee
on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to—ayestwenty-one,
noes not counted.
CONNECTICUT HIVER 1SRIDGJ5.
Mr. PERRY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1856, the bill in relation to the Shore-Line
railroad.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut moves to take up the
hill (H. R. No. 1856) to establish a certain
post road in the State of Connecticut.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What committee did
that come from?
Mr. FERRY. Prom the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
_ Mr. HENDRICKS. Then that is not within
the order providing for the session this evening.
Mr. FERRY. The order, as I understood,
was to consider bills from the Committee on
Public Lands or Private Land Claims, or such
other private bills as the Senate might con-
sider. That was the order. I have been en-
deavoring for a week to get this bill before the
Senate, and have agreed with my colleague,
who takes an interest in the bill, to notify him
in advance of the time when I would move to
have it taken up. I notified him yesterday
that I should move to have it taken up this
