1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
1831
qualified by three additional restrictions. It is
not an independent proposition, it is all one
sentence; and the reason of the thing, it seems
to me, is that where a sentence is an entirety
and one part is made dependent upon another,
it is impossible for a committee of conference
to compare-views and comply with the general
principle of a free conference, as laid down in
Jefferson's Manual, unless they can so modify
the sentence as to make it a complete whole
and accommodate the difference between the
two Houses. This is what Jefferson's Manual
says:
"At free conferences the managers discuss, viva
voce and freely, and interchange propositions for such
modifications as may be made in a parliamentary
way and may bring the sense of the two Houses to-
gether."
Mr. Bayard obtained the floor.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Dela-
ware will allow me a moment I desire to read
another case which belongs to the cases that
I cited. This case is within the memory of
almost every Senator, because it occurred in
1867. It was on the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on House bill No. 234, to incor-
porate the National Capital Insurance Com-
pany. The Senate will remember that that
extraordinary bill, the only national corpora-
tion that ever got through this body, and if we
had it before the body now I fancy it never
would go through, was finally compromised by
a committee of conference. The committee
made their report, in which they undertook to
reconcile the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, and then they changed the text of the
bill, and here is the action of the Senate upon
it:
"The Senate proceeded to consider the report;
and
"On motion by Mr. Morrill"—
The Senator from Maine, who was chairman
of the committee—
"Resolved, That the Senate agree thereto.
"TheSenatethcn proceeded to consider the recom-
mendation of the cumwitlee of conference that cer-
tain amendments be made to the text of the bill;
and
"The recommendation of the committee was unan-
imously agreed to.
"So it was
" Be&olved, That the Senate agree to the report of
the committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
ofthetwo Houses on the bill (H. It. No.2o4) to incor-
porate the National Capital Insurance Company;
and that the Senate do also unanimously agree to the
amendments to the text of the bill as recommended
by the committee of conference."
And the Secretary was directed to notify the
House of Representatives to that effect. Thus
it will be seen that when a committee of con-
ference have undertaken to amend the text of
a bill it has always been done by the Senate
agreeing to it unanimously and on that basis
alone. That is the point I make in regard to
this report.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not propose to enter
into the controversy about the question of par-
liamentary law; but it is right that the Senate,
or if not the Senate the country, should under-
stand that the committee of conference of the
Senate of the United States have recommended
precisely the same proposition in its legal im-
port—no possible alteration can be made—
that the Senate voted upon and rejected about
two weeks ago. The proposition which came
from the House to amend the Constitution
originally—House joint resolution No. 402—
was met in the Senate by amendments. Those
amendments passed in the Senate by a two-
thirds vote. They were sent to the House of
Representatives, and the House of Represent-
atives disagreed to those amendments and
asked for a committee of conference. The
Senate did not assent to that request, but they
receded from their own amendments, and the
question came up directly on that which the
committee of conference now recommend in
legal import. A few words are altered at the
end about any citizen or class of citizens, but
they have no shadow of effect in altering the
meaning of the article. The. committee of
conference have, then, presented to the Sen-
ate, by way of amendment, precisely the same
proposition that, by a vote of 81 against 27,
the Senate of the United States rejected, I
think, last Tuesday week. I do not know, I
cannot tell, what may be the motives which
actuated the votes of honorable Senators then.
They may change those votes to-day; but if
those votes remain this amendment is lost,
because it is the same which has already been
rejected. It is for them to explain to their
own constituents and explain to the people of
the United States the grounds and reasons of
the change of a vote given after a full discus-
sion before, after the Senate had receded from
all its own amendments, when the direct propo-
sition came before them; and that same amend-
ment is the amendment now proposed to us to
be adopted.
Mr. HOWARD. The question is upon con-
curring in the report of the committee of con-
ference. I shall vote to concur in the report
not because this amendment of the Constitution
as presented is entirely satisfactory to me, but
because I think that it is at present the best
that can be obtained. I must content myself,
therefore, with the best I can get and run the
risk of the future.
I desire to call the attention of Senators to
the peculiar wording of this amendment and to
its application in the future. 1 had hoped that
the amendment which we should adopt at this
session of Congress would have the effect to put
an end to all farther discussions throughout the
country as to the political status of the colored
man. 1 think that has really been the great
object at which we have all aimed. I wish this
amendment accomplished that object. It pos-
sibly may do so ; possibly it may not. It will
be observed from the language of the report
now before us that it- does not confer upon the
colored man the right to vote. I wish it did ;
because if it had that effect it would for the
future put an end to all controversy respecting
his political right as a voter in the United
States. As to his right to hold office that, in my
judgment, would follow almost as a matter of
course. At any rate it would be a subject about
which I should have no concern for the future;
for a person possessing the right of voting at
the polls is inevitably in the end vested with
the right to hold office under the Government
of which he is a voter. This, however, confers
no right to vote. It declares that " the right
of citizens of the United States to vote shall
not be denied or abridged," &e., without
imparting the right itself.
Suppose that after the reorganization of the
Government in the State of South Carolina,
for example, the voters in the State shall see
fit to divest the colored man there of his right
to vote. They certainly have a right to do so,
under the reserved rights of the States as one
of the States of the Union; and the only mode
in which the right to vote could be restored to
the colored man in that State would be under
the subsequent clause in this amendment giving
to Congress power to carry out and effectuate
this clause by appropriate legislation, so that
Congress would then, if it saw fit, step in and
remedy the defect of the State law and restore
to the colored man his right to vote. This
might be the case in more than one of the
States of this Union. It might, indeed, be the
case in all States of the Union ; and Congress
would be called upon to exercise an authority
under the second clause of this amendment,
aud to impart by direct congressional legisla-
tion to the colored man his right to vote. No
one can dispute this.
Suppose that after having passed such an
act of Congress thus conferring the right upon
the colored man a subsequent Congress should
see fit to overhaul our action on the subject
and take away from the colored man the right
to vote. That might be done, because the
action of one Congress does not neeessarily
bind a subsequent Congress in regard to its ac-
tion. So that this question of negro suffrage,
as it is called, will still be a subject for political
discussion and wrangling for perhaps all time
to come ; and this amendment, as to which its
authors fondly hope will put an end to all this
di'scossion for the future, in my judgment
no such filing, but rather holds out to the
future the same subject as a theme'for polit*
ical wrangling and discussion; and there is no
possibility of foreseeing the time at which the
great negro question will be put to rest.-. • ;
Thejse are some of the difficulties, and ihe
main difficulties, which I see growing out of
this particular form of the amendment.' I hope
it will work well; I trust it will; but I cannot
refrain irom pointing out to the'Senate tbedifi
Acuities which I foresee may take-plaee in the
future growing out of this same, amendment
of the .Constitution. , . -
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I under*
stood the. Senator from Kansas to raise the
question of order whether under parliatBeBtasry
laW we were entitled to pass upon this question
which is now submitted to us in this report!
Certainly, if there be anything in the question,-
as I think there is, it can be no other than a
question of parliamentary, order.
The history of the proposition is this: the
Senate passed a joint resolution—which is the'
original proposition now before us—and- sent
it to the House, declaring that the right of citi-
zens of the United States to vote ancl Jiold office
should not be denied or abridged by the United
States or by any State by reason of race, eolor,
or previous condition of servitude. I believe
I quote the exact language, or substantially,
sufficiently for my purpose. Tbei House of
Representatives agreed to. that with; two pro-
posals of amendment. The first was to strike
out the words "the United States," so as to
leave the prohibition applying to the States ia
their individual political capacity alone; and
second, to add to the enumerated grounds of
prohibition three others than those proposed
by the Senate—nativity, creed, property. The
Senate disagreed to those proposals of amend-
ment, and a conference .was the result.
Now, what were the powers of that confer-
ence committee 1 If there is anything that is
settled in parliamentary law, if there is any-
thing that is settled in the proprieties of legis-
lative proceedings, it is that there was confidec}
to those gentlemen only the question of discuss-
ing the points of disagreement arising between
the two Houses. Now, was the question of
office-holding one of those points of disagree-
ment? No man will say that, because both
bodies had voted for it. The points of disa*
greement were first on striking out the words
" the United States," which may be set aside as
not material to this inquiry ; and second, as t 
modifying or restraining what we had proposed
on the subject of the causes of exclusion—raee,
color, or previous condition of servitude—and
adding further and other causes in respect to
which we would deny to the States the power
of legislation or political action. These were
the only things that were sent to this committee
of conference; they were the only subjects
which the Senate and House of Representa-
tives were willing or could have been willing
to confide to their discretion, because they were
the only points and causes of disagreement.
Now we find that the committee report that
they have agreed to recommend that the House
of Representatives recede from both its pro-
posals of amendment and agree to the resolu-
tion of the Senate to which it had already
agreed, with an alteration of the substance, I
may say because I feel it, the life of the text
of the resolution.
My friend from Kansas has shown from the
Journals of this body that there never has been
an instance so far as he has gone in which a
committee of conference has attempted to go
outside of the subjects of disagreement and to
change that which had already been agreed to
except where both Houses, dispensing by unani-
mous consent with all rules of order, have
agreed unanimously to make some phraseolog-
ical change.
Now, what does this propose to do ? It pro-
poses to strike out from this constitutional
amendment one half of all it contains. It pro-
poses to say, "While we will leave to the States
of this Union the power to deny one class or
