1626
BOEh C©M}REg$K>MAL; ©LOOMS.
FebruarjgfMi
many classes of their citizens the right to be
yoted for, the right.to represent and to protect
in a legislative way their own citizens, we will
deny to a State - the power of saying that they
ehalt not/, choose." If this were a mere ques-
tion of technicality., if it did not involve a great
principle, I certainly should not raise any point
6f order upon it; but feeling, as I did" in com-
mittee, thatit wasmerely asserting the shadow
wiile it. wiped oat the substance, that it was
flying in the face, so far as peace and progress
are concerned, of all history and all experience,
S. felt obliged to deeline to sign this report on
the ground, among others, that it had gone
entirely beyond any authority that the com-
mittee had to treat upon the subjects of dis-
agreement between the two Houses.
But suppose that, as we sometimes do in this
body in order to attain what gentlemen may
suppose to be a great end, we fly in the face
of the law, break down the barriers that par-
liamentary propriety and the success of good
legislation have imposed upon us by our own
consent, and disregard the law, where do we
find ourselves then on the merits of this prop-
osition ? What are the failures that we are
attempting to redress by a change in the fun-
damental law of the nation ? What is the grand
moving cause that impels us to withdraw from
the States of this Union who have hitherto
exercised it entire power over the political
question of the right of suffrage and the right
to hold office ? Is it not that in many of these
States there are large classes of citizens who
are practically ostracised from the Government,
and who therefore reside in a community that,
while it has the shadow and pretense of repub-
licanism, has none of its reality? Most cer-
tainly it is ; and therefore you intend to inter-
pose the nation's will, found in the assent of
three fourths of the States, to compel a real
republicanism and a real democracy in these
States; and what are the steps on this report
that you propose to take to do it? You pro-
pose to take the very steps—I repeat what I
said a moment ago on that subject—you pro-
pose to take the very steps that all history has
demonstrated to be deadly to a republic. To
be sure the instances are not frequent, for few
peoples have been so wanting in intelligence
and in a knowledge of the philosophy of a
republican government as ever to institute a
distinction between the right of a citizen to
participate, if he is to participate in the gov-
ernment at all, entirely ; and if you give him
the right to have a voice in the government,
that voice cannot have any live expression un-
less it enables him to choose from among his
fellow-citizens the man who suits him for his
representative, instead of confining him, as this
amendment does, to a chosen aristocratic class,
saying to a citizen of a free republic, "You
have rights of manhood, you have rights of
equality, but you shall exercise those rights in
choosing some one of us to rule over you in-
stead of some one ofyour fellow-citizens whom
you prefer."
There is no instance within my knowledge
of history for the last five hundred years in any
country where the people have any rights at
all of political action where there has been
attempted the method that is proposed in this
amendment of excluding the mass of the com-
munity from exercising the powers of govern-
crnment in the way of being voted for and rep-
resenting their fellow-citizens instead of merely
having the boon that the plebeians in Rome had
to vote for the aristiocratic magistrate selected
from among the patricians. Now, sir, do we
wis-h to set up a patrician class in these south-
ern States? Do we wish to try an experiment
that has overthrown the most civilized of ancient
Governments? It would seem that we did by
this amendment. It would seem as if in our
eagerness to do something with the Constitu-
tion we had forgotten entirely that it was of
any consequence to know what we were to do
and to what end. Why, sir, we have an illus-
tration before our eyes that has been pressing
itself upon our attention for months on this
very subject. You have in this nation at this
day in one ,of the very. States upon whom this
Constitution is to operate an illustration of the
result you will come to by adopting an amend-
ment of this kind, an amendment which, con-
taining half of an inseparable, indivisible, and
united truth, is in reality a falsehood^ and that
State is Georgia. You will find, ifr.yoa let the
thing rua on, that the example of Georgiaivill
be imitated, in all the other States,&nd you will
have set up in this Republic a class aristocracy
depending not upon intelligence, upon which
some philosophers say a distinction may be
made—I do not go into it—depending not upon
faith: or creed, upon'which some enthusiasts
suppose a distinction may be made, but depend-
ing upon the mere accident of the complexion
of a human being, whom you say, as far as you
go, is entitled to equal rights and privileges as
a citizen of the country.
' Now, can you defend that before an intelli-
gent public? Will it be successful with an
intelligent public? Are you not making prog-
ress backward as fast as you can in the race of
life by proposing a proposition of that kind ?
Are you not giving to the people the mere husk
and shell of the feast of political equality to
which you invited them, reserving the sub-
stance and juices to yourself?
It is repugnant, Mr. President, to all my
notions of a free Government; it is repug-
nant, I know, to all the notions of the people
whom I represent as entering into the very
framework and heart of any Government that
professes to be or can duly be called a repub-
lican one. And where is the necessity for
taking this half step, as some gentlemen argue
it, of getting all you can if you cannot get the
rest? Is it to be found, so far as we have yet
heard, in any argument of the intrinsic pro-
priety of the thing? Not at all. No Senator
has raised his voice to defend the right of any
State to say while you give a man the right to
vote you shall not permit him to be voted for.
I do not know but that we shall hear it yet,
though nobody has heard it so far. What is
the reason, then? Some vague fear, I sup-
pose, fills the mind of some trembling convert
to liberty that his people will not be satisfied
to give the negro the right to run against them-
selves for some office, but they are willing to
confer upon him the boon of voting for them.
I do not believe in that, sir. As I have said,
I believe it to be ruinous to the Government
if it is carried out. I believe it to be an out-
rage upon the good sense and the patriotism
of the country; and so believing—though I
do not wish to occupy time in stopping its prog-
ress if my political friends think it best to pass
it—I have felt bound to say so.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, for nearly
thirty-three years I have at all times and on all
occasions, by word and by vote, done what I
could against slavery and everything relating
to it and connected with it. I have asked
always for what was right and taken on all
occasions what I could get. I have acted upon
the idea that one step taken in the right direc-
tion made the next step easier to be taken. I
suppose, sir, I must act upon that idea now;
and I do so with more sincere regret than ever
and with some degree of mortification. In
the early part of this session, before the month
of December passed away, I had hoped that
the majority in Congress would seize the great
occasion which was presented, when the hearts,
minds, and souls of the people, after having
passed through a great struggle, were deeply
imbued with the love of liberty and the sense
of justice, and we had twenty-five State Legis-
latures in the hands of our friends, and take
the responsibility of submitting to the Legis-
latures a proposition to amend the Constitution
so as to secure to the colored citizens of this
country the right to vote and be voted for.
But day after day, week after week^ month
after month passed away without action.
Then, sir, came the proposition, I think a
very lame and halting one, providing that
colored men should have the right to vote, but
silent about the rightto hold office. The Sen-
ate amended that proposition by a comprehen-
sive amendment, an amendment that covfered
more than the black man, for it covered the
white man and prohibited distinctions on
account of nativity, property, education, or
creed. Sir, I have no doubt that -if that
amendment could have reached the people it
would have been the strongest amendment
ever submitted to the American people. Out-
side of a few localities in New England and on
the Pacific coast there could have been no .
resistance to it. In the great central States
and in.the West, and especially in the West,
there is not a square mile on which men could
■have stood and made opposition to it.
Sir, it would have swept away any forma-
tion that.dared to stand against it; but it was
rejected in the other House; it was met by
opposition from quarters from which I did not,
1 confess, expect it in Congress and out of Con-
gress. It received, I think, very narrow criti-
cisms, inspired more by notions and theories
than by a sense of absolute right and justice. If
the black man in this country is madeequalwith
the white man—and I hope he soon will be—
I mean, by the blessing of God, while I live to
hope on and to work on to make every white
man equal to every other white man. I believe
in equality among citizens—equality in the
broadest and most comprehensive democratic
sense. No man should have rights depending
ou the accidents of life.
We passed the amendment of the Judiciary
Committee, allowing citizens without distinc-
tion of race, or color, or previous condition to
vote and to be voted for. That amendment
was returned to the House of Representatives "
with an amendment like the amendment origin-
ally adopted by the Senate, with the exception
of the word "education." Under the lead of
the Senator from Nevada we referred the mat-
ter to a committee of conference, and now the
committee of conference bring us this proposi-
tion, which is the original report of the Senate
Committee on the Judiciary, with the right to
hold office stricken out. Senate proposition
and House proposition both gave the right to
hold office. Why does the conference commit- '
tee strike out a provision agreed to by both
Houses?
The Senator from Vermont tells us that we
are in favor of giving the right to vote, but will
not give the right to hold office. I am going
to vote for this proposition without taking any
responsibility for it. I am not responsible for
this half-way proposition. I simply take it at
this late hour as the best I can get after having
struggled for the right to vote and the right to
hold office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask my friend how he
knows that this is the best he can get? He
can never get anything better if he does not try.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator will
vote with me to disagree to this report and ask
for a further conference. I propose to move,
as soon as I can get the floor, that the Senate
disagree to this report and ask for a further
conference.
Mr. WILSON. If there is an opportunity
to get the right to hold office I will do it; I take
no risk, for I am determined to take whatl can
get if I cannot get all I demand. The Senator
from Vermont, however, ought to see that his
argument can be used with effect against us
in States in supporting the amendment, if it be
put in the form he desires. The Senators and
members of Congress and newspaper corre-
spondents and newspapers ojight to see it.'
In the State of Connecticut the first great bat-
tle is to be fought, and right in sight of that
people are thousands of naturalized citizens
that cannot vote unless they hold $134 worth
of real estate. What will the enemies of the
measure say? They will say, as they have
done, "This is only a negro question." If the
amendment was as broad as the Senate origin-
ally passed it I should like to see the man on
the soil of Connecticut who could stand up and
fight the proposition. If he did he would fight
against the rights not only of the black man,
but the rights of thousands of adopted citizens
in a neighboring State. Could the Catholic
