874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
effect of tliebill, and as it affects several States,
and this letter is a shorter explanation than I
cotild give of it, f ask that it be read.
• The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
" BflPARtfJTENT OF tfHE INTERIOR.
General Land Office,January 19,' 1869.
Sir r I'had tine honor to, reeeive'this morning your
communication,ol<,the 16th instant, inclosing Senate
bill No. 715, to.legalize certain land locations, and
asking a report and the views of this office.
ThrobHl proposes legalizing loeatiofisof agricul-
tural' cdljrgge scrip made after the passage of act of
July 2,7,1868, therein referred to, and before official
notice of the existence of said act had been received
t>y the local'lftnd officefs.
This act was approved July $l\ 1868. ,Oo.the 11th
Augusta true copy was furnished this office by the
"State Department, and on the following day (12th)
the Commissioner addressed '-the several looaMnnd
officers, calling their attention to tho aot. and direct-
ing the observance of its provisions. The date of
t!xp rcccipt of these instructions ranges from tho 19th
August to the 9th September following, and sincc
thosn datesthe law has been strictly observed at tho
several,land offices.
In the mean time, however, and without knowl-
edge of the act, locations bad beea allowed in town-
ships having throe sections already located, and in
other townships to an extent exceeding the throe
sections. This was more particularly tho ca?e in
California, where the following locations were made
prior to receipt of instructions and subsequent to
pa&sage of the act, namely:
Stockton land office, located July 27. 1865.....  84
Stockton land offi.ee* located between 1st and 22d
August     49
133
Visalialand office, located July 29,1808 191
Visalia land office, located betweon Island
17th'August  93
- 284
Making a totnl of.     417
rcprehcnlinfr (!ti,720 acres of land. Tho instructions
•woro received at Stockton August 31, 1868, and at
Visalia iSoptewber 8,1868.
In Nebruska, Minnesota, and Iowa also tbo samo
state of facts exist, though not to so largo an ex-
tent; and since tho aot is effective from its dato nil
theao locations must bo canceled unless congres-
sional relief is given.
Tho entries appear to have been mado in good
faith, fees duly paid, and tho laws in other respects
fully complied with.
The bill bofore us, as informally amended, will
afford tbo necessary relief, is just in in its provisions,
«md wo oarnestiy recommend its passaKe.
Wo have tho honor to rot,urn the bill and accom-
panying statement, and to rouiain, very respectfully,
your obedient sorvant, jQg g \yjLS0N
Commissioner.
Hon. S. C. POMEKOY, Chnirm/m of the Committac of
Public Lands, United Stntcs Senate.
Mr. WELCH. I should like to hear the bill
read again, if it is not long.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Nevada.
Mr. STEWART. The reason why 1 offer
tho amendment is this: the Committee on the
Public Lands of the House of Representatives
havo also been considering this bill, and I
understand they have agreed, if they should
have an opportunity to report, to report this
amendment, aud consequently I think it had
better be adopted now.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CQNKLING. I offer the following
amendment as an additional section to the
bill:
And bo it further cnncted. That said aot bo, and tho
same is hereby, further amended by adding thereto
the following pioviso, to wit: Provided, That this aot
shall not be construed to affect the location of such
scrip as had been issued prior to tho date of its
approval: And provided .further, That all such scrip
shall bo received from actual settlers in payment of
preemption claims, in the same manner as is now
authorised by law in case of military bounty land
warrants.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire what object the
Senator has ia asking for the passage of the
amendment.
Mr. ABBOTT. I should like to hear the
amendment .of the Senator from New York
read again.
-['le Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. ABBOTT. As I understand it, that
allows the location of agricultural college land
scrip, which has been denied to the States.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir; it allows the
location to be precisely as it was under the law
at the time when the scrip wass- issued and
accepted. In other words, it prevents that
scrip being deprived now of the value which
up to- the time of the passage of the act which
this bill amends it had; and there is a special
hardship about it which, when it is important,
will b'e stated by me or by some other gentle-
man.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will read the law. It is
a very short one. The act of July 27,1868, was
in these words:
"That in no caso shall more than three sections
o,f public lands of the United States be entered in
any one township by scrip issued to any State under
tho act approved July 2,1862, for the establishment
of an agricultural college therein."
The college scrip of many of the .eastern
States was bought up on mere speculation for
fifty or sixty cents an acre and entered in large
tracts throughout the new States, entirely ex-
eluding settlement, improvement, and taxation.
The States of the West, complaining of this,
urged the passage of tho law of July 27, 1868,
and to satisfy that public demand it was passed.
The effect of the amendment now offered by the
iSpnator from New York is virtually to repeal
that law and to allow this scrip to be entered,
all that was issued previous to the enactment
of this law, as though it had never been passed.
I hope that portion of his amendment will not
be adopted by the Senate. The other portion
of it is proper, that the scrip may be used as
land warrants are by actual settlers. Thore is
no reason why that should not be adopted;
but I certainly hope the Senate will not adopt
tho first portion of his amendment.
Mr. ABBOTT. Mr. President, as I under-
stand it, there was a joint resolution passed by
both Houses, introduced by Mr. Julian, of
Indiana, preventing the location of this land
scrip. A controversy has arisen in regard to
the land scrip in Noith Carolina, in conse-
quence of which the State authorities do not
desire any change in that act until that con-
troversy is settled. If the Senate will except
tho North Carolina land scrip in this amend-
ment I am perfectly willing to vote for it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Tho Senator I do not
think would desire that, for the proposition
of the Senator from New York is to give to this
college scrip a very considerable increased
value. I think if the proposition of the Sen-
ator from New York be adopted that scrip will
go up from fifty cents to a dollar an acre.
Mr. ABBOTT. The land scrip of North
Carolina has already been sold, as is thought,
at a rate at which it ought not to have been
sold. 1 have introduc .1 a bill to nullify the
issue of the original lai.d scrip and providing
for a new issue, and the payment to the pur-
chasers of the principal and interest on the
money which he has paid for this land scrip.
If it is located, of course this controversy can-
not be settled.
Mr. POMEROY. The reason of this amend-
ment of the Senator from New York grows out
of a fact which I will state. I think there are
some reasons why the amendment should pre-
vail ; and yet it will work- perhaps a hardship
in other directions. This scrip was bought and
had passed into the hands, to a great extent,
of innocent purchasers before the passage of
this act limiting its location to three sections
m a township. At the time that law passed
some institutions had large amounts of it, and
it was at once reduced to about one half its
value. This scrip when you can locate only
three sections in a township, three sections in
thirty-six is worth only about half as much as
it would be if you could locate it as the law
was when the scrip was issued. Many of these
parties have complained to me of the effect of
it. I did not know such would be the result at
the time we reported the bill of last year.
Many of them have complained that this scrip,
which they bought under the law as it stood
worth so much, as soon as this aot was passed
depreciated in their hands about fifty percent.,
and they say it is a hardship, because their
institutions have been depleted to the amount
of I his reduced value of the scrip.
Mr. RAMSEY. Tho Senator is certainly
mistaken as to the amount of the depreciation.
I doubt if the scrip has depreciated five per
cent.
Mr. CONKLING. Forty per cent.
Mr. POMEROY. I said the depreciation
was about one half, and I learn now that it is
about forty per cent. The market quotations
I am told show.the depreciation to be just
about forty per cent. The limitation in the
•original act was that only one million acres
could belocated in any oneState. That restric-
tion the parties who purchased this land scrip
knew. They had no right to expect that they
could locate in any one State more' than a
mil-lion acres ; they bought it with that limita-
tion,- but after it had passed into the hands of
these institutions we put on another limitation,
and that is what they complain of. This
amendment of the Senator from New York re-
lieves from that restriction the scrip which was
issued and disposed of before the passage of
the act of July 27 last. I think there is a sort
of justice in it, and I do not know but entire
j ustice.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the injustice?
What hardship can it work?
Mr. POMEROY. The only injustice would
be that some sections of the country would
complain that whole townships were taken up
by college scrip and settlers not allowed to
enter on the lands because eastern colleges
had located whole townships. We limited them
to three sections in a township,-so that the set-
tlers could have a fair chance with the locators
~of college scrip.
But there is another clause in this amend-
ment which is very valuable, and that is that
which puts holders of land-scrip on an equality
with holders of land warrants, providing that
the college scrip may "be received from actual
settlers in payment of public lands like a land
warrant. 1 apprehend that if that portion of the
Senator's amendment was adopted, and the
other not, it would give about as much value
to this scrip as though parties had a right to
locate whole townships with it, because pre-
emptors would immediately buy it instead ot
land warrants, and the scrip would have the
value of land warrants as soon as that portion
of the Senator's amendment became a law.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Can the scrip only be
located on lands that have been offered for
sale?
Mr. POMEROY. College scrip can only
be located on lands that have been offered ; if
cannot be located on-landsnnoffered, although
they have been surveyed. There can be no
objection, I think, to allowing actual settlers
to use it, and that will give it the increased
value that these institutions are clamoring for,
and that I think they are justly entitled to.
Mr. CONKLING. Before the honorable
Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] adopts
an immovable impression against this amend-
ment, I hope he will observe that it is not offered
in the interest of speculators; nor is it upon
facts likely to inure largely to the benefit of
any such dass of people. My attention was
called to it by Mr. Cornell, the founder of the
Cornell University in the State of New York,
which I may say, if it is not now is in the
future, as I believe, to be the best school in
the world ; and I mean to measure my expres-
sion when I say that Mr. Cornell, who founded
and endowed this university, took as the aid
which was to servo him in the endowment lie
proposed the quota of seripand lands to which,
under the law New York was entitled. As
the Senator from Kansas said, it was subject
to one and only one restriction. Taking it, he
advanced of his own about three quarters of
a million dollars to begin with. I will not bur-
den the Senate with the account, but he fol-
lowed it up with subsequent endowments and
benefactions very large in amount. He relied
and the trustees relied upon the value of this
crip as it was then, not depreciated by any re-
striction excepting the one touching themillion
acres in a State. Legislation interposed and
depressed this scrip from one dollar to sixty
cents an acre. The honorable Senator from
Minnesota thinks I am wrong. I give him my
