T® CONGRESSIONAL
February ^6f
t.ude. ' We rejected that, and we gent to ttre
House of Representatives in lieu of it a prop-
osition declaring that there should be no dis-
criminations in any State among the citizens
of the United States? in the exercise of the
elective franchise or in the right to hold office
in any State on account of race, color, nativity,
education, or creed.
The House of Representatives rejected that
and sent us back substantially their first prop-
osition. We took a Vote upon that, and we
rejected it by a vote of 31 to 27, after very
full discussion. That was the second time
it had been done in substance. We then sent
back to the House the following proposition:
The right of citizens of the United States to vote
and hold office shall not be denied or abridged by
the United States or any State on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude.
The House refused to receive that in part,
but sent it back with the following alterations:
Strike out the words " United States " and insert
after the word " color " the words " nativity, prop-
erty, or creed."
The House had come exactly to our first
proposition which we had sent to them, with
the single exception of the word "education,"
and the House had agreed with us fully on the
proposition that the right to vote or to hold
office shall not be denied by any State on
account of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude. So far the two Houses were
agreed; so far they had concurred, and the
points upon which they disagreed were simply
the insertion of the words "nativity, prop-
erty, creed," and the striking out of the
words " the United States." They had agreed
upon everything else, and this was the only
matter that could properly be submitted to the
committee of conference. They had no right
to go behind and consider that in regard to
which the two Houses had agreed and to make
for us anew proposition that had been rejected
by the Senate by every vote that had been
taken ; but they have done it. The Senate
has been backed down from all its votes and
has been now brought to the first proposition
sent to the Senate by the House.
Mr. President, I think this action on the part
of the committee of conference was unwise.
Mr. CONKLING. AUowme to ask the hon-
orable Senator a question ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Shall we understand him
to affirm that the managers on the part of the
Senate in a conference have no right, using his
expression, to agree to any item in a bill which
the Senate has previously rejected?
Mr. MORTON. No, sir; I did not make
that assertion, but the assertion I do make is
that in so far as the two Houses of Congress
have concurred a committee of conference
has no right to take back that concurrence and
give them a new proposition.
Mr. STEWART. We have not done it.
Mr. MORTON. They have done it exactly.
The two Houses of Congress had concurred
thus far, that no State shall deny the right to
vote or to hold office on account of race, color,
or previous condition of servitude. So far they
had fully concurred ; they had come together :
and they had disagreed only upon inserting the
words "nativity, property, creed," and strik-
ing out "the United States," and it was that
disagreement that this committee had a right
to consider, and that only. Of course the com-
mittee intended no such thing; but it was hardly
respectful to the Senate to report here a propo-
sition that had been rejected by every vote of
the Senate and to disregard that upon which
the two Houses had agreed.
I may be compelled to take this proposition
just as it is because at this late hour of the ses-
sion if I do not take it I may not get anything ;
but I must say that I dislike very much to be
forced by a committee of conference to take a
proposition that has been so uniformly rejected
by this body.
Mr. President, as the proposition came to
us from the House, with the exception of the
single word " education," it was just what we
sent to the House some week or ten days ago.
The House had 'substantially come to 6nr
ground, and when they got there we deserted
from our ground. There may have been rea-
sons for that desertion, but they have notbeen
There are some other elements connected
with the suffrage question besides that of color,
and it was proper for ns to say in the Consti-
tution, when we came to amend it upon this
subject, that the right,to vote should not be
denied to any citizen of the United States on
account of his nativity. It is a great demo-
cratic-principle that we reeognize in our hearts;
and when we came to amend the Constitution
it was proper to put it in. - Sir, it would ap-
peal strongly to the hearts of a large part of
the population of this country, and was proper
as a safeguard against any future Know-Noth-
ing excitements or movements.
Then, there was that other word " prop-
erty the provision that the right to vote
should not be denied on account of a want of
property/ That appeals to a strong demo-
cratic sentiment; it is the establishment of a
republican principle that most of us recognize;
and when we come to amend the Constitution
on this subject it is properto putthat principle
in. It appeals to a strong republican- senti-
ment that is rife throughout the whole nation.
And it was proper to say, too, as another
essential republican principle, that the right
to vote and to hold office should not be denied
on account of religious faith or creed. Do we
not recognize that as being a true and sound
principle ? What was the objection to putting
that in? We had agreed to it; the House had
agreed to it, and yet the committee report to
us a proposition rejecting it. Sir, as a ques-
tion of public sentiment and favor the propo-
sition as it came back to us substantially from
the House the last time would be far stronger
before the people than the simple one of con-
fining it to color or race, and then we are lia-
ble to this charge which will now be made
and the force of it we can hardly avoid ; it will
be said that we are willing that the negroes
shall vote provided they vote for white men,
but the offices but" must be reserved for white
men. We can say, of course, that we do not
mean that; but they will come back on us and
say, " When the proposition was made in the
Senate, and after it had been concurred in by
both Houses, that the words ' to hold office'
should be put in, why did you strike them
out ?'' What answer have we to make ?
As I said before, my position is peculiar. I
will take what I can get and even be thankful
for that. But, sir, to have the proposition in
its length and breadth, as we desire it, re-
jected after both Houses had substantially
agreed to it seems to me to be more than we
bargained for when we appointed the confer-
ence committee, and I will never agree here-
after to submit any important proposition of
this kind to a conference committee.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, it seems
to me that the argument of the Senator from
Indiana demonstrates that a constitutional
amendment ought never to go to a conference
committee. The subject is too important. The
two Houses should act independently, each
House should act for itself on the question until
they come to an agreement by a discussion of
the proposition; but now what do we see?
There are many gentlemen here who are en-
tirely dissatisfied with this proposition who yet
say that they may feel constrained to vote for
this for fear they can get nothing else. It is
not because their judgments approve it, but
there is a kind of constraint that is brought to
bear on them to force this measure through the
Senate.
_ Without taking up time, for I have no dispo-
sition to waste the time of the Senate, I wish
to refer to one thing. The ink that wrote the
constitutional amendment which has already
been adopted, which has in a certain sense
been forced on the people of the South, as I
may say, by the reconstruction policy adopted
there, is hardly yet dry upon your statute-books;
and that constitutional amendment which has
been adopted, in principle and as a funda-
mental principle of the party in power and
holding the control in Congress, recognized it
as one of the essential rights of the States,
each for itself, to determine the right of suf-
frage ; and the only inducement held out by
that proposition to the States of the South to
induce tnem to extend the suffrage to the col-
ored men of the South was to extend the
amount of their representation in the Congress
of the United States hy counting in the* enu-
meration those persons who had lately been
emancipated.
That left the question where it ought to be
left. Each State should judge for itself of the
qualifications of its own electors, for in differ-
ent States with different populations a uniform
rule of suffrage may not be the best rule of
suffrage throughout the United States. Take
California and the Pacific coast, which in a very
few years will have not only hundreds of thou-
sands but perhaps millions of Chinese and other
Asiatics, and it may not be wise to put the gov-
ernment of those States into their hands. You
are about to reorganize or recast your naturali-
zation laws. Bills are pending on that 'subject.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
has a bill, proposed by him, to strike the word
"white" out of the naturalization laws, to
extend all the benefits of naturalization to the
Chinese as well as to men of European descent,
and with the passage of these bills citizenship
will be conferred upon this vast population to
be poured into those States from Asia.
Now, is it wise for us to put the governments
of the Pacific States into the hands of the
Asiatic population? Is it not better that we
leave the political power in those States where
we find it, in the hands of our own people and
our own race, who can best judge when this
right of citizenship shall be extended to the
Chinese ? Sir, is it wise after all for the party
now in power to be dissatisfied with what they
have just done, to be dissatisfied with the con-
stitutional amendment which they have taken
such pains to force upon the people of the
South, and by which they give each State the
power to regulate the question of suffrage for
itself?
Mr. President, I shall not go over this ground;
I have trodden it before, and all the consid-
erations which ever pressed upon my judgment
press upon me now to appeal to gentlemen who
have the majority, who control the action of
this body by a majority of four fifths, to let this
amendment go and leave to the States some-
thing of the high prerogative which belonged
to them in the beginning'and has ever belonged
to them, and which is essential to their exist-
ence as independent and republican States, to
judge each State for itself as to who and what
citizens shall exercise the right of suffrage
within their borders.
Mr. SAWYER. ' Mr. President, I suppose
rather than vote finally against this amendment
I shall vote for concurrence in the report of
the committee of conference; but before doing
it I wish distinctly to place before Senators the
view of the case which occurs to those who rep-
resent the recently reconstructed States. We
have for two years been subject to the charge
in those States that the Republican party of
the northern States put the negro on one plat-
form in the loyal States and upon another plat-
form in the lately disloyal States. We have
been constantly called upon to repel this charge
of a want of impartiality in the treatment to-
ward the negro in the several sections of the
country. We have been constantly asserting
that this could not properly be laid at the feet
of the National Republican party, but that it
was on account of some few weak-kneed Re-
publicans, men who did not dare to stand up
for the right in the full Republican faith and
doctrine in the several States, and that wherever
the question was fairly submitted to the national
Republican party it would be decided in favor
of the equal position of the negro with the white
man before the law.
Now, Mr. President, we are asked to accept
an amendment of the Constitution which pleads
