1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1629
guilty to the charge; we are asked to go back
to our people and say to them that the national
Republican party, as represented in Congress,
acknowledges that the charges which have been
made by the late unrepentant rebels against
that party are true. Now, I do not know that
I shall not vote for this report rather than to
lose any and all propositions on this subject;
but I believe that in some of the States which
have been recently reconstructed the Legisla-
tures, strongly Republican as they are, will
hesitate before they adopt this amendment. I
believe there is quite as much risk of its being
lost in a number of those States as there is in
its being lost in an equal number of northern
States if you put into the proposition the right
to hold office.
You may say, and Senators on this floor do
say, that the right to vote involves the right to
hold office. I say the discussions on this floor,
and the private opinions of Senators as ex-
pressed in debate, show that that proposition
is denied ; and I put it to the individual con-
science of each Senator on this floor whether
he is not wanting in perfect clearness about that
fact. We know certainly that the gentlemen
of the Democratic party on this floor do not
entertain this view. We believe that there are
many Republican Senators on the floor who do
not entertain this view. At any rate it will go
before the country that a proposition to hold
office has been suggested to form part of this
amendment and that it has been deliberately
voted down. If it means nothing why vote it
down ? If the right to vote carries with it the
right to hold office, Iaskyou if to-day in Geor-
gia the right to hold office is recognized by the
Republican party ?
1 hold, Mr. President, that if we are to run
a risk in this matter of losing this amendment
because there are some States which will not
adopt the proposition to hold office, it is better
to run the risk in the direction of the right.
Whenever it is necessary to run a risk in a
matter of this sort, let us run it for the right
and not for the wrong; and I appeal again to
the conscience of every Senator on this floor
on the Republican side of the House whether
he does not believe that the right belongs to
every citizen of the United States to carry a
vote and to hold office if it belongs to any other
man? Is not that the ground-work of the ac-
tion of the Republican party in the past ? And
ha^e we not preached that doctrine among our-
selves? Have we not preached it to the peo-
ple? And now when we come to propose a
constitutional amendment shall we halt and
stop short of what we believe is right and what
every one of us has been preaching? I sub-
mit there is more danger of losing this prop-
osition, of losing the confirmation of the amend-
ment on this account if we have it half right
than if we have it wholly right.
Now, the right to vote, as it seems to me,
will inevitably be given to the colored men in
the various States by—I do not like to use the
term—the inexorable logic of events in the
next five years. It cannot be refused. It will
corneas a matter of course in the States. If,
therefore, the proposition to amend the Con-
stitution is confined simply to the right to vote,
it is a matter of not so much consequence as
has been attached to it. But if, on the other
hand, the Republican party desire to put fairly
and squarely before the nation the platform
upon which they have professed to stand in the
past, the platform upon which we claimed in
the South that they did stand upon, true to
their professions and their principles tbey will
make a constitutional amendment which is
right and submit it to the people ; and if the
people vote it down let us wait until the public
sentiment gets up to the right point.
This is the view which we take of it in the
southern States. I do not wish to put my
individual opinion—I presume there is no Sen-
ator from the lately reconstructed States who
would desire to put his opinion—against the
opinion of the wise men on this floor and de-
feat this amendment if they show a unanim-
ity of opinion upon it; but when we see that
there is a great division between those men
who have been tried in the party and in the
public councils for many years I submit we
may be right. If I vote for this proposition,
if I vote to concur in this report of the com-
mittee of conference, I do it with great reluc-
tance, I do it with great hesitation, and I do
it because I am advised that we must have
something, and that this is the best we can
get.
Mr. STEWART. I have refrained during
this discussion from occupying time. I will
not now occupy time, and I ask the friends of
the proposition not to occupy time; but I must
submit a few considerations to the Senate; I
must make a few remarks" just now upon the
condition of the ease as it has arisen.
It is said that if you cannot have it right do
not have it at all. The question of what is
right I suppose must be determined by the
majority of the two Houses. There are no
two Senators who agree as to exactly the thing
which should be done. The Senator from Kan-
sas has been pressing his motion for female
suffrage; the Senator from Vermont wants to
have office holding included; the Senator from
Massachusetts wants to have nativity and creed
inserted. Neither of these concurs with the
other; one wants a t crossed this way, and
another wants an i dotted that way ; and thus
it is that we lose time discussing little things
that do not enter into the main question.
I wish to say right here that.the question of
suffrage is an important question. Two years
ago about this time we had the question of
suffrage in the southern States before the Sea-
ate ; and I recollect what a trying time that
was. A military bill came in here which
handed the southern States over to the mili-
tary ; it was supported by the committee of fif-
teen ; it passed the House; it was being pressed
in the Senate; and I rose then and said it
was necessary that there should be some vot-
ing in the South ; that the ballot was the solu-
tion of this whole question, and that I would
not support any proposition that did not re-
quire some voting to be done. Friends came
to me and said, " What! will you break with
the Republican party?" I told them no, I
will stay with the Republican party; but the
philosophy of the republican theory is that all
men shall have the ballot. We had a cau-
cus ; it resulted in the military reconstruction
bill upon which those States were recon-
structed, aud by which and through which the
Senators from South Carolina, who are here
to-day boast of a constituency that is more
radical than Massachusetts. They think they
are safe. But you are not safe everywhere ;
you are not safe in Georgia. That has been
alluded to. You say it is because they have
denied negroes the right to hold office that
you are not safe in Georgia. It is not the rea-
son. The reason is that their right to vote is
in danger. If they can retain the ballot in
Georgia they will force the power that exists
there to give them the right to hold office.
They hold the ballot in Georgia by a very
slender tenure. You let Georgia come inhere
as she now is and the negro in Georgia will
not have the ballot three weeks. Look at the
practical example in Tennessee. The friends
of equal rights gave the ballot there to the
negro  
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. STEWART. Not just now. Let me finish
the sentence. The friends of equal rights in
Tennessee gave the negro the oallot. The
Democrats commenced at once to say to them:
" You are good enough to vote; but not good
enough to hold office." The Republican party
then immediately in the Legislature—if I recol-
lect rightly .the Legislature had the power to
amend the constitution—gave them the right
to hold office; and that will be the result every-
where where the ballot is given. The Senator
from South Carolina says that in five years the
logic of events will bring this about. Sir, if we
fail now, it never will be brought about. The
States by individual action will not do it in his
day or mine. .You give the negroes in Maryland
the ballot and they, will dem<md their other
rights, as they did in Tennessee, Give it to
them in Kentucky and Delaware, and. they will
demand and obtain all their rights. The ballot
is the mainspring,; the ballot is power; the
ballot is the dispenser of office. I wanted to
insert the right to hold office in this proposi-
tion; but if I cannot give the poor and the
downtrodden the right to hold offiee, I will
give them the power to say who shall hold
office and dispense office; and their natural
selfishness will ijapel them to demand their
full rights.
Mr. President, I have labored hard .for this
constitutional amendment. I have been earnest
in my efforts to obtain it. I have not been a
stickler for words, I have been willing.tcj. take
any proposition that seemed likely to.succeed,
whether it was a House proposition oj a Senate
proposition I was notanxious to be.the author
of the words, I accepted every proposition
that was brought forward so long as there was
any prospect of its success. But it. is now so
late-inthe session that if this proposition cannot
be adopted none can be in my judgment. There
is not time for another conference and another
action of the House and Senate upon it. The
appropriation bills are not disposed of. The
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
notifies me that he is about to antagonize his
bill against this measure, and it must inevitably
go. Every Senator must see that there is not
time for further action.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. And no chance
at the next session.
Mr. STEWART. And no chance at the
next session? Your Legislatures are waiting
now, ready to act. Send it to another confer-
ence and the whole thing is lost.
Mr, FRELINGHUYSEN. There will be
no chance at the next session, because there
will not be a two-thirds vote there for it.
Mr. STEWART. And. there must be two
thirds in the other House. The proposition
on your table received in the other House 143
votes to 43 votes, and it will receive in this
body the entire Republican vote, as I under-
stand, when they believe that nothing else can
be obtained. I have labored here to. obtain
something else. I .have labored to have the
right to hold office inserted in the amendment,
because I was willing to do the whole right;
but that is impossible, and now I want to se-
cure to all men the right.to protect themselves
with the ballot. The ballot has shown that it
has potent effects in bringing loyal Senators
to this Hall from the South. It has shown
that it had potent effect in the South in reor-
ganizing that country. It was the only expe-
dient that could be substituted for the military
power there; and it.has worked better than
we had any reason to anticipate. Now, I say,
give to all men, regardless of race or color,
the ballot, and they will secure to themselves
all other rights. I appeal to the friends of the
measure to vote for concurrence in the report
of the committee. It is the only hope I have,
I am willing to work night and day for any
other proposition that shall be more accept-
able to gentlemen until the end of the session ;
but I have no hope that we can go through the
various stages of another proposition with, any
chance of success.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask the
Senator now the question which I rose to ask
him before, and that is, what effect he thinks
the passage of this amendment will have in
the very case which he has cited in the State
of Georgia? We go back to the people of
Georgia and tell them that we indorse the pre-
cise position which the white members of the
Legislature have taken; that is to say, that
there is a question whether the negro can hold
office or not.
Mr. STEWART. It will have this much
effect: it will place in the haud of the black
man of Georgia a rod of power before which
all politicians quail. It will put into his hands
a rod of power by which he can hold what
position he has until there can be some further
