878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was first upon the amendment
of Mr. Kerr, to strike outthewords " on pay-
ment of costs of arrest.5'
The question was put; and there were—ayes
52, noes 101. - ;,t ■ .
Mr. RO&INSG.N demanded t^e yeas and
nays ; and called for tellers on the yeas and
Days.
Tellers wer& ordered; and Messrs, Robin-
son, and Lamekoh of Ohio, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
thirty-two in the affirmative.
Bo the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative^-ryeas 38, nays 129, not voting
bo; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, James M. Avshley, Axtell,
Barnes, Boycr, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Ohanler, Eid-
jidgc, Getz, Glossbrenncr, Golladay, Grover, Ilaight,
Hohnau.Hotehkiss, Humphrey, Johnson, Thomas L.
Jones, Kerr, Knott. Marshall, McCormick, Niblack,
Niehol'jon, Phelps, Kobinson,Ross, Sits:reaves,Spald-
iu?, Stone, Tabor, Van Auken, Van Trump, Wood,
Woodward, nnd Young—38&
NAYS—-Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
Bailey, Baker, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton,
Bingham, Blaine, Boles, Boutwell, Boyden, Brom-
Broom&U, Buekland, Buckley, Benjamin F.
Butler, Roderick It. Butler, Cake, Callis, Churchill,
Cliit, Cobb, Cob.i^rn, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Dawes,
XMano. Deweese, Dickey, Dixon, Doekery, Don-
nelly, Driergs, Eekley, Bggleston, Thomas D.Eliot,
Farusworth, Bei'risa, Ferrv, Fields, Frcnch. Cross,
Goavely. Harding* Ilaughey, Hawkins, ileaton,
Kigby, Tlil], Hooper, Hopkins, Asahel W.Hubbard,
"Hulhurd, Hunter, Tngorsoll, Jenckes, Alexander II.
Jones, J add, Julian, ICelloy, lvelsey, Ketcham,
Kiuhen, Ivoontis, Laiiin, Lash, Goorgo V.Lawrence,
Willi sun Lawroneo, Lincoln, Loan, Loughridgo,
Marvin, Mnynard, McKoo, Miller, Moore, Moor-
li end, MorrelJ, Mull ins, N ewoomb, Ncwsh/im,Norris,
O'Neill. Oitli, P.mie, Pcrhatn, Pctois, Pettis, Pierce,
T'llfo, Pile, Plants, Poland, Policy. Price, Itaurn,
Hohertson, Sawyer, Sehenek, Seofield, Shanks,
Shoilabatkoi\ Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes, Stover,
Taylo?, Thomas, John Trimble,Trowbridge, Upson,
Van Aevnam, Burt Van Horn,Robert T. Van Horn,
Ward, Cmlwahider C. Washburn, Henry D. Wash-
hum, "William B. Washburn, Welker. Wliittemore,
Thomas Willisinis, William Williams. James P. "Wil-
son, John T. Wilson, and Windom—129.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arnell,
Baldwin, Banks, Barnum, Beck, Blackburn, Blair,
Bowon, Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarko, Corlcy,
Cornell, l)odj?e, Edwards Ela, James T.Elliott, Pox,
OurfteUI, Gove, Grisvvold, H; Wy, Hamilton, Ches-
ter 1) Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Kollofcp?, Lo-
kjhi, Lynch, Mallory, McCarthy, MeUulIoush, Mor-
c.u, Memory, Miui??on, Myers, Nairn, Pomeroy,
Prine<vPruyn, Randall, Roof?, Solye, Smith, Stew-
art, Syphor, Tnffe, Tilt, L-uvreuee S. Trimble,
'I'wi.-licll, Van Wyek, Vidal, Elihu B. Washburne,
tfiephm P. Wilson, and Woudbiidge— o5.
So thy amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
resolution reported from the committee.
Mr, HLDiMDG-E. Upon that question I call
for ihe yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
veas mid nays; and there were—twenty-four in
thu aOiniiative ; not one fii'ili of the last vote.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. li^LDRlDGE called for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering tellers;
andthere were—twenty-nine in the affirmative.
Mr. ELD1UDGE. Is not that sufficient to
order the yeas and nays?
'I'lleSPEAK 10U. Itisone fifth ofaquorum,
and sudioient to order tellers. But it is not
one fifth of the last vote, and therefore not
sufficient to order the yeas and nays.
Mr. KLIOT, of Massachusetts. I hope no
objection will be made to ordering the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. They will be regarded as
ordered, if no objection is made.
No objection was made ; and the yeas and
navs were accordingly ordered.
The question was upon adopting the resolu-
tion of the committee.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Chair, as the answer to it raay affect the
vote about to be taken. I desire to know of
the Chair what will be done with the witness,
should this resolution be adopted, if he is un-
able. as 1 am advised he is, to pay the expenses
of his arrest?
i.he SPEAI\&R. The Chair cannot answer
that questiou, asitis not a parliamentary ques-
tion. " The gentleman is well aware, however,
what would be done.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Cannot his repre-
sentative pay his expenses ?
-Mr. WOOD. As I am not his representa-
tive I want to know what will be done in the
case X have supposed.
Mr. BROOKS. I can answer the-question
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
wobth.1 • -
Mr. TROWBRIDGE.- Is this debate in
order ?
■ The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE,.- Then I object to
further debate.
The question was then taken(upon the reso-
lution reported from the select committee to
investigate ejection frauds in New York; and
it was decided in the affirmative—yeas 134,
nays 26, not voting 62 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, ArneJl, Dolos It.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Banks,
Barnes, Beaman, Beatty, Benton. Bingham. Blaine,
Boles, Boutwell, Boyden, Bromwcll, Broomall, Buck-
land, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Callis,
Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Clif't, Cobb., Coburn, Cook,
Corley, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Deweesc, Dickey,
Dixon. Doekery. Donnelly, Drigcrs, Eekley, Eggles-
ton, Thomas D. Eliot, James T. Elliott, Farnsworth,
Ferriss, Kerry t Fields, Garfield, Cross, Gove, Gravely,
Ilalsey, Harding, Haughcy, Hawkins, Higby, Hill,
Holman, Hooper, Hopkins, Ilulburd, Hunter, Cncrer-
soll,- Jenekcs, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian,
IColley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kerr, Kitchen, Koontz,
Laflin, -Lash, George V. Eawrenbe, William Law-
rence, Loan, Lofrau, Loughridge, Marvin, McKee,
Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Mullins, New-
comb, Newsham, Norris, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Per-
hnm, Peters, Pettis, Phelps. Pike. Plaiits, Polsley,
Price, Robertson, Schenck, Scofield, Selye, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Stokes,
Stover, Tabor, Taylor, Thoma«, John Trimble, Trow-
bridgo. Upson, Van Acrnam, Burt Van Horn, Rob-
ortT. Van Horn, Vrm Trump, Ward, Cadwaladcr C.
Washburn, llemy D. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Wliittemorc, Thomas Williams, Wil-
liam Williams. James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
and Windom—131.
NAYS —Messrs. Archer, Beck, Boycr, Brooks,
Burr, Chanler. Eldridse, Gotz, Glossbrenncr, Golla-
day, Grovor, Ilaight, Hotchkiss, Humphrey, John-
son. Thomas L. Jonct-, McCorinifdc, Niblack, Nich-
olson, Robinson, iloss,Sit^reaves,Stone, VanAuken,
Woodward, and Young~2(j.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Axtell,
Baldwin, Barnum, Benjamin, Blackburn, Blair,
Bowcn. Roderick lt.Butler, Cary, Reader W. Clarke,
Cornell, Delano, Dodge, Edward?, Ela, Fox, Frcnch,
Griswold, Hamilton, Hcaton, Asahel W, Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Ketcham,
Knott, Lincoln, Lynch,Mallory,Marshall,Maynard*
McCarthy, McCullougb, Morrell,Morrisscy,Mungen,
Myers, Nunn, Pierre, Pile, Poland, Pomeroy, Prince,
Pruyn, Randall, Kaiim. Roots, Sawyer, Stevens,
Stewart, Sypher, Taffe, Tift, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Tvvichell, Van Wyck, Vidal, Eliliu B. Washburne,
Stophon F. Wilson, Wood, and Woodbridge—62.
So the resolution was adopted.
The SPEAKER. The House, by adopting
this resolution, has directed that the witness
be discharged from arrest upon the payment
of costs.
river and harbor bill.
Mr. UPSON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint resolution of the Legislature of
the State of Michigan, asking the Senators and
Representatives in Congress from that State to
use their exertions to secure the passage of the
river and harbor appropriation bill now pend-
ing in the United States Senate; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
WYOMING TERRITORY.
Mr. "WOODWARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (EL R. No. 440)
changing the name of Wyoming Territory;
which was read a lirst and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Territories.
TARIFF ON SALT.
Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a petition of one hundred and thirty-one
leading mercantile firms and eight butchers'
associations of Baltimore, praying a reduction
of the tariff on salt; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
river and iiarbor bill.
Mr. FERRY, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint resolution of Ike Legislature of
the State of Michigan, asking the Senators and
Representatives in Congress from that State to
use their exertions to secure the passage of the
river and harbor appropriation 'bill now pend-
ing in the United States Senate; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
HARBOR AT DELAWARE BREAKWATER.
Mr. NICHOLSON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury ho,
and is hereby, directed to communicate to this House
all the information in his possession relating to any
surveys which have been made in the harbor at the
Delaware breakwater with a view to the erection of
a pier.
Mr. NICHOLSON also, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Unsolved, That the -Secretary of War be, and is
hereby, directed to communicate to this House all the
information in his possession relating to anv surveys
which have been made in theharborattheDelaware
breakwater with a view to the erection of a pier.
CLAIM OP R. M'ELHONIBY.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House, without
leaving copies, papers relating to the claim of
R. McElhoney for indemnity for Indian depre-
dations, the documents tci be presented to the
Senate.
TONNAGE DUTIES ON SPANISH VESSELS.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, reported from the Committee on Com-
merce a bill (H. R. No. 1865) for the repeal
of tonnage duties on Spanish vessels; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides for the
repeal of the act entitled " An act concerning
tonnage duty on Spanish vessels," approved
July 30,1834, and the first, second, and"fourth
sections of the act entitled " Art act concerning
tonnage duty on Spanish vessels," approved
July 13, 1832; and farther provides that of
Spanish vessels coming from any port or place,
in Spain or her colonies, where no discrimin-
ating or countervailing duties on tonnage aie
levied upon vessels of the United States, or
from any other port or place to and with which
vessels of the United States are ordmaiilv per-
mitted to go and trade, there shall bo exacted
in the ports of the United States no other or
greater duty on tonnage than is or shall be
exacted of vessels of the United States.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. 1 desire only
to say that the repeal of the provisions specified
in this bill has for a number of years been
called for by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Their effect has been to drive from our ports
all the Spanish carrying trade. Unless some
gentleman desires to make some inquiry in
reference to this matter I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading. Being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed:
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SESSION FOR THIS EVENING.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to say that in
consequence of the amendment to the tax bill
incorporating in it the law in relation to whisky
and tobacco not being printed and ready for
oar action we shall ask that there be no action
in Committee of the Whole to-night on that
bill. I will here state that all the rest of the
bill has been gone through with, with the ex-
ception of two or three points reserved in Com-
mittee ot the Whole of minor consequence,
and the whisky and tobacco part, which is in the
shape of an amendment embodying the pres-
ent law, so as to incorporate it as part of the
general bill. There are a very few amend-
ments of phraseology and some very few of
substance that the committee will recommend,
but they wauttimeto revise it to-morrow morn-
ing, when the amendment will be printed. V/e
