16S0
THE ^ONGRESSrONAiL GLOBE
February
reconstruction to stay the'haUd of the-oppress1-
ive rebel there, which is most outrageous. • ■
Mr. GRIMES. They have got that now.
Mr. STEWART. How long will they have it?
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator from
Nevada, who has just-takea-his'seat, has made
two appeals to his party that must bring them
up to the work; they cannot escape it. In the
first place, he says that unless the proposed
amendment is passed now some of the Legis-
latures of the-States will go out of office and
existence and new-Legislatures will have to be
elected, and-therefore-the amendment eannot
be passed. The honorable Senator from New
Jersey gives him another item, which my hon-
orable fifiend seizes upon in the fervor of the
moment and uses with a1 great deal of force to
bring'his frieads in this Chamber up to the
work. He says th«fc iw the next Congress there
will not be two thirds, of1 the House who will
be such Republicans as to be willing to pass
this amendment. That presents the - party in
such a strait that it must upon compulsion
do the work now. If the Legislatureshereafter
to be elected are against or will be against the
proposed ameudment, as these two ablelea-ders
of the party in the Senate concede, what would
become of the party if itdid not pass this fif-
teenth amendment i m mediately an d have all the
political benefit which it is capable of giving?
What would become of the party, too, if the
amendment should now fall to the ground and
it should be reproduced in the House on or
after the 4th ot March and it shall be found
that the Republicans have not a majority of
two thirds of the House to pass it?
But the case wculd not -be so desperate as
the honorable Senator stated. The party in
the House would only have to resort to its
ordinary tactics, and the tactics that have been
practiced in this body also. They would only
have to expel a lot of the Democratic members
from the two Houses to give them the requi-
site majority of two thirds, and they would be
in full possession again. They would only
have to send back Mr. Stockton, from the State
of New Jersey, and put in his stead his com-
petitor when he was recently elected. They
would only have to contest the seats of a couple
of members from the State of Kentucky and a
few members from other States and expel
them from their seats, and then, instead of the
people, the Republicans of the House elect
(heir successors;-and in that way they would
put themselves in complete possession of two
thirds of both Houses of Congress. I present
this view to comfort my honorable friend from
Nevada and also the honorable Senator from
New Jersey, and to assure them that their case
is not so desperate as it seems to be and is
entirely within the reach of the medicines that
they have heretofore applied to similar condi-
tions both in the House and in the Senate.
[Laughter.]
One word upon this amendment. I concede
myself, as was assumed so truly and so ardently
by my honorable friend from Nevada, that the
power to vote is a higher and more effective
power than the power to hold office. A class
of people who should be necessitated to be
deprived of one of those rights for their own
efficiency, their own power to protect and defend
themselves against oppression, in myjudgment
had better want the power to hold office than
the power to ^nte. I make another concession
in connection with this proposition: that the
power to vote in my judgment implies the
power to hold office; that is to say, it does not
necessarily do so under the provision of this
amendment, but a class of people who are
entitled to vote and to whom by principles of
right and good policy the right to vote ought
to be conceded ought to have at the same time
the concession of the right to hold office. If
it was my principle that the negro was a proper
depositary of the right of suffrage I would
unhesitatingly vote in favor of extending the
proposition and giving him the right to hold
office, which I deem to be a right of less force
and efficiency than the right to vote.
But, Mr. President, I deny that the negro
las-the; propel1 capacity to extercise this right,
and for that reason I Vbte inflexibly against—
I oppose in every form that I can ; I have from
-the beginning, and I will to the end—not restor-
ing, but to giving to him irt the first instance
the right to either vote ortohold office. I deny
that is a restoration of the right to the negro.
The negro in the State of Kentucky'never had
the right to vote. He cannot be restored to
that which he never possessed. He may have
this right given to him as an entirely new
right, but the idea, of restoring to the negro
the right to'vote is all a delusion; there is no
truth in it. I will not concede the right of the
negro to hold office so far as my voice is in-
volved because the majority of Congress: choose
to confer upon him the right to vote. I hold
that lie is incapable of a wise and safe exer-
eise of either of those rights in our Govern-
ment. The denial of those rights is not in con-
flict with natural right, because there is no
natural right to vote or to hold office in any
Government. I would not concede to. him
either of those rights, because I believe that
they would prove in their exercise mischievous
to the well-being of society at large, white and
black, and not less to the negro population
than to'the white population.
Mr. President, it is nothing but a fortti of
demagogery to say that every man is entitled
by nature to the right to hold office or to vote.
Those are artificial rights. They are creatures
of an artificial state and law of society. They
do not exist as natural rights. They ought not
to exist as universal rights, because the intelli-
gence, the circumstances, and the condition of
all nations differ. It might be very safe and
proper in one community to give the whole
political power to all the people, and it might
be very unsafe in another nation and another
community to give this right to the whole pop-
ulation. Sir, this is a truth in relation to all
statesmanship and to the exercise of power by
wise lawgivers: the political power of a coun-
try ought to be deposited where its exercise
would produce the greatest good to all the
people.
Gentlemen concede that idiots and lunatics
have not either a natural or an artificial right
to vote or to hold office. I ask them how they
can give this right to a race of men who through-
out their whole history, in every country and
condition in which they have ever been placed,
have demonstrated their utter inability for self-
government.
Take the empire of Russia, with its eighty or
one hundred million people, the most of them
barbarians, ignorant, having no knowledge of
autonomy or of the exercise of political powfer
necessary to take care of such a vast commu-
nity of people, would it not be preposterous
and absurd in the highest degree to give to the
population of that extensive and powerful
empire the right to vote and the right to hold
office?
Sir, look at the French. They have within
the last century made repeated efforts at self-
government. They commenced their great
effort in 1789. They eventually became almost
a democracy ; and from that they degenerated
into an oligarchy of demagogues. They proved
their utter inability to exercise this right wisely
and safely for the French people. The conse-
quence *vas that the new system failed; it fell
into ruin and anarchy and was succeeded by
the first consulate and then by the empire.
Napoleon was, however, deposed from his
throne and Louis XVIII was called back to the
throne of his fathers. He died and was suc-
ceeded by his brother, Charles X. Almost on
a cloudless day a popular storra arose among
the French people and drove Charles from his
throne ; and that introduced La Fayette and
other republicans. They established a repub-
lic and the republic lasted but a day compar-
itively. It passed away because of the utter
inability of the French people to perform the
great and difficult office of self-government,
either in person or by choosing wise and safe
representatives to exercise this the greatest
power in society. The consequence was that
the republic yielded and Louis Philippe wag
driven from his throne ; the third Napoleon
was called back to take the position of power
and of almost absolute government which his
great uncle had exercised in France; not for
the liberty, but the glory and power and grand-
eur of the French people. The idea that the
right of self-government, the right to vote and
hold office, could at this day be conferred upon
the French people without those salutary and
wholesome restraints which the ever present
and watchful power of Louis Napoleon exer-
cises over that people is as unsound a proposi-
tion as could be made in relation to politics
and government. " ' >
Sir, the right to vote is not a natural right,;
the right to hold office is not a natural right'.
There oUght not to be in any country, not
excepting our own, a universal right, without
regard to race or color, either to vote or tf>
hold office. The problem has long since been
solved, and it is settled now beyond reasonable
controversy, that the people universally, with-
out regard to race or color or condition of
intelligence, are not capable of self-govern-
ment; they cannot establish and maintain a
uniform, well-adjusted, settled government'.
The universal, race of mankind, whether iu
our own country or elsewhere, is wholly incom-
petent to the performance of such a great and
important work as that. It is nothing but the
sheerest deniagogism to deny the truth of that
position. It is proved by all history; it is
proved by philosophy ; it is proved to the satis-
faction of every reading and reflecting man.
In our country the only remaining problem is,
not whether the white man and the negro and
the Indian and the Mongolian and the Malay
and all other races that may choose to come
from the four quarters of the globe to the
United States are capable of sell-government
or not. That is no longer a problem. Tlie
proposition when stated stands refuted by
the truth of all experience and all history.
Sir, the only remaining problem in our coun-
try, and it is a very doubtful one, is whether
the white man is capable of self-government;
and it is a problem that has not yet been
established. I concede that the yearnings for
liberty are irrepressible. They spring eternal
in the human heart. No tyrant, no military
power, no despotism can ever stifle it forever.
It will break out and gather strength and heat
and energy until it heaves off despotism of
every form ; but when the despotism is heaved
off the work of self-government then begins',
and it is a work a hundred times more difficult
than to overthrow the despotism. Th'en comes
the great question, of such momentous inter-
est to the human family all over the earth, is
the white race itself capable of self-govern-
ment? It has not demonstrated the triith of
that proposition to my mind.
When our fathers began their experiment of
self-government it was under such favorable
auspices, with so much of intelligence and vir-
tue and after all the lessons of tyranny'and
oppression had been imparted to them, that I
had indulged in the young dream and the con-
viction that our liberties had been established
upon a perpetual and ever-enduring founda-
tion. I have given up that fond delusion wjth
the greatest reluctance. I do not believe that
our people have yet demonstrated their ability
to perpetuate the fiee institutions which have
been handed down to them by the generation
that formed them. It was a wiser, a nobler,
and a more virtuous race that formed them and
bequeathed them to us. Upon us has been de-
volved, if possible, a still more difficult taslf(
and that is to preserve the heritage of liberty
which was handed down to us by \Vashiugtoii
and Franklin and Madison and their compeers.
I believe that ail of it is now in peril, that all
qf it is now in the most imminent danger. I
believe that it is not only possible but very
probable that within the next twenty years it
may be overthrown. But when it is over-
thrown the people will never be satisfied tt>
lose their natural, indestructible right and de-
sire of self-government; they will still make a
