1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
shall expedite business very much by postpon-
ing action upon the tax bill till to-morrow
night. I ask utiatiimous consent, therefore,
that the meeting to-night shall be devoted to
the delivery of speeches without business.
Mr. WOOD. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman whether he is serious in desiring
linal action at this session upon the tax bill, in
view of the fact, which, I believe, is under-
siood generally by both lipases that the Sen-
ate cannot possibly act upon it?
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I am very
serious; and since the gentleman makes the
inquiry I will make this remark : if gentlemen
who criticise and talk about the impossibility
of passing this bill would only follow the ex-
ample of a few others and attend here in the j
evening there would be no difficulty in getting
it through in time for action by the Senate.
But the difficulty is, most, of the criticism
about want of time comes from gentlemen
who are not seen here when we are working
on the bill.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman does not include
me, I am sure.
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh, no ; I do not include
anybody ; 1 state the general fact.
Mr. WOOD. I was present last evening. I
believe it is understood that it is impossible for
the Senate to act upon this bill at this session.
Mr. SCHENCK. . The gentleman told us
the other day we could not get through the
bill, yet we have been at-work at it two Qven-
ings and have gone forward marvelously, and
there is a good prospect in an evening or two
more of our getting the whole bill off our
hands so that it will get through the Senate
before the close of the session ; and that would
have been done last session, too, if the com-
mittee had been sustained.
Mr. PRCJYN. I would suggest, in reply to
the gentleman's remark about criticism, that
it seems to me the smaller the number of mem-
bers present the sooner you get through the
bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very likely; but I sus-
pect the gentleman was not here, and all the
criticism comes from those who do notattend.
I ask that the evening session be devoted to
general debate.
Mr. MO.ORHEAD. Will the gentleman
accept an amendment?
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that the bill has been considered
aii except the spirits and tobacco amendment ?
The question of the taxation of the national
debt is not disposed of.
Mr. SCHENCIv. That is reserved to be
acted upon.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I suggest to the chair-
man of the committee that if the tax bill is not
ready we had better go on with the tariff bill.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. That -will require unani-
mous consent.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield to my col-
league to ask unanimous consent.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER, Mr. ROSS, and
Mr. WOOD objected.
Mr. MOORHEAD. The objection comes
from Pennsylvania.
By unanimous consent, the motion of Mr.
Schenck, that this evening be devoted to
general debate, was agreed to.
FREDERICK SCHLEY.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee of Ways
and Means a joint resolution (H. R. No. 407)
for the relief of Frederick Schley, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
The joint resolution authorizes the account-
ing officer of the Treasury Department to
allow a credit to Mr. Schley, late collector of
internal revenue in the fourth district of Mary-
land, such amount of uncollected tax as he
may, by satisfactory proof, show to have been
uncollected by reason of the destruction of
his tax-lists and accounts by rebel forces dur-
ing the recent rebellion.
Mr. SCHENCK. The proof is perfectly
clear that these papers were destroyed during
a rebel raid and that he is unable to settle his
accounts for that reason. This resolution gives
him permission to take that proof before the
Department. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
■ The, joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr.' SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tndian appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the !
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1738)
making appropriations for the currentand con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1870, with the amendments thereto reported
from tile Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and on which the main question
has befcn ordered.
The fourteenth amendment, upon which a
separate vote was demanded by Mr. Butler.,
of Massachusetts, was on page 60, line fourteen
hundred and seventy, to strike out "fifteen"
and insert "thirty;" so that the clause will
read :
Idaho Territory:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in Idaho Territory, presents ot goods, agri-
cultural implements, and other useful articles, and
to assist them to locate in permanent abodes, and
sustain themselves by pursuits of civilized life, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, $30,000.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That
amendment was consented to in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union be-
cause there was no quorum presentand to pre-
vent the breaking up of the committee. I trust
that it will not be a,greed to, or we shall have
to increase the appropriations for all the Terri-
tories.
Mr. HOLRROOK. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. HOLBROOlv. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts is allowed to state the reasons
why the committee increased this appropria-
tion I shall claim the right and privilege to
state that it is a perfectly just and proper ap-
propriation.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was put on the amendment;
and there were—ayes (!-l, noes 48.
Mr. BOTLER, of Massachusetts, called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Wood-
ward, and Butler of Massachusetts, were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 8l), noes 82.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 81, nays 84, not voting
57; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Dolos R. Ashley, James
M. Ashley, Axteil, Barnes, Beck, Boies, Boyer, Burr,
Gary, Chanler, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Co-
burn, Corlev, Dawes, Deweoxe, Donnelly, Eekley,
Edwards. Esccioston, Eldridge, .Tames T. Elliott,
French, Getz, Ulossbrenncr, Golladay, Goss, Gravely,
Grover, Ilaight, Ualsey, llaughey, Higby, Hotchkibs, ,
Humphrey, Jenckes, Johnson. Alexander ll.Jones, !
Thomas L. Jones, Kellev. Kerr, Knott, Koontz, '
George V. Lawrence, Mallory, Marshall, MeUor-
mick, MoKee. Moorhcad, Morrell, Niblaek, Nichol-
son, Peters, Plants, Price, Pruyn, Robertson, Ross.
Selye, Sitsreaves, Stokes, Stone, Taber, Taffe, Trow-
bridge, Van Aernam. Van Auken, Robeit T. Van
Horn, Van Trump, Ilenrv D. Washburn, Whitte-
niore, Thomas Williams. William Williams, James
E1. Wilson, Windom, Wood, Wood bridge, Woodward,
and Young—81.
NAYS—Messrs. AlH-on, Baker. Beaman, Beatty.
Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Boyden, Bromwell,
Brootnall. Buckley. Benjamin 1?. Butler, CaiUs,
Ciift, Cook, Delano, Dkkey, Dixon. Dockery, Thomas
D. Eiiof, Knrnsworth. "Fields, Garfield, Hea-
ton. Hill, Hoiman, Hooper. Hopkins, Asahct w\
Hubbard. Chester!). Hubbaid,RichardO.Huboard,
Hulburd, Hunter, IngorSoll, Jndtl, Julian,. Kelsey,
Kitchen, Laflin. Lash^ William,Lawrence, Lin.'oln,
Loan, Ijo'san. louffbrid'grivAIarvih, Maynnrd, Mer-
cijr, Miller, Moore, Muliins, Newcomb, Niwsbam,
Morris, Nunn. Ortb, Paine, Perham, :Pheips, Pile,
Polsley, liauiu. Sawyer, Schenok, Soofiefd, Shanks,
Shcllabarser, Smith; Spaldin'g, Steyeirsi. Stewart,
Stover, Sypher,' '£ajl4t. - John - TMurblei $wichell,
Upaon, Burt Van Morn, Ward, C;«lwalader C. Wusb-
burn, William IJ. Washburn,. John T. Wilson, and
Stephen P. Wi!son-8-ll.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson.,
Arueil, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Bamum, Black-
burn, Blaine,Blair. Boptwelt. Bowen, Brooks, Bnok-
laod, Roderick 8, Butlpr-Ortie, Reader W. CVarM,
Cornell, Covodo," CijUogi, Vmge, Driggs, Bla, Jerry,
Fox, Gove. Gris'wold, Hamilton. Harding,;£tawkins 
Kellospr, Kefcnim, Lynch, McCarthy. McCullou^h,
Morrissey, Mungen, Myers, QtNeiU. Pettis, Pierce,
Pike, Poland, Pomeroy, Prince, Randall, Robinson.
Roots. Starkweather, Thomas, lift, Lawrouee S.
Trimble, Van Wyck, Vidal, Elihu B. Washburne,
and Welkei—67.
So the amendment was disagreed to*
The next amendment upon which a separate
vote was demanded by Mr. Butler, of Massa-
chusetts, was in line fourteen hundred and
seventy-seven, to strike out "fifteen" and
insert "thirty so that the elaase will.-read:
Montana Territory: *
Por the general incidental expenses of tlie Indian
service in Montana Territory, presents of goods,
agricultural implements, and other useful articles,
and to assist them to locate in permanent abodes,
and to sustain themselves by the pursuits of civilized
life, to bo expended under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, $30,000.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This is an
amendment of the same kind as the one just
voted down. It was adopted in Committee
of the Whole on thestate of the Union against
the protest of the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
Mr. HOLBKOOK. If-the gentleman from
Massachusetts insists on discussing all the
amendments and telling the House what they
are, I claim as a right that the Delegates shali
be heard in defense of the amendments which
have been made to the bill in Committee of the
Whole. He claims the right invariably to dis-
cuss the amendments, and I think the House
ought to concede to the Delegates the right to
defend those amendments.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. How cao
he do it under the previous question? I rise
to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. He cannot.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No debate
is in order.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. How, then, does the
gentleman who has the management of this bill
have the opportunity to debate it?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman, without
objection, made the remark he did; so did the
Delegate from Idaho. The bill is under the
operation of the previous question, but if the
House allows remarks to be wade by unani-
mous consent the Chair is powerless.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
21, noes 54; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rules, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Scofield, and Mr.
Jones of Kentucky.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes seven, noes not counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The next amendment of the Cominitteeof
the Whole on the state of the Union, on which
a separate vote was asked, was read as follows :
Insert: . ,
To pay expenses incurred in taking a census ot the
North Carolina Cherokee Indians, $2,500.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. From my inform-
ation of the number of these Cherokees this
ii an immense appropriation.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I object to debate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, on which
a separate vote was asked, was read, as follows .
In$^r£:
Provided, That the provisions of this act shall not
prevent the sale of Army subsistence stores an now
authorized by law.
Mr. GARFIELD. As the provision to which
this was intended to apply has been stricken
out of the bill, I withdraw the amendment.
The amendment was disagreed to.
