1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL0M
contest to regain it, and I begin to believe that
the history and the destiny of man, even of the
white man, is to_make never-ending efforts after
self government, and never to be able to exer-
cise it for any considerable period of time
with wisdom and with firmness enough to main-
tain it.
With this view of the subject I should be
false to my reason, to my convictions of the
best interests of my country, and of all my
country, white and black, if I-could be induced
to share the government of this country with
the negro. I am so thoroughly convinced of
his utter inability to take part in this great
business of governing our country and that
his sharing it would only introduce confusion,
disorder, and great mischief, as well to himself
as to the white man—it is that which has in-
duced and will continue to induce me to vote
always and inflexibly against it.
Mr. President, I believe, and I lay down
this conclusion: in a country like ours, as
populous as it will be in a few years, having
such a variety of race, of natural productions"
of interests, such diversity of opinion, relig-
ious, moral, and political, the people are too
various in their interests, in their intelligence,
in their characteristics, ever to be ruled by one
central Government unless that central Gov-
ernment becomes a despotism. It maybe the
Government of a party; it will still be a des-
potism, and it must necessarily be so. It may
be the Government of a faction; it will still
be a despotism. It may be the Government
of one man; and then it would be the Govern-
ment of an absolute monarchy sustained by the
bayonet and military power as the other forms
of governmentwould also have to be sustained.
Sir, the wise men who framed our system of
Federal Government and State governments
understood their work. They were masters
in the art and science of government and self-
government. They knew what they were doing;
They aimed to establish for this people both
strength and liberty; strength by the establish-
ment of a Federal Government to defend them
against all foreign countries; strength by the
establishment of a Federal Government to re-
press internal depredations and wars among
the States; strength to maintain the just, lim-
ited, and wholesome powers delegated to the
Government of the United States by the Con-
stitution ; but they knew at the same time that
all the powers and all the rights of the States
which have not been delegated'by express lan-
guage in the Constitution to the General Gov-
ernment it was necessary to maintain in order
to perpetuate liberty. So, sir, the strength of
our country is in its General Government and
in the rights and powers and sovereignty dele-
gated by the Constitution to that General Gov-
ernment; the liberty, the happiness, the peace
of the people depend mainly upon the mainte-
nance of the State governments and that sov-
ereignty and those rights and powers which the
States possess and which do not belong to the
Federal Government or were not delegated by
the Constitution to that Government.
Mr. President, as I said when speaking on
the subject of this amendment when it was be-
fore the Senate on aformeroccasion, whenever
the General Government assumes to exercise
the power, and it is conceded to the General
Government, acting under the form of an
amendment to the Constitution or in any other
form, to go into all the States and determine
who shall vote in those States it implies the
power to determine who shall not vote. The
power of admission implies the existence of a
power of exclusion. The one right can be
exercised as legitimately as the other. The
faction that admits all to-day may be succeeded
by another faction next year or in the next
decade who would want to exclude a portion
by classes of those who had been admitted to
' the right of suffrage. So of the power to hold
office. The power to- decide who shall vote
and who shall not vote and the power to decide
who shall hold office and- vrfio sball not hold
office is the essential power in all Govern-
ing!
ments. I defy any Senator or gentleman to
controvert that position. The power ifr a State
that has the right to determine who shall vote
in the election of all officers—because now'in
all the States all officers are elected—and who
shall dot vote, and has at the same time the
power to decide who shall hold office and whb
shall not hold office, exercises allthe essential
powers of government.
Sir, this attempt at this time in the form of
amending the Constitution of the United States
is simply an exercise of the power to revolu-
tionize the Government. The existence of th§
State governments in our system of mixed
State and Federal governments is as essential
to the system as that of the Federal Governs
ment itself. I ask gentlemen who have -the
right to form a State government ? ' Who but
the people of the States ? What power on earth
can legitimately enter upon the work of form-
ing or remodeling in their essential characters
and principles the State governments except
the people of the States? That is the inherent,
reserved power of the people of the States. , It
is one that they never conceded by ingrafting
upon the Consitution the power to amend it.
If it had been specified in the Constitution
that the power of amendment could ever have
assumed a shape and wotild ever have been
attempted to be exercised as is now attempted
in the two Houses of Congress-it would at once
have -dissolved the convention and it never
would have formed a Government with any
such practical principle in it.
Sir, this is simply an act of revolution. The
veil of amendment that is sought to be thrown
over it is too thin. It is revolting, it is absurd,
and entirely usurping in its nature. This is a
simple proposition to establish in the General
Government a power supreme over the govern-
ments of the States, and that can at its pleas1
ure, in any' form that a majority of the two
Houses of Congress may choose, exercise the
power of amendment to revolutionize our sys-
tem of General and State governments, to abdl-
ish our State governments, to bring those State
governments to the feet of a tyrannical and
despotic faction in the two Houses of Congress.
That is now the position of things. This is no
amendment. No man who understands the
principles of our Constitution and our com-
plicated system of blended governments would
ever hazard his judgment and his knowledge
of the principles of that system of govern-
ment by asserting that this power existed under
the Constitution in virtue of the restricted and
qualified right and power that Congress has to
propose amendments to the Constitution. No,
sir; it is a bald, naked attempt to usurp power
and to bring all tjie sovereign and reserved
powers of the States to the feet of a tyran-
nical and despotic faction in Congress. That
is the whole of it. That is the undisguised
proposition ; and an intelligent and virtuous
Supreme Court, if the question could be brought
before them and they would entertain juris-
diction of it, would so decide.
Now, Mr. President, utterly denying the
power and right of Congress to revolutionize
our mixed system of government, convinced
as I am of the eminent impolicy of it and the
mischief, wrong, oppression, and ruin it would
bring npon the States by the overthrow of their
governments, and the general destruction in
which it would involve all the principles of the
Constitution, upon these considerations I have
taken ground against all these efforts of Con-
gress to propose amendments to the Constitu-
tion that are in revolution of the essential
nature and principles of our Government; and
I intend to occupy that position. These are
the reasons that have brought me up reluc-
tantly on every occasion when our Govern-
ment arid its great principles were assailed in
frank and open and earnest opposition to all
such attempts. If any party with whom I liave
been associated in politics were to propose the
same innovation, the same amendment, the.
same exercise of usurped power, the same
revolution of our system of government that
seems to me to be the persistent effort of the
party now in power,-I would stand aS inflex-
ibly. aad as immovably against the oM Whig
party, or the Democratic, party or any new
party, by whatever nam©it might be known,
that would move forward in the same line of
revolutionary destruction.
Mf. FESSENDEN. Mr. President 
- The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is' on concurring in the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President  
, - The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator froraindiana. '-■<
•*Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought I addressed
the Chair some time before- the Senator' from
Indi&na-did. -" . t
Mr: HENDRICKS. I thought the Senatot
from Maine bad the -floor, and then I thought
the Senator yieIded to the announcement of thb
question' or I would not have sought the floor:
The Senator from Maine certainly did have the
floor before I sought ft.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After I rose the Chair
proceeded to state the question, and I was wait-
ing for the Chair-to s.tate the question.
• Mr. HENDRICKS. , I thought the Senator
had yielded the floorto allow a vote. I certainly
did -not desire to'take the floor from him. •
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen"-
afcor^ from Indiana. The question is om con-
curring in the report of the committee of con-
ference; and as it requires two thirds to carry
the motion, it'ipust-be taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As the Senator from
Maine seems not to desire to go on, I have a
very few remarks to make on this question. '
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator give
way for a motion ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. What is the motion ?'
Mr. FESSENDEN. The motion is to rescind
the order for a recess. ' '
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir ; I do not care
to do ihat. : ...
Mr. President, I think that the debate to-
day has been mOre remarkable than at any
time during the consideration of this question.'
I have been-astonished at some of the appeals
that have been made to, the majority ; and I
desire to ask the attention of gentleilien of the
majority to those appeal^, that they will con-*
sider them now andsee Exactly how they will
appear when they go to the Country, because
assuredly the conduct Of the Senate upon this
grav&and important question will be very cart-
fully regarded by the country:'
The Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,]
whose name is connected now and for immor-
tality with this measure as the leader in its
management, has stated that it is important
that we should pass it without delay, and what
reason does he assign? The main reason was
furnished to him by the Senator from New-
Jersey that in a few days——■
Mr. FRELINGHUYSBN With the con-
sent of the Senator from Indiana I will correct
a misapprehension of fact and congratulate
the Senator and the country that on inquiry I
ascertain that the Republican party will have
a clear forking two-thirds majority in both
Houses in the next Congress. Therefore I
withdraw that argument.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator's with-
drawal of the argument does not change thd
bad principle upon which he appealed to the*
majority to carry the meas'ure through the
Senate. He furnished to .the Senator 'from
Nevada the argument that on the 4th of March
a new Congress would come in, and the judg-'
ment of the House of Representatives would
then be against this ifieasure. That House'
was elected last fatt,,and the judgment' of the
country has been expressed in that election to,
some extent—to a very "little extent in my
judgment upon this qhestion ; but it is sap-
posed to be in our theory of government the
last expression of the will of the people upon
the subject. The argument is that if this ques-'
tion_ be allfawed to go beyond the 4th of March
it will fall into a House of Representatives,
