880
THE COMPRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
- The bill was then ordered to be " engrossed
anrla-ead a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third- time. •
Mr. BUTLER, t>f Massachusetts. I yield
to the gentleman from Ohio."
' Mr.- GARFIELD. Imove that the bill be
recommitted to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, with instructions to jrepcirt-'it back with
the following amendment;
Sio:—. And be it further'enaied, Thit no money
appropriated by this act, and n& .unexpended appro-
priation hitherto mad? for expenditures in the In-
dian department, shall be pdMoutof the Treasury,
except oil the conditions set forth in this section, to
1
' Firrt. That from and after the 1st day of April, 1869,
the Secretary of War shall exercise the supervisory
and appellate powers, and possess the jurisdiction
rcow exereiaed'and possessed by the Secretary of the
Interior in relation to all the acts of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, and shall sign all requisitions
for the advance or payment of money out of tho
Treasury on estimates or aecoufats, subject to the
same adjustment or control now exercised on similar
estimates or accounts by theAuditors and Comptrol-
lers of the Treasury or either of them.
Second, That the Secretary of Warsball be author-
ized, whenever in his opinion it shall promote'the
economy and efficiency -tof tho Indian service, to
establish convenient departments and districts for
the proper administration of the duties now imposed
by law on the superintendents of Indian affairs and
■upon agonts and sub-agents, find to substitute for
such superintendents ana agents officers of the Army
of the United States, wh'o shall be designated for that
purpose, and who shall then become charged with all
the duties now imposed bylaw upon the superin-
tendents and agents thus superseded, and without
additional compensation therefor. Tho Secretary of
War shall also detail an officer not bolow the rank of
colonel to fill tho office and discharge the duties of
Commissioner of Indian Affairs. Officers of the Army
designated to perform tlio duties of commissioner,
superintendent, agent, or sub-agent, shall' not bo
required to givo tho bonds now required of eivil
appointees, but shall be responsible tor any neglect
or maladministration, according to the Rulos and
Articles of War.
Third. That all contracts for transportation con-
nected with the Iudian service shall hereafter bo
made in the same manner and at tho same time pro-
Tided for transportntion for tho nse of the Army.
Fourth. That the Secretary of Warshall bo author-
ized to withhold all special lioonses from traders, and,
under regulations to be by him prescribed, to pro-
vide the times and places at which nil tradors com-
plying: therewith may present themselves for bargain,
barter, and exchange with the several Indian tribes,
according to tho laws of the United States regulating
tho same.
Mr. HOLBHOOK. I object.
Mr. WINDOM. Can the House order this
bill to 1)0 referred to the committee for the pur-
pose of adding an amendment which is not
germane V
Tho SPEAKER. The Digest, page 52, will
answer the point.
'the Clerk read as follows :
"Itisnot eompotont for tho IIouso to instruct a
committee to amend a bill in a manner that the IIouso
itBolf cannot amend it. Indeed, itis tho well-settled
practice that the llouso cannot instruct a committoo
to do what tho House itself cannot do."
The SPEAKER. The amendment is there-
fore ruled out.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I desire to say, in tho first place, that
I yielded to the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio because it seemed to be the desire of the
House to pass such a proposition as the motion
contemplated, to wit, a transfer of the manage-
ment of Indian affairs from the InteriorDcpart-
ment, to tho War Department.
Mr. HOLBROOK. Is this subject debat-
able?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is entitled to the floor for an hour.
Mr. HOLBROOK. Then I insist that his
remaiks shall be confined to the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, as the bill has passed the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and is
now before the House, it provides for certain
appropriations to carry outexistingtreaties with
various Indian tribes and keep up the present
machinery of the Indian Bureau. I wish the
House to understand the bill, that although car-
rying out existing law it will not by any means
cover our Indian expenses by some three million
dollars, provided the system inaugurated by the
peace commission, andhowin process of execu-
tion, shall be continued. Congress sent a peace
commission to the plains to make certain
treaties with the Indians, and they have made
those treaties. Those treaties provide that all
of the Indians within their purview shall have
permanent reservations, lodges, and houses
erected for them and their agents, school-
houses, and agricultural and other implements,
and that in the mean time they shall be fed by
the Government. For the purpose of begin-
ning the system last year General Sherman
was intrusted with $500,000, which was ex-
pended by him and his subordinates, and, for
aught I know, well enough expended. If the
system is to be continued, then we shall have
to provide for feeding every Indian upon the
plains. If that is to be done it cannot be
accomplished under the present system for less
than $5,000,000.
Mr. HOLBROOK. The gentleman is not
discussing tjie bill at all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts is confining his remarks to the Indian
questions covered by the appropriations pro-
vided in this bill.
Mr. ROSS. He is discussing the general
Indian question.
The SPEAKER. ITe has the right under
the general Indian appropriation bill to discuss
the general Indian question. The question is
whether the House will or will not pass this
bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts.. I am
putting before the House information for the
intelligent action of members who are called
to vote on this bill. To carry out the system
to which I have referred will cost the Govern-
ment five or six million dollars at least. Gen-
eral Harney had given him some two hundred
thousand dollars to settle the Sioux Indians
alone. He expended the §200,000, and ran the
Government in debt $185,000 more. I do not
mean that General Harney has expended this
wrongfully, so far as the items go, but he has
been compelled to make these expenditures in
order to carry out the project of tho peace
commission. So I wish the House to under-
stand that if we continue under the present
plan, whether under the War Department or
the Department of the Interior, even if judi-
ciously administered, it will cost us from five
to six millions a year. It is a matter for. our
grave consideration.
On the other hand, Mr. Speaker, it is said
that if we do not feed the Indians, after having
driven off their buffalo and other game, we
must light them, and that it is much cheaper
to feed them than to fight them. That is un-
doubtedly true. The question is which should
be adopted? While this bill appropriates for
carrying out existing treaties with Indians, I
wish to impress upon the House that there are
other treaties which have yet to be provided
for. It has been our effort to keep the bill
down to the very lowest possible estimate, but
I wish the House to understand that when
they have voted for this bill they have voted
only a small portion of what is necessary to
carry on the Indian service. It is that the
House may understand that the care of the
Indians is becoming a great expense to tho
Government.
Heretofore we bought the lands of the In-
dians and paid for them in installments year
by year, and allowed the installments to be
eaten up in their support. The question now
arises, how shall we deal with the whole In-
dian question ? It is upon us, and I wish to
assure gentlemen that we cannot get along
with tho Indians in the manner now required
by law. I hope the Indian Committee—and
I know no men more fit—will bring in some
measure by which the Indian question may be
dealt with.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to say, in answer
to the suggestion of tho gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, that a special commission was ap-
pointed two or three years ago for that very
purpose. They prepared an Indian system
which would have performed this work. It was
I brought into this House, and this House, with-
out discussion, under the operation of the pre-
vious question, laid it upon the table, where
it has slept ever since. Instead, a bill was
passed for the retransfer of the Indian Bureau
to- the War Department, from which it had
been taken on account of the rascality com-
mitted there. The gentleman asks the Indian
Committee to bring in some measure that will
cure the present evils in the management of
Indian affairs. I tell him that/ the committee
did so, and that its recommendations were
received with no favor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am only
stating, as well as I can, the difficulties under
which we labor, so that hereafter, when we
Come here and ask for additional appropria-
tions, we shall not be asked why this is, why
we did not put the appropriations in this bill.
The Committee on Appropriations are confined
to the existing laws, but most of the money
spent for taking care of the Indians must be
appropriated outside of existing laws. Having
made this explanation I do not desire to trouble
the House further.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I think
the House ought to consider gravely before
the pending vote is taken whether it will pass
this bill at all. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] says, and with much
reason, that these appropriations are indis-
pensable. I admit that there are treaty and
other obligations involved in the provisions
of this bill, and that it would be an unusual
course, perhaps wrong, for the House to refuse
to pass it. But I desire to call the attention
of the House for a very few moments to tho
manner in which we are compelled to act in
regard to Indian affairs. Two years ago the
House of Representatives by a decided vote
declared its desire that there should be a trans-
fer of this bureau to the War Department. That
desire was thwarted at the other end of this
Capitol, not by a vote, but by silence. Early
this session a bill was passed by this House
by a vote of 116 to 33, providing for the trans-
fer of the Indian Bureau to the War Depart-
ment.
Mr. HIGBY. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. HIGBY. My point of order is that the
question of the transfer of the Indian Bureau
to the War Department is not now before the
House, and there can properly be no.oppor-
tunity for its discussion.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am also debating the
Indian appropriation bill, and opposing its
passage.
The SPEAKER. Within the range of de-
bate that is proper. The Chair will state, how-
ever, that it is not in order, upon the question
of the passage of this bill, to discuss a propo-
sition which has been ruled out of order.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will speak on the pas-
sage of this bill, and in accordance with the
ruling of the Chair. Under the rules of this
House we are not able to place the question ot'
whtit shall be done with the Indian Bureau in
such a shape as to compel the consideration
of the expenditure of the public money in con-
nection with the subject. We are, therefore,
brought back to the question whether we shall
expend $2,500,000 of public treasure as pro-
vided in this bill. And we must open our eyes
to the channels through which the money is to
pass, the organization by which it is to be dis-
bursed. Of the officers at the head of the In-
dian Bureau in Washington I have nothing to
say ; for aught I know, they are worthy men ;
I speak of the organization and its practical
workings.
As an illustration of the manner in which
public money is used by the Bureau of Indian
Affairs, I -will quote a passage from a letter
which I have recently received from a distin-
guished officer of the Army, well known to me
and to the members of this House, who lias
seen many years service in the western Terri-
tories. fie says:
"I speak what I know when I say that r,f every
dollar appropriated byCongresstortheJSiouxUunng
the last ten years, eighty cents have been btolen—
only twenty cents reaching the Indians." '■ '
* * 'In 1859, when the'affiliatcd tribes were
