1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ment upon a disputed question; but here a
subject is reported upon by a committee of
conference, as by authority, and then the ar-
gument is made use of at once that thai must
be adopted, else all measures in relation to the
subject will fail. While that is bearable and
only tolerable in regard to measures of ordi-
nary legislation I think it is intolerable when
it is applied to an amendment of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. Propositions to
amend it ought never to be the subject of bar-
gain ; they ought not to be the subject of party
interests. Considerations of party interests
ought not to enter into the judgment of the
two bodies upon them.
1 am not, Mr. President, going to discuss
the merits of the measure. They have been
sufficiently discussed. I intended simply when
I arose to refer to the result of the action of
the two bodies in the appointment of a com-
mittee of conference and the probable result
being the passage of a measure in which two
thirds of each branch do not, as shown by the
debate, concur, but that the passage is secured
by the machinery of a committee of confer-
ence.
Much of the argument that has been addressed
to the majority here is like the argument that
we have heard during the progress of this meas-
ure through the bodies, that the Legislatures
of some of the States are now in session and
are likely soon to adjourn. That argument
means simply this: that we have got thechance
now, and having the Legislatures of a particu-
lar political complexion we must put the meas-
ure through; it will not do to leave it open as
a question for any future Legislature; and, as
is suggested to me, that rests upon the idea
that it is easier to do mischief than to undo it.
Upon the contests of last year the party of
the majority in this body obtained a majority
in many of the Legislatures. I think the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts said in twenty-five
Legislatures. I am not sufficiently posted in
questions of that sort to say, but I accept his
statement as to twenty-five Legislatures.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator from
Indiana give way until I move to rescind the
order for a recess ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Poue-
roy in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Indiana yield?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Not now, sir.
Mr. STEWART. If he will not yield for
that purpose, I desire to give notice that at
half past seven o'clock this evening I shall
call up this report.
Mr. YAN WINKLE. This evening has
been set apart for pension bills. The Senator
had better say eight o'clock. I think I shall
get through in an hour.
Mr. STEWART. Will not half an hour do?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I cannot get through
in half an hour.
Mr. STEWART. I will say half past seven.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, the
whole of this argument rests upon this : that
-by a statement in the platform of last year the
right to control suffrage in the States of the
North properly belonged to the people of those
States. Upon that platform a political major-
ity was obtained in twenty-five States. Those
twenty-five States, as I understand from the
Senator from Massachusetts, stand now ready
to ratify this constitutional amendment; and
what proposition is that ? That the people are
against it but the Legislatures and Congress
are for it. We will not let it go to the people
either through conventions or Legislatures
hereafter to be elected, but it must be hastily
dispatched here, sent down to the States that
Legislatures chosen upon an opposite plat-
form may fasten it upon the people. Then, as
suggested to mo by the Senator from Kentucky,
it becomes a difficult matter for the people, a
majority of whom to-day are against this meas-
ure, to undo that which is thus accomplished.
I think. Mr. President, this is an entire
abandonment of the doctrine of this country
that the Government Shall be fashioned accord-
40th CJOiNU. :!d Sew'.—No. 103.
ing to the will and pleasure of the. people.
That was the original theory and doctrine, that
the powers of government should be conferred
upon the States and upon the General Govern-
ment, and distributed among the several depart-
ments, according to the will of the people as
expressed through their constitutions, and that
constitutions have force and power and dignity
because they express the great will of the people;
but now the doctrine is that we have a right to
take the people at a disadvantage; that because
you professed to them last year that it was their
right in their States to regulate this question,
and thereby obtained from them a majority of
the Legislatures, it is your right hastily to pass
this business through the Congress and send
it down to the States and fasten it upon the
people before their voice can be heard upon it.
That is the precise attitude of the question in
the Senate at this hour, and that is the pre-
cise argument upon which it is claimed that
this report of the committee must be carried
through; not that it is right; not that the Pre-
siding Officer of this body believes it is as it
should be; not that my colleague believes it is as
it should be; not even that the chairman of the
committee of conference believes that it is as
it should be ; but it is in such a shape as you
can pass it; you can take half a loaf from the
people ; you can force it through the State
Legislatures and accomplish a political result
not having the judgment and approval of two
thirds here, and not having the approval of the
people of the country. That is the argument
that is addressed to the majority. It has been
some time since I was in a majority, but I never
did have an argument addressed to me of that
sort when I was a part of the majority. If I
should ever be with the majority 1 shall never
expect that argument to be received by myself.
When I am told that my party must exercise its
power now or the people will defeat their desire
I shall not respond to that appeal. I shall say
that if it is the pleasure of the people to have
a form of government somewhat different from
my judgment it is their matter ; it is my matter
so far as I constitute a part of the body of the
people ; beyond that I have no power over it.
In this body I represent the people of the
State of Indiana and the State as a member of
this Confederacy. I have no will of my own
to express on this subject, no ambitious schemes
to favor, no ends to accomplish, except upon
this and all other grave questions by my vote
and by my voice to express the sentiment of
the people of the State I represent. I expect
to do that. I expect to do it whenever I
occupy toward the people a representative
position. I have no other duty to perform than
to reflect their sentiments, and when I cannot
conscientiously carry out the wish of the peo-
ple, then upon so grave a question as the
change of the form of the Government I would
resign such representative position.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Indiana yield to the Senator from
Missouri ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. DRAKE. I should like to inquire of
the honorable Senator from Indiana whether
it might not be within possibility that he would
admit that the result of the last election in In-
diana indicated that he is not representing the
sentiments of the people of Indiana at this time
in the course that he takes on this amendment?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, the elec-
tion in the State of Indiana last fall was toler-
ably well understood by me, I believe ; at least
its result was understood. [Laughter.] Now,
I will answer the Senator from Missouri. His
party said to the people of Indiana that when
Mr. Hendricks or any other Democrat in the
State told them that it was the purpose of their
party to carry out negro equality it was a slan-
der ; that that was not their doctrine; and Mr.
President you told them that in a document of
the greatest dignity that your party could pro-
duce—the national platform. In that you said
to the people of Indiana, " The right properly
belongs to you to say who shall vote and hold
office in that State." • Upon, thatpiatform jqu
went before the people of Indiana andsatisfied
a great many of them that they ought not to
credit the suspicions expressed by Democrats
of your integrity in that declaration.. I did not
believe very much in it. I believed that I un-
derstood what was the ultimate purpose ; but
the plain and unsophisticated people of the
country, that Tiad perhaps not geea quiteso
much of political movements and machinery,
did believe you, and they thought th^t in fact
you intended to leave to the people of the
States the regulation oi suffrage and the right
of holding office. You said to the people one
thing, and then after you got the majority of
Congress and the Legislatures you propose to
do auotherthing. Thatwouldbe defined not as
the highest act of honesty in ordinary commer-
cial transactions.
Mr. President, in further response to the
Senator from Missouri I will say that, in my
judgment, if he submits this question to the
people of Indiana, the plain question to take
from that State the control of suffrage and the
control of the right to hold office, he will lose
it by a very large vote, a much larger vote than
has ever been given to any political party in
that State.
Mr. DRAKE. Then I would suggest that
the Senator will have great occasion to be
thankful for a result of that kind. It will prob-
ably return to us the eloquent and graceful
Senator from Indiana at some future day.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If I should allow polit-
ical considerations to influence my judgment I
might desire that you should force this thing.
But, Mr. President, I desire that in changing
the Constitution of the United States the Sen-
ate should stand by the sentiments of the Gov-
ernment itself, and that the popular will shall
still control in regard to the great question of
the form of government.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour
for taking a recess having arrived, the Senate
will take a recess until seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clockp. m.
ZELigA T. DDHLAP.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I ask leave to report,
from the Committee on Pensions, a bill (S. No.
977) granting a pension to Mrs. Zelica T. Dun-
lap, which was accidentally overlooked when
the other bills were reported. I should like to
have it read and put it on its passage at once.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 977)
granting a pension to Zelica T. Dunlap was
read three times, and passed. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws, the name of Mrs.
Zelica T. Dunlap, widow of James E. Dunlap,
late a lieutenant colonel of the twepty-ninth
regiment of Illinois volunteers, and allow anil
pay her a pension at the rate of thirty dollars
per month, to commence from the 12th ofMay,
1883, and to continue during her widowhood.
GEORGE A. SCHREINER.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 964.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill {S.
No. 964) increasing the pension of George A.
Schreiner was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. The
bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of George A. Schreiner, of the county
of Wyandott, State of Kansas, and to pay him
a pension as a second lieutenant in lieu of the
pension he is now and has been receiving,
commencing on the 1st of January, 1864, and
to continue during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed. _ . , . „r ,.
' ELIZABETH MATHYS.
Mr. f AN WINKtE.' T move thlt the Sen-
