18$).
THE CON&RE8SI0NAL GLOBE.
881
brought from Texas, a large sum was paid for mov-
ing ttiem, although they moved without aid. They
were settled on the Washita and fed by the Govern-
ment until the rebellion broke out. They n*;ver
exceeded twonty-five hundred in number; yet they
were mustered on paper as from six to eight thou-
sand. The contract was let to feed them one pound
of beef and one pound of flour per soul daily. Texas
cattle not averaging over four hundred .pounds net
were issued to them at eight hundred pounds; and
although the contract called for good, merchantable
flour, yet, during the year and a half I was there,
the Indians never saw an ounce of flour. The agents
gave them shorts and middlings, while the Govern-
ment paid for flour."
There is much more in this letter of the
same sort.
Mr. ROSS. How many years has that officer
been stealing from, the Indians ?
Mr. GARFIELD. That officer is not in any
way connected, with the disbursement of money
for Indian purposes. He speaks as an ob-
server of the workings of the present system.
Now, after a considerable study of this sub-
ject, I am compelled to say that no branch of
the national Government is so spotted with
fraud, so tainted with corruption, so utterly
unworthy of a free and enlightened Govern-
ment, as this Indian department. There are in
the Blue Book of 1867 over four hundred names
of persons—and I am informed that the num-
ber has been increased during the past year,
so that it is now, perhaps, six hundred—civil
officers, employ&s in the Indian department,
whose aggregate annual salaries amount nearly
to half a million dollars. And I will not say
in all, but in nearly all the branches of that
department, fraud •' creams and mantles," and
is a stench in the nostrils of all good men.
Yet we are now compelled to refuse to meet
our treaty stipulations and to carry out the
obligations of the Government or we must let
$2,500,000 go pouring down through the filthy
channels that are choking with the accumu-
lated crimes and corruptions of half a century.
I repeat that 1 make no personal charges
against the officers at the head of the Indian
Bureau. The primary fault is in the system
itself. The very nature of the service is such
that it removes responsibility and the usual
restraints of civilization which hold bad men
in check, and it allows the basest passions and
worst qualities of human nature to effloresce
and to exhibit their foulest characteristics. I
do no_t indorse the doctrine of total depravity,
nor will I assert that man is always corrupt
whenever he has a fair opportunity to escape
detection, but it is true that opportunity is the
door through which corruption always enters—
and this Indian department is full of doors,
and they are all ajar. As carrion attracts crows,
so this department attracts to itself all forms of
official baseness. Its agents, charged with im-
portant discretionary duties and with the dis-
bursement of vast sums of public money, transact
their business hundreds of miles away, beyond
the pale_ of civilization, beyond the jurisdiction
of the civil courts and the restraining influence
of military discipline, and find but little diffi-
culty in making the ignorant Indian the victim
of their rapacity. It is a part of history that
these agents for purposes of gain foment In-
dian wars, to end which our Army must bleed
and our people be taxed. The cost of our
Indian war for last year alone would feed every
Indian in the United Stp.tes five years. And
yet we are not permitted by the supporters of
this Indian Bureau to link to this expenditure
of money that measure of reform which for
more than two years has been urged by an
overwhelming majority of the members of this
House.
This brings us back, Mr. Speaker, to the
question with which I began my remarks.
Under the circumstances, shall we pay the
money at all? I speak only for myself, but I
am resolved that I will not now nor ever again
vote for appropriations of money to be ex-
pended through the Indian department as at
present organized. On my responsibility as a
member of this House I shall now and hence-
forward vote in the negative on the final pas-
sage of every Indian bill.for the appropriation
of money until the channels of that expendi-
40th oo\re, 3d stisp.—nn.
turebe cleansed and the whole service purified.
As a protest against the present system and
its treatment by Congress I exhort members
of the House of Representatives now to de-
clare, in the only manner left open to us under
the rules of the House, that not one dollar
more shall be expended in the Indian service
until the bureau is purified and reformed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
ten minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota,
[Mr. Wisdom.]
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. Speaker, I have no
doubt that the House is weary of the discussion
of this old question; and I would not have
introduced it myself, nor would I have felt
at liberty to occupy even ten minutes in answer-
ing-the gentleman frorn Ohio, [Mr. Garfijbld,]
but for the fact that I interposed the point of
order which prevented the action of the House
upon the amendment offered by that gentle-
man. I raised that point for the reason that
the question involved in that amendment has
been two or three times tested. The House has
passed the measure ; the Senate has refused to
pass it. I raised the point., and thus prevented
action upon the question at this time, because
I know from conversation on this subject with
members of the Senate that if the House had
attached the amendment to this bill, and thus
endeavored to compel the Senate to accept
it or defeat an appropriation bill, the good sense
of the Senate would have defeated the appro-
priation bill, and it would not have passed at
this session.
The gentleman tells us that the Indian ser-
vice attracts to itself all that is corrupt and
villainous in the country. I will not defend
the present Indian system, but I ask the gen-
tleman whether the corruption of this service
is the reason that so many military officers
have been for the last two years constantly
clamoring for the control of Indian affairs?
Is it because of the corrupt tendencies of this
service that the gentleman is so anxious to
turn itover to his friends, the military officers?
Is it because the Indian service '' attracts every-
thing corrupt in this Government" that when
the gentleman recently introduced this meas-
ure of his he made an exception to the general
rule that men who handle public money shall
be required to give bonds as a security for their
fidelity? He declined the other day to amend
his transfer bill so that the men who handle
Indian funds should give bonds for their honest
and faithful application. It was insisted by
myself and other gentlemen that if the trans-
fer was to be made those who should handle
the funds of the Government in that danger-
ously corrupting service should at least give
the same security for honesty as is given by
other men who handle public money. It was
argued that the Indian service was more liable
to corruption than any other department of the
Government, yet the gentleman proposed to
turn this service over to military officers, and
his bill provided expressly that in this corrupt-
ing service they shall give no bonds whatever
to the Government. I apprehend, sir, that the
provisions of that bill relieving military offi-
cers from the necessity of giving bonds was sug-
gested (unwittingly, of course, go far as the
gentleman from Ohio is concerned) by some
of those military officers who have felt some-
thing of the corrupting influence of this Indian
system.
And lot me say that if the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs would give some
attention to the corruptions of the War De-
partment he would serve this House quite as
well as by giving his attention to Indian affairs.
If he would look at the stealing of military
men in the way of commutation of quarters
and fuel, and all that sort of thing, he would
find that more money is stoleu every year in
the military service—actually stolen—than is
appropriated for the entire Indian service of
the country.
I am not here, sir, to defend the Indian
service. I shall reiterate that statement every
time I shall stand upon this floor. I have
'endeavored on various occasions to prevent
this corruption. I have brought measures into
this House that would have prevented it. I
believe that a vast amount of rascality is com-
mitted by Indian agents and traders. I want
to stop that rascality wherever committed and
by whomsoever committed. When we brought
measures into the House that would have put
a stop to this corruption the gentleman from
Ohio met us, as he always has done, with a
proposition for the transfer of the Indian Bu-
reau to the War D-epartment as a cure for all
these evils.
Let me refer to another point. Some two
or three days ago I offered the Indian inspec-
tion bill to which I have referred, and which pro-
vided proper guards against dishonesty on the
part of the Indian Bureau—a bill which would
have been consistent with the transfer of the
management of Indian affairs from the Interior
to the War Department, and never as much,
indeed, as now. The gentleman from Ohio, in-
stead of adding his bill to mine, proposed lo
strike out everything that would provide guards
against frauds and dishonest transactions, and
simply to insert his ovfn bill for this transfer,
leaving it entirely unguarded. The first prop-
osition made in this House, when I offered my
amendment to the bill, was to strike out all
after the enacting words of the section and in-
sert his military bill. Now, Mr. Chairman, it
seems to me, if it be the desire simply to correct
these evils instead of carrying on the old con-
troversy about the War Department the gen-
tleman should have accepted all the guards we
could have provided, and simply added his bill
to mine. Instead of declaring that he proposed
that we should have military officers who should
give no bonds, and that no guards should be
provided for the prevention of frauds, hepro-
| posed that military officers should be turned
loose in the Indian country, taking all the
money they can get and giving no bonds for
its proper application. The gentleman seems
to think that all our presentevils willbe cured
merely by this transfer. I am tired of hearing
of it, and I wish the House would vote it down,
once and for all, and adopt some practical
scheme to prevent these frauds; but I have no
hope of that being done this session.
The gentleman speaks of a vast number of
officers connected with the Indian system. I
do not know how that may be, as 1 have not
examined this point; but if there be this vast
number of officers, I apprehend there is no
better way of carrying it on under the law as
it now stands. Turning over the Indian depart-
ment to officers who are under no bonds, and
without any guards to prevent dishonesty and
frauds, would, in my judgment, only add to
our present evils ; and for that reason I inter-
posed the point of order which I did. For that
reason I have consistently fought the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio. It is for the
reason that I desire some safeguard against
fraud, and not because I wish to defend the
Indian system as it now exists. If the gentle-
man from Ohio would look after the affairs of
his own committee, he can, it'he chooses, find
ample opportunities for correction of existing
evils in the War Department. He proposes to
take Indian affairs from the present Depart-
ment and to give them to officers who are under
no bonds and around whom no safeguards
are thrown. I appeal, therefore, to the House,
as the gentleman has done, to consider this
question ; to give up this unnecessary contest
between the House and the Senate, and en-
deavor to devise some fair, some practical
means by which we can get rid of all the evils
complained of.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield ten minutes to the gentleman from
Kansas.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I agree in the
main with what has been said by the gentle-
man from Ohio, while I almost entirely dis-
agree with the remarks made by the gentle-
man from Minnesota, chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs. I think the time
has come, here and now. for this House to
