THE OON'G-RESStOML " GLOBE.
February
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 965.
Tlie motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 965) for the relief of Elizabeth Mathys
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. The Secretary of
the IiKerior is directed by the bill to allow and
pay to Elizabeth Mathys, widow of Joh'am
'Mathys,'late a private in company P, ninety-
eighth regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, her
pension from the 2'2d of March, 1863, the date
of her husband's death, until the 6th of June,
1868, on which date her present pension com-
menced.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
•to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ANNIE E. FREI.
Mr. VAN WINKLE._ I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 966.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 966) granting a pension to Annie E. Frei
was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. Itdirects the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Annie E.
Frei, widow of John Henry Frei, late a private
in company K, fifty-eighth regiment New York
volunteers, and to pay her a pension at the rate
of eight dollars per month, to commence on
the 5th of July, 1865, and to continue during
her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
LEMUEL BARTIIALOW.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1928.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1928) grai.tiug a pension to Lemuel
Barthalow was considered as in Committee of
the \\ nole. The Secretary of the Interior is
directed by the bill to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Lemuel Bar-
thalow, late a private in company G, of the
one hundred and twenty-sixth regiment of
Ohio volunteers, and pay him a pension, com-
mencing January 8, 18ti3.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
MADGE K AND ROBERT B. COTIIRTK.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1930.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1930) granting a pension to Madge K.
Guthrie and UobertB. Guthrie was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws, the names of Madge
R. Guthrie and Robert B. Guthrie, children
of Presley N. Guthrie, late a captain in the
Uniied States Army, and p;iy them a pension
ot' twonty dollars per mouth, commencing May
2, 1867.
j. he Committee on Pensions reported an
amendment to the bill, which was to insert
after the word '■ them," in the eighth line, the
words " or their authorized guardian or guard-
ians," and at the end of the bill to insert;
And continuing until November 11,1S68, and after-
■w<ird to the said Itobert or his guaidian or guard-
ians until October *!3,1871, when ho will attain the
a&e of sixteen years.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
MARY A. DAVIS.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that, the Sen-
ate proceed to tbe consideration of House bill
No. 596.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 596) granting a pension to Mary A.
Davis, widow of William P. Davis, a private
in the eighteenth regiment of Indiana volun-
teers in the war of 1861, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place on the pen-
sion-roll the name of Mary A. Davis, widow
of William P. Davis, deceased, a private in
the eighteenth regiment of the Indiana volun-
teers of the war of 1861, and that she be paid
a pension allowed a private during her widow-
hood, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, to commence on the 1st
day of , 186-; and in case of her death or
marriage then the pension to be paid to the
minor children of William P. Davis, deceased,
under sixteen years of age, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the general pension
laws.
The Committee on Pensions reported an
amendment to the bill, to strike out in line ten
the word "first" and insert " ninth; " and to
fill the first blank with "September, " and the
second blank with the word "one," so as to
read: " commence on the9th day of Septem-
ber. 1861."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time .
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
SUSAN CAKSOX.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1321.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1321) granting a pension to Mrs. Susan
Carson was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary
of the Interior to place thename of Mrs. Susan
Carson, of Cottonwood Grove, Bond county,
Illinois, widow of Robert G. Carson, deceased,
on the pension-roll, and to pay her a pension
at the rate of eight dollars per month during
her widowhood, commencingon the2J of Feb-
ruary, 1863, the date of her husband's death.
The bill further provides that she shall be en-
titled to the benefit of the second .section of the
act approved July 25, 1866, in regard to the
minor children of deceased soldiers, to wit, for
the folio wing-named children: Frances A.,born
September 1,1851; John A., born May 22,1856:
Kansas A., born July 25, 1858 ; Louisa C., born
December 6, 1859; and Sarah J., born Novem-
ber 4, 1831.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
WILLIAM 31. SIMPSON.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1434.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1434) granting a pension to William M.
Simpson was consideied as in Committee of
the W hole. The Secretary of the Interior is
directed by the bill to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of William M.
Simpson, late a pru-ate m company E, seventy-
first regiment of Illinois volunteer infantry, and
pay him a nension, commencing October 28,
1862.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
NAOMI ADAMS.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 1536.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
11. No. 1580) grantinga pension to Mrs. Naomi
Adams was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.- It directs the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to cause the name of Mrs. Naomi Adams,
mother of G. W. Adams, late a private in com-
pany Q-, thirty-ninth Missouri infantry volun-
teers, to be placed on the pension-roll, at the
rate of eight dollars per month, to commence
September 27, 1864, and to continue during
her widowhood. ......
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read, the third time, an<l
MARY -R. BROWN.
-. Mr. VAN WINKLE. _ I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1600.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1600) granting a pension to Mary R,
Brown was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Mary R. Brown,
step-mother of Benjamin R. Brown, late a
member of company F, sixth regiment of Uni-
ted States infantry, and to pay her a pension
at the rate ot eight dollars per month, com-
mencing July 16, 1867.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
JOSEPH M. HUDSON.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Serr-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1652.
The motion was agreed to ; ar.d the bill (H.
R. No. 1632) granting a pension to Joseph M;
Hudson was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Joseph M. Hudson, late
a private in company E, ninety-first regiment
Ohio infantry volunteers, on the pension-roll,
subjeci to the provisions of the pension laws,
to commence from the 22d of December, 1863.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
CIIAELES MAINS.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 1903.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1903) granting a
pension to Charles Mains, of Tennessee ; which
directs the Secretary of the Interior to inscribe
on the pension-rolls the name of Charles
Mains, of Johnson county, Tennessee, and that
he be paid at the rate of eight dollars per
month, commencing on the 1st of November,
1868.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
CHARLOTTE WEBSTER.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1917.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1917) granting a pension to Charlotte
Webster, widow of Timothy Webster, deceased,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Charlotte Webster, widow of
Timothy Webster, deceased, who was in the
secret service of the United States, arrested by
the rebels, and executed at Richmond on the
13th of April, 1862, and that she be paid out
of the pension fund during her widowhood the
sum of eight dollars per month, to commence
on the 13th of April, 1862.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM II. JOHNSON.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1918.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1918) to increase the pension of Wil-
liam H. Johnson was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to increase
the pension heretofore granted to William H.
