882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
assert its prerogative and power in reference
to this Indian question.
. There are some other points of objection
■which occur to my mind why. this bill should
not pass in its present form unless the amend-
ment proposed by. the gentleman from Ohio
tlie other day, transferring the Indian Bureau
from the Interior to the War Department, is
attached to it. And, sir, the great evil, the
great source of all the difficulties which pre-
sent themselves to our consideration in con-
nection with this Indian business is, first of
alt, the abuse of the treaty-making power.
How is it, Mr. Speaker, that we are to be
called upon,, as the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts stated in his remarks, to make appro-
priations of three or four million dollars in
addition to the amount of appropriation con-
tained in this bill ? Why, sir, it was only yes-
terday that the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs proposed an amendment to this
bill'appropriating——
Mr. W1ND0M. If that question is to be
discussed again I desire to have an opportunity
to answer the gentlemftn. If I can be allowed
to reply I have no sort of objection.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I am giving my
reasons why t.he bill should not pass.
Mr. W1NDOM. I object to referring to any-
thing done yesterday in regard to what was not
in the bill, unless I can answer.
_ Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I was going to
give the reasons why the bill should not pass,
and I was saying that to my mind the abuse of
the treaty-making power at the other end of
the Capitol is one of the reasons why this
system 
I lie SPE AIvKR. That remark is clearly out
of order. I he Manual and Digest both speak
in reprobation of any remarks reflecting upon
the other branch of Congress. The Clerk will
read from page 77 of the Manual.
The Clerk read as follows:
It is a brunch of order in debate tonotico what hag
been said on tho sumo subject in tho other Ilouso.or
thoptirlicularvotesormujoritieson it there; because
tho opinion of oach House should be lot t to its own
indopcnaency, not 10 bo influenced by tho pi-oeecrt-
inirs of tlio other; and tho quoting thorn might beget
reflections leading to n uiisunderataudinn between
tho two Houses. —3 Grey, 22.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I withdraw tho
remark. I will say, then, that it is because of
the existence of certain powers, or because of
the abuse of certain powers, elswbere than in
this Hall tliat the House ot Representatives of
the United States ought, in my judgment., to
say that it will not tnako an additional dollar
ol appropriation until these great abuses to
which I refer, and which exist elsewhere than
here, are corrected.
Now, sir, under this corrupt system, which
exists elsewhere than hero, we are called to
mala> vast appropriations. We are told that
the good faith oi this nation is pledged to make
these appropriations. There is no good faith
at all pledged by anybody under this corrupt
treaty system with the Indiana. And why do I
make this remark? Sir, if there is one thing
more coiiupt than another in this Govern-
ment, one thing more than another where bad.
faith has involved everybody connected with
this system, it is when tho agents of the Inte-
rior Department, appointed as commissioners
to go oat on the frontier and assemble to-
gether the representatives, so-called, of these
Indian tribes, make a corrupt bargain with
them, bring it here to Washington, and in
some way or another, somewhere else than
here, as 1 said before, attempt to give it the
form of a solemn treaty.
Gentlemen on this floor stand up and say that
the good faith of this Government Is pledged,
and we are called upon to appropriate millions
otdollars to carry out the so-called good faith
o ns Government. Sir, I protest against the
continuation of this corrupt system by which
the . ndiiins and the Government are plundered
and robbed to this vast extent. If this House,
-lust- Prerogative, should refuse
to pass this bill I should not be troubled with
the apprehensions expressed by the gentleman
from Minnesota, [Mr. Windom,] thatthe'Senate
would refuse to take any Action, and we should
thus pass on into the coming fiscal year with-
out any appropriation for these Indians. But,
sir, if the House will refuse to pass the bill; if
we will say here, as was intimated by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] that we
will not appropriate a single dollar more to go
into these corrupt channels to be stolen from
the Government, to be plundered from the In-
dians ; if we will refuse to continue this wicked
system, which exists not only here in this capi-
tal, but on the western frontier, by refusing to
pass this bill, I have no fear but what the pub-
lic sentiment of the country, which so far as
the States on the western frontier are con-
cerned is almost unanimous, will demand of
others than us, if they refuse to do this duty,
that 
Mr. HIGBY. I would ask the getleman
whether the proposition is to make no appro-
priations at all for the Indian service?
Mr. CLAIiKB, of Kansas. The proposition
is to refuse tojiass this bill.
Mr. HIGB1. The object is to transfer the
Indian Bureau to the War Department, or else
make no appropriations for the Indian service.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. The object is to
refuse to pass the bill. In accordance with
past experience the money which is appro-
priated by this bill will be stolen by the Indian
department, stolen by our dishonest Indian
agents, stolen by our dishonest Indian super-
intendents, and will never reach the proper
channel it is intended to reach.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question. Suppose he fails to dragoon
the Senate into the adoption of this scheme,
what will be the result of a failure to make any
appropriations for the Indian service?
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I have made no
proposition to dragoon the Senate into any-
thing. I am only proposing that this House
shall do its duty. I am only proposing that
this House shall assert its just prerogatives
and exercise its rightful power in judging of
the bill before it for consideration, in judging
of public measures and of public policy. That
is all I am proposing, and [ am not proposing,
as the gentleman has intimated, to dragoon
anybody. If we do our duty here ; if we see
to it here that these appropriations are not
stolen ; if we say here a,nd now that these In-
dians shall not be further plundered; if we say
in the exercise of our duty that a policy shall
bo established, honest, jnst, wise, judicious in
itself, 1 have no fear as to the result elsewhere
than in this Hall, and in that respect 1 do not
agree with the opinion expressed a little while
ago by the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr.
Wxxdom.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield live minutes to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Prgyn.]
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Speaker, I have no
acquaintance with the details of the arrange-
ments of the Indian department, but I believe
that some change ought to take place in regard
to it, and that the funds which we annually
appropriate to the Indians under the treaty
obligations which rest upon us should be spent
and disposed of in some other way than they
have been for some years past. I agree with
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] that
the vigor, the efficiency, the thoroughness with
which the War Department can deal with its
officers, whether here or in the distant wilder-
ness, makes that Department a far better chan-
nel for the purposes of this Government in
dealing with the Indians than its present organ-
ization. Why is it that we have failed so utterly
m doing our duty to these Indian tribes? Why
is it that the English Government, the Canadian
Government, has always succeeded in main-
taining on almost unbroken peuce with them?
by is it that the Quakers and the Roman
Catholic priests have always had an influence
with the Indians far beyond that which this
Government has had ? Why is it that we hear
from year to year the tales of woe. misery, and
horror, in connection with our intercourse with
the Indians, which are constantly brought to
our notice? Why is it that one Roman Cath-
olic priest, whose name is known throughout
, the length and breadth of this land—why is it
that Father De Smet has,more influence with
the Indian tribes on this continent than any
man now living?
Mr. WINDOM. I will answer the question
if the gentleman will allow me. It is because
the Quakers and the Catholic priests when they
make a bargain with the Indians keep it, and
this Government does not.
Mr. PRUYN. I am very glad to hear that
-answer, and it'tells us that we are all wrong in
the course that we are pursuing: How that
wrong is to be thoroughly made right I do not
know; but we are told by Bishop Whipple, and
by others who for some years past have taken
an earnest interest in this matter, that our duty
lies in another direction, and that we must do
something for the honor of this country, and
T for one am willing that we should try the War
Department, and that we should see whether
its vigor and its efficiency and its ability to deal
with its subordinates will not at least improve
this service. But if there be retribution visited
from Heaven upon man for his sins here it
will be visited upon us forthesins that we have
committed against the unoffending Indians,
unless we change our course and deal with
them hereafter honestly, faithfully, and in the
true spirit of Christian obligation.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield three minutes of my time to the gentle-
man from Idaho,'[Mr. Holbrook,] if he desires
to be heard upon this bill.
Mr. HOLBROOK. I have no desire to
speak upon this bill, because since the House,
under the instructions of the distinguished gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Buti.er,]
voted down the amendments adopted in Com-
mittee of the Whole I do not much care whether
this appropriation bill in its present form shall
pass or not. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Buti.br] has seen fir, to raise points
of order whenever any Delegate undertook to
vindicate any amendment he proposed. And he
also saw fit to make assertions which he knew
at the time he made them were unqualifiedly
false. He asserted that the $15,000 which the
Committee of the Whole appropriated in'this
bill would result in an expenditure of $7-5,000
by the Government before we were done with it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. - I cannot
well understand what the gentleman is saying,
for there is much noise here; but I think his
remarks are in relation to amendments which
have been rejected by this House, and there-
fore are not in order upon this bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must con-
fine his remarks to the bill.
Mr. HOLBROOK. 1 am not replying to
the Committee on Appropriations, because they
stated the other day that they had made a pro
rata reduction in the appropriation forthe Ter-
ritory of Idaho without taking into considera-
tion the outside surrounding circumstances con-
nected with the case. And after the gentleman
having charge of this bill saw fit to silence
Delegates here by raising points of order, and
making assertions which he knew at the time
he made them to be unqualifiedly false 
The SPEAKER. The Chair must arrest
theremarksof the gentleman from Idaho, [.Mr.
Holbrook.] He certainly is not nowin order.
Mr. HOLBROOK. I am aware that what
I have Raid is not parliamentary.
Mr. BEN J AM IN. I ask that the words used
by the Delegate from Idaho [Mr. Holbrook]
be taken down in writing, read from the Clerk's
desk, and ruled upon by the Speaker.
The words having been reduced to writing,
were read by the Clerk, as follows:
ehnr?e of this bill
saw nt to silence Delegates here bv raisin? points of
oruer, and making asser ions which he knew ;tI the
umeho made them to be unqualifiedly false" 
Ihe SPEAKER. The Chair rules that these
words are out of order, both as being unpar-
liamentary and as beinsr indecorous. Where
