1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a member states that what another member
has said is not true that is not unparliament-
ary, because it is possible that the member
may have been mistaken. But when a gentle-
man states that a member on this floor has
declared that which he knew to be unqualifiedly
false, that is the most insulting language that
can be uttered in a parliamentary body.
Mr. HOLBROOK. I would like to ask a
question of the Chair.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object, until the words
which the Chair has declared to be unparlia-
mentary have been retracted.
Mr. HOLBROOK. I do not propose to
retract any words I have used.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Idaho
[Mr. Hqlbrook] is not in order. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] is en-
titled tofourteen minutes remaining of his hour.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This
matter, in which I have very little concern
except as a member of the House, I hope will
be settled before I proceed.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the Delegate
who used the words just read at the Clerk's
desk be censured for the use of unparliament-
ary language. I will prepare a resolution to
thiit effect.
Mr. CHANLER. I rise to a question bear-
ing upoii this case in connection with aruling
of the Chair in a previous case.
The SPEAKER. No ruling of the Chair on
a previous occasion is now in order pending
the question now before the House.
Mr. CHANLER. I merely wish to state to
the Chair 
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot indulge
in controversies with members on the floor.
Mr. CH ANLER. I appeal from the decision
of the Ciiair in this case, as being contrary to
a former ruling of the Chair in the case of
words uitered by a member from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] in reference to a member upon this
side of the House.
The SPEAKER. The former rulings of the
present incumbent of the chair, or of former
Speakers, are not in controversy at this time.
They must stand on the words then uttered,
and all the attendant circumstances, and are
then subject to appeal.
Mr. CHANLER. I will withdraw my appeal.
Mr. GARFIELD. I yield to my colleague,
[Mr. Scheng'K,] who has prepared a resolution
on ihe subject before the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following reso-
lution, and on it demand the previous question:
Retolved. Tit at E. B. Holbsook, Deles 'tefrom the
Xenitory of Idaho, having distinctly uttered in the
presence of the House the following words in debate:
" and after the gentleman having charge of this bill
£iw fit to silence Delegates here by raising points of
order, and miking assertions which he knew at the
time, he made them to be unqualifiedly falso." and
having refused to retract the same, be immediately
brought to the bar of the House by the Serjeant-
at-Arms, and severely censured by the Speaker.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes ninety-five, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered ; and
under the operation thereof the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid oti the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Sergeant-at-Arms
will execute the order of the House.
Mr. Holbkooe appeared at the bar of the
House, accompanied by the Sergeant-at-Arms.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Holbrooic, often-
times in a deliberative body, in the discussion
of exciting questions, language is used which,
when attention is called to it., is promptly with-
drawn. We are all fallible, and hence are
liable to yield sometimes to the temptation to
indulge in language not, seemly or proper; but
when the remarks employed is offensive in its
character, and apparently, from the construc-
tion of the sentence, intended to be insulting,
and. when, an opportunity being given for its
withdrawal, that opportunity is not taken ad-
vantage of, thus reiterating the insult to afellow-
member uttered upon the floor of the House,
it has always been deemed by deliberative
assemblies censurable by the body with which
both members are connected. This instance
is, in the opinion of the House, of that char-
acter, and the House has instructed its Speaker
to censure you at its bar. I therefore, by the
order of the House, pronounce upon you its
cen>urefor the language which you have uttered
in its hearing. You will resume your seat.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, how much time have I remaining?
The SPEAKER. Fourteen minutes.
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield to me three minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
so little time remaining that I cannot^ield
further.
I was willing, Mr. Speaker, that this debate
should go on—and I am sorry that it has had
so unexpected an episode—in order that the
House might understand the exact trouble
about this Indian question. In my judgmfent
the solution of the difficulty is not to be
found either by putting our Indian affairs under
the control of the War Department or by con-
tinuing to intrust their management to the
Indian department. In either case there will
be found so great temptations to do wrong that
human nature, whether in the blue coat or the
black, can hardly withstand them. I think
the remedy is to be found in a change of our
system of dealing with the Indians. We must
in some form stop our present system of mak-
ing treaties, by which annuities are paid out
through the hands of agents thousands of
miles away from the seat of Government.
This is 110 new question. Many years ago
John Randolph, of Virginia, with cutting sar-
casm, said that to be an Indian agent would
corrupt the angel Gabriel. And, sir, we have
not changed. We are no further advanced in
our system of dealing with the Indians than
we were when William Penn, at the head of a
few colonists, made treaties with powerful
tribes of Indians. At the present day this
great Government of ours is making treaties
with mere savages.
What should be done, in my judgment, is to
inaugurate a system such as that by which we
in Massachusetts have in late years dealt with
our Indians. Now, let no man reply to me
that in the early history of the country we of
Massachusetts dealt harshly and sometimes
very wrongfully with the Indians. They were
then strong, and we were weak. Since that
time we have become strong, and they have
become weak. We deal with them as the wards
of the State. We pass laws for their govern-
ment precisely as we pass laws for the govern-
ment of the rest of the community, and we put
over them guardians to protect them and to
carry out these laws. We never let these
guardians make a bargain with the Indians any
more than we let a guardian make a bargain
with an infant ward in the ordinary affairs of
civil life, and by that means we have been able
to preserve still a remnant of these tribes.
I speak of Massachusetts because we have an
insulated Indian system which has worked
well. But I think now the time has come when
the United States must adopt some new system.
My friend from Minnesota, chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, on one side, pro-
poses one set of officers, and the gentleman
from Ohio, the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, on the other side, proposes an
entirely different set of officers. I believe the
fault is with the system, and that it is our duty
to correct it as soon as possible.
•Mr. HOLBROOK. I rise to a point of
order, that the gentleman is not discussing the
bill before the House. He is discussing the
question of the transfer of the Indian Bureau,
and there is nothing of that kind in the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
yield to the gentleman.
The SPE A K.E R. The gentleman must con-
fine his remarks to the pending bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
showing why it should pass ; but to go a little
further. Me nbers of the House may be aston-
ished to learn that $2,000,000 to feed the In-
dians were expended by the War Department
last year. The present bill appropriates only
a little more than two million dollars.
Mr. GARFIELD. Is not the War Depart-
ment feeding the Indians through its own sub-
sistence department?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
just what I was stating; that the War Depart-
ment has spent $2,000,000 out of its commis-
sary and subsistence fund for the purpose of
feeding these Indians. There is a prdnositioa
before one of the committees to allow that to ba
transferred to the Department of the Interior.
Mr. HOLBROOK. I ask the gentleman to
let me ask a question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
yield. I have not time, or I would.
Under these circumstances, Mr. Speaker,
with this expenditure of five or six million
dollars pending, I thought it was best to let
this debaterun onfor the purposeofhavingan
interchange of views on both sides of the
House, and I am only sorry that the courtesy
which I extended has not in one instance been
returned.
Mr. DELANO. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has informed the House that this
$2,500,000 is bat a small portion of what will
be required for the Indian service, but he has
not yet told us what the aggregate expense of
supporting the Indian serviee under the pres-
ent system will amount to per annum.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Between
five and six million dollars according to the
lowest estimate, and between six and seven
million dollars according to the highest.
Mr. DELANO. Is it the gentleman's opin-
ion that by a transfer of the Indian Bureau
any less sum will be expended? I have heard
it stated that 5500,000 a year is paid to the
civilians employed in this service. Now, if
the bureau be transferred would there be a
reduction of expense in that item ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I doubt
whether a transfer of the bureau would much
reduce the expense. The advantage would be
that we would get pretty honestly the amount
we appropriated to the Indians' mouths.
Of course, Mr. Speaker, this bill must be
passed however much we may object. I do
not think the time has come when this House
should resort to the sovereign remedy of refus-
ing supplies. There may cotne a time when
to wrest power from the Senate we shall have
to do so, and when that time comes I shall be
ready to do it. As I have said, I do not think
that time has yet come.
I now demand the previous question oa the
passage of the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the bill be
laid upon the table, as it is our only remedy.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
twenty three, noes not counted.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
93, noes 40.
Mr. GARFIELD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill waspassed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COUNT OP ELBCTOHAL VOTES.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to offer a resolution
in reference to the counting of electoral votes
for President and Yice President, which I ask
the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That Jimf.s F. Wilson-, of Iowa, and
John V. L. Puuyn, ot New York, tie appointed tell-
ers on the part of the House ot' Representatives to
count the electoral voles for President and Viae
President.
