Wj GOKGIlESaiOMiili (JJLOBE
February 4,
* Tile,SPE AKER. The Chair-will state - Art
ftr *obvioBg-reas0fi$ he "has desired that the
Hfluse shomld take the responsibility of. this
^pjwntmewt instead of himfleifi
The resolution, was agreed to.
CLAKKE AND WiABODY.
• The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter of the Secretary
of War, transmitting a report of the board of
elaitnain the War Department in the Matter
of-tte'clahns of Messrs.' J. E. Clarke, late
raBrahat, and John T. Peabody, deceased, late
clerk of the United States provisional coffr't
forLouiSiana, for funds expended by them;
Which was referred to the Committee on- Ap-
" 3; e. V. blackburn;
.The SPEAKER' also,laid before the. House
a letter from the Secretary of the Interior, s'ub-
mit^jig-the claim, of J. C. D. Blackburn for
fiirlii'sMng supplies to the Kiowa, Camanche,
iild .fjache Indians; which was referred to
<8% Committee on Appropriations.
I > UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD. ,
TheSPEAKER also laid before the House
a import of the Secretary of the Interior, com-
municating a copy of a report of the president
of tte'Uuion Pacific railroad', iii. accordance
■with"the resolution of the House of the 30th
ultinio; "which was referred to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad, and' ordered to be
printed.
. treaty witii ch0w nation.
Tlie SPEAKER also laid before the House
anoint resolution of the territorial Legislature
of Montana Territory, asking a reconsidera-
tion of the treaty with the Crow nation ; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and, on motion of Mr. Cavanaugii,
ordered to be printed.
BRANCH MINT IN MONTANA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a joint memorial of the same Legislature, ask-
ing Congress for an appropriation for the
establishment of a branch mint in the Terri-
tory of. Montana; which was referred to the
Committee on Coinage, Weights, and Meas-
ures, and ordered to be printed.
flathead indians.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a joint memorial of the same Legislature, pray-
ing for the removal of the Flathead Indians
from the Bitter Root valley, in the county of
Mesaoula, to their reservation on tho Jocko;
which was referred to tho Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
MILITARY ROAD IN MONTANA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a joint memorial of tho same Legislature, ask-
ing for the construction of a military road from
Muscle Shoal to Port Ellis; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and or
dered to be printed.
ORGANIC ACT Of MONTANA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
ajoint memorial of the same Legislature, ask-
ing for an amendment to the organic act of the
Territory of Montana.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I understand the Com-
mittee on the Territories will not be called again
this session. I therefore move the reference of
this memorial to the Committee on Revision of
l^ws of the United States.
-..The memorial was accordingly so referred^
and ordered to be printed.
MILITARY ROAD IN MONTANA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a joint memorial of the same Legislature, ask-
ing for the construction of a military road from
-some pointon the Union Pacific railroad near
Box Elder, Utah Territory, and Helena City,
Montana lerritory; which was referred to the
Committee oa Military Affairs, and ordered to
he printed.
MONTANA HISTORICAL SOCIETY.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a-jpint memorial of the same Legislature, ask-
ing ao appropriation for therelief-of the Mon-
tana Historical Society; which was referred to
the Committee on Education, and ordered to
be printed.
• . cherokee neutral lands.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a concurrent resolution of the Legislature of
Kawsas, relative to, the protection of actual
settlers upon the Cherokee neutral lands;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
osage treaty.
, The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a resolution of the Legislature of Kansas, rela-
tive to the Osage treaty; which was referred
to thg Committee on the Public Lands.
pcjblic building at topbka.-
The SPEAKER also laid before tho House
the resolutions of the Legislative Assembly of
Kansas, asking for the erection of a court-
bouse, post office building, &c., at Topekai,
Kansas ; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
railroad grants. .
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
resolutions of the Legislature of Oregon, in-
structing their Senators and Representatives to
support certain railroads; which were referred
to the Committee oti the Pacific Railroad.
payment op the national debt.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1865) providing for the
payment of the national debt, and for the reduc-
tion of the rate of interest thereon ; which was
read the first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to reconsider the various votes of reference
to-day; and I also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
railroad ir0ji washington to new york.
The SPEAKER stated that the morning
hour had commenced, and the.first business
iu order was the unfinished business of yester-
day, being Hous.o bill No, 023, to authorize
the building of a military and postal railway
from Washington, District of Columbia, to the
city of New York, reported from the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals with sundry amend-
ments, and upon which the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Cook] was entitled to the floor
for fifty minutes.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. Before the
gentleman from Illinois proceeds, I desix-e to
make a very brief statement to the House in
reference to the business of the House in con-
nection with this bill.
Mr. COOK. I yield for that.purpose.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I want to
say to the Hoilse that unless some action is
,had^ taking this bill out of the morning hour,
it will be manifestly impossible for any other
reports to be made from committees on public
business. There are, including to-day, but
seven morning hours left for public business
during this session, and it, is quite plain that
if this bill continues in the morning hour it
will give rise to such debate as will prevent
reports from any other committees daring the
session. Now, there are many committees
that have reports which they are waiting to
make of bills of a public nature. The Com-
mittee on Commerce has -not been called, and
I fear very much it will not be, but before that
committee there are several others which are
now. waiting to be heard, and unless we get rid
of this bill they cannot be heard.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I want to say that after
the argument which is now proceeding from
the gentleman who reported this bill shall have
been answered, if I can get the floor, I propose
to move the previous question in order to test
the sense of the House upon the question, so
ft&t the bill ojay Jje removed from the morning
hour. That is, I believe, the only way in Which
it can be, done..
Mr. SCHENCK. If .the gentleman from
Massachusetts will listen to me for ,a moment
I think' I can suggest a way of meeting the
difficulty. I propose that the gentleman, and
all others, attend the evening sessions and help
us to get the tax bill out of the way during .the
next, two or three days, an<J then we can work
in the evenings on these reports. . ,,
, Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. ..The gen-
tleman from Ohio knows very well that that is
a matter which is wholly outside of the line
of my remarks. • .
Mr. SCHENCK.: Not at all.
. Mr. ELIOT," of Massachusetts.- That is not
iri the morning hour. : The House, of course,
may make aiborningliour Jn the'evening, but
according to the - rules of the House the facts
are as I have stated; and-1 wanted to say, and
I do it with the consent of the gentleman who
introduced the bill, that! shall call the-previous
question as soon as hia remarks have been
answered. - - • . ' -
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state
that the Committee on Roads and Canals were
not unanimous in this'report; and the Chair is
informed of some six or eight members who
desire to speak, including one member of the
minority of the committee. The Chair, there-
fore, will be compelled to recognize a gentle-
man to speak in opposition to the bill before
he could recognize any one to call the previous
question. -
Mr. ELIOT', of Massachusetts. I shall not
ask for the floor until someone has had achance
to reply to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Cook.] That will give another hour, an hour
on each side.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair would state
also that he thinks there are more than seven
more morning hours.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I beg the
Chair's pardon.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has prob-
ably calculated more closely than the Chair,
and excludes the last ten days of the session.
The morning hour can then run unless inter-
rupted by other business, and the House by a
two-thirds vote suspending the rules can order
that the morning hour shall not be interrupted
even by privileged questions.
Mr. TWlCHELL. I want, to know if the
chairman of the Committee , on .Roads and
.Canals consents to the motion my colleague
[Mr. Eliot] has entered on so important a
measure as this is?
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. The ques-
tion has been so long agitated that I suppose
members on, the floor of the House have sub-
stantially made up their minds how they will
vot'e upon it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Twich-
ell] that this subject is not entirely within the
control of the" gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Cook.] It is a responsibility devolving upon
the Chair, knowing that there are some thirty
committees that have important subjects before
them on which they desire' to. report, to give
an opportunity to some member to submit a
motion which will bring the House to a vote
upon the pending proposition, so that the call
of committe^s-for reports may continue. The
Chair is compelled to recognize that fact.
Mr. TWICH-ELL. I understand my col-
league {Mr. EliotJ to say,that he had given
the gentleoiaa- from Illinois [Mr. Cook] notice
that he.would call the previo.us question on
this proposition, and that the gentleman from
Illinois had assented to that arrangement. I
want to know if that is the case?
- Mr. COOK. I am willing that the House
shall have an opportunity tQ vote on this ques-
tion at the time indicated if that is deemed
proper; but I can yield no longer for this dis-
cussion. I would inquire of the Chair how
much time I have remaining of my hour ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has fifty
minutes, remaining of his hour,
