1869;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Mr. COOK then resumed and concluded his'
remarks begun on yesterday. [They will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. KERB addressed the House, but had
not concluded his remarks when the hammer
fell. *
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over until the morn-
ing hour of Tuesday; and the House'resumes
the consideration of the motibn to reconsider
the vote by which the bill to equalize the boun-
ties of soldiers, &c., was referred?
Mr. HIGBY. I move that the House pro-
ceed to the business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
american citizens in paraguay.
The first business on the Speaker's table was
the following message from, the President of the
United States:
To the Home of Itepreeenintivee:
In answer to the resolution of the House ot ilepre-
sentatives of the 16th of December last, in relation
to the rights of American citizens in Paraguay, I
transmit a report of the
Washington, February 1,1869.
On motion of Mr. CULLOM, the message
and the accompanying report were referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the' message and
report were referred and ordered to be printed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john ii. osler.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to House
bill No. 1451, for the relief of John H. Osier,
of Guernsey county, Ohio.
The amendment of the Senate was to strike
out the following words:
The pay of a first lieutenant of infantry from the
9th of December, 1864, to the 27th of March, 1865,
together with three months pay; and also."
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
CIIARI.ES WESTMORELAND. „
Mr. HIGBY. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table, outof its
regular order, Senate joint resolution No. 208,
relating to the mileage of Charles "Westmore-
land.
No objection was made.
The joint resolution was accordingly taken
up and read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be read a third time.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to the Secretary of the Senate, out of the ap-
propriation for the payment of the messengers
. of the respective States for conveying to the
seat of Government the votes of electors of
the States for President and Vice President,
in trust for Charles Westmoreland, the only
child of the late Charles Westmoreland, the
person appointed by the electors of California
to deliver to the President of the Senate a list
of the votes of California for President and
Vice President for 1868, and who died at
Panama on his way to the seat of Government
with that list, the sum to which he would have
been* entitled had he reached the seat of Gov-
ernment and delivered the same ; and the re-
ceipt of the Secretary of the Senate is to be a
sufficient voucher therefor.
Mr. BROOMALL. Did this man leave a
wife?
Mr. HIGBY. No ; he was a widower.
The joint resolution was then read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HIGBY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
stationery for interior department.
The next business upon* the Speaker's-table
Was Senate joint resolutfscr No. 175,-reftitive
to a recent oontraet for stationery -ftjr the "De-
partment of the Interior ; which was taken up
and read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be read a third time. ;
The joint resolution, which wag read, directs
the Secretary of the Interior to annul and can-
cel a contract made by him with Messrs. Demp-
sey & O'Toole for supplying the Department
of the Interior, and the several bureaus and
officers thereof, with stationery for the fiscal
year endiug June 30, 1869, under an adver-
tisement issued' May 25, 1868; and to enter
into a contract for the articles mentioned in
said advertisement with Messrs. Blanchard &
Mohun, the latter being the lowest and best
bidder therefor.
Mr. JENCKES. That is a resolution which
was referred to in the debate yesterday upon
this subject. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Retrenchment to move to amend the
resolution by striking out all the latter part of
it relating to a contract with Messrs. Blanch-
ard & Mohun, and then to ask the House to
pass the resolution so amended.
Mr. LAFLIN. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr, JENCKES. Permitme first to explain.
The resolution passed by the House ^yester-
day, reported from the Committee on Printing,
directs the Secretary of the Interior to refuse
pay for certain articles which were furnished
by these contractors, a portion of which, I
understand, was furnished anterior totheperiod
covered by this contract. The Co-mmittee on
Retrenchment were instructed to inquire into
the circumstances connected with the making
of this contract, and they have done so. They
find that the conditions repaired by the act ol
1842. preliminary to making any contract for
this purpose, have not been complied with.
They therefore recommend the passage of a
joint resolution annulling the entire contract.
There is an additional reason for canceling
this contract in the fact that the House yester-
day passed a bill which virtually repeals the act
of 1842, and authorizes the joint^ Committee
on Printing to advertise and receive bids for
these materials. The reason for the amend-
ment which I have proposed is the same as that
upon which is founded the recommendation
that this contract be canceled. Blanchard &
Mohun were bidders at the same time with
Dempsey & O'Toole, and subject to the same
advertisement and the same objections, the ad-
vertisement not being in accordance with the
law. It would therefore be unjust to declare a
contract based upon this advertisement void as
to one and valid as to another of the bidders.
The same objection destroys the validity of
both. I now yield to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Laflin.]
Mr. LAFLIN. This joint resolution, pro-
viding for the abrogation of the contract for
stationery with Dempsey & O'Toole, should,
in my judgment, be referred to the Committee
on Printing before any attempt is made to
pass it in the House. One reason for such a
reference is that the committee has had this
general subject in eharge. In addition to that,
the House passed yesterday a bill designed to
remedy the defects in the present system of
awarding these contracts; and that bill, if
passed by the Senate, will render this resolu-
tion entirely nugatory.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I would like to
ask the gentleman a question, if he will per-
mit me.
Mr. LAPLIN. Certainly.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Has any money
been paid under this contract, and if any, how
much ?
Mr. LAFLIN. It is impossible for me to
answer that question. I have not the data
upon which to give the information.
Mr. PILE. Could not the gentleman answer
approximately ?
Mr. LAFLIN. No, sir; I cannot.
Mr. JENCKES. Nothing has been furnished
ufider this contract to the Patent Office, <fraere
the principal part of the'stStioilery is teqaitMa.
The Commissioner of Patents has not obtained;
his stationery from these parties-, but in' opten;
'' '
Mr. Speaker, I think the House mnst sea,
that there is no good reason for referring this •
resolution'to the Committee on Printing. • Its
passage bj1 the House at this time will be no:
interference with the jurisdiction of that com-
mittee, because this subject was referred .lo
the Committee * on Retrenchment before its
recent reference to the Committee on Print-
ing, An investigation of the facts was madeby
the Committee on Retrenchment last summer
when this contract was fresh, the eoatract he-
ginning to run on thelst day of June or July. ^ A
report was made at, that time, and this joint
resolution was passed in the Senate at' the list
session. It has been lying here on the Speak-"
er's table ever since. I see no reason why the
action of the House should be further delay ed. •
If this contract is to be canceled—and being
contrary to law it certainly should be canceled—
thro sooner it is done the better.
The amendment of Mr. Jewckes was agreed
to; therebeing—ayes seventy, noes notcounted.
The joint resolution, as amended, was or-'
dered to a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. J ENCKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
transfer of printing appropriations. .
Mr. LAFLIN. I move that the House take,
from the Speaker's table the joint resolution
(S. R. No., 194) authorizing the transfer of
certain appropriations heretofore made for the
public printing, binding, and engraving, _ _
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution was taken from the Speaker's table,
and read a first and second time.
The joint resolution directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to cause the sum of $1?4,000 to
be transferred from the appropriation "for
paper for the public printing," contained in
the act entitled "An act malting appropri-
ations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1869," approved on the 20th
of July, 1868, in aid of the appropriations con-
tained in the same act for the following pur-
poses and in the following proportions,to wit:
for the public binding, the sum of $110,000 ;
for lithographing and engraviug for the Senate
and House of Representatives, the sum of
$84,000.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave 01' absence.
Mr. Buckley obtained leave of abscncc till
next Tuesday.
message fr03i tiie senate.
A message was received from the, Senate, by
Mr. Hamlin, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed a bill and joint
resolution of the following titles,^ with sundry
amendments, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House: v
An act (H. R. No. 1570)^ making appropri-
ations for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1870, and for other purposes; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 3/2) directing
the sale of the steamer Atlantic.
On motion of Mr. BLAINE, the amendments
of the Senate to the consular and diplomatic
bill were referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed-
agricultural colleges.
The next business on the Speaker's table
xsfcs Senate joint resolution No. 176, extending
the benefits of acts donating public lands to
the several States and Territories which -may
