1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO01.
that it would not be in order to make that
motion at that stago of the proceedings, and
that" the regular way would be, it the Senate
should non-concur, which in the opinion of the
Chair would be equivalent to a disagreement,
to ask for a further conference. The question
as on agreeing to the report of the committee
of conference.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, before
this question is put to a vote I propose to sub-
mit a few observations which seem to me to be
timely.
In the first place I have to observe that what
I supposed would occur from the appointment
<>f the committee of conference has actually
■fakeu place. I was of opinion, and expressed
that opinion, that sooner or later the Senate
would be brought to the point of agreeing to
i-ome House proposition ; that all the effort ex-
pended in this body in shaping a proposed
amendment to the Constitution would be lost,
wo.uld go for nothing; that the House of Repre-
sentatives would have its own way; that some
proposition formed by it would be accepted ;
and I went on to observe that this would be in
accordance with the proceedings of Congress
for the last half dozen years on subjects of this
description—I mean on political questions, or
those having a political complexion.
I am not. therefore surprised when the com-
mittee of conference bring back to us the
original House amendment, it' not in exact
terms, in substance. It is precisely the amend-
ment which the House passed originally and
sent here, and which the Senate attempted to
amend, in which attempt a very large amount
of time was expended,, and a good deal of effort
alt-o, including ihe holdingof a protracted night
session. The acceptance of this report of the
committee of confurencc thus will be consist-
ent with congressional history and action for
many years, during which the Senate has usu-
ally given way to the House.
Another point of more importance: it is
my opinion, and I take this occasion to express
il, that the amendment power of the Constitu-
tion does not authorize this change. It is my
idea that the amendment, clause has some limit-
ations, the leading and principal one of which
being that an amendment must be within the
scope and purpose of the original instrument.
It must be in pursuance of the objects for which
thu Constitution was formed ; within the gene-
ral scope and purpose for which it was made.
I believe that you may submit an amendment
to the Constitution to the several States chang-
ing the qualifications of voters who choose
members of Congress and electors of President
and Vice President of the United States, or
regulating the manner in which these Federal
officers or officials shall be chosen. An amend-
ment with either of these objects would be
within the general purposes of the original
delegations of power to the Government of the
United States, or rather within those general
objects for which the Government of the Uni-
ted States v.v.s established. But this amend-
ment goes further. It proposes to establish a
rule of suffrage for State purposes, one which
will obtain at State elections and give direction
to the political institutions and political action
of the several States.
Now, sir, consider: if a provision looking
to that object had been put into the Constitu-
tion originally no one can doubt that the Con-
stitution would have been rejected; it would
not have been ratified by nine States; it would
not have gone into operation; it would never
have had legal existence as the fundamental
law of the land. For the States with the ideas
that then obtained would not have surrendered
up to this Government which they were forming
control over their local institutions. Above ail
they would not have permitted this Govern-
ment, or three fourths of their co-States, to
have regulated State suffrage in any way what-
ever, to have prescribed the qualifications
which should obtain for an exercise of that
right. •
if by virtue of this power ,of amendment
which is in the Constitution you can propose
and adopt an amendment which shall have the
effect ot prescribing the rule of suffrage for
State purposes what, have you done? You
have put the institutions of the State, their
home institutions, their domestic policy, their
local frames of government, their sovereignty,
and their powers altogether within the control
of three fourths of the other States.
Mr. Madison, in certain numbers of the Fed-
eralist, proceeded in a masterly .manner to por-
tray our compound system of government. He
stated, and he stated truly, that our system was
compounded of two great elements, the one
national and the other State ; that the two prin-
ciples, the one of State power and of State sov-
ereignty for certain purposes, and the other of
national power for common purposes, both of
defense and of internal polity, enter into the
constitution of this Federal Government and
were recognized by it. He argued at length
and with great power that the maintenance of
both these principles was absolutely necessary
to the existence of free and successful govern-
ment in this country. I but allude to those
essays of his as containing in a more full and
ample manner than it is convenient for me to
state the ideas upon which this opinion which
j I have now expressed is founded, that no State
ever surrendered up to three fourths of its
co-States a power by way of amending the Con-
stitution to revolutionize and change the State
frame of governments in the viral, the most
important particular possible—the right of suf-
frage ; in other words, never surrendered up to
its co-States the power to say who should con-
stitute the State. That is the point struck at
by this amendment.
What is a State in the true sense of the
I term? It. is not the government, ot the State.
Government is but a representative under our
! system. The State is composed of the people
of the State ; and when you come to define
that term " people" in its political sense, under
our institutions it means the electors of the
State, for with them is lodged the sovereign
power of the State, and they participate in the
possession and enjoyment of that power with
no other community or power under heaven.
The electors of the State, then, constitute the
State; with them is lodged its sovereignty, and,
as I think, the State government and the Fed-
eral Government are simply agents exorcising
this sovereign power, because its exercise lias
been delegated to them. Now, what is the
principle which underlies this amendment be-
fore yon? It is that three fourths of the States,
as distinct political communities, acting upon
this question of amendment, may reach into a
co-State and change that State; may decree
that those who hold its sovereign powers shall
held them no longer, or that they shall partici-
pate in the enjoyment of those sovereign pow-
ers with others against their will. I insist that
this is so clearly a departure from any of the
general principles on which the Constitution
was formed and this Federal Government es-
tablished that it does not and cannot fall within
the amending power of that Constitution. In
taking this ground I do not argue against Fed-
eral power properly understood, nor does my
conclusion weaken any just principle or argu-
ment in favor of efficiency and vigor in this
Government, the common Government for all
the States. I admit that by the amending
power you may provide who shall choose mem-
bers of the lower House of Congress ; you may
provide who shall choose your presidential
electors; you may provide that your electoral
colleges shall be abolished and that your Presi-
dent, shall be chosen in a different manner; you
might provide, were it not for a particular clause
of the Constitution, that the States should be
represented in this body in a different manner
from what they now are. It is only because
there is a limitation in that respect that you
cannot by amendment provide that the States
shall be represented altogether in a different
manner from what they now are.
I admit all legitimate consequences which
are drawn froip the insertion of the amending
clause in the Constitution of the United S tates,
that it may extend,to any object or,purpos^fer
which this Government was made.or which is
.necessary to its efficieatand successful Qpera-
tion as a, common organ of all'the States and
of all the people of all.the States,
- But, sir, not only were the people indisposed
originally when the Government was. founded
to grant any such power oyer local or State
arrangements, and particularly over the sov-
ereign powers of the State, the manner in which
those powers should be bestowed and who
should exercise them—not only did this jeal-
ousy exist originally against undue grants
which should trench unnecessarily upon the
sovereignty of the States, but every .reason,
every argument which originally, and during
all the earlier periods of our history was pro-
duced upon the subject of the distribution of
power between the States and the_ Federal
Government tells in the same direction,; awl
even if this amending power should be-held, to
be, what it is not, a power to change a, State
and to make it something that .it is not, it,
would be, upon every ground of legitimate
argument, unwise to enter upon the exercise
of such power.
Mr. President, I have but little to add. I
hope when this amendment goes down to the
States for their consideration, as I suppose it
will, that upon this ground which I have men-
tioned, if upon no other, they will reject it;
that a competent number of them will withhold
from it that ratification which you invite. If
they do so, they will so far as this question is
concerned have maintained our system of gov-
ernments as they were originally made and as
it was intended that they should exist forever,
or at least until in the course of ages some con-
vulsion, some great change which should rock
society to its foundations should subvert the
entire structure which they had reared. If the
States to whom you send this amendment shall
stand forward and reject itf not merely upon
the ground of policy, not merely upon the argu-
ment that it is doubtful in character or in result,
but upon the grouud that it is a fundamental,
an injurious, an unauthorized departure from
the fundamental principles of our system Of
government, they will have given a guarantee
and a security to our institutions which will $ot
fail us hereafter and will exercise a most salu-
tary influence upon the proceedings of this
governmentand upon the constitution ot polit-
ical parties throughout the country ; for it will
then have been determined upon good ground
that, there is a clear limit upon this power of
amending the Federal Constitution, that there
are some rights which it cannot touch or over-
throw, that republicanism aud republican insti-
tutions in this country are not altogether the
sport or plaything of a mere majority nor of a
three-fourths vote of the States of the Union,
that even a minority of the States are secure
in those rights which they have always hitherto
enjoyed, and which it was intended when the
Constitution was made should .always be sacred
from interference either by this Government
or by their co-States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, but four working days now remain before
this session of Congress will have reached its
close. If we were to take up the bills upon
the tables of the two Houses that are neces-
sary or at least proper to be acted upon and
barely read them, without debate, we should
hardly be able to more than discharge our legit-
imate duties. From my knowledge of the state
of business in each House I am prepared to
believe that we must accept the report of t/iis
committee or abandon all hope of any amend-
ment of the Constitution being proposed by this
Congress.
I would much prefer some different amend-
ment from this; and yet 1 am not prepared to
say that this does not go as far as would be
likely to prove acceptable to a majority of the
people. I trust, therefore, that without further
consumption of time, considering the vast
