1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•86?
healthy condition, becausewe have been spend-
ing borrowed money with a lavish hand, and
getting in debt to our own citizens during the
war and to foreign nations since, and theincreas-
ing volume of the currency, which was a part
of that debt, enabled debtors to pay creditors
easily, white payment and contraction neces-
sarily reverses this condition of our affairs.
Colonel Forney, in a recent letter, portrays
the wonderful effects of suspension by Penn-
sylvania, when in great financial depression
from debt, as follows:
" After the completion of her great system of
public works, Pennsylvania found herself in debt
$40,000,OOOin round numbers. This was an enormous
burden, and oxcited great terror among our own
people, and great amazement in the outside world.
The State could not pay the interest on this debt for
a number of years. In this strait the Legislature
passed a law legalizing the suspension of specie
payments for five years. When this legislation
took place every description of stocks, including
State bonds, had sunk to one third their value.
State fives were bought at thirty-two cents on the dol-
lar, and bank shares were sold at a mere nominal
price. The State could not pay its own contractors
on the public works until a batch of "relief notes"
were authorized to tnkc the place of currency.
"But when it was understood that the State would
not resume for a period of five years all doubt was at
once removed. Everybody got to work. Business
of all kinds took a fresh start, and capital, inspired
by the confidence that no change in the financial
policy of the €tate would take place in five years,
embarked freely in every kind of enterprise. The
great process of accumulation and production began
and continued. Wageswero steadyand high. Prices
of all kinds advanced. Stocks appreciated, and
resumption came of itself."
Our own experience in 1837 is still fresh in
the minds of many. Overtrading, heavy im-
portations, and a large balance of foreign trade
against, us took gold out of the country to pay
the difference. To maintain specie payments
a sharp contraction took place, and the value
of all commodities suffered a rapid dec-line.
The result was that production ceased and
labor was left idle, and bankruptcy swept over
the land. The banks drew in their loans sud-
denly and failed their customers, and then failed
themselves. Specie payments were suspended
to stop the havoc in fortunes; and without
specie, the country, with a poor currency com-
pared with greenbacks, worked its way out of
the difficulties which were brought upon it by
fluctuations, speculations, and extravagance
during a period when currency had a specie
basis. Yet one would suppose from the views
of our high functionaries that extravagant spec-
ulations and fluctuations were only capable of
existence where the circulation was greenbacks,
and only curable by a resort to specie in their
stead.
In 1857, overtrading with a currency con-
vertible to specie, and a large foreign balance
against us calling for specie settlement, again
brought contraction and another crash, in
which specie payments were again suspended
until we worked our way out of that also. We
have recently emerged from a great struggle,
in which vast numbers of our people have been
engaged in destroying wealth instead of pro-
ducing it. The balance of trade has been and
now continues heavily against us abroad.
Bonds to the extent of $800,000,000 have
gone there in payment of these balances, and
are now calling steadily for gold interest.
Specie became an article of merchandise, and
to prevent contraction and disaster, and to give
us a loan when the money-lenders either could
not or would not furnish us longer, the legal
tenders were created. They furnished us with
currency and a loan at the same time, without
interest. When the surplus productions of our
labor can be made to take the place of specie
to settle our foreign balances they will be no
longer needed. This desirable condition can
be hastened by such legislation as reduces the
expenses of the Government—the interest on
our debts—and our foreign imports. Such
measures will aid in doing it without harsh
contractions or panic or sudden change, with-
out stopping business or the employment of
labor, or causing an increase of taxation. To
attempt resumption without measures of this
character preceding it will result in disaster
and ruin.
If Pennsylvania with a million and a half
of people, andgreater resources than any other
State, bad to suspend five years to work up her
credit from a debt of $40,000,000, all of which
had been expended to develop her internal
resources, what folly to think of bringing a
nation of thirty-five millions to specie payments
in two years, who owe at least $400,000,000
dollars of war debt, including those of State
and municipal organizations, all of which was
used in destroying wealth and the means of
producing it!
We have had a very recent experience of the
effects of contraction. In 1867 the Secretary
of the Treasury was contracting the currency
at the rate of $4,000,000 per month. What
was the result? Business became paralyzed,
and labor began to be unemployed. Every
manufacturer and producer saw his goods
steadily decline while in the process of produc-
tion. So rapid was the decline of values that
they often found no profit, and in many cases
serious loss. Production was at once reduced,
business became stagnant, and Congress was
visited by committees from all sections of the
country clamorous forrelief. Weremoved bur-
densometaxeS, stopped contraction, and at once
all was changed from depression to vivacity,
from stagnation to activity. Who is desirous to
bring that condition again upon the country, as
they surely would, by renewed contractions such
as would become necessary to go to specie pay-
ments? Two New Yorkers within the last four
months are said to have caused a severe de-
cline in stocks and all articles of produce, and
caused hundreds of failures, by merely hoarding
$12,000,000 for a short time, over which they
obtained control.
If the contraction of $48,000,000 a year by
the Secretary of the Treasury produced such
an effect upon the business of the country that
Congress had to interfere and stay his hand,
and the simple hoarding of §12,000,000 by two
individuals, which it was apparent must be tem-
porary, had such an effect upon the values of
the country and the fortunes of its citizens,
what may reasonably be expcctcd to follow
from the contraction necessary to go to specie
payments within any time which has been
named? To attempt it when the overdue debt
of the nation is so collosal, and when every
State and municipality, as well as vast num-
bers of our citizens are also involved, and
almost ever}'section demands relief, more or
less, would be simply ruin. It would bankrupt
the Treasury, the banks, and the whole debtor
portion of the people. It would reduce im-
mensely the value of all our property and all
our securities. It would help nobody but the
men who live by usury, and sit watching for
high rates of interest and low prices for all the
products of industry.
If specie payments are to be resumed and
maintained a con traction must take place within
the time fixed for it sufficient to remove the
difference between the specie and the paper
dollar, which now is about thirty-five per cent.,
making thegreenback dollar worth seventy-four
cents in specie. It is simply a proposition to
shrink the value of all commodities which are
measured by the volume of the currency more
than one quarter part, and practically adds
more than one quarter part to all the debts and
interest and to all the taxes of the country, ex-
cept such as are now paid in gold. The latter
will remain unchanged in value, because the
shrinking of values would enable gold to pur-
chase as much then as the premium from its
sale added now does. It also decreases every
man's ability to pay debts, and taxes just in the
proportion as it increases the value of the debt
and' interest. There is no downy road to specie
payments. It is only to be reached and main-
tained by such a shrinking of values as will
make our markets cheap to buy in instead of
high markets to sell in. That can only be done
by increasing our home productions and dimin-
ishing the demand for those of foreign nations.
Legislation can aid in this; but many who talk
loud for speedy specie payment refuse all
legislation effectual in bringing down the rates
of interest on the national debt, -which would
also carry down the rates on all other debts
and be one great step toward it. And they also
oppose an increased tariff upon articles of
luxury, which would be another great step.
Hear what the Secretary of the Treasury tells
us on this point:
"Two thirds of the importations of th« United
States consist of articles which in economical times
would be pronounced luxuries. That our bonds hare
been largely paid for in articles for which no nation
can afford to run in debt for; articles which neither
stimulated industry nor increased the productive
power of the country: which have in fact added noth
ing to tho national wealth." * * * *
" They are annually swelling our foreign debt with-
out increasing our ability to pay it." * *
* * "How disastrous such a course of trade if
long continued must bo it reijuiros no spirit of pro-
phecy to predict."
A tariff which would check or stop this class
of importations would, of course, check or stop
the demand for specie to pay for them, which is
now boughtat a premium, because it is cheaper
to buy than cotton, wheat, or tobacco. But
when these imports cease and bonds and gold
no longer go abroad for luxuries the gold reve-
nue fails which we must have to meet the in-
terest on bonds, and hence reduced rates of
interest must go with an increased tariff or we
shall run in debt to pay our interest. And it
is here that two strong classescoinbineto defeat,
all legislation which will aid resumption with-
out crushing out the laboring and debtor classes.
We might, it is true, contract the currency and
all indebtedness in thesameratio. Apparently
that would be a just course, but it is fraught
with great evil. Once commence to legislate
for the sealing of debts, as has been proposed
in regard to the greenback debt held by the
people, and where would it end? In a destruc-
tion of all confidence and the stoppage of all
business, leaving labor unemployed. It would
bring a Pandora's box of evils compared with
its benefits, and both the laborer and the debtor
would suffer more from destroyed business and
confidence than tliey could reap benefits from
reduced liabilities.
Economy in the administration of the Gov-
ernment; no more money paid for icebergs
and tornadoes; no more extravagant subsidies;
no more extravagant land grants to giant mo-
nopolies to build railroads into the wilderness,
and scatter population beyond thereach of roads
and schools and civilized society; the cutting
down of extravagant salaries instead of increas-
ingthem; dispensing with useless officers; col-
lecting tho revenue instead of wasting it—this
would improve our credit by diminishing our
debt instead of increasing it. More legislation
in this direction by those who talk of specie
payments so glibly would do more to bring it to
stay than propositions which, if adopted, would
sweep tlie country with the desolation that
marks the tornado's track.
It has become fashionable to ar'-ay for public
odium as opposed to specie payments several
classes, under the heading of ''those opposed
to specie payments," as follows:
First. They are the gold gamblers.
Second. The stock gamblers.
Third,. The men who sell their gold incomes
at a profit of forty per cent.
Fourth. The speculators who expectto real-
ize large fortunes by the fluctuation in prices
brought about by a depreciated currency.
Fifth. The debtor classes.
Let us for a moment, examine and see how
these classes stand upon this question.
1. The gold gamblers. Their occupation
would be gone. But wherein do gold gamblers
differ from produce gamblers or other classes
of speculators?
2. The stock gamblers. Why should they
oppose specie payments? It can make no
difference to them whether values are high or
low when prices are adjusted to the circulating
medium. Their profits oi losses would be rela-
tively the same. It is in the unsettling of values
their harvest comes, and hence all that class
would be for specie payments, except, as they
might be affected under the fifth head, ot
debtors.
