1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
891
and with the loyal population of our whole land ■
it was received as a promise ot'the Government, i
when it should possess the ability, to take it ti]>
from the- people in what, is recognized by the
civiHz«d and commercial world as dollars, gold
and silver; and good faith upon the part of the
Government to the holders of these promises
to pay requires that, she should, when she has
the ability, discharge these' obligations, and
which 1 believe 1 can show may be done within
the period of six years by a gradual process,
without contraction and without a financial
crisis.
The honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts says that he stands for the inconvertible
currency which fought our battles and saved
our country, which has been held by us as a
just equivalent for the blood of our soldiers,
the lives of our sons, the widowhood of our
daughters, and the orphanage' of our children.
I, sir, will stand in the advanced ground of my
distinguished and honorable friend from Mas-
sachusetts, and say that I am for making the
depreciated and heretofore inconvertible green-
back of more and enhanced value to the widow-
hood of our daughters and the orphanage of
our children by giving them what the Govern-
ment promised on its face and honor, dollar
for dollar, in the only recognized money of
the civilized and commercial world. When
that shall be done I have no objection to see
the greenback remain as a constituent part of
our circulation so long as it shall appear ne-
cessary to the commercial wants ofthe country.
But I want to see it appreciate to par, so that
the promises of my Government shall not be
hawked about in the offices of our money
changers at a discount of twenty-five and thirty
per cent. I desire, sir, to see the time when
the note bearing the stamp of my Govern-
ment shall be par in the money of the world.
National pride and national honor demand
this at the earliest period in which it can be
done. During the last, session of Congress a
funding bill was passec proposing the issue of
bonds, having thirty and fortyyearstorun, at a
lower rate of interest than the preseut out-
standing obligations of the Government. This
bill did not become a law, for want of the signa-
ture of the President of the United States.
Doubts Were entertained at the time of its pas-
sage by many as to the probability of bond-
holders funding™ the new loan. These doubts
I think now confirmed in fact that no funding
bill will prove effective for the conversion of
our present outstanding securities until we
shall on the part of the Government resume
specie payment, at least in part, at afixedtime,
with the ability to continue to full and com-
plete resumption without suspension, and that
this can be done I shall proceed hereafter to
show.
I do not at this time propose to discuss the
question as to what kind of money any portion
of our present bonded indebtedness shall be
paid in, and shall content myself with the fact
that the discussion as to whether we shall pay
the five-twenty bonds in currrency or coin is
entirely premature, for I entertain no doubt
but that long before these bonds shall mature,
whatever currency we may have, be it national
bank currency or legal-tender notes of the
Government, it will have appreciated to par,
and it is therefore not necessary as to what
kind of money payment shall be made in, I
cannot for a moment entertain the opinion
that a great, prosperous, commercial, and
manufacturing nation, numbering thirty-eight
million people, shall continue, to do business
upon a depreciated currency thirty-three per
cent, below par. Our future development
and resources, enhanced by the construction
of our railroads to the Pacific and increasing
immigration upon our western frontier, all for-
bid such a conclusion, and adding to this the
fact of the rehabilitation of the southern States
under the productive energy of free labor we
shall add largely to our store of wealth in the
increased production of cotton, anil the de-
velopment of the minerals of the South.
Mr. Chairman, I coreee now to t)je discussion
of the more important proposition, and one the
most difficult of solution. Can the Govern-
ment resume partial specie payment within a
reasonable time without a contraction of the
currency to any considerable extent, and con-
tinue so to do until full resumption without
suspension and a financial crash?
I answer, I am of the opinion it can be done
without detriment to the bnsiuess interests of
the country, and now proceed to give the
reasons why I entertain such opinion and the
facts upon which it is based.
By the last message ol' the President of the
United States transmitted to Congress, 1 find
the following taken from the gold statistics of
the country:
"The aggregate product, of precious metals in
tho United States from 1840 to 18(37 amounted to
$1,174,000,000, while for the same period tho net
exports of specie were $741,000,000. This shows an
excess Of product over not exports of $133,000.000.
Thero aro in tho Treasury $103,407,085 in coin; in
circulation in the States on the Pacific coast about
$-0,000,000, and a few millions in the national and
other banks—tn all less than $160,000,000. Taking
into coB-ideratiou the specie in tho country prior to
1819, nii'l that pioduced since 1867, and we have moro
than I300.000.000 not accounted for by exportation or
by tt'e returns of tho Treasury, and therefore most
probably remaining in the couutry."
And it is fair to suppose that the produc-
tion of gold from our mines for the last year
wa3 equal to our exports for the same period.
By the monthly statement of the Secretary of
the Treasury on the 1st day of January, 1869,
we have nearly one hundred millions of coin
in the Treasury ; this, with what coin remains
in the United States as indicated by the gold
statistics, would give us about three hundred
millions—nearly one half of the entire paper
circulation of the United States.
Now, sir, for what purposes is this coiu
required? First, to pay the interest on our
national debt; second, to be used for the re-
demption of our paper circulation, less what
may be required to pay balance of trade. Now,
it will be seen by the statement of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury on January 1 that there
were outstanding and in circulation in United
States notes $356,021,093, and fractional cur-
rency amounting to $34,215,71-5 64. It will
be seen, therefore, that the Government had
on hand in the Treasury of the United States
at that period coin amounting to over one
fourth of her paper circulation.
Now, sir, from this official statement when
and how can we resume specie payment within
six years without contraction aud a financial
crash? I answer by adopting the following
plan, in substance, for which purpose I design
to introduce a bill at the extra session of
Congress on the 4th of March ; first, author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury at some
fixed period, say on the 4tli of July, 1869,
to cancel $1,000,000 of the present outstand-
ing legal-tender notes as they shall come
into the Treasury for taxes or revenues to
the Government, and issue a like sum of sim-
ilar notes payable twelve months after date
in coin without interest, and let him repeat
this process weekly until all the outstanding
legal-tender notes shall be converted into coin
notes. This would require over six years to
complete in full resumption, unless the legal-
tender notes unconverted should appreciate to
par before that period. I would also make
these gold notes legal tenders to the same ex-
tent of the present ones from their date of
issue. This process would show that on the
4th of July, 1870, the Government will com-
mence the resumption of specie payment at
the rate of $1,000,000 per week, and continue
uutil all are redeemed, unless the redemption
of part would appreciate the residue to par.
1 believe, should such a policy be adopted
that before the Government would convert one
third of its present legal tenders into gold
notes, payable at the periods stipulated, the
residue would appreciate to nearly par. Such
would be the-confidence of the people in the
ability of the Government to continue this
gradual process of resumption covering a period
of six years, that I apprehend but little diffi-
culty would occur in finally arriving at a full
resumption long before the time fixed under
this policy. The first specie-required fo com-
mence resumption would be oil the 4th of July,
1870, and then but $1,000,000 per week lor the
period of six years, and the redemption of each
million in com wjmld appreciate the out,-stand-,
ing legal tenders in a corresponding ratio. So
that not more than $1,000,000 per week-could
be forced back on the;Government tor the
period of two years from the date of first issue,
preventing for this time any combination of
gold gamblers to embarrass the Government.
It may be urged as an objection to this plan
of resumption that the issue of these gold
notes at twelve months would have a tendency
to contract the circulation in the commence-
ment of resumption.
To nice* this objection I would authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue, if the
emergency should arise, an additional one
hundred .million of legal-tender notes in the
form of the present outstanding ones. 1 am -
of the opinion that, should the Government
commence resumption under this plap, such
would be the confidence restored in the ability
to complete in full the final resumption of
specie payments, that no such difficulty need
be anticipated. [ would make these gold uot.e3
at maturity receivable for duties on imports,
thus rendering the demand for coin for that
purpose less than at present, and not neces-
sitating their return for redemption in coin.
These notes should be made from their date of
issue a substitute for the reserve of the
national banks, thus placing into active circu-
lation seventy-five millions ofthe present legal
tender notes, now locked up hi the vaults of
the national banks, and which have never
been in active circulation, thus adding to the
expansion of the currency, that sum to coun-
teract any contraction which might occur.
The national batiks should be required by
legislative enactment to resume specie payments
so soon as the Government shall complete full
resumption, or to such an extent as to appre-
ciate t.o par the residue; and for the purpose
of placing them in a condition to do so without
detriment to the interests of the country, I
would require the gold paid to the national
banks from July 1 on the bonds of the United
States held as a collateral security for the re-
demption of their circulation to be retained in
the vaults of the banks'or Treasury of the U ni-
ted States in lieu of the legal tenders so held,
thus putting with a certainty the $75,000,000
of legal tenders into active circulation. This
would enable the national banks within three
years, and before $100,000,000 of the gold
notes would become due, to have in their vaults
$75,000,000 in coin with which to commence
resumption, which would be nearly one dollar
to three of circulation, which, by the experi-
ence of the past, was usually a safe basis for
the conversion of a paper currency into coin,
and which would enable them to continue suc-
cessful with the Government in the restoration
of confidence and prosperity of all the pursuits
and business interests of our wide expanding
empire.
These coin notes, after maturity and redemp-
tion in coin, might be kept in circulation by
their reissue from time to time, so long as the
interests of the country require them, as a part
of our circulating med ura. No sane man can
doubt but what the Government, with the
present gold in the Treasury and t.he accumu-
lation of coin derived from duties on imports,
would be amply sufficient to pay the interest
on the public debt; aud to meet these coin
notes maturing weekly for a period of over
six years the resumption would be so gradual
and sure that in no contingency eould it bring
upon the country a financial crash or contract
the currency to an extent seriously to affect
the business interests. I would not permit the
selling of any coin by the Government during
this period if a surplus should accumulate ill
the Treasury and it was not necessary to retain
all the accumulated coin. I would authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to anticipate and
discount before maturity the early ana w&tur-
