IS69.
TM®- CONGRESSIONAL GLG1K
im
in 'which he says that there is* ho law for the
appointment of a guardian, and therefore they
cannot be paid. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up and consider Senate
joint resolution No. 165, which simply author-
izes our courts to appoint guardians for these
children-.
There'being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 165) au-
thorizing the Commisisioner of Indian Affairs
to appoint guardians or trustees for - minor
Indian children who may be entitled to pen-
sions or bounties under the existing laws.
It recites that sundry Indians served in the
Federal Army, some of whom died in the ser-
vice and others leaving minor heirs ; and that
there is no provision of law fo:- these minor
Indians to obtaio'bounties, back pay, or other
benefits to which their ancestor was entitled.
It therefore proposes to empower the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs to appoint guard-
ians or trustees of any of said minors, and to
take bond and security for the performance of
such duties; and the guardian or trustee s6
appointed is to be authorized to collect from
the Government all such back pay, bounties,
or other rights to which the minors may be
entitled, and to expend the same for their use
and benefit.
The Committee on Indian Affairs reported
the resolution with an amendment to add to it
the following words:
With the consent and under the direction of any
court of record of the United States or of any Terri-
tory having jurisdiction at the place where such
minors may reside.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I move further to amend
the joint resolution in line eight by striking out
the words "other rights" and inserting the
word "pensions." It means pensions, and I
wish to have that word inserted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
REPORTS Off NATIONAL BANKS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to consider House bill No. 1881. It
was a bill that was called up the other day,
and objected to for the moment, in regard to
the returns of banks. It is a public measure
which ought to be passed at once.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose the Senator
wishes to proceed with it by unanimous consent,
so as not to displace the Army bill-.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not propose to dis-
place the Army bill.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the bill (H. R. No. 1881) regulating
the reports of national banking associations.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
an amendment pending reported by the Com-
mittee on E'inance, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
strike out all of the original bill after the
enacting clause and to insert:
That in lieu of all reports required by section
thirty-four of the national currency act every asso-
ciation shall make to the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency not less than five reports during each and every
year, according to the form which may be prescribed
by him, verified by the oath or affirmation of the
president, or cashier of such association and attested
"by the signature of at least three of the directors;
which report shall exhibit in detail and under appro-
priate heads the resources and liabilities of the asso-
ciation at the close of business on any past day to be
by him specified.and shall transmit such report to the
Comptroller within five days after the receipt of are-
quest or requisition thereforfrom him; and the report
of each association, in the same form in which it is
made to the Comptroller, shall be published in a
newspaper published in the place where such asso-
ciation is established, or if there be no newspaper in
theplace.thenin thoonepublishednearest thereto in
the same county, at the expense of the association;
and such proof of publication shall be furnished as
may be required by the Comptroller. And the
Comptroller shall have power to call for special
reports from any particular association whenever in
his judgment the same shall be necessary iu ortler
to a full and complete knowledge ef Its condition;
Any association failing to make and" transmit any
such report shall.be subject to a penalty of £100 for
each day after; five days that such bank shall
delay to make and transmit any report as afore-
said and in case any association shall d&l&y or're-
fuse to pay the penalty herein imposed.- when the
same shall be assessed by the Comptroller of the
Currency, the amount of such penalty may be re-
tained by the Treasurer of the United States, upon
the order of the Comptroller of the Currency, o u to f
the interest, as it may become due to the association,
on the bonds deposited with him to secure ■circula-
tion; and all sums of money colleeted for. penalties
under this section shall be paid into the Treasury of
the United States. - - ;
Mr. CORBBTT. Was there not an amend-
ment offered to that amendment by the Senator
from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes?]
The PRESIDENT^?™ tempore. The Chair
understood that the pending amendment was
the one reported by the committee.
Mr. CATTELL. The Senator from Iowa
offered no amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. -He talked about one-;
but I believe he did not propose any.
Mr. CORBETT. He proposed to offer an
amendment, and he spoke to me about it and
asked me, if he was not here when the bill
should be called up again, to modify it so as
to require reports three times a year instead
of five, in addition to the regular reports.
The Chief Clerk. When the bill was
last under consideration it was proposed to
amend the amendment in the first line by
striking out the words "lieu of" and to insert
"addition toso as to read "that in addition
to all reports required by section thirty-four,"
&c.
Mr. CORBBTT. I desire to modify that
amendment so as to require three instead of
five reports in addition.
Mr. CATTELL. I trust the amendment
offered to the amendment of the committee will
not prevail; and I will take just two minutes
to make a plain statement of this case. As the
law at present stands the banks are required
to make four quarterly statements upon given
days in the year. They are advertised of the
time when these statements are to be made,
and consequently can make their arrangements
so as to make favorable statements and not
give the actual running condition of the banks.
Besides, these quarterly statements create a
contraction and expansion of currency at four
different periods of the year and produce an
evil. The amendment of the Committee on
Finance provides that the Comptroller of the
Currency instead of four reports, as now, shall
call for five, on the condition of the bank upon
a day past, which will enable him to get the
actual running condition of the bank. It further
provides that in cases where he deems it neces-
sary he may call for reports from the banks
more frequently than five times per annum.
This alteration in the law has been recom-
mended by the Comptroller of the Currency in
two successive annual reports ; and 1 hold in
my hand a letter from him addressed to the
chairman of the Finance Committee to-day, in
which he calls attention to this bill, and says:
"This isa measure of great public importance, and
I hope, if nothing else passes relative to national
banks, this bill may succeed."
He approves it in this form. It was submit-
ted to him, and in his judgment it is the
wisest and best method of asking for the re-
ports from the national banks.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand that this is
to do away with the quarterly reports entirely.
Mr. SHERMAN. It substitutes five instead
of four reports.
Mr. CORBETT. It seems to me that quar-
terly reports are very necessary in order that
we may know at certain periods the condition
of the banks. We should give an opportunity
to the Comptroller to require additional reports
at any time he may see fit—say three times a
year. I think that would not be unreasonable.
These regular reports are necessary. I think
the suggestion was made by the Senator from
Iowa the other day, and very properly, that
under this proposition corruption might creep
into the office under some other Comptroller ;
tfca&if should happen t;o get-a Comptroller
who desired to favot-particular batiks he'
might inform-then} at what tiine he would eall
npott them for a report^ and Sn.t'uat way they
might be? specially favored .in that respect. I
have no particular feeling about this matter
myserif,- but I was requested fay the Senator
from Sowar in case he was not present when
this bill was called up again, to, modify his
amendment in that way so as to make it thsee
times additional; and I do not think it unrea--
sOnable.: ; I believe it to be a very good sug-
gestion. i
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment ter the. amendmeat was
regecte.d-
The PRESIDENT pre tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment reported by the
Committee on Finance.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
edr and the amendment was concurred in.
The.amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to- be.read -a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
CERTIFYING CHECKS BY NATIONAL BANKS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have another, bill from,
the House in reference to certifying checks by
national banks. I ask that that be taken up.
There being no objection, the Senate, as ia
Committee of the Whole, proceeded, to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1973) in reference to
certifying checks by national banks.
The Committee on Finance reported the bill
with an amendment to strike out in lines eight,
nine, ten, and eleven the words:
And }t shall be the duty of the officers of any national
bank certifying any check to enter the same to the
account against which it is drawn as if the amount
of such check had been paid in money.
And to insert in lieu thereof the words:
And any check so certified by dnly authorized
officers shall be a good and valid obligation against
such bank.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to hear the
bill read as it stands amended.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Be it enacted, &e„ That it shall be unlawful for any
officer, clerk, or a?ent of any national bank to cer-
tify any check drawn upon said bank unless the
person or company drawing said check shall have
on deposit in said bank at the time such check is
certified an amount of money equal to the amount
specified in such cheek ; and any check so certified
by duly authorized officers shall be a good and valid
obligation against such bank: and any officer, clerk,
or agent of any national bank violating the provis-
ions of this act shall subject such bank to the liabil-
ities and proceedings on the part of the Comptroller
as provided for in section fifty of the national bank-
ing law, approved June 3,1864.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
METROPOLITAN POLICE.
Mr. NYE. I ask the Senate to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 797. It is the bill regulating the
police of this city.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suppose it is
understood that all this business is done by
unanimous consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is all
done by common consent. Ihe title of the
bill proposed to be taken up will be read.
The Chief Clerk. "A bill (S. No. 797) to
amend and consolidate the several acts estab-
lishing and relating to a Metropolitan police
of the District of Columbia."
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is rather heavy
for to-night. I object. ...
Mr, NYE. Let it be laid aside informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
laid aside.
BLANTON DUNCAN.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to take up Sen-
ate hill No..9SS.
• The- motion was agreed to; and the bill <S 
No. 05S) for the relief of Blanton Duncan was
