18$),
THE • CONGRESSIONAL'. .GLOBE.
m
the United States given to actual settlers the
millions of acres granted to the Central rail-
road corporation, the road without the lands
would have received from all sources more pro-
fits than it has with the lands. Estimate the
yearly profits to the company from the freight
and passengers contributed by every well im-
proved quarter section, and compare with it the
gains derived from unimproved lands or their
ultimate proceeds. Sir, our best railroad stock
is in roads that have had no grants of lands.
They pass over the densely settled and highly
improved portions of our country, and are fully
employed at profitable rates. Their trains are
like the country over which they pass, laden
with products and people. I do not know what
is or will be the policy of the great corporations
that are constructing the Pacific and other land-
grant railroads, but I predict that they will find
a more profitable result by giving away these
lands to settlers and even transportation to
them rather than reserve them for high prices
and run empty trains. Sir, I may vote subsi-
dies, but I shall as soon vote the water and the
air and the freedom of the people to railroad
corporations as land. It has been contended
by gentlemen in. the debate upon this bill
that although its provisions arc or may be
applicable and proper for the tillable prairie
lands, they are not for the pine and mineral
regions of our country; that unless mill-own-
ers and operators in lumber can acquire large
areas from which to strip the timber they can-
not1 supply our markets with cheap lumber,
and they tell us our consumers of this article
must suffer the consequences. No one repre-
sents a constituency more affected by the
prices of lumber than myself, yet I will ven-
ture that we can bear the consequences that
will follow if the settler, by the policy of this
bill, makes his home upon the timber land
before it has been denuded of half its value
by the lords of the mills.
Let him have the lands with the timber upon
them rather than compel him to buy after they
are almost valueless. By the careful culture
arid sale of his timber he will keep "up a supply
for the mills, and find by the sale of his timber
compensation for the second grade of land it is
his fortune to locate upon. His pine logs and
poor land together may by industry and econ-
omy make him a valuable citizen. The labor
and supplies that the mill-owners now obtain
at great cost from distant points will be found
in constant supply near at hand, and ameliorate
the hardship that follows the end of land monop-
oly. The present policy wastes timber of our
forests, while it may enrich the mill-owners for
a time, but it will end in leaving large tracts of
land desolate and useless. The public lands
have too long constituted a fund for all sorts
of, combinations of men to scramble for
under a great variety of pretenses. They are
of right the properly of the people, to be
used for homesteads in harmony with the
rights of the many and with the best inter-
ests of the whole Republic.^ Sir, the Fortieth
Congress will achieve for itself and liberty a
happy immortality if it shall pass the Julian
land bill into a law, which forever devotes all
our domain to the sole use of homestead and
preemption ownerships. Let us say to the
jobbers, gamblers, and speculators and their
associates who drive away the people from the
privilege of tilling the soil, "Thus far shalt
thou cume, but no further ; here let thy proud
waves be stayed." Let us plant the yet unde-
filed portions of our country with intelligent
fanners, and thus accomplish reconstruction
and guaranty freedom. Thereafter no Ku-
klux fvlans will disgrace the age, and no slave-
gangs hasten totoil under the sting of the lash
or groan in bondage under lalided lords! The
time has fully come to do this auspicious duty.
A million of volunteer soldiers have just
Returned from fields of carnage and death upon
which the slave power was overthrown. We
weep at the lost of the treasure and the blood
by which it was accomplished. It was the work
of a lordly landmonger, who, after devouring
the domain of the South, attacked the patri-
mony of the people in the North. He is pros-
trate. Let us finish the work of his annihila-
tion by establishing upon'every tract of tillable
public domain, without cost to the occupant, a
homestead soldier—a postforfreedom 1 When
this is done civil war will cease, and equal
civil rights be enjoyed by all not only in theory
but in practice.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
make a few remarks this evening touching a
resolution which I have offered to the House,
and has been referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and which I hope will be re-
ported back to the House and passed. I do
not rise for the purpose of finding fault with
the subject on which I purpose speaking. I
know it is quite common, and has become rather
too common, I think, to assail the action of
Congress and the exercise of authority under
its acts. Congress has seen fit in times past to
authorize the construction of a railroad to the
Pacific ocean and various other roads in the
western country. It has seen fit to grant lands
and subsidies to aid in the construction of rail-
roads in those parts of the country where the
people were not able to build them. I have
nothing to say as to whether we have done too
much in that direction. I think we have ; but
that is not what I now propose to talk about.
But I do propose to call the attention of the
House to a subject touching these roads of
great importance to the House and to the
country at this time. It grows out of the fact
that Congress has made these appropriations,
and it is for the purpose of taking care of the
appropriations we have made and secure the
work we have desired by them that I shall
make these remarks.
I have said that I do not intend to assail any
road, but I do intend to state the facts. It
appears from the report made by the commis-
sioners sent to examine one of these roads—
the Union Pacific railroad—that a large amount
of means have been granted, much larger than
is necessary to build the road. The company
have already constructed more than eight hun-
dred and ninety miles. They are now at work
on the last part, and will soon have built the
whole eleven hundred and ten miles that they
are authorized to construct. It appears by the
report of Mr. Jesse L. Williams, a Government
director sent to examine that road, that it will
require to construct it $38,824,871. Thatwould
be $34,977 32 per mile for the eleven hundred
and ten miles, as follows:
Estimate,
Grading' and bridging 1,110 miles, including trestle-
bridging, also Howe truss-bridges and stone cul-
verts so far as built or commenced $10,1)81,492
Iron rails for 1,110 miles delivered on west
side river at Omaha, including six per
cent, of length in sidings  10,972,837
Spikes, chairs, fish-plates, switches, &cM
delivered at Omaha, for the same length
of road    1,018,923
Transportation of iron rails, chairs, spikes,
&o., from Omaha to the traek;laying
party, averaging near 550 miles, includ-
« ing hauling out ties from Omaha, Lar-
amie, and other points ot delivery, with
other miscellaneous transportation  2,228,069
Cross-ties for 1,110 miles, -with sidings as
above, delivered at Omaha, Laramie,
and other-points of distribution, about
33000,000in all, of which probably 1,850.000
are mountain pine, 150,000 cedar, 250,000
hard wood, and 800,000 cotton-wood  2,9-12,500
Track-laying 1,110 miles, as per contract,
including sidings and probable allow-
ance for delays .  1,160,000
Equipment on 1,110 miles, including roll-
ing-stock, shops, stations, &e., estimated
at same rate per mile as on first 710 miles, 0,438,000
Add cost of preliminary surveys and final
location from 1863 to 186S, inclusive, not
including land and town site surveys,
probably about  toQ,000
Add also for engineering and contingencies
on construction, general expenses, inter-
est on capital advanced at commence-
ment of the work, &c., say   2,000,000
Telegraph line l,ll0 miles, as it is being
built   o3o,oU0
total ,....$38,821,821
It.appears also that the Government has
provided of its own bonds for that work $29,-
504,000, and has authored the company^ to
mortgage tlje property of the company, which
mortgage is prior to the Government lien
upon it, to an amount equal to that furnished
by the Government. After dedacting eight
per cent, for discount on the sale of the first
mortgage bonds thus executed, the *whple
amount given by the Government will be
$56,047,680, as stated by Mr.Williams:
M For 1,110 miles of the road the cash value of the
Government bonds and the company's first mortgage
bonds, for which this subsidy forms the basis, may
be estimated as follows:
United States bonds, from Omaha to the eastern base
of the Rocky mountains, (JSiack Hill r-ange,) as
fixed by the President, 526miles, at £16,000..$8,416,J)0()
Ditto thence for 150 miles, at SiS.OOO 7,200,000
Ditto tor remainder of 1,110 miles, being
434 miles, at $32,000  13,888r.000
Total United States bonds bearing inter-
est at six per cent, in currency,   $29,504,000
Average per mile, $26,580.
" The company, as the road progresses, issues its
own first mortgage bonds to the same amount* These
six per cent, thirty year bonds, principal and interest
payable.in coin* are a prior lien to that of the Gov-
ernment,
"Estimating the Government bonds at par and the
company's first mortgage bonds at ninety-two per
cont., over all expense ot agencies and commissions,
the total cash proceeds amount to 856.617,680, aver-
aging per mile Sol,034.
44 The lands granted by Congress, whatever may be
their value, not in my judgment very large, are a
further bestowment from the Government."
That is an amount of $$1,034 per mile, so
that the amount appropriated by the Govern-
ment is largely more than enough to build the
road. That is one point to which I wish to
Gall attention. While that is the fact, I now call
attention to the report made by the commis-
sioners subsequently appointed to investigate
the matter, of whose ability to do that work I
k*iow nothing more than I do of the compa-
ny's own agents, but who were deemed able
enough to be appointed commissioners by^ the
Government to make the examination of the
company's work. (See Executive Document
No. 15, pages 14-aud 15.) It seems bythat
report that in the eight hundred and ninety
miles west from Omaha there is a deficit in
the construction of the road so severe that it
will require for its -complete construction as a
first-class road $6,480,550. That is to say,
while the Government has furnished more than
$51,000 per mile, and while it cost an average
of but $38,000 per mile for construction, there
is in the eight hundred and ninety miles a
deficiency in the work of nearly six and a half
million dollars.
The commissioners go on to show (Ex. Doc.
No. 15, pages 14 and 15) that taking the balance
of that road up to the eleven hundre^and tenth
mile-post, the deficit at the same ratio will be
$3,514,550 j or a total deficit upon the road of
310,005,100, as follows:
In estimating the " expenditure which will bo
required in order that the road, so far as built, may
be rendered equal to a fully completed first-class rail-
road," wo have considered each class of work repaired
in as much detail as circumstances and the aesne
expressed in our instructions thatour report be mado
with the least practicable delay" would allow, and
ia deciding on the probable amounts required, wo
have been governed by the results of our own obser-
vations, taken in connection withdata obtained trom
the profiles, maps, and other sources of intormaUou
derived from the company. The estimate is fol-
lows:
Changing locations to improve line and dimmish
curvation, at Block's Fork, Red Desert, lvawhu*,
ltock creek,RedButtes,Daleereek, Granitec:iiion,
and Hazard, not including cutting oft large bends
on Rock creek   s?~OQ,ouo
Completing embankments to full width,.nil-
ing trestle-works (6> miles) and riprapmg.. 240,000
Completing excavation of cuts to grade out
Black's Fork, fitter creek, &cM &e  20,000
Reducing grades between Omaha and Elk-
horn, to conform with condition on which
change of line was approved  245,000
525,000 cross-ties, to replace those of cotton-
wood timber, including transportation, re-
moval of old ties and placing new in track,
at 01....  525,000
Ballasting, including transportation, Hieing
track, placing material, surfacing and re-
adjusting track, and curving rails, 800 miles, 910,000
Carried forward  $2,140,000
