1869.
T3te ■ C0N&R1SSIOTAI/' GLOB®.
mm
Mr. CONNBSS. I am inclined to think
that that bill had better not be consSdgred to-
night. AM bills that propose to give the pos-
session of water in countries as dry and arid
as New Mexico had better be carefully con-
sidered. It is almost too late to-night to take
up a bill of this kind.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senator from Kan-
sas will allow me to call up a bill that was
reported from his committee, this morning.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Cal-
ifornia objects of course I cannot press the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I should have to object
to that,
Mr. POMEROY. I know that nothing can
be done except by unanimous consent. Objec-
tion being made, of course I cannot insist on
the motion.
sturgeon bay ship-canal.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senate to proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 707,
extending the time for the completion of the
Sturgeon Bay canal, reported this morning by
the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hendkicks.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That bill
will be taken up if there be no objection.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think that bill
has been returned from the printer.
Mr. COLE. That bill was only reported
this morning ; and I have been trying for some
time to call up a bill which has been up once
or twice before and can be passed in a few
moments.
Mr. HOWE. If you object of course I can-
not press it.
Mr. COLE. You will object to mine, I sup-
pose, if I object to yours.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is informed that that bill has been sent to the
printer and has not yet been returned.
safety of passengers on vessels.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate take up
for consideration and completion Senate bill
No. 247, which has been twice up and been
crowded off. It will take but a little while. It
is to secure the safety of passengers traveling
on vessels.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Oh, no. We cannot
pass that to-night.
Mr. COLE. There is no objection to it. It
will save hundreds of lives. If we had passed
it at the last session it would have saved hun-
dreds if not thousands of lives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ate must be aware that the Chief Clerk has had
a pretty heavy day's work and is wearied out
by this time.
Mr. COLE. I appeal to the humanity of
Senators to allow this bill to be taken up. I
am sure they cannot object to it. It is to save
human life. It will take but a few moments.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 247) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide for the better secur-
ity of the lives of passengers onboard of vessels
propelled in whole or in part by steam," and
for other purposes.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on an amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Nevada, [Mr. Nye.]
Mr. CORBETT. I call for the reading of
the amendment. If I remember it aright, it
designates a particular kind of patent, which I
think is improper to be added to this bill.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert as an additional section the following:
# And be it further enacted, That every vessel carry-
ing passengers shall supply each of her state-rooms
or one half of the berths in each state-room with
Holding's cork mattress.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know anything
about the merits of that proposition, nor would
I undertake to discuss it; but I recollect that
the other evening- the Senator from Nevada
[Mr. Nye} took a very decided interest in
favor of the proposition, and argued that the
safety of passengers' Would be Very consider-
ably promoted by its adoption.- I submit to
Senators whether- fre-©tight to-vote-it-down
when he is not in bis sent. I do not suppose
that he thought a bill 3f stieh great imp ortaace
would be brought up to-night.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 11 e was here a
moment ago.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state that I have
examined these mattresses since -the amend-
ment was offered. I discover that they will
probably have to take up about eighteen inches
more room and will have to raise the decks of
vessels in order^ to accommodate one of these
mattresses._ It is very hard and rounding, and
it will Require a mattress two or three times as
thick as one on the ordinary flats. This bill
provides for life-boats and rafts and other life
apparatus for the general safety; and this mat-
tress can be adopted under that provision if it
is deemed proper to do so by the board. If
the inspectors desire they can substitute this
mattress. There is nothing to prevent them
from doing so. This is a general provision. I
think it is improper in Such a bill as this to
designate a particular mattress. They have
had this mattress on exhibition in the room of
the Committee on Commerce in the House
and they declined, as I understand, to embrace
it in the bill there.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. McCREERY. I desire to offeran amend-
ment to the bill, which I send to the desk.
Mr. COLE. I hope my friend from Ken-
tucky will not insist on any other amendment
to this bill. It comprises now two simple sub-
jects, life-boats and rafts. One has a tendency
to make the vessel itself a life-preserver and
the other provides for the safety of the passen-
gers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Kentucky offers an amendment, which
must be read before it is discussed.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will with-
draw it.
Mr. McCREERY. I hope the gentleman
will not ask me to withdraw it until he hears it
read. This bill provides for the preservation
of life against drowning. I want to prevent
people from being burned up also.
Mr. COLE. The Senator stated to me the
other day what the amendment was, and there-
fore I knew its purport when I asked him not
to press it.
ThePRESIDENT^jto tempore. Theamend-
ment must be read before it is discussed.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to add as additional sections the following:
And be it further enacted, That sixty days from and
after the passage of this act all fire pumps, water
barrels and buckets, and other appliances required
by law for the purpose of extinguishing firo$ on
steamers plying upon the navigable waters of the
United States, shall be kept in perfect order and
ready for immediate use at all times and during all
seasons of the year, fl.nd that all stoves used on said
steamers sliall be well and securely fastened to the
decks thereof with iron bolts.
And be it further enacted, That it shall be unlaw-
ful for passenger steamers to carry as freight or use
as stores, exoept for the purpose of lubricating the
machinery thereof, any of the following-named arti-
cles, to wit: crude petroleum, naphtha, benzine, ben-
zole, or coal oil; and the officers or owners of any
such steamers, upon which any of the before-men-
tioned articles shall be found in violation of the pro-
visions of this act shall be requited to pay a fine of
not less than $500 nor more than $1,000 for each and
every offense, one half of which fine shall go to the
informer; and the United States circuit and district
courts shall have jurisdiction under this act.
Mr. CORBETT. I think this amendment
ought to be submitted to a committee for ex-
amination, in order that it may be attached to
some other bill, if there are no provisions of
this kind already in the law. I think there are
some provisions of law for preventing the car-
rying of some of those articles. I hope the
amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. McCREERY. I cannot see any possi-
ble objection to the adoption of this amend-
ment. This body certainly have time to con-
sider the merits of the proposition. We are
all well aware of the terrible accident that
occurred on the Ohio river not far below Cin-
cinnati, where the- America and the United
States came in conflict and nearly one hundred
lives were lost owing to the fact" that one of
those boats, or both of theta, were laden in
whole or i  jiart with petroleum. In that i«-
Stance the flames'communicated to the tops o#
those vessels m three or four seconds after the
fire commeneed, and the whole water for rods
around was in a blaze. I think that this prop-
osition that I have introduced is of more con-
sequence than the bill itself which the gentle-
men are pressing here, unless they much prefer
being burned instead of being drowned. I
cannot see why the two measures eannot go
together. I eannot See that there is any possi-
ble conflict between them. They are providing
for life-boats and life-preserving apparatus. I
cannot see why we may not at the same time
provide against destruction by fire. I trust
that the Senate will adopt the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported, to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Kentucky in reference to
his amendment, whether he has consulted
with any men engaged in transportation on
the Ohio river, whether it will not seriously
interfere with the business of the boats 1 It
seems to me that very much of the business
of those boats consists in the transportation
of some of the articles mentioned in that
amendment, though I am not particularly
acquainted with that business.
Mr. McCREERY. I will answer the gen-
tleman. The freight boats can do all that
business; and it is a well-established fact that
this article of petroleum cannot be carried on
passenger boats with safety. It eannot be
stowed in the hold of the boat. It will injure
whatever it comes in contact with. It must be
stowed upon the deck of the boat, and from
the leakage and other causes the decks will
become saturated. We all know that these
boats carry torches when they are approaching
a landing; we know the danger that may arise
from a spark ; and the whole deck of the boat
being saturated with this petroleum or ben-
zine the flames will communicate in a mo-
ment. Let not the lives of hundreds of people
be endangered from having our passenger
boats freighted with this article. Let this de-
scription of freight be transported on the
freight boats within sixty days from the pas-
sage of this act, as is proposed by my amend-
ment.
The amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed. The title was amended so as to read,
"A bill to provide for the better security of
the lives of passengers on board of vessels,
and for other purposes."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that
the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Satokday, February 27, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
credentials.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the credentials
of Hon. Hannibal Hamlin, elected by the Legis-
lature of Maine a Senator from that State for
the term commencing March 4, 1869; which
were read, and ordered to be filed.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, recommending an appropriation to
pay the expenses-of a delegation of the east-
ern Cherokees to Washington city ; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the-report of a special committee of the Ohio
Legislature, against the extension oftadniffslsy
jurisdiction by judicial construction over She
