TME GOJST(xRESSIOIsrAL GLOfiE.
February B7;
navigable waters of the interior of the country,
and in favor of congressional legislation to
restrict such jurisdiction to tide-waters and sea-
going vessels; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Jjldiciary.
PACIFIC! RAILROAD AND BRANCHES.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the consent of the
Senate to proceed to the consideration of Sen-
ate joint* resolution No. 202.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It requires
the unanimous consent of the Senate at this
time. Does any Senator object?
Mr. CONNESS.t What is it?
The Chief Clerk. "A joint resolution
(S. R. No. 202) more effectually to insure the
faithful completion of the Pacific Railroad and
its branches according to law." '
The PRESIDENT^jro tempore. Is there any
objection to the present consideration of the
resolution?
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the jointrosolution. It is a direction to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to reserve and withhold
from delivery to the Union Pacific Railroad
Company, and from each of the branches sever-
ally connected therewith, Governmentbonds to
the amount of S3,000 for each mile of railroad
of the company and each of its branches as a
security for the complete and faithful construc-
tion of the lines of railroad of each according to
the provisions of law; which bonds are to be
reserved and withheld until the President of the
United States shall certify and declare that the
line of the Union Pacific Railroad Company
and each of its branches have been respectively
faithfully completed according to the provisions
of law applicable to each; which certificate of
the President shall only be made upon the report
of commissioners appointed by him, not ex-
ceeding   in number, who shall make a
thorough and careful examination of each line
of raihoad after each company shall claim that
its road is fully completed; and the expenses
of such examination are to be paid by the rail-
road companies respectively.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to insert in line
five, between the words "and"' and "from,"
the word " severally." It is a verbal amend-
ment to make it more precise.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I also move to stiike out
the words " branches severally," in the sixth
line, and to insert the word " roads."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I also move to insert after
the word " therewith," in the sixth line, the
words "including the Central Pacific railroad
of California."
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to speak to that
amendment. In the first place, 1 will say that
this resolution came up in the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad very suddenly and was
reported without material consideration. The
general purpose that it has I favor, as I think
every legislator should; but I doubt very much
the fairness of the rule as proposed to be ap-
plied in the resolution. It proposes to with-
hold an arbitrary sum per mile from each of
the companies engaged in constructing the
Pacific railroad or any. of its branches as a
guarantee for the full and complete construc-
tion of their respective parts of the road, with-
out any reference to the difference in construc-
tion that may exist as to the work performed
by each or either of those companies. Therein
I think it is faulty, and very much so.; and I
confess that I should like to see it put upon
some other basis, that it should be put upon
the basis of the report to be made soon, or
that has been made, by authorized commis-
sioners appointed by the President to examine
the various roads and the estimates that they
have made of the sums necessary to make them
complete structures as contemplated by law;
or based upon the immediate examination by
a new board of commissioners to be appointed
by the new President as soon as he shall come
into office, so that each company shall be held;
asd if you please let no more bonds be issued
until that report is made to either of the com-
panies ; but when that report shall have been
made let it describe exactly by as near an es-
timate as can be the amount necessary to make
good by each company engaged in the con-
struction of the Pacific railroad its part of the
work, and then let such an amount be withheld
until the complete construction and acceptance
of the work. I cannot see any other rule that
would approach fairness in the premises or that
would give the Government the degree of pro-
tection that it requires.
What the United States want, as they have
contributed and generously to the building of
the Pacific railroad, is that the structure shall
be a complete one; that it shall be complete
for all the purposes of trade, for the safe transi-
tion of passengers and freight, and for all the
other uses for which it has been projected.
The guarantee they want and need is the guar-
antee that will secure that. There can be no
fairness, sir, in exacting a bond from you, you
having performed the whole of your duty, that
I shall perform the whole of mine; and this
resolution as it now stands before the Senate
contemplates just such a rule. I hope that the
Senate will give it fair consideration, and that
when it is passed upon finally it will give the
adequate and sufficient security that the Gov-
ernment should have.
Mr. COLE. This proposition, as I under-
stand it, is to withhold a certain portion of the
bonds due the several branches of the Pacific
railroad until an investigation may be had by
commissioners to be appointed to determine
whether there has been a compliance with the
obligations imposed by law oil those compa-
nies. It cannot escape the attention of Sen-
ators that there are already commissioners ap-
pointed by the Government to make examina-
tions of this work. They are required to report
upon the several sections of the road as they
are from lime to lime completed, as to the
quality of the road, and whether there has been
a strict compliance with, the law in its con-
struction. If these commissioners have failed
to do their duty the proper remedy, it seems to
me, is to remove them and appoint more faith-
ful commissioners. We shall gain nothing by
the appointment of another set of commis-
sioners, that I car. see, in the way of securing a
proper compliance with the law; and the reso-
lution which proposes to withhold a portion of
the subsidies from the railroads will certainly,
in my judgment, work a delay in the comple-
tion of the road and it will retard that great
work.
The companies engaged in it, I presume,
need whatever aid has been offered, and prob-
ably they have made their calculations upon
receiving that aid. If this is withheld it may
work serious postponement in the completion
of the work, and unless there is some better
reason than has been urged for the appoint-
ment of another set of commissioners I hope
it will not pass.
T have heard really no complaints against
the work so far as the California end of it is
concerned, unless it be merely vague rumor. I
do not know that there is any authentic, well-
grounded complaint against the Union Pacific
Railroad Company. If there is, as perhaps
the chairman of the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad knows better than any one else, let
the resolution goto that extent, but not to the
extent of impeding the work so far as it relates
to the other end of the road.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the present
resolution is the result of a consultation ou the
part of the Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
who had before them a report of a special
commission appointed by the President of the
United States in October last for the purpose
of examining the Union Pacific railroad so far
as it had been completed. The commission
consisted of General G. K. Warren, J. Blick-
ensderfer, and James Barnes. We all know
that General Warren i3 a very skillful engineer,
and he seems to have given the matter which
was intrusted to him very careful attention.
Among other inquiries submitted to him by the
240;0s6
20,000
President was one directing him to estimate
"the expenditure which will be required in
order that the road so far as built may be. ren-
dered equal to a fully completed firgt-class rail-
road." He examined the route from Omaha
westward to very near Cheyenne, and in an-
swering the inquiry, which I have just recited,
he states in his report, or rather the commis-
sion state in their report, as follows:
" In estimating the' expenditure which will he re-
quired in order that the road, so far as built, may bo
rendered equal to a fully completed first-class rail-
road,*we have considered each class of work required
in as mush detail as circumstances and the desiie
expressed in our instructions that our report be ih.ide
with the 'least practicable delay' would allow, and
in deciding on the probable amounts required.wo
have been governed by the results of our own obsex*
vations, taken in connection with data obtained from
the profiles, maps, and other sources of information
derived from the company. Theestiinate is as follow*:
Changing locations to improve line and to dimmish
curvation at Black's Fork, Bed Desert, Rawlins,
Rock creek, RedButtes, Dalecreek, Granite canon,
and Hazard, not including cutting off large bends
on Rock creek .u  $200,000
Completing embankmentsto full width; fill-
ing trestle-works (six and a half miles)
and ripraping 
Completing excavation of cuts to grade out
Black's i'ork. Bitter creek, &c., &c 
Reducing grades between Omaha and Elk-
horn, to conform with condition on which
change of line was approved  245,000
525.000 cross-ties, to replace those ol cotton-
wood timber, including transportation,
removal of old ties and placing new in
track, at one dollar  525.000
Ballasting, including transportation, lift-
ing track, placing material, surfacing and
readjusting track, and curving rails eight
hundred and ninetymiles  910,000
70 abutment and 26 pier foundations," in-
cluding excavating, piles, grillage, and
securing with riprap, at $1,500  144,000
30,480yardsmasonryin abutments and piers,
at $15   457,200
8,450 lineal leet Xlowe truss, namely, 49
spans of 150 feet, and 11 spans of 100 feet,
at $45   380,250
Supplying 121 openings of trustle-woik of
50 feet length and under, between Omaha
and North Platte, with permanent works
of masonry and girders, at $500  60,500
Supplying 254 openings of trestle-work ot
50 feet length and under, between iNorth
Platte and end of track, with permanent
works of masonry and girders, at $900..... 228,600
Supplying 184 openings of trestle-work av-
eraging 103 feet each, with permanent
structures of masonry and girders, or short
trusses, including foundations, at $1,500..
Renewing Dale Creek bridge, or replacing
same by embankment and arched watei-
way \ 100,000
Probable expenditure for additional water-
ways in Mary's creek. Bitter creek, and
other poinls notprovidedfor, and renew-
ing and enlarging stone culverts  100,000
60 new passenger locomotives for through
travel on opening of road, at $14.000  840,000
Thorough repair, say of one third of loco-
motives, used in construction and on hand
when road is opened, say 50 at $3,000
each  150,000
44 new passenger cars, for through travel
on opening ot road, at $6,000   264,000
30 baggage, express,andmailcars, at$3,800.. 114,000
500 box freight cars, at $900  450,000
50additional locomotive stalls, at S4.0!)0   200,000
Completing shops at Cheyenne, additional
fchops at Br>an, and enlarging shops at
Omaha, with tools for Cheyenne, Rawiins,
and Bryan   350,000
Additional water stations and probable ad-
ditional expenditure to securefull supply
of water between Rawlins and Bitter
creek 
Additional station buildings  /o-OOO
Additional snow fences  n'nn
Additional fencing against stock  30,000
Total $6,489,550
It will be recollected by Senators that their
charter requires them to make and complete
the road in the manner of a first-class railroad.
It seems to me that if there be such a deficiency
as is here stated by the commission—nearly
six million five hundred thousand dollars—it
is high time the attention of Congress was
called to it, and that we ought to enact some
laws to sccure to the Government the per-
formance of those conditions of the charier
which we imposed upon the company, in order
to obtain a first-class railroad, which is the
railroad they are bound to build.
Now, sir, the present resolution simply re-
quires the Secretary of the Treasury to retain
the sum of $3,000 per mile oat of the cash
subsidy which is to be granted to the Pacific
Railroad Company and its braBehea .by >ts
276,000
