1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
mt
charter, as a security for the final completion
of such roads as they are bound to construct
by their charter. Jt seems to me that this is
not a very-great amount of security for the
Government to retain to secure the great object
which we have in view. We have no dispo-
sition to oppress the company or any of its
branches. The Senate will recollect that the
company is entitled upon a part of this route
to a cash subsidy of $16,000 a mile ; on other
portions of its route $32,000 a mile; and on
other portions, which are the most mountain-
ous portions of the route, $48,000 a mile.
It seems that thus far the road has not been
completed and finished according to the terms
of the charter; and I think the country may
well require that a certain portion of these
bonds shall be withheld until the perfect com-
pletion of the lines in the manner prescribed
by the law; and that is only $3,000 a mile.
It seems to me this retention cannot very seri-
ously injure the credit of the companies. It
is, however, for the Senate to say. I am sim-
ply doing my duty as the organ of the commit-
tee who recommended this joint resolution.
The joint resolution provides that there shall
be appointed by the President to ascertain
whether the road is completed or not another
commission consisting of persons. I move
to fill that blank with "three." I think that
will be sufficient.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. Is there any report in regard to
the Central Pacific road before the commit-
tee which induced them to couple it with the
other road?
Mr. HOWARD. In answer to that question
I beg to say to the honorable Senator that no
such report has come to my knowledge as yet;
but I understand the commission appointed last
fall have prepared their report or have it in
the course of preparation. What may be the
fact as to that I really cannot say. I think,
though, no report upon that end of the line
has been formally made.
Mr. CONNESS. I answer by saying there
was such a report made. The substance of it
was sent by telegraph here. I have little
doubt that the official report is now received
in due course of mail and accessible to the
committee. The report of the commission,
which was composed of very distinguished
men, who examined the Central Pacific rail-
road was that it would require to make it a
first-class road between three and four hun-
dred thousand dollars. The report made by
the commission with which General Warren
was connected, and from which the chairman
of the Pacific Railroad Committee has read,
stated that it would require between six and
seven millions to make the Union Pacific road
good. Now, what this resolution proposes is
to exact a security of less than one half that
which the commission report would be neces-
sary to make the Union road a first-class road,
but to exact from the Central Pacific company
a security five times as large as the commis-
sion reported would be necessary to make
their road a first-class road. I submit that
there is no fairness in that; and I think the
committee bad better take this resolution and
view it in the light of both reports, as the
other report must necessarily be here now,
and the telegraphic transcript of it is at the
Interior Department and obtainable ; and they
can amend the resolution consistent with the
acts. I wish to say very distinctly that I am
n favor of the exaction of the greatest
amount of s-ecurity of each and all of these
companies, so as to secure their making a
first-class road, and to that end in favor of
withholding bonds.
Mr. WILSON. When this resolution 
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me, if this resolution is to lead to debate I
must interpose. I desire very much to get a
vote, in the morning hour to-day, on House
.bill No. 1744, to strengthen the public credit
and relating to contracts for the payment of
coin. I trust Senators will allow me to take
jt up and to get a vote on it, because it is very
important.
Mr. WILSON. I was going to suggest that
this resolution be recommitted for tbe purpose
of putting it in the shape suggested by the Sen-
ator from California, to have a future investi-
gation and have this thing done properly and
right. I am in favor of taking security for every
mile of the road, central and eastern, wherever
it is needed; and I think we ought to have.a
thorough investigation of the matter, for Ihave
no faith in the management of the Department
of the Interior in regard to this road from the
beginning, and time will show that I am right.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will move that the pend-
ing order be postponed 
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will permit
me, I will make a motion to recommit the joint
resolution to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will be the same
thing. There is no use in recommitting the
resolution at this period of the session. I move
to postpone all prior orders and take up House
bill No. 1744.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to say one word.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senator will
allow me to take up this bill and have a vote
upon it.
Mr. HOWARD. I have been endeavoring
to call up this resolution, which to my nftnd is
a very important ope, and to have action upon
it ever since the report was made, which was
on the 22d of January last.
Mr. CONNESS. Why not recommit it and
let the committee have the whole subject under
consideration ?
Mr. HOWARD. The country is looking with
great anxiety toward this Uuion Pacific rail-
road. I have endeavored to do my duty in
regard to it. If the Senate now recommit the
resolution to the committee it will not of
course be my fault; I ask the attention of the
Senate to it. If it is recommitted it is clear
that nothing will be done on the subject at this
session of Congress, nor during this present
year.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator prefers
to have the resolution recommitted without
further debate I have no objection to that.
Mr. HOWARD. I am opposed to its recom-
mitment. I think we ought to pass the resolu-
tion now.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe my motion is in
order. I move to postpone all prior orders
and to take up the bill I have indicated.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator will
allow me to say a single word. I simply desire
to say that my purpose in moving to recommit
is that the resolution may be reported on Mon-
day morning.
Mr. HOWARD. That is impossible.
Mr. CONNESS. It is not impossible, for
we can get those reports. That is all I have
to say.
Mr. CRAGIN. I hope the motion to recom-
mit will not prevail. li'anything is to be done
with this resolution it ought to be done now.
Mr. CONNESS. There is no motion of that
kind pending.
The PRESIDENTproiewyjore. The motion
is to postpone the resolution until to-morrow.
Mr. CRAGIN. That question is debatable,
I believe.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly.
Mr. CRAGIN. Unless this resolution is
passed now these roads will be built and com-
pleted and the bonds all paid over. Unless
this Congress acts on this resolution and with-
holds the bonds from these companies they
will very soon have them in their pockets and
be beyond the control of Congress. It is a
matter of great importance, and I think it
should be acted upon, and that promptly. I
hope it will not be recommitted.
Mr. THAYER. I hope it will be postponed,
for I have something to say upon it. I desire
to state one fact—I am not going to take time—
in behalf Of the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany. They have already deposited with the
Government bonds to theamountof $3,000,000i.
Mr. HOWARD. What kind of bonds?
Mr. THAYER. Bonds such as the Gov-
ernment accepted as security for the comple-
tion of this first-class road.
, The PRE 81D E NT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing the present and all prior
orders for the. purpose of considering the bill
indicated by the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 24, noes 10.
SUFFRAGE CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
Mr. STEWART. With the permission of"
the Senator from Ohio I offer the following
resolution, in order to send the constitutional
amendment to the Secretary of State, and ask
for its present consideration:
_ the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring.) That the President of the United
States be requested to transmit forthwith to the
Executives of the several States of the United States
copies of the artic!e.of amendment proposed by Con-
gress to the State Legislatures to amend'the Consti-
tution of the United States, passed February 26,1869,
respecting the exercise of the elective franchise, to
the end that the said States may proceed to act upon
said article of amendment, and that he request the
Executive of each State that may ratify said amend-
ment to transmit to the Secretary of State a certified
copy of such ratification.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to that resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it goes over.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, to whom was
referred the resolution in relation to lighting
the Senate Chamber, ask to be discharged from
its further consideration, simply for the reason
that there is no time to attend to it at this
session.
The committee was discharged.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to make a
verbal report from the joint committee (so far
as that part of it which was raised by the Sen-
ate is concerned) to equalize the pay of the
employes of the two Houses. I wish to state
on behalf of the committee on the part of the
Senate that the joint committee had one meet-
ing, not a full meeting however on the part of
the House, and agreed on a plan of action. In
accordance with that understanding a bill waa
drawn early in the last session, as early as the
month of April, in full, so far as the Senate
committee was concerned, with regard to the
employes of the Senate, and handed to the
chairman of the committee on the part of the
House. From that committee we have never
heard until within two or three days, when we
obtained the papers and also a bill drawn by
the chairman of the House committee, which
he said he had not submitted to Ilia committee
nor had an opportunity to submit because he
could not get them together.
I state this in justification of the committee
on the part of the Senate, who acted early on
the subject. I simply wish to say that under the
circumstances, as there-is no possibility of hav-
ing any joint action or coming to any conclu-
sion, the committee on the part of the Senate
desire to be discharged by the Senatefrom the
further consideration of the subject.
Mr. POMEROY. It exhibits the folly of
having joint committees on any subject. The
Senate should have passed its bill and sent it
to the House.
The committee was discharged.
Mr. ROBERTSON, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
members of the Legislature of South Carolina,
praying for aid to the Sisters of Mercy in
Charleston, Sonth Carolina, in rebuilding an
orphan asylum, asked to be discharged from
its farther consideration ; which was agreed to.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WELCH asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 241) to restore R. L. May to
the-Navy; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on-Naval Afiiaars.
