1648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
3BBSSAQB FROM THE HOUSE.
A mjessage from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPatERSON, its Clerk, announced
that the Hbuse had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. 'No. 1672) making appropria-
tions for' the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1870; and
A bill (H. R. No 2008) in addition to an act
entitled "An act to relieve from legal andpolit-
ical disabilities certain persons engaged in the
late rebellion," approved July 27, 1868.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills j and they were thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 1821) granting a pension
to Mrs. Susan Carson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1434) granting a pension
to William M. Simpson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1586) granting a pension
to Mrs. Naomi Adams ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1600) granting a pension
to Mary li. Brown ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1632) granting a pension
to Joseph M. Hudson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1903) granting a pension
to Charles Mains, of Tennessee ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1917) granting a pension
to Charlotte Webster, widow of Timothy Web-
ster, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 1918) to increase the pen-
sion of William H. Johnson;
A bill (H. R. No. 1919) granting back pen-
sion to Edmund W. Wandall, of Wilbesbarre,
Pennsylvania;
A bill (H. R. No. 1920) granting a pension
to Katharine Dreyer, widow"of Sylvester
Dreyer, deceased, late private' m company
H of the tenth regiment Minnesota volun-
teers ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1921) granting a pension
to Katharine O'Conners, widow of Timothy
O'Conners, deceased, late private company C
of thirty-third regiment Massachusetts volun-
teers :
A bill (H. R. No. 1922) granting a pension
to Mary J. Hutton, widow of John C. Hutton,
deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 1923) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Radigan, widow of John Radigan,
deceased, who was a private in company A of
the forty-ninth regiment Pennsylvania volun-
teers ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1924) granting a pension
to John A. Parker, a soldier in the war of 1861;
A bill (H. R. No. 1925) granting a pension
to Clarissa K. Grant;
A bill (Hj R. No. 1926) granting a pension
to Ann Smith ;
A bill (H.'R. No. 1927) granting a pension
to Harriet M. Mills, widow of Samuel J. Mills,
deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 1929) granting a pension
to Juliet E. Hall';
A bill (H. R. No. 1931) granting a pension
to Jacob Higgins;
A bill (H. R. No. 1932) granting a pension
to John M. Flynn ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1933) granting a pension
to Henry Riemann ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1934) granting a pension
to Mahala M. Freeman;
A bill (H. R. No. 1935) granting a pension
to Charles H. B. King)
A bill (H. R. No. 1936) granting a pension
to Mary Ann Shurlock;
A bill (H. R. No. 1937) granting a pension
to Lucinda Pangle;
A bill (H. R. No. 1938) granting a pension
to Julia A. Fisher;
A bill (H. R. No. 1939) for the relief of John
Gestiger;
A bill (H. R. No. 194fi) granting a pension
to Cyrus Hall; . •
A-bill (H. ii, No.-1941) granting a pension
to Betsey S. Jackman;
A bill (H. R. No. 1942) granting a pension
to Lucinda A. Wilder ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1943) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Lieutenant
Richard H. Allen ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1944) granting a pension
to Bridget Hayes;
A bill (H. R. No. 1945) granting a pension
to Sarah A. Scherr;
A bill (H. R. No. 1946) granting a pension
to Mary A. Amer;
A bill (H. R. No. 1947) granting a pension
to Catharine S. B. Spear ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1948) granting a pension
to Nancy Reed;
A bill (H. R. No. 1949) granting a pension
to James H. Maguire ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1950) granting a pension
to Richard Look;
A bill (H. R. No. 1951) granting a pension
to Martha E. McKinney ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1952) granting a pension
to Matilda Carney ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1953) granting a pension
to John R. Ray ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1954) granting a pension
to Maria Walters ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1955) increasing the pen-
sion to William J. Patten ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1956) granting a pension
to Lorenzo Day;
A Bill (H. R. No. 1957) granting a pension
to Rachel C. Floyd ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1958) granting a pension
to Allen B. Rector ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1959) granting a pension
to Edward W. White :
A bill (H. R. No. 1960) granting a pension
to Ellen Green ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1961) granting a pension
to Sarah A. Wilcox ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1962) granting a pension
to William McDonald ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1963) granting a pension
to Emily H. Gardner ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1971) granting a pension
to Jacob S. Baker ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1599) making appropri-
ations for the naval service for the year end-
ing June 30, 1870.
amendments to appropriation bills.
Mr. Tickers, Mr. Fessexdex, and Mr.
Howe submitted amendments intended to be
proposed to the bill (H. Ii. No. 1672) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, |
and judicial expenses of the Government for !
the year ending June 30, 1870; which were j
referred to the Committee on Appropriations. I
Mr. POMEROY submitted an amendment i
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. 11. Xo.
1911) making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service of
the Government for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1869, and for other purposes; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1672) making appropri-
ations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1870, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
The bill (H. R. No. 2008) in addition to an
act entitled "An act to relieve from legal and
political disabilities certain persons engaged in
the late rebellion," approved July 27, 1868,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. CONNESS submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to report to the Senate a copy of the report
of the commissioners appointed to examine the Cen-
tral Pacific railroad and to determine what amount
of money is necessary to make th© stuiio a, first-class
railroad.
SAFETY OF PASSENGERS .ON VESSELS.
Mr. NYE. I desire to enter a motion to re-
consider the vote by which the Senate passed
the bill (S. No. 247) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide for the greater security of
the lives of passengers on board of vessels
propelled in whole or in part by steam, and
for other purposes."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion will be entered.
Mr. NYE. If the bill has been sent to the
other House I desire to have it recalled.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be sent for to the other House if no objec-
tion be made.
THE PUBLIC CREDIT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
mentioned, called up on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, being House bill No. 1744, to
strengthen the public credit and relating to
contracts for the payment of coin, is no w before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill provides in the first section that in
order to remove any doubt as to the purpose of
the Government to discharge all just obligations
to the public creditors, and to settle conflicting
questions and interpretations of the laws by
virtue of which such obligations have been con-
tracted, it is hereby provided and declared that
the faith of the United States is solemnly
pledged to the payment in coin, or its equiva-
lent, of all the interest-bearing obligations of
the United States, except in cases where the
law authorizing the issue of any such obliga-
tion has expressly provided that the same may
be paid in lawful money or other currency than
gold and silver; but before any interest-bear-
ing obligations not already due shall mature or
be paid before maturity the obligations not
bearing interest, known as United States notes,
shall be made convertible into coin at the
option of the holder.
The second section declares that any con-
tract hereafter made specifically payable in
coin, and the consideration of which may be
a loan of coin or a sale of property, or the
rendering of labor or service of any kind, the
price of which as carried into the contract,
may have been adjusted on the basis of the coin
value thereof at the time of such sale or the
rendering of such service or labor, shall be
legal and valid, and may be enforced accord-
ing to its terms; and on the trial of a suit
brought for the enforcement of any such con-
tract proof of the real consideration may be
given.
The Committee on Finance reported the bill
with an amendment to strike out in line nine
of the first section the words " interest-bear-
ing," and also to strike out the proviso at the
end of the first section in the following words:
Provided, however, Thatbefore any of said interest-
bearing obligations not already due shall mature or
be paid before maturity the obligations not bearing
interest, known as United States notes, shall be made
convertible into coin at the option of the holder.
Mr. DAYIS. I move to recommit this
bill to the Committee on Finance, with instruc-
tions in lieu of it to report a bill embodying
the following propositions:
Fifrt, That ?old and silver coin is the measure and
the par established by the world and adopted by the
Constitution ot the United States for all property,
values, debts, and other pecuniary liabilities; and
the Government of the United States having, on the
sale of the bonds which constitute the bulk of the
national debt, received greatly less, when measured
by the par of gold and silver coin, than their nominal
amount, said bonds should be discharged by the
payment in coin of their value by that par at the
days they were respectively sold by the Government;
and the future interest upon said bonds should bo
reduced to four and a half per cent, per annum on
their value as aforesaid, payable in coin. , . .
Second, That all otherdebts am! pecuniary liabill-
tiescreatedor incurred since the issue of legal-tender
notes, and which do not express to be payable in
sold or silver coin, were contemplated and intended
by the parties to be met and paid in currency; and
on the general resumption of specie payments such
debts and liabilities should be discharged by the
payment in gold or silver coin of their value by that
par when they become due and payable.
Third, That the annual expenditures of the Gov-
ernment should be reduced within the following
general scale: for the eivilservice, $45,000,000; Pen-
sions and Indians, $30,000,000; Department of VV«.
525,000,000; Novy Department, $20,000,000; coating'oft
ciesand miscellanies,$10,000,000; ami intere^t'onthe
public debt, $50,000,000; and the 1 1  ' *"
