THE "CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2f,
absolutely by the Government, and when it
establishes A reasonable rate of interest there
is no injustice to its debtor. Four and a half
per cent, on long bonds would be fair and just
to the holders of our public debt.
There are four modes of dealing with the
national debt by Congress:
1. To pay the nominal amount of the bonds
in gold and silver coin.
2. To pay them with greenbacks.
8. To pay their gold value with coin.
4. To repudiate them.
The first would be to give to the bondholders
an enormous amount more than they are enti-
tled to by the plainest principles of justice and
equity, and would perpetuate upon the people ;
a most oppressive burden of taxation. The
second would expand largely and continue in-
definitely a depreciated paper currency, a curse
that always undermines the morals and blights
the prosperity of a people. The third would
avoid this spurious paper currency, liquidate
the bonds by the standard of every civilized
age and country, gold and silver coin, secure
to the public creditors all which they can right-
fully claim, relieve the people of a large por-
tion of their taxes, and with a wise and eco-
nomical administration of the Government ;j
insure the payment of the national debt and ;
bring the country back to a general and early j<
resumption of specie payments, when a ejrcu- i1
lation consisting of gold and silver coin^and
paper always convertible into it, would repre-
sent every pecuniary transaction of society and
be the measure of all values. This is the med-
icine required by the diseased condition of our
monetary affairs, public and private, and unless
it be administered the fourth alternate, repu-
diation of the national debt attended with
great derangement in business and widespread
distress, becomes a necessity.
I have stated all the modes proposed or prac-
ticable of disposing of the public debt; and the
one which I advocate seems to me to be clearly
the most eligible. It would be in harmony,
too, with a just and easy liquidation of private
debts. Where there is an absence of expres-
sion that the debt is to be paid in gold or silver
the parties to every pecuniary obligation made
since a greatly depreciated paper has been the
only circulation, contrasted with reference to
such circulation and intended and understood
that in it all debts were to be met and dis-
charged. The great mass of such debts were
without any question paid in such currency as
or soon after they were contracted, andif upon
the general resumption of specie payments the
parties themselves do not liquidate the residue,
the chancellor, on being invoked, would hold
them to be paper currency obligations, ascer-
tain their value at maturity in gold and silver
coin, and decree their extinguishment upon the
payment of such value.
It would be less onerous upon both govern-
ment and people to have their debts treated as
paper currency debts, and to discharge them
by the payment of their value in gold and sil-
ver coin, than to pay their nominal amount in
that currency; for the latter operation would
make it impossible to resume specie payments
until some time after it should have been ac-
complished, and would thus long continue the
general paralysis of industry and business,
while that resumption would greatly energize,
expand, and increase them, and thus augment
the resources of government and people. The
value in'gold of paper debts could be obtained
after resumption with more facility and cer-
tainty than the whole nominal amount of those
debts in the paper currency could be before ;
and thus the resumption of specie payments
which would so greatly promote the general
prosperity, would be also beneficial to all debt-
ors, whether government or people.
We have seen that the interest at the pres-
ent rates upon the nominal amount of the in-
terest-bearing bonds of the United States is
more than one hundred and twenty-one million
dollars in gold and silver coin annually, and
that, the just and equitable reduction of the
principal and interest of those bonds which I
have suggested wonld save to the Government
$66,356,978 of that sum. The Secretary of the
Treasury estimates the receipts from customs,
which are payable in gold and silver coin,
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1870, at
$160,000,000, which would leave an excess,
after paying the interest on the public debt,
of $105,334,541 in gold. With that amount,
or anything near that amount of annual surplus
of gold from the customs, the Government
could come easily and speedily to the resump-
tion of specie payments itself and aid all sol-
vent banks and individuals to achieve the same
result without material detriment to any, but
with great benefit to all-
But I propose not only the saving of upward
of $66,000,000 of interest annually by this
liquidation of the public debt and reduction of
interest upon it, but also that there shall be
such retrenchment in the civil servce of the
Government as will reduce the expenditures
from $50,000,000, the Treasury estimate, to
$45,000,000; and in the War Department from j
$75,000,000 to $30,000,000. Thus, in the |
interest on the public debt a saving of $66,356.-
978, in the civil service of $5,000,000, and in
the War Department of $30,000,000, making
an aggregate of $111,356,978, one third of the
total amount of the taxes of the people of the
United States. That this estimated saving on
the public debt can be easily and justly made j
is manifest: and as to the other two heads the
end is not less certain. In the civil service
there are a great many items of expenditure I
that might be wholly cut off without any detri
ment to the public interest, and many more :|
where the amounts might be advantageously ;i
reduced. A retrenchment of $5,000,000 in an ;j
expenditure of $50,000,000 in times of such ;l
extravagance and profligacy as the present is 11
very moderate; a skillful and willing knife ,j
could cut much more with healthful results to ij
the body-politic. <j
As to the Military Department the practica- |'
bility and necessity for retrenchment and reform !
is palpable. An appropriation of $75,000,000 j
to the Army in the present condition of the |
country is enormous, and must cover future sin- ;
ister purposes. For many years before the ;
rebellion the regular Army had not reached ;
seventeen thousand men, rank and file, and for !
1860 the appropriations to the Military Depart- j
ment were $15,694,790, and for 1861 '.vere ;
$16,090,941, and in both years for every !
branch of the service. The great resources of ■
our country and the warlike qualities of our i
people so signally demonstrated to and now ]
acknowledged by the world, with the practice I
of justice and moderation by the Government, |
j will give us immunity from collisions of arms '
! with all foreign nations. The Indian tribes
I within our borders and upon our frontiers are '
! generally yielding in their long and obdurate j
j resistance to our policy toward them ; and the i
' prospect is certain that they will make no more
; serious outbreaks and in the future cause us
but little expenditure of money, except in tsjach-
j ing them the arts of civilized life, and for that
j but a reasonable and moderate amount. Af'ri-
j can slavery no longer exists, and the States
: which rebelled in assertion of the principle of
secession have renounced it forever and ac-
cepted, and now desire to perpetuate, negro
suffrage. Between those and the other States
there is no longer any differences of institutions
to produce future civil wars, and they acknowl-
edge the supreme authority of the United States
under the Constitution and are obedient to
their laws.
There is no more cause for an army or the
presence of soldiers in the southern than any
other States; and nowhere in the United States
except on the Indian frontier are they required
for any proper purpose but to tenant forts and
posts and guard military property. There nevor
was less necessity than now for a regular Army
in our country ; and the gigantic national debt
and the load of taxation upon the people under
j which they are staggering cry aloud for large
!i retrenchment in our Army expenditures, and
II there is no proper consideration to delay it.
The strength of the Army should be lefes than
it was before the war. Twenty thousand men,
rank and file, would give an excess of force:
and $30,000,000 ought to cover every dollar of
expenditures iu the military department of the
Government. The retrenchments I suggest
would leave the Treasury estimates for the
next year's expenditures thus: for the civil
service, $45,000,000; pensions and Indians,
$30,000,000; Department of War, $35,000,000;
Navy Department, $25,000,000 ; and interest
on the public debt, $55,000,000; making an
aggregate of $190,000,000. And the Secretary
estimates the produc® of the revenue for the
same period to be $3^7,000,000, which shows
an excess of receipts over expenditures of
$137,000,000. But the great and just reduc-
tion of the principal and interest of the na-
tional debt, the retrenchments thecivil service
and War Department, the practice of a gen-
eral and judicious economy in the expenditures
of the Government, the release of the people
from more than one hundred million dollars of
their taxes, wisely and honestly adjusted, and an
early resumption of specie payments l>y Gov-
ernment and people would give such great im-
pulse to industry and production that the excess
of revenue would make good the $100,000,000
of taxes withdrawn from the people and' yet
leave a surplus of more than that amount.
Each year would bring its increasing aggrega-
tion to individual and national wealth, general
and permanent prosperity would be established
on a sound foundation, and the payment of the
public debt would be put beyond all question.
Mr. President, the pecuniary situation of
the nation is but the aggregation of the situa-
tion of the individuals who compose it; and
consequently the laws and conditions of the
prosperity or adversity of both are essentially
the same. If an individual is industrious and
frugal, makes more than he consumes, buys
and sells at fair prices, pays and receives in
gold and silver coin or equivalent paper, and
is not in either operation defrauded and plun-
dered by a spurious circulating medium, and
owes no debt to eat up with interest and usury
his surplus earnings, he is prosperous and may
: become rich. The nation is not in that happy
I condition ; and it is the object and would be
j the effect of the combined operation of the
[ several measures which I propose, within a
! reasonable time, to get back to it. The action
i of each one would be to aid all the others to-
' ward this consummation. The large reduc-
i tion of principal interest on the public debt
i would allow the withdrawal of a very large
amount of taxes from the people, which would
be so arranged as to materially lessen the cost
of subsistence and of many crude articles that
| enter into our manufactures and mechanic art.s
i and proportionably to cheapen all products ot
| the field and the shop.
The resumption of specie payments would
I not increase the value or the burden of debts,
! public or private, but it would bring all labor,
merchandise, property, and values to be meas-
ured by gold, the standard of the world, estab-
lished for many centuries, and before which
every competing standard has heretofore and
must hereafter speedily fall. Pure gold is
counted at twenty-four carats, and where there
1 is alloy the amount of the genuine present
| metal is ascertained by that standard through-
out the commercial world, and is so every-
where received. The interests of labor and of
every legitimate business demand that there
shall be a sound and uniform currencyand
all communities from which it is banished will
thereby be subjected to illicit and heavy bur-
dens. The industry of nations is now largely
competitive and is daily becoming more so.
The people that have a sound gold circulation
have as much advantage in this contest over
another which has a vicious paper circulation
as one man possessing a healthy, life-giving
blood would have in a long personal contest
over another whose diseased and slpwly-.coi}rs-
ing fluid was the sure precursor of deatti. .The
crowning achievement of the system, which I
propose would be to renew the industrial ana
