THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
Mr. .EDMUNDS. - I merely wish to say that
I;J ave 'hot. personal information of &py abuse.
Or imgroppety in that office, but some com-
plaints' Jia^e beet? made to  e,,arid as a matter
of justice hoth.„to the Commissioner and to'
those who complain I think it well that this
resoltttion.ftheijld be adopted.
The resofatjpft'.waa agree*! to;
■ HXTRACITIOX 6F CRIMINALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
w liiob" .was talien .up on motion of the Senator
Illinois "will now be considered.
''"ThVSenate, as in Committee of the Whole,
ffsu-rjjed the consideration of the bill (S. Sfo.
7(55) farther to , provide for giving effect to.
treaty stipulations between this and foreign
countries for the extradition of criminals.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
1>ay op southern senators.
Mr., MORTON. I move to take up the res-
olution in regard to the pay of the Senators
from the reconstructed States, for the purpose'
of having that question determined.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolu-
tion submitted by Mr. Morton on the 16th of
Deceraber/!t868: •
JlesnVeed, That the Secretary" of the Senate be di-
rected lo bay to Senators from the States of North
Carolina,South Carolina, Florida, Alabama, Arkan-
sas. andLouisinna, tho compensation allowed by law
to bo computed from tho commencement of the For-
tieth Congress.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the question
on this resolution is a question of law and of
precedent.' The law applicable to it reads as
follows:
"On tbe first day of the session of each Congress,
or as soon thereafter as-ho may bo in attendnnoo and
apply, each Senator, ltopresentadvc, and Delegate
shall receive his mileage, as now provided bylaw,
and all his comtien^ntwHi from the beginning of his
term."—Act af 1857. llrighfly's Digest, volume I,
P.ijffo 83.
The construction of this law by the practice
and resolutions of each House has been uni-
form uppn all occasions, raising the point di-
rectly or indirectly that members of Congress
receive tbe compensation for the whole Con-
gress in which they may bo seated at whatever
session or period of the session tlioyare admit-
ted to seals, except in the event of tho death,
resignation, &c., of a member after being
seated, which ia expressly provided by law.
This has been the construction—
First. In cases, where the State was not ad-
mitted or Territory not. organized until an
advanced period of the Congress.
Second. Where the Stato being in tho Union
the member was not elected or seated until an
advanced period of the Congress.
1. The Senators and Representatives from
West Virginia received all their compensation
from the beginning of the Congress in which
they were sealed, notwithstanding they were
admitted Man advanced period of that Congress.
The Senators and Representatives from
Tennessee received all their compensation for
the whole Congress in which they were seated,
notwithstanding their State w^s not admitted
nor they seated until an advanced period of
the second session of the Congress. But in this
case the officers of each House referred the
question, as to the time from which compensa-
tion should be computed, to the Presiding
Officers of the respective Houses, and it was
then referred to the Houses themselves, and
decided by resolution. In the Senate the fol-
lowing proceedings were had, to wit, February
4.1867: .
' Mr. harris, from the Commit too on the Judiciary,
to whom was referred tho letter of the Secretary of
tho senate in rotation to the payment of the Sena-
tes s admitted from the State of Tennessee at the
last session of Congress, reported the following
resolution;
v^^s<aV1^ -*-k&t th.e Secretary of the Senate be
directed to pay to the Senators from the State of
lennesseo tbo compensation allowed by law, to be
commuted from the commencement of the Thirty-
Nmfh Congress.
" Tho said resolution, was read the first and second
tunes, by unanimous consent, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole, and no amendment being
made, it was reported to the Senate."
*
" March 2,186-7.
On motion of Mr. Haeris, tbe Senate proceeded to
consider the resolution reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary in relation to the' compensation
to the Senators from the State of Tennessee; and on
motion by Mr, sumner to amend the resolution by
striking put the words 'commencement ot the Thirty-
Ninth Congress' and inserting in lieu thereof the
words' "date of the resolution of Congress recognizing
Tennessee as entitled to representation,'
. "It Was determined in the negative; and on the
question to' ttgree to tho resolution, it was determined
iff-the affirmative i so it was—
, "Mesolved, That,the- Secretary of the Senate be
directed to pay to the Senators from the State of
Tennessee the compensation allowed by law, to be
computed- from the commencement of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress."—Vide Senate Journal, Second Ses-
sion. Thirty-Ninth Congress, pp. 201 and 443.
In the House of Representatives the follow-
ing proceedings were had, to wit:-
"JWj/25,1866.
, " The Speaker. The Chair has received the fol-
lowing letter from the Sergeant-at-Arins:
SergeaNt-at-Akms Office,
House of Representatives, "Washington. I>. C.,
■July 26, 1866.
SiE: My attention has been called to the question
of the payment of the members recently admitted
from the State of Tennessee, and as I can only fill up
certificates for pay and miieage under your direc-
tion I desire to be informed of theamountwhichyou
Will certify to be due to each member.
X am, with respeot, yourobedient servant,
N. G. ORDWAY.
Sergeanl-at-Arms House of liepresentatives,
Hon. Schuyler ColfaX, Speaker.
"As this embodies a now question the Chair will
refer it to the decision of tho House.
" Mr. Stevens. There is no difficulty about it.
These morabeis were members from the commence-
ment of this Congress, as it afterward turned out. X
move that they be allowed pay and mileage from
that time.
"Mr. Dawks. Thore oan be no doubt about it. Tho
precedents aro all in favor of the motion. It was so
in the Louisiana case and alt the others.
"Mr Loan moved that the matter be referred to
tho Committeo of Elections.
" Tho motion to refer was disagreed to.
"Mr. Stevens's motion was adopted."— Vide Con-
gressional Globe, p. 415J, July 2\ 18u6.
2. New Hampshire and Connecticut and some
other States elect Representatives subsequent
to the beginning of their term, and those Rep-
resentatives, upon being seated, receive their
compensation "from the beginning of their
term," or the Congress in which they are seated.
The intent of the law seems to be, and the
practice has been uniform, to give to an in-
cumbent all the compensation of the term not
actually received by or due to another, namely,
not to allow an interim in the occupancy of the
seat to interrupt the accruing of the compen-
sation for the benefit of the subsequent incum-
bent, to be received by him as soon "as he
may be in attendance and apply."
Such rule of compensation is expressly pro-
vided by law in case of the death of a member.
This express provision was necessary to pre-
vent the successor from receiving compensa-
tion for the whole Congress, and thus doubling
the charge upon the Treasury for a portion of
the term. (Vide Brightly's Digest, page 84,
section seven, act July, 1862.)
In the case of the members expelled from
the Thirty Seventh Congress, and the forfeit-
ure of so much of their compensation as had
not been actually received by them, their suc-
cessors were allowed to receive the amount so
forfeited, and the following proceedings were
had in relation thereto, to wit:
" March 3,1863.
"Mr. Stevens moved that the rules bo suspended
so as to enable him to submit tho following resolu-
tion, namely:
"Resolved, That all the salary duo and unpaid to
members of the Thirty-Seventh Congress, and who
have been expelled from tho House for disloyalty, be
paid out of thecontingont fundof thisllouso to their
respective successors of said Congresswho havobeen
in actual attendance during the second and third
sessions thereof.
^ It was decided in the affirmative—yeas 74, nays 32.
So the ruleswere suspended; and thereupon Mr.
Stevens submitted the said resolution.
"Mr. Stevens moved the previous question.
Pending which,
"Mr. Johnson moved that the resolution be laid
on^the table ;_whioh motion was disagreed to.
" The question -then recurring on the demand for
the previous question, it was seconded, and main
question ordered: and under the operation thereof
the resolution was agreed to,"— Vide Souse Journal,
third session Thirty-Seventh Congress, page 601.
But for the above proceeding tho successors
would bave been entitled, tinder the act of
1857, to have reeeiyed " all their compensatioa
from the--begirvning of their term," unless tho
word " otherwise" in the actof July, 1862, waa
meant to contemplate tbe case ot expulsion*
But admitting that the legislative body had
solemnly anticipated the degradation of its own
memberain the trivial matter of compensation,
still the ease of forfeiture of accrued but un-
paid compensation was unprovided for. By
the resolution of Mr. Stevens this forfeited
amount was disposed of upon tbe general prin-
ciple and practice, namely, that some ono may
receive from the Treasury " all the compensa-
tion from the beginning of the term," and as
soonas^he may be-in. attendance and apply,
an incumbent in every case may receive "all
the compensation- for the term" which has not
been paid or does not "belong to another.
What I have stated,,Mr. Pr-esidetit, is a brief:
that has been prepared; I'drd aDt pt'epare it
myself, but I believe the reference to- the
authorities which it contains is correct. Nowr
Mr. .President, is there any reason why a less
liberal rule of construction should be applied
to our brethren who come here from the re-
constructed States than has been applied to
other Senators from other States, or to Sen-
ators and Representatives from States not-
reconstructed 1 There seems to be no mistako
about what has been the practice of the Senate.
There can be no distinction drawn between
this case and the case of Tennessee and tho
case of West Virginia. The resolution adopted
in regard to the pay doe to members who were
expelled from the Thirty-Seventh Congress
distinctly recognizes the principle. The special
provision of the law in regard to a case where
a vacancy has been created by death or resig-
nation, where the pay for a part of the Con-
gress has gone to another person—the special-
provision made in regard to the pay of the
successor in that case distinctly recognized the
principle; and it was done for the purpose of
preventing the successor from receiving, as^e
would do in an ordinary case, the compeniisft
tion for the whole Congress.
Sir, if this is the law and if these have been
the precedents I ask why should there be a
departure in the case of our brethren from the
reconstructed States. They have come up here
under extreme difficulties. There was a strag-
gle for reconstruction which convulsed the
North for four years and is not even yet term-
inated ; and while it was a bitter struggle in
the North it was a thousand times more bitter
and terrible at the South, from which these
Senators have Come. They encountered diffi-
culties and trials of which we in the North
know but little except by report; and the mle
of construction should be as liberal toward
these Senators as it has been toward any other
members of this body. My sympathies are
with them. I think I appreciate to some
extent the troubles and the. trials through
which these members have come here, and I
am unwilling to adopt toward them a more
rigid rule of construction than has been applied
to others.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I had
supposed that this question was disposed of at
a former session.of Congress. I myself in-
troduced a resolution very much like the one
that is now under consideration, and I do not
know but that it was in the very same words,
at the last session of Congress, for paying the
Senators from the reconstructed States from
the beginning of the present Congress. I in-
troduced that resolution, as I thought at the
time, in accordance with the precedent which
had been established in the Tennessee case.
The question ol the pay to be allowed to the
Senators from Tennessee was submitted to the
Committee on the Judiciary of this body, and
a report was made from that committee by a
Senator from New York not now a member of
the Senate, (Mr. Harris,) to which I did not •
assent. The report provided that the Senators
from that State were to be paid from the com-
mencement of the Congress. The Senator from
