l$89,
TIE - CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS,
commercial life and. energies of the nation by
restoring to it a sound and healthy circulation.
During Mr. Davis's speech, at one o'clock,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky will suspend his remarks.
The morning hoar having expired, the un-
finished business,of yesterday is before the
Senate-, being the bill (H. it. No. 1803) making
appropriations /or the support of the Arfny for
the year, ending Jujae 30, 1870, and for other
purposes^ .
Mr. MOBBILL, of Maine. I do not desire
to take the Senator from. Kentucky from the
floor; and I have no objection, by common
consent, to allowing the unfinished business to
be laid aside in formally to enable the Senator
to proceed. '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-,
ato'r frdm Kentucky may proceed unless objec-
tion be made. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. Davis resumed and concluded hisspeech.
william m'.garraiian.
Mr. SAWYEB. I desire the unanimous
consent of the Senate to make a jnotion that
the Senate on Monday take a recess from four
until seven o'clock for the purpose of taking
up in the evening House bill No. 65, known as
the McGarrahan bill.
Mr. STEWABT. I hope it will be taken up
at one o'clock, and not at night.
Mr. SAWYER. I have no objection to
changing the time and making it the order for
one o'clock, provided it is understood that it
shall be considered at that hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
to make the bill mentioned by theSenator from
South Carolina the special order for Monday
at one o'clock.
Mr. TBUMBULL. I wish to say that I have
no knowledge of this McGarrahan case ; but to
set aside either a day atone o'clock or an even-
ing at seven o'clock to consider a private claim,
with the pressure of public business which is
now upon this body, it seems to me would be
wholly unadvisable. Let that private,claim go
over until the next .Congress. It is impossible
to consider it now and discharge our public
duties.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
another bill before the Senate. The motion
cannot be entertained unless by unanimous
consent.
. Mr. CONNESS. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to considering the motio" ?
Mr. CONNESS. I object.
- The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made it cannot be received.
order or business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Army
appropriation bill is regularly under consid-
eration.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope my friend from
Maine will consent to let that be laid aside
informally. I wish a vote upon the bill which
has been under discussion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. With the prob-
ability that that will not occupy much time I
have no objection to laying aside the Army
appropriation bill informally.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the friends of the
bill we have up will speak as little as possible.
I do not intend to say anything myself unless
it is called out by amendments.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Army bill is
not going to be laid aside.
Mr. MORRILL, ofMaine. Only informally.
Mr. POMEROY. If laid aside at all it will
be for all day.
• Mr. HENDRICKS, Iobjecttoanyinformal
laying'aside.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. TheSen-
ator from Ohio moves that the pending bill be
passed over informally for the purpose of con-
tinuing the corisideic&tiotl of.the bill(H. R. No.
1744) to strengthen the public credit and relat-
ing to contracts for the payment of coin-
Mr. POMEROY. £ submit that the motion
cannot be made to do it, informally, It can
only be done informally by unanimous consent.
TheiPRESIDENT pro tempore. Does any
Senator object? .
Mr. SHERMAN. • No one objected, as I
understood.
Mr..HENDRICKS. I objected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then it
requires a motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I -mov,e that all prior
orders be postponed with a view to continue the
discussion and consideration of this.suBject ^
and I will state to. my friend from Maine that.
I will then, as a matter of course, stand by,
him until the Army bill is disposed of.
Mr. EDMUNDS, (to Mr.' Sherman.) Move
to lay the Army bill on the table so that it ean
be taken up again to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Army
bill belaid on the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will my friend
withdraw that motion to allow me to make a
single remark?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I appreciate the
desire of the chairman of the Committee Qn
Finance to consider his bill; but at the same
time I feel it my duty to say that if the appro-
priation bills are to pass at this sessiop of
Congress they must be attended to at once and
constantly. If this bill is to occupy but a short
time I have no objection to yielding to the mo-
tion to lay on the table and trying that experi-
ment with the understanding that I may call
it up again if it should turn out otherwise.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We can finish it in an
hour.
Mr. MORRILL, ofMaine. Very well; with
the understanding that we can finish it in an
hour I have no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We will not have an un-
derstanding, but we will stand ty you in put-
ting the appropriation bills through afterward.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move, then, to lay the
Army appropriation bill on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the.house.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed a bill (H.
R. No. 1911) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year end-
ing Jung 30, 1869, and for other purposes.
reports of committees."
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 241) to restore R. L. May to
the Navy, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. WARNER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 1051) to grant certain islands to the
State of Wisconsin as swamp lands, and for
other purposes, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 512) granting land
to the Iowa and Missouri State-Line Railroad
Company, and for other purposes, reported it
with amendments.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, reported a bill (S.. No.
978) to establish a postal telegraph system in
connection with the Post Office-Department;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
executive communication.'
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting, in compliance with the
resolution of the Senate of this day, the re-
port of the special commissioners upon the Cen-
tral Pacific rfetlroad, in California ; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. B. No. 1911) making -appro-
priations to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the servioe of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1869, and for other
purposes, was read twice -by its title, and re-
ferred-to the Committee onAppropriationg.
the public credit.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the Sear
ate resume the consideration of the' hill to
strengthen the public credit. ,
The motion.was agreed.ta ;,and the Senate,-
as ia Committee of the Whole, -resumed the.
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1744) to
strengthen the public credit, and. relating to
contracts for the payment of coin.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is oft the motion ;of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, {Mr. Davis, ];tjf .recommit-the bill with
instructions. .
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on thesamendment reported by the
Committee on Finance, which will be read.
The Chief'Clerk read the amendment, which
was' in section one, line nine, to strike out the
words "interest bearing;".and also to strike
out the fallowing proviso- at the end of the
section: • -
Provided, however. That before any of said inter-
est-bearing obligations not already due shall mature,
or be paid before maturity, the obligations not be^arr
ing interest, known as United States notes, shall be
made convertible into coin at the option of the
holder.
So that the section, if amended,- will read:
That in order to remove any doubt as to the pur-
pose of the Government to discharge all just obliga-
tions to the public creditors, and to settle conflicting
questions and interpretation of the laws by-virtue
of which such obligations have been contracted, it
is hereby provided and declared that the faith of the
United States is solemnly pledged to the payment m
coin, or its equivalent, of all the obligations of the
United States except in cases where the law author-
ising tho issue of any such obligation has expressly
provided that the sawe may be paid in lawful money
or other currency than gold and silver.
,The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I have not
the slightest objection to the first section of
this bill; but my motion will be to strike out
the second section altogether. The section
provides that in any contract hereafter made
specifically payable in coin, no matter what
the consideration, wh(erever that condition is
carried into the contract on the coin basis it
shall be legal and may be .enforced according
to its terms; and that on the trial of a suit
brought for the enforcement of such a contract
proof of the real consideration may be given.
This section is either utterly useless and super-
fluous or it is meant to embarrass and limit the
recent decision of the Supreme Court, and
really to destroy commerce. It can have no
other effect. Although it is true that the case
in the Supreme Court arose on a contract made
antecedent to thelegal-tetfder la,w, yetthe prin-
ciples of the decision cover all contracts made
specifically payable in coin ; and there is not
the slightest necessity for the second section
of the bill. Where a contract has been made
specifically payable in coin under the decision
of the Supreme Court it can be enforced ac-
cording to its terms whether made before or
after the passage of the legal-tender law, if I
do not misapprehend the wording of that decis-
ion, and I do not think I do. This section
as it stands will give rise to controversy in a
variety of shapes. Take for instance a case
where a contract is specifically payable in coin,
and the consideration is household property.
A sells, to B his property, say for ten or twenty
thousand dollars, and B agrees to pay in gold.
A wants to disprose of that contract to pay in
gold ; he wants the money ; he discounts it or
sells it, as he has a right to do. The result is
that when a suit is brought to enforce it against
the party who has stipulated to pay in gold the
question whether-the price of the property was
adjusted on ;tjie gold, basis or not may become
a question of law and may affect the rights of
.the party who prosecutes. That is one case.
Gentlemen may tell me that the courts would
decide the other way ; but in reality it opens
the whole question of commercial law a,s regards
the right of a bona fide holder of commercial
-paper to enforce it without regard to the con-
sideration. What is the language of the sec-
tion? ...
; And on the-fcria.1 of a suit-brought for the enforce-
