im
THE5 00AGRESSION"AL GLOBE.
February 27,
its debtor to render him eoin in feftirn? It
would be only one of the stereotyped, one of
the-immemOriaL devices of .usury which everjr
iniin who has tried, these causes has long been
familiar with, to* mingle as an ingredient with
the contrast the sale of property. It need not
be even real estate. I once knew a man very
famed during a long life of rigid usury-taking,
who always sold either tin-ware or percussion
caps whenever he lent money. One of those
two things was always an accompaniment, and
he could* always*-prove by people whom he
was careful to t^ke to witness it that the whole
amount of money was rendered:all that pro-
fessed 'to be, and that there was nothing in
addition to it except that on that day tin ware
and percussion caps were also sold. This one
phrase-, I submit, would leave the section just
as open to the extortion of usurers as it would
be without any qualification at all, and so of
the residue of the language.
But, Mr. President, I have another objec-
tion to it. It would be a hotbed of litigation.
Here is professedly a certain restriction in
these contracts; and every man who is called
upon, either by the bona fide holder of com-
mercial paper taken in the ordinary course of
business for value before due, or by anybody
else, would be at liberty to contest upon the
various objections presented here, because
although we have stricken outthe latter clause
of this section all Senators will observe that
the amendment only goes to the onus of proof.
If the ease of commercial paper the defendant
would always be permitted to go into the con-
sideration, provided in the first place he could
rebut the presumption of bona fide holding;
and if he could give evidence that it came to
the hands of the plaintiff after it was due, or
that he did not pay value, then the question
of consideration would be open.
Now, I agree with the Senator from Maine
that if coin contracts are to be licensed for the
future at all, let us leave parties twenty-one
years of age and upward permitted to speak
for themselves in all other things, to speak for
themselves in that regard also, and do not let
us attempt to bind with a mere rope of sand
the option of men to make their own agree-
ments. It would fail, as I believe, upon that
language; it would stimulate litigation; it
would impede commerce ; it would establish
nothing unwholesome, but would simply dimin-
ish the good effect expected from authorizing
contracts answerable in the medium and money
of the world.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I shall vote
against this amendment. I am not sure that
the making of the amendment would embarrass
the passage of the bill. I do not believe its
passage can be embarrassed either by anything
you strike out or anything you add. I guess
that it is bound to go, and I do not know but
that it ought to go. I am going to vote against
this amendment because these words which the
pending motion proposes to remove from the
bill do affect to protect the community against
usury, to secure to the community the protec-
tion of existing usury laws. It affects that any
way ; and removing them will strike down that
affectation. That the existence of these words
there will secure that protection I am not so
sure. I am not so sure that the Senator from
Delaware is not correct in saying that a recent
decision of the Supreme Court covers the whole
ground occupied by this section as it stands, or
as it would stand if this amendment were made.
But, sir, I am one who, unlike the Senatorfrom
Maine and unlike the Senator from New York,
do think the usury laws of real advantage to
the public.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know what
right, my honorable friend has to say that lie
is unlike the Senator from Maine in that par-
ticular. I ask him if you strike out these
words would not coin contracts have all the
protection of the usury laws as other contracts
have ?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir; I think not. I said
I was unlike the Senator from Maine in that
particular, because I understood the Senator
from Maine to say, as did the Senator from
New York, that men Of twenty-one years of
&ge should be intrusted with the making of
their own contracts, and if they seefitto make
a contract payable in gold, or if they see fit
to make a contract payable with ten per oent.
interest or twenty-five* per cent, interest, let it
be so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I said nothing about
interest.
Mr. HOWE. But that is one kind of con-
tract ; and if they can be intrusted to make all
their contracts they can be intrusted to regu-
late the rate of interest as well as the amount
to be paid.
Mr. CONKLING. Would these words affect,
the rate of interest on the usury laws?
Mr. HOWE. I think, practically, they would
regulate it very essentially, because I do not
see how it is possible for a borrower to get any
possible security from the usury laws. He
borrows a thousand dollars to-day; he agrees
to pay a certain sum in gold six months hence.
Every contract to pay money becomes a con-
tract to deliver gold. Certainly the court can-
not know what gold is going to be worth six
months hence. If a man contracts to deliver
a certain amount of gold, that contract cannot
be set aside that I see on the ground of usury.
Mr. CONKLING. Would not the price be
equally uncertain whether he contracted to
deliver coin or greenbacks?
Mr. HOWE. But if a party promises to
pay a certain sum of money in the currency of
the country, with a certain rate of interest,
and that interest is no more than the amount
prescribed by law, that contract cannot be im-
peached for usury. If it is in excess of the
rate prescribed by law, it can be impeached
for usury ; but I do not see how it is possible
to impeach any contract for usury if it is made
payable in coin, let the consideration be what
it may. If the Senator from New York can
point out any way in which it can be done I
shall be happy to hear it. That will remove
my objection.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will per-
mit an interruption, I beg to submit to him
a proposition. I understand this language to
have nothingto do with considerations of usury.
Striking it out, I understand that the usury
laws would operate upon it as they would oper-
ate upon any other contract. They operate
now only upon contracts for the loan or for-
bearance of money. So they would operate
striking these words out; because, if I loan to
the honorable Senator—which is a very extreme
case, both in respect to his necessity to bor-
row and my ability to loan—a certain sum of
money, with an agreement that he is to pay
me that at a future day, with interest, the usury
law would take hold of the question whether in
truth I did furnish the money, whether in
truth he did pay me anything in addition to
the promised interest, or not. That, it seems
to me, would be so equally with or without
these words; the restrictive character of the
words, as I understand them, being to confine
to certain species of consideration and of con-
tract the option to make them answerable in
coin. Now, all contracts by this section are
made answerable in coin if they are for the
"loan of coin, or a sale of property, or the
rendering of labor, or service of any kind, the
price of which, as carried into the contract,
may have been adjusted on the basis of the
coin value thereof at the time of such sale or
the rendering of such service or labor," which
three elements, I think the Senator will agree
with me, would permit and introduce all the
uncertainty of which he has spoken. I render
service in the erection of a house for him, and
we determine that that service shall be paid
for at a future day in coin. Suppose the mar-
ket tosses up gold to 285, as it once did, there
comes in the uncertainty, without let or hin-
derance, just, as much as it would if I furnished
to him money which ho was to render me back
again on a certain day in coin, with the interest
at a certain rate.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. With the con-
sent of the Senator from Wisconsin I should-
like to ask the Senator from New York this
question: if I should borrow $1,000 of green-
backs. legal tenders, from the Senator from
New York, and make a contract to pay $1,009
in gold at the end of six months, that contract
would not be vicious on account of the usury
law, and yet it would effectually avoid the usury
laws if gold is wortb 133. Now, I understand
this provision is to prevent just that evasion of
the usury laws.
Mr. CONKLING. I answer my honorable
friend thus, as I understand the laws: first, it is
wholly ineffectual to prevent any such thing.
Why? Because I borrow from him $1,000.
The theory is, I borrow it in coin. Does
he lend me the coin? No, sir. On the con-
trary he gives me his check. What fixes the
amount? The price of coin as it is adjusted
between him and me on that day, just like the
price of any other property. I am aware that
there is a market value, which value fluctuates
abundantly for the purpose of my illustration.
Thus, were the words in, I borrow of him his
check, the loan being for coin, the price of
which has been adjusted between us. There-
fore the whole thing is subjected to the agree-
ment and option of the parties.
But again, no such thing as he speaks of
ever can occur in the present condition of tie
market. Why? Because with the difference
between gold and currency of forty in the hun-
dred no necessity, no improvidence, 110 vicis-
situdes of circumstance or of the market ever
would lead any man to borrow greenbacks to
be returned in coin, dollar for dollar, with such
a margin marking the difference between them.
Until coin approximates greenbacks in its value
or the reverse, until the margin gets very nar-
row, no such thing could occur, because the
proposition implies the addition of one third
at once to the value of money. Therefore I
say to the Senator that his case would not arise
until the near convergence of the lines of value
between coin and currency, and vlien the mar-
gin gets so narrow as that then I repeat the
borrower would be equally, wi h or without
those words, at the mercy of ths lender.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, resuming the
few words I had to offer on thii subject, as I
do now, with the better light shed on the sub-
ject by the Senatorfrom New Y ork, I concede
the proposition which I understand him to
make, that even with these words i^i the bill
borrowers or the business community will
lose a great part of the protection rfhich they
now enjoy from the usury laws. I said in the
outset that I was not sure these words did pro-
tect against the abuse of those laws, but I said
they affected to afford some p1 oiection. They
affect to afford some protectirn because they
restrict the validity of these contracts to a par-
ticular kind of consideration. The bill as it
stands says that if a man loans coin or does
labor or sells property, the value of which is
ascertained upon the coin basis, lie may con-
tract to pay for those services or for that prop-
erty or repay that coin in kind, leaving us to
infer that upon all contracts for the mere bor-
rowing of money, all contracts merely between
borrower and lender, the law shall stand as it
is now, and the promise shall be to repay what
we borrow with the legal rate of interest for
deferring payment. The Senator says they can
avoid that, because they caii reduce the green-
backs to the coin value and call that a loan of
coin, and take a promise for the payment of
coin. I am not sure that that cannot be done.
I am not sure that there are not other modes
of avoiding the usury laws even with those
words in.
I was profoundly sorry, and that is the main
purpose I have in saying anything about this
subject, to hear of the decision which has been
recently pronounced by the Supreme Court. I
have been profoundly sorry to see any of these
efforts to legalize coin contracts, which would
have the effect to strike down the usury laws.
I think this Government should be wise enough
and strong enough to take the business of this
country back to a specie basis, and at no great
