1889.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
903
selves with the general assertion, that the power
over suffrage Belongs to the States. But they
cannot maintain this conclusion without found-
ing on these two words; iusisting that color
may be a " qualification," and that, under the
narrow power to make "regulations" a race
may be disfranchised. To this wretched pre-
tension are they driven. And now, if there be
eny such within the sound of my voice, I ask
the question directly: can "color," whether
of hair, eyes, or skin, be s,- " qualification"
under our National Constitution? Under the
pretense of making "regulations" of elections
can a race .be disfranchised? With all the
power derived from both these words, can any
Ktate undertake to establish a Caste and or-
ganize an Oligarchy of the skin? To put these
questions is to answer them.
Such is the case as presented by the cham-
pions. But looking at the National Constitu-
tion, we shall be astonished still more at this
pretension. On other occasions I have gone
over the whole case of Human Rights vs. State
Bights, under the National Constitution. For
the present I content myself with allusions only
to the principal points.
It Is under the National Constitution that
the champions set up their pretension ; there-
fore,' to the National Constitution I go. And
I begin by appealing to the letter, which from
beginning to end does not contain one word
recognizing "color." Its letter is blameless
and its spirit is not less so. Surely a power to
■disfranchise for color must find some sanction
in the Constitution. There must be some word
of clear intent under which this terrible pre-
rogative can be exercised. This conclusion
of reason is reinforced by the positive text of
our Magna Cbarta, the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, where it is expressly announced
that all men are equal in rights, and that just
Government stands only on the consent of the
governed. In the face of the National Consti-
tution interpreted, first by itself, and, then by
the Declaration of Independence, how can this
pretension prevail?
But there are positive texts of the National
Constitution, refulgent as the Capitol itself,
which forbid it with sovereign irresistible
power, and invest Congress with all needful
authority to maintain the prohibition.
T!:ere is that key-stone clause, by which it
is expressly declared that, " the United States
shall guaranty to every State in this Union a
republican foim of government," and Con-
gress is empowered to enforce this guarantee.
The definition of a republican government was
solemnly announced by our fnthers, first, in
that great battle-cry which preceded the Rev-
olution, " taxation without representation is
tyranny," and secondly, in the great Declara-
tion at the birth of the Republic, that all men
are equal in rights and that jnst government
stands-only on the consent of the governed.
A Republic is where taxation and representa-
tion go hand in hand; where all are equal in
rights and no man is excluded from participa-
tion in the government. Such is the definition
of a republican government, which it is the
duty of Congress to maintain. Here is a
bountiful source of power, which cannot be
called ia question. In the execution of the
guarantee 'Congress may—nay, must—require
that there shall be no Caste or Oligarchy of the
skin.
I know well the arguments of the champions.
They insist that the definition of a republican
government is to be found in the State consti-
tutions at the adoption of the National Consti-
tution, and, as all these, except Massachusetts,
recognized slavery, they find that the denial
of Human Rights is republican. But the cham-
pions forget that slavery was regarded as a
temporary exception; that the slave, who was
not represented, was not taxed; that he was
not a part of the "body-politic;" that the dif-
ference at that time was not between white
and black, bnt between slave and freeman ;
that all freemen without distinction of color
were citizens, and that according to the history
of the times, there was no State which ventured
to announce in its Constitution a discrimination
founded on color, except South Carolina, the
persevering enemy of republican government
for successive generations, so that if we'look
at the State constitutions, we find that they
also testify to the trtte definition.
Here are words of authority, which the cham-
pions forget also. They forget that the Fede-
ralist in commending the Constitution, at the
time of its adoption, insisted, that, if the slaves
became free, they would be entitled to repre-
sentation. I hfcve quoted the striking words
before, and now I quote them again;
"It is only under the pretext that the laws have
transferred the negroes into subjects of property, that
a place is disputed them in the computation of num-
bers; and it is admitted that if the laws were to
restore the rights which have been taken away, the
negroes could no longer be refused an equal share of
representation with the other inhabitants."—The
Federalist, No. 54, by Hamilton.
The champions also forget that in the debates
on the adoption of the national Constitution it
was charged by its opponents and admitted by
its friends that Congress was empowered to
correct any inequality of suffrage. I content
myself with quoting the weighty words of Madi-
son in the Virginia Convention:
"Some States might regulate the elections on the
principled' Equality, and others might regulate them
otherwise." * * * * " Should the peoplo
of any State, by any means, be deprived of the right
of suffrage, it was judaed proper that it should be rem-
edied by the General Government." ' * * *
" If the elections be regulated proporly by the State
Legislatures, the congressional contret will very
probably never be exercised. This power appears
to be satistaetory and unlikely to be abased as any
part of the Constitution."—Eliot's Debates, vol. iii,
p. 317.
The champions also forget that Chief Jus-
tice Taney in that very Dred Scott decision,
where it was ruled that a person of African
descent could not be a citizen of the United
States, admitted that, if he wereonce a citizen,
that is, if lie were once admitted to be a com-
ponent part of the "body-politic," lie would
be entitled to the equal privileges of citizen-
ship. Here are some of his emphatic words:
"There is not, it, is believed, to be found in the
theories of writers on government or in any actual
experiment heretofore tried an exposition of the
term citizen, which has not been considered as con-
ferring the actual possession and enjoyment or the
perfect right of acquisition and enjoyment of an entire
equality of jirivzlcjes, civil and political—10 How-
ard, 476.
Thus from every authority, early and late,
from Hamilton, writing in the Federal's!, from
Madison, speaking in the Convention at Rich-
mond, from Taney, presiding in the Supreme
Court of the United States, is there one har-
monious testimony to the equal rights of citi-
zenship.
If in the original text of the Constitution
there could be any doubt, it was all relieved by
the amendment abolishing Slavery and em-
powering Congress to enforce this provision.
Already Congress, in the exercise of this power,
has passed a civil rights act. It only remains,
that it should now pass a political rights act,
which, like the former, shall help consummate
the abolition of slavery. According to a familiar
rule of interpretation, expounded by Chief
Justice Marshall in his most masterly judgment,
Congress, when intrusted with any power, is at
liberty to select the " means" for its execution.
The Civil Rights act came under the head of
" means" selected by Congress, and a Polit-
ical Rights act will have the same authority.
You may as well deny the constitutionality of
the one as the other.
The amendment abolishing slavery has been
reenforced by another, known as article XIV,
which declares peremptorily, that " no State
shall make or enforce any law which shall
abridge the privileges and immunities of citi-
zens of the United States," and again Congress
is empowered to enforce this provision. What
can be broader ? Colored persons are citizens
of the United States, and no State can abridge
their privileges and immunities. It is a mock-
ery to say, that, under these explicit words,
Congress is powerless to forbid any discrim-
ination of color at the ballot-box. _ Why, then,
were they inscribed in the Constitution ? lo :
what end ? There they stand, supplying' an
additional and supernumerary power, atnplefor
safeguard against Caste or'Oligarchy'of the skin,
no matter how strongly sanctioned by any State
government.
But the champions, anxious for State RigRts
against Human Rights, strive to parry this'posi-
tive text by insisting that, in another provision
of this same amendment, the potfer over ihss
right to vote is conceded to the States." Mark,
now, the audacity and fragility of this'prgWxt;
It is true that " where the right to vote' is de-
nied to the male inhabitants of a State, ofc in
any way abridged, except for participation in
rebellion or crime," the basisot representation
is reduced in corresponding proportion. Such
is the penalty imposed by the Constitution on
a State, which denies the right to vote, except
in a specific case. But this penaltyon the State
does not in any way, by the most distant im-
plication, impair the plenary powers of Con-
gress to enforce the guarantee of a republican
government, the abolition of slavery, and that
final clause guarding the rights of citiz-ens,
three specific powers which are left undisturbed,
unless the old spirit of slavery is once more re-
vived and Congress is compelled again to wear
those degrading chains which for so long a
time rendered it powerless for Human Rights.
Mr. President, I make haste to the conclu-
sion. Unwilling to protract this debate, I open
the question in glimpses only. But, even in
this imperfect way, it is clearly seen, first, that
there is nothing, absolutely nothing, in the
National Constitution to sustain the pretension
of Caste or Oligarchy of the skin, as set up by
certain States, and secondly, that there is in
the National Constitution a succession and re-
duplication of powers, investing Congress with
ample authority to repress any such pretension.
In this conclusion, I raise no question on the
power of the States to regulate the suffrage ;
1 do not ask Congress to undertake any such
regulation. 1 simply propose that, under the
pretense of regulating the suffrage, States shall
not exercise a prerogative, hostile to Human
Rights, without any authority under the National
Constitution andin defiance ofits positive texts.
I am now brought directly to the proposed
amendment of the Constitution. Of course,
the question stares us in the face, why amend
what is already sufficient? Why erect a
supernumerary column?
So far as I know, two reasons are assigned.
The first is that the power of Congress is doubt-
ful. It is natural that those who do not sym-
pathize strongly with the Equal Rights of all
should doubt. Men ordinarily find iu the Con-
stitution what is in themselves, so that the
Constitution in its meaning is little more than
a lefieciion of their own inner nature. As I
am unable to find any ground of doubt, in sub-
stance or even in shadow, I shrink from a prop-
osition which assumes that there Is a doubt.
To my mind the power is too clear for question.
As well question the obligation of Congress to
guaranty a republican form of government 5
or the abolition of slavery; or the prohibition
upon the States to interfere with the rights and
privileges of citizenship, each of which is be-
yond question.
Another reason, assigned for a constitutional
amendment is, its permanent character in com-
parison with an act of Congress which may be
repealed. On this head I have no anxiety.
Let this beneficent prohibition once find a place
in our statute-book, and it will be as lastingas
the National Constitution itself, to which it will
be only a legitimate corollary. In harmony
with the Declaration of Independence and in
harmony with the National Constitution, it
will become of equal significance, and 110 pro-
fane hand will touch its sacred text. It will
1 never be repealed. The elective franchise once
recognized can never bo denied; once conferred
can never be resumed. The rule of Equal
Rights once applied by Congress under the
National Constitution will be a permanent
institution as long as the Republic endures;
for it will be avital part of that republican gov-
! ernment to which the nation is pledged.
