1869.
THECON&BSS^ONAX/.aLQia.
1655
length of time, without -by force of law doing
what I think this bill will jjo if so amended,
and what I very'much fear the decision of the
Supreme Court has done already,; that is, to
ally and enlist all the poor and all the borrow-
ers and all the debtor? together 011 the side of
the bulls in Wall street, making them all clam-
orous for coin, when we haye made it the obli-
gation of nobody in the world to furnish, it. I
do not mean to take up the time of the Senate,
but I cannot help expressing here my dissent
to this policy. I believe it is unnecessary, and
yet I ought to express that opinion with a great
deal of diffidence, because I am bound to sup-
pose that if there was a safer way than this
back to the stable foundations of business the
very able gentlemen who control, the finances
of the country in the Senate would have found
that way some time ago; and because they have
not found ic I ought to suppose it was invisible,
and yet it ought not to be. I have thought that
I could see another way myself, but I have so
little confidence in my own eyesight that I have
never ventured to express it, and I shall not
take the time to express it now.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator a question. Does he understand this
second section to nwdify the decision of the
Supreme Court so as to make all contracts
invalid except such as are founded upon the
consideration specified in this section? What
is the effect of this section, supposing it becomes
a law, upon the decision of the Supreme Court,
in his judgment?
Mr. HOWE. I have not considered that
question. I said in the outset that I was not
sure it affected the subject at all, and was not
sure but what the decision of the Supreme
Court covered this whole ground. I have not
examined the decision of the Supreme Court
with sufficient care to express an opinion upon
it. I said in the outset expressly that I did not
know but that the Senator from Delaware was
correct in saying that this section was wholly
needless and nugatory.
Mr. MORGAN. I shall vote against the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mis-
souri, but not for the reason that has been
urged here and not because I think it is ma-
terial ; but the House of Representatives do
think it material, and being anxious to secure
the passage of the bill I prefer to take iifas
it came from the House of Representatives.
The Senate has twice during this present Con-
gress passed the section in the form in which
it will be left if the motion of the Senator from
Missouri prevails, and both times it has been
rejected by the House of Representatives. I
am two anxious for the passage of the entire
bill to jeopard it, and I shall therefore vote
against the amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am not going to
occupy the time of the Senate in discussing the
propriety of the amendment, but, like the Sen-
ator from New York, I do not feel that the
adoption of the amendment will endanger the
passage of the bill. I cannot imagine such a
proposition to be true. If I understand the
purport of the decision of the Supreme Court
it is to the effect that contracts of this char-
acter now are valid, and not only that they are
valid, but that they have been at all times since
the passage of the legal-tender law. I myself
have never had any doubt of that fact. It is
true that a decision of the supreme court of
my State in a case that I took there myself
settled it against me, and I did not choose to
take the case any further, but let it rest there ;
and so far as my own State is'concerned we
have rested upon the law that a judgment, even
though the contract was payable in gold, had to
be taken in legal tender. 1 have never believed
it to be the law. I cannot conceive that a con-
tract payable in gold was not as valid as a con-
tract payable in wheat. If gold is demonetized,
it is an article of commerce; and why is not a
contract in one article of commerce as good as
a contract in another?
Now, Mr. President, if this section be adopted
as it stands will it not limit the effect of the
decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States, and will ;it not make .uncertain that
which by thedecision, of that court has been
rendered certain? You will observe that no
contract, impliedly at least, will be legally
payable in gold unless the consideration may
be a loan of coin or a sale of property or the
rendering of labor or service. Ojie of those
three things must exist iu order to make the
contract valid as payable in gold, and the price
as carried into the contract must have beets
adjusted on the basis of coin value at the
time that the contract was made. With that
limitation what will be the effect? A con-
tract made between parties, for instance a
contract between the Senator from Oregon
[Mr. Williams] and myself, passes into the
hands of the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Dixon.j Can it be inquired into in hishands?
Can any of these facts be inquired into? Can
the character of the contract, can the fact be
ascertained whether the consideration was gold
coin or a sale of property or a rendering of
service or labor when the value was carried
into the contract? If that is not the case can
it not be very easily avoided by always so
arranging the contract as to put it in the hands
of a third party? In other words, if I desire
to enforce a contract, although really the
maker, I would make a contract with a third
party and let it be assigned. As some Senator
behind me suggested when the proposition waa
made, if the Senate are not prepared to adopt
the amendment we ought to be prepared at
least to appoint guardians for all parties mak-
ing contracts in this country. It seems to me
it results in that. If we refuse to adopt the
amendment and leave the section as presented
by the House it merely complicates our diffi-
culties. Why not declare at once that all con-
tracts made specifically to be plaid in coin shall
be payable in coin, and of course parties
twenty-one years of age who are competent to
contract and not under some disability will
understand immediately, or at least in a very
short time, that such contracts can be enforced
and will be enforced, and they will contract
accordingly.
Mr. EDMONDS. I -will only occupy a
moment. I hope the Senate will stand by this
section as it now is, as the committee has re-
ported it with the slight modification at the
end, which has already been agreed to,- which
will not affect the sense, and which we may
suppose will not be objectionable to anybody
else. There is something more in this than
the mere matters that have been alluded to by
gentlemen who are urging this amendment,
l'he object of this section, as it appears to
me—and I derive that impression from read-
ing it—is to prevent legal gambling in gold.
We are to declare that all contracts made pay-
able in coin of a particular kind shall be valid
and enforceable. Now, if you strike that out
and say that all contracts of whatever kind
payable specifically in coin shall be enforced
in coin, you certainly authorize as plainly as
the law can authorize anything a person to
lend openly, without any concealments, with-
out any device, without any subterfuge, cur-
rency depreciated twenty-five per cent, and
demand the repayment of it, if he can press
his debtor enough to make him agree to it, in
coin at the end of a month or at the end of
the time he lends it for. We ought not to do
that by legislation, because as far as those two
items go, of coin and currency, it is really
legalizing practical usury without any limit
at all.
The Senator from New York has said, it is
true, the difference is so great that a debtor
could not be pressed enough to agree to that.
Suppose he cannot be pressed enough to agree
to that entirely, but suppose a creditor lends
$1,000 in currency and takes a promise to pay
$950 in coin at the end of a month. It enables
him to graduate it down to the last drop of
the debtor's blood that he can get. Now, the
question is whether Congressought to .authorize
that species of usury, because it is nothing
else as currency now is? So that as far as we
can go with safety and propriety, if we mean
to protect the business' m^h of tie country,
who wish t& borfow money br who are obliged
to borrow money, let us say that-they mayf
make their contracts for real transactions upon
the basis of gold and pay them in gold; but
they shall not be. made the prey of usurers and
money-lenders and capitalists by making it
lawful for the capitalists to lend currency and
reqnire.payment in coin when currency is de-
preciated. This section prevents that; bat if
you strike out what the Senator from Missouri
wishes to strike out, instead of preventing it
you will legalize it, and I for one do not wish
to legalize it.
It is "true I am so much' gratified at the ad-
vance we are making on the subject df pjiblic
honor and public honesty and good faith i a tha
first section of this bill that.I am. willing
waive almost all objections to any other part
of. the. hill ;. hut it appears to Die that this is an
important provision, one that the committee
unquestionably must have had in view when
reporting it entire, as they did, and one on
which I think we shall make a great mistake
if we do not stand to it..
Mr. DIXON. It seems to me, Mr. Presi-
dent, that it would be better to strike out the
clause as proposed. The section now reads:
That any contract hereafter made specificaHy-pay-
able in coin, and the consideration of which may he
a loan of coin or a sale of property or the rendering
of labor or scrvioo of any kind, the price of which, as
carried into the contract, may have been adjusted on
the basis of the coin value thereof at the time of such
£ale or the rendering of such service or labor, shall
be legal and valid, and may be enforced according
to its terms; and on the trial of a suit brought for
the enforcement of any such contract proof of the
real consideration may be given.
I take it. as between the parties themselves,
without considering the rights of third persons
in cases of negotiable paper, the only consid-
eration which can exist in any case is either a
loan of coin or money of some kind or a' sale
of property, or a rendering of labor or service
of some kiud. I cannot at this moment con-
ceive of any other consideration which can
make a contract good at all. That must in-
clude everything for which a contract cSn be
made, except possibly the loan of greenbacks.
Now, if we propose to legalize these contracts,
and to say that there may be a case in which
you may go into the consideration between the
original parties when the suit is between third
parties, then you propose to alter the entire
law with regard to the relation of parties in the
ease of negotiable contracts. I do not suppose
it is the intention of thi bills to provide tbijfcin
the trial of a suit brought for tlie enforcement
of a contract proof of the real consideration
may be given in a caae where the paper given—
for instance a bill of exchange or promissory
note due—has passed into the hands of tJiird
parties. That cannot be the intention. We
do not propose to change the whole commer-
cial law of the country on that subject.
It seems to me, therefore, better, especially
as the Supreme Court, as I understand, have
made a decision which covers this whole case,
which includes in their reasoning, if not in the
actual decision, cases which have occurred
since the passage of the legal-tender act, to
leave out this section. I know the case upon
which they acted occurred before the passage
of the legal-tender law ; but, as I understand,
the reasoning of the court applies to ali cases,
and their decision seems to go to the length
that all contracts of that kind made specifically
for coin may be enforced in kind whether be-
fore or after , the passage of the legal-tender
act. If so, the matter is well enough as it is.
If it is not so, then we ought in a different
manner from this, it seems to me, to change
the law, and not to raise a question which can
be raised here whether the whole subject of
the law with regard to commercial paper and
the question of consideration is to be changed.
But I will not dwell upon that. I think I shall
vote for striking out this clause.
I wish to say one word with regard to the
first section. I intend to vote for that section.
I see on referring to the Globe as to the debate
in the other House—and ] suppose it is proper
