m
TfP- UOIsT.GliESSION.AL GLOBE.
February. 5,
,Pisnij^})!jj He reasons for the amendment,
I tuEpi to tf^8p"srl^cji.m^e «s hesitate to pre-
set it for ratification. There are two. J?he
an^eodiptent admits that, under the National
Constitution, as it isj with its recent additions,
Caste and an P-ligarehy. of the, skin may .be
set.up by a,State mtkojit py tfl^eck from pon-
gressj that th'^e ighoble.f&i;ms of inequality
are cpr?si§t,ent with republican government;
a d j$ati.'.ke ,jiglat to .vote is not ari. existing
privilege and immunity of citizenship; .All
t()js iapl^nly admitted by tlj'e .propped amend-
mea}!,' jkxki despoil,iag. Congress,of bpneficeflJj
powejs. ajjd emasculating the National Con-
stitution itsplf, It-is oply with iufinite reluct-
ance that I can consent to any suck admis-
sion whiclt, in,the endeavoi to satisfy ungjn-
Wous scr,ipjes, weakens all tljose texts,_ which
afp 90 impertant for JJumap Rights.
\.Jhe.h<J&itatipn to present the amendment.,,
is. increased,, when we consider the difficulties
in, the yif ,pf it^ ratification. I am no. arith-
metician ; .but I understand that nobody has
yet been able to enumerate the States whose
votes can be counted on to assure its ratifi-
cation wjthip, any reasonable tin)e, Mean-
while tjiis great question, which cannot brook
delay—which, for, ,the sake of peace and to
cpqij>l$te reconstruction, should be settled at
0£,cj3j, is. hai)ded over to. prolonged contro-
versy in.the States., .1 need.not depict the
evils whioh^must ensue. A State will become
for the tiaj'g a political.caldron, into which
will be dropped all the poisoned ingredients of
prejudice and hate, while a powerful political
party, chanting like the witches in Macbeth—
" Double, double, toil and trouble,
Fire, burn; and caldron, bubble"—
will use this very amendment as the pudding-
stick with which to stir the bubbling mass! Such
a controversy should be avoided, if possible;
nor should an agitation, so unwelcome and so
sterile, be needlessly invited. "Let us have
peace."
Of course, if there were no other way of
accomplishing the great result, the amend-
ment should be presented, even with all its
delays, uncertainties, and provocations.to local
strife. But,happily all those are unnecessary.
The same thing may be accomplished by act
of Congress without any delay, without any
uncertainty, and without any provocation to
local strife. The same vote of two thirds, re-
quired for the presentation of the amendment,
will pass the act over the veto of the President.
Once adopted, it will go into instant operation,
without waiting for. the uncertain concurrence
of State Legislatures, and without provoking
local strife so wearisome to the country. The
States will not be turned into political cal-
drons, and the Democratic party will have no
pudding-stick with which to stir the bubbling
mass.
I do not depart from the proprieties of this
occasion when I show how completely the
course I now propose harmonizes with the re-
quirements of the political party to which I
belong. Believing most sincerely that the Re-
publican party, in its objects, is identical with
country and with mankind, so that in sustain-
ing it 1 sustain these comprehensive charities,
I panuot willingly see this agency lose the op-
portunity of confirming its supremacy. You
need votes in Connecticut, do you not? There
are three thousand fellow-citizens in that State
ready at the call of Congress to take their place
at the ballot-box. You need them also in Penn-
sylvania, do younot? There are at least fifteen
thousand in that great State waiting for your
summons. Wherever you most need them,
there they are ; and be assured they will all vote
tor those who stand by them in the assertion
Equal Rights. But in standing by them you
stand by all which is most dear in the Republic.
_ lardoume; butifyou are not moved by con-
siderations of justice under the Constitution,
then I appeal to that humbler motive which is
found in the desire for success. Dp this and
you will assure the triumph of all that you can
most desire. Party, country, mankind, will
be elevated, while the Equal Rights of all will
be fixed on a, foundation not less enduring ^han
the Rpck'of Age;?., .. .. , ...
Mr, YICJvEBS. Mr. President, I have lis-
tened with no small: degree of attention for
arguments showing the iieeessity for the adop-
tion of the joint resolutioft'before the Senate ';,
but I have listened in vain, X expected to hear
something about .the necessity of introducing
t}iis new.fi}epientin our political organisation ;
but.I have listened without being informed. I
had supposed that the distinguished Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. SujaifER,] who has
just taken his seat,, would have enlightened
me and given some information which I do
not possess; but so far from that he has dealt
in denunciation and in epithets which have no
force iijthem; whiph do not enlighten the judg-
ment nor eoijyince the understanding. The
Sfenator speaks of the audacity of those who
shall venture to oppose this resolution; of the
champions of slavery, when he knows that
no slavery exists in this country. The only
nominal, arguments that I have heard are the
"logic of events," "the logical results of
the war," and the " oligarchy of color." If
I had a doubt about the propriety of the pas-
sage of the resolution I should have been con-
vinced hy the speech of the honorable Sen-
ator from Oregon [Mr. Williams] that it ought
not to pa.ss. i^e, ha# exhibited such a state of
thinga that may befall our country in the future,
especially by the introduction of a foreign ele-
ment upon our .Pacific coast, as to satisfy us
that we should abstain from all interference
with this question of suffrage ; that we should
leave it to the people of the States, who are
acquainted with the moral and intellectual
character and habits of those who live in them,
aud are therefore better qualified than the Con-
gress of the United States can be to judge of
the qualification of voters.
The Senator from Massachusetts, whfle he
attempted to show that the States had no au-
thority to impose qualifications upon voters,
forgot to allude to the second resolution enun-
ciated by his party at Chicago in these words:
" The question of suffrage in all the loyal States
properly belongs to tlio people of those States."
Here is a direct and unequivocal assertion
that the States have a right to judge of the
qualification of voters; and in his own State
there is a properly qualification. This resolu-
tion, as a portion of the Chicago platform,
went before the people of the country in No-
vember last, and the election was decided upon
the principle, that "the question of suffrage
in all the loyal States properly belongs to the
people of those States."
The Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Ferry]
who spoke yesterday, talked of the technicality
of an estoppel; that those who opposed tho
joint resolution before the Senate wanted to
use the technicality of an estoppel against those
who desire to promote the passage of this
resolution. What is understood by an estop-
pel ? If a man gives his bond to another for a
valuable consideration is he not estopped from
denying it or from disputing the debt? If a
man execute a deed for property for a valu-
able consideration is he not estopped from
denying it to be his deed? Then, what is the
difference when a political principle is de-
clared by a party, for they call these resolu-
tions "the folio wing declaration ofprineiples ?"
Here is a political principle announced by a
convention representing every portion of the
United States—North, South, East, and West.
That convention announced distinctly the prin-
ciple that the question of suffrage belonged pi op-
erly to the States, and upon that they went
before the people of the United States. Can
it now be said that those who oppose this res-
olution, and recall to their minds the resolu-
tion of the Chicago convention, desire to es-
top them? Why, sir, in the country from which
Income an honorable man's word is equal to
his bond; aud this declaration of principles
ought to be as sacred and inviolate as the bond
signed, sealed, and delivered by the political
party to which the gentleman belongs. It is
not competent now for those who acquiesced
in, sanctioned^ and: supported that platform, by
the votes which they gave and ftp cau.rse.which
they pursued-in the panvass of.last, fall, to
deny it or to undertake to circumvent it.
Another principle laiddown,by that conven-
tion was th.e following:, ...
vJfe denounce all forms of repudiation, as a na-
tional crime; and national lienor requires the pay-
ment of the public indebtedness in the utmost good
faith to all creditors at home and abroad, tiot only
according to the letter, but tbe spirit of the lawx
under which it was .contracted,"
Is the one more a principle than"the other?
Is one more bindrag.upori the party than the
otberi? Are they not equally bound in honor
to carry out the principle in relation to suffrage
as. well as- that in relation to repudiation ?
Another principle laid-down by that convention
was this: ■ ■ - -
" The doctrine of (JreatBritain and pthetJEuropean
Powers, that because' a man is onc8 a subject he is
always so, must be resisted at every hazard by the
United Statesas arelic of the feudal time's not author-
ized by the law of nations and at'war with our na-t
tional honor and independence." 1 • _. •
Could they now endeavor to repudiate that ?
Another was that— '
"Foreign emigration, which in the past has added
so much to the wealth, development of resources,
and increase of power to this nation, the asylum of
the oppressed of all nations, should be fostered and
encouraged by a liberal and just policy." .
Could Congress now undertake to institute
an illiberal and an unjust policy in reference to
the emigration of foreigners to this country, ii)
defiance of this, declaration? The one is just
as binding as- the other.
The Sepator frotn Connecticut told us that
there was an pvil in theland. I have, not heard
of any memorials asking for the passage of this
measure, nor have I heard r«ad the requests
of State Legislatures asking for its- passage.
Then the' evil consists in depriving a portion
of the people of the right of suffrage—a class
in eighteen States, as the Senator said, of then-
natural rights. I had always supposed that
suffrage was a function of the Government;
that government was founded in compact, and
that the right of suffrage proceeded from the
Government in the execution of its proper and
legitimate functions. There is no natural right
to vote. If it were so, as has been properly
said by others,, all classes, female as well as
male, would have the same right; but it is only
by the action of Government that this right
exists.
But the Senator further said that the prin-
ciple of the constitutional amendment now be-
fore the Senate was the principle underlying
the resolution of the Chicago platform which
said that '1 the question of suffrage in all the
loyal States properly belongs to the people of
those States." I ask what was the plain,
apparent, ostensible meaning of this resolu-
tion which I have read ? Can it be said that
there was something underlying this, lying
beneath the surface and not seen, which is to
control that which is seen ?
But the Senator further said that the four-
teenth resolution of that convention also em-
braced the principle contained in the resolution
before the Senate. That resolution was in these
words:
" We recognizo the groat principles laid down in
the immortal Declaration of Independence as the
true foundation of democratic government; and wo
hail with gladness every effort toward making those
principles a living reality on every inch of American
soil."
I have always understood that these princi-
ples have pervaded the governments of the
States in the sense which those who used thorn
intended them to be understood. What are
the principles of the Declaration of Indepen-
dence? They are abstract enunciations of
principles, and form no part of the Constitu-
tion, which was framed afterward.
"We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all
men are created equal; that they aro endowed by
their Creator with certain inalienable rights; that
among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit 0/ hap-
piness.
„ Is there anything said about the right of suf-
frage; is that one of the natural and ioalieu-
