ms
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
that lawftib money, and ought to have paid it
long before this time in gold and silver.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no doubt the
purpose of the Senator from Ohio is as he
states, but that will not be the proper construc-
tion of this section,, as I think. It provides:
That in order to remove any doubt as to the pur-
pose of the Government to discharge all just obliga-
tions tQ the public creditors, and to settle conflicting
questions and interpretations of the laws by virtue
of which such obligations have been contracted, it is
hereby 'provided- and declared that the faith of the
United States is solemnly pledged to the payment in
coin, or tis equivalent, of all the obligations of the
United States, except in oases where the law author-
izing the issue of any such obligation has expressly
provided that the same may be paid in lawful money
or other currency than gold and silver.
I have read now the whole section as it
stands. The purpose is, first, to remove any
.doubt, and, in the second place, to settle any
•conflicting questions and interpretations of the
laws. That is the purpose of the section, to
remove doubts and settle conflicting interpret-
ations of existing laws under which the debt
was contracted. For that purpose this section
is enacted, and being enacted it will be a settle-
ment of conflicting questions upon the con-
struction of the laws ; it will be a removal of
doubts, and make the laws to read that the
debt shall be paid in coin. That is the effect
of this first section. It is, as I believe, simply
to put a legislative construction upon existing
statutes. It is not to provide for the payment
of the debt, it is not to provide means for its
payment, but simply and solely to put a con-
struction upon existing laws.
Now, Mr. President, existing laws do not
authorize such construction in regard to a
portion of the debt. There are, perhaps,
$1,600,000,OUOof thedebtin the form ofbonds
that do not provide that the principal shall be
paid in gold or silver, but that do provide that
the interest shall be paid in gold or silver; and
it has been, and is now, a fair argument that
when the bonds provide for the payment of the
interest iu gold and silver, and for the princi-
pal without specifying gold or silver, the prin-
cipal, under such a contract, may be paid in
the lawful money of the United States. That
is the fair construction ; that construction no
man, as I think, has yet been able to over-
come.
On the 12th of December. 18G7, the Senator
from Ohio, representing the Finance Commit-
tee, made an elaborate report, a very able
report, on this subject. In that report refer-
ence is made to the act of Congress under
which the debt was contracted, to the various
kinds of debts that had been contracted, the
peculiar terms of the obligation; and I wish
to call attention very briefly to this report.
The report, speaking of the legal-tender notes,
says:
"These new notes were declared to ' be receivable
in payment of all taxes, internal duties, excises,
debts, and demands of every kind due to the United
States except duties on imports, and of all claims
and demands against the United States of every
kind whatsoever, except for interest upon bonds and
notes, which shall be paid in coin, and shall be law- I
ful money and a legal tender in payment of all debts,
public and private, within the United States, except
duties on imports and interest as aforesaid.' "
That is a quotation mainly from the act of
February 25, 1862, the act which authoiized
the issue of legal-tender notes. I ask Sen-
ators to observe the language: these notes
were made receivable in payment of all taxes,
internal duties, excises, debts, and demands
of every kind due to the United States except
duties on imports; and of all claims and de-
mands against the United States of every kind
whatsoever, except for interest upon bonds and
notes, which shall be paid in coin, and shall be
lawful money and a legal tender in payment of
all debts, public and private, within the United
States, except duties on imports and interest
as aforesaid.
A legal tender and payment in discharge of
all debts from the United States, to be paid by
whom? By the debtor, by the United States.
Then, as plainly as words can express it, the
United States may use the legal-tender notes
issued under the act of February 25, 1862, and
the subsequent acts providing for the issue of
like notes in paying her obligations except
only the interest on the public debt. It is not
fair to argue that this law was intended to
include obligations of the United States in
which she expressly agreed to pay gold, and I
do not contend for that; but where the United
States has neither in the law or in the security
which she has issued promised to pay in gold,
does that obligation not come clearly within
this statute providing that these Treasury notes
may be a legal tender and payment in their
discharge?
Then, Mr. President, to my mind it is very
clear that this class of public indebtedness may
be discharged by the Government of the Uni-
ted States by her legal-tender Treasury notes,
and the learned committee, making its report
through the Senator from Ohio, did not con-
tend for another construction, but seemed to
concede that as the proper construction, for
they go on to state that—
"'On the nth of July, 1862, before any of the five-
twenty bonds were negotiated. Congress authorized
the further issue of S150,000,000 of the United States
notes, with a like piovision to convert them into
bonds at par.
" On the 3d of March, 1863, before any considera-
ble amount of the five-twenty bonds were negotiated.
Congress authorized the farther issue of 8150,000,000
United States notes, and by the same act provided
that the holders ot United States notes issued under
and by virtue of said acts shall present the same for
the purpose of exchanging the same for bonds, as
therein provided, oa or before the 1st day of July,
1863, and thereafter the right so to exchange the
same shall cease and determine."
Upon this statement of fact the committee
claimed at that time that when the bonds were
issued the purchasers of the bonds knew that
the Government bad issued this large amount
of Treasury notes with the quality that they
might discharge any obligation of the United
States, so that the persons who purchased the
bonds from the United States at the time they
made the purchase knew that it was the law of
the land that these bonds might be discharged
in Treasury notes. In another part of this
report, the committee say:
" These notes were issued to the amount of $f00,-
000,000 before the bonds were negotiated."
Four hundred million dollars of these Treas-
ury notes had been issued before any persons
purchased fiom the Government the bonds
known as the five-twenty bonds, and the logic
of the committee in this report is that the pur-
chasers of the bonds then knew that these
$400,000,000 Treasury notes might be used in
the discharge of the obligation of the Govern-
ment under these bonds. But there is a very
peculiar passage to be found in this report on
the sixth page. I will read it:
" If this question "—
The committee is discussing the question of
! the possibility of dischaiging the five-twenty
! bonds with legal-tender notes—
"If this question rested solely upon the act of Feb-
I ruary 25,1862, and the bonds had been negotiated
! under that act alone, it would be manifestly a breach
of faith to ledeem the bonds with the present United
; States notes. Xuc^ are very different from the first
j legal-tender note?, which, from the limited amount
authorized, and the privilege to convert them into
; bonds, could not have had a less market value than
: the bonds. But it was iound that with such restric-
tions upon the notes the bonds could not be negoti-
! ated, and it became necessary to depreciate the notes
in order to create a market tor the bonds. The limit
I of notes was trebled and the right to convert them
; taken away. The amount of United States notes in
I circulation when the bonds were negotiated was
i equal to the amount now outstanding, so that the
question arises whether by the termsof these several
acts the bonds may bo redeemed with notes of the
precise character paid for the bonds when nego-
tiated by the United States."
Here is a simple statement of fact that nnder
the act of February 25, 1862, there was author-
ized but a limited amount of Treasury notes to
be issued, $150,000,000, convertible in a pe-
culiar manner. There were also to be issued
bonds of the United States, and those bonds
could be purchased from the Government by
the payment into the Treasury of Treasury
notes. When the business thus stood the com-
mittee says that the bonds could not be sold;
that a market could not be found for them;
that for the purpose of creating a market for
the bonds steps must necessarily be taken, -to
depreciate the paper currency of the country,
and with a view to the depreciation of the
paper currency of the country $300,000,000
more of Treasury notes were authorized by
Congress so as to float the bonds, to use a
common expression of the times. With an
issue of $150,000,000 of notes the bonds which
the Government desired to sell could not find
a market. Then, to create a market and make
the bonds an object in the market, the paper
money must first be depreciated. The first
£150,000,000 that had come into the hands of
the people almost at par, as this report says,
would not allow the sale of six per cent, bonds.
They could not be sold, they would not float
the bonds, and therefore they must be depre-
ciated, and that was to be done by trebling the
quantity in the market and iu the channels of
trade and business. That was accomplished
so that $400,000,000 or $450,000,000 of Treas-
ury notes were issued, and then Treasury notes
were sufficiently depreciated, according to the
doctrine of this report, to make the bonds an
object in the market. Then the bonds could
be floated upon this depreciated currency.
The Government deliberately, according to
the statement of the Finance Committee—
rather I will say Congress, for the committee
could only speak for Congress—Congress de-
liberately and for a purpose issued this large
amount of Treasury notes that it might have
a depreciated currency in the country, and that
the bonds might be worth in the market more
than these Treasury notes, and therefore the
people would buy the bonds with the notes.
Mr. WILLIAMS. With the permission of
the Senator I wish to say that when he refers
to the speech of the Senator from Ohio I do
not acknowledge his right to say that the Fi-
nance Committee have made the expressions
contained in that speech. I suppose the Sen-
ator from Ohio holds himself individually
responsible for that speech, and there is no
evidence before the Senate or the country tiiat
the Finance Committee acquiesced in his views
of that question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Sen-
ator from Oregon whether he submitted to
the Senate a minority report? This is a report
made by Mr. Sherman.
Mr. MORTON. A report or a speech ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is a report. I am
not reading from any speech. I am reading
from the report made from the Finance Com-
mittee by its chairman on the 17th day of
December, 1867.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What page do you read
from ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am reading from
page 6, under the inquiry, as the Senator will
I see—
! "Arc they [the five-twenty bonds] redeemable in
' legal-tender notes?"
, That is the subject that the Finance Com-
mittee is discussing, and when the chairman
! makes a report from that committee and the
! gentlemen who constitute the committee other
, than himself do not dissent from his views, I
! take it that it is the doctrine of the committee,
i This is not a speech—and I will ask the Sen-
; ator's attention—this is not a speech of a Sen-
1 ator, and although unquestionably the report
\ was written by the distinguished Senator from
■ Ohio, it is not his report; it is the report of
the committee, made by him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What clause does the
Senator read from, which he says amounts to
that?
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator will
look to the sixth page I will again read what
I read before.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have Ae sixth page.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The inquiry is,
"Arc they redeemable in legal-tender notes?"
The answer is:
"The question now arises whether thesefive-twenty
bonds are redeemable at the expiiation of five years
from their date in any other money than the com ot
the United States? .
" If this question rested solely upon the act ot
February 25,1K62, and the bonds had been negotiated
