1869.
THl^DONORlSSieN^U (&GB1T
im
under that aotalOite.ltwotiMbe manifestly a breach
offaifcb t;0 redeem the bonds with (he present United
States notes. They are very different from, the first
leeal-tcnder notes, which from the limited amonnt
authorized and the privilege to convert them into
bonds, could not have had a less market value than
the bonds. But it was found that with such restric-
tions upon the notes the bonds could not be nego-
tiated, and it became necessary to depreciate the
notes in order to create a market for the bonds."
That is the clause that I- read from, I will
say to the honorable Senator from Vermont. '
" The limit of the notes was trebled and the right
to convert them taken away."
In two respects the notes were depreciated
as stated'by the committee; first, in increasing
the quantity so largely, and in the second
place, by taking away a valuable quality from
them. Then there was a market furnished——
Mr. WILLIAMS. If the Senator will allow
me, I understood him to be arguing that the
Finance Committee had reported or said that
these bonds were payable in currency. I did
not understand him to be referring particularly
to that passage of the report, but to affirm that
the Finance Committee of the Senate had
reported1 in some way that these bonds were
payable in currency, and what I wished to say
was simply that the committee as a committee,
so far as I know, has never decided in favor
of that proposition. If I misunderstood the
gentleman I wish to stand corrected, that is all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was not discussing
that question just then. When theSenator inter-
rupted me I was discussing the question which
I intended to be the question, whether the hold-
ers of the bonds have an equitable claim upon
us now while the difference between paper and
gold is so great as it is to declare that these
bonds shall be payable in gold? I am not
going to say that the committee in this report
take the ground squarely that the bonds may
be redeemed in Treasury notes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator from In-
diana will permit me to call his attention to
the statute referred to in this report, the act
of March 3, 1863, taken in connection with the
report, he will see that the statute does not
import any such proposition as he is now main-
taining.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no objection to
the Senator reading from the act of 1863. Of
coarse it being upon the statute-book it is pre-
sumed to be a part of the report as a law is
supposed to be a part of the contract.
Mr. EDMONDS. The statute of 1863 on
this subject of the act of February 25, 1862,
touching the five-twenties as they are called,
merely says that—
"So much of the act to authorize the issue of Uni-
ted States notes, and for other purposes, approved
February 25,18(i2, and of the act to authorize an addi-
tional issue of United States notes and forotherpur-
poses, approved July 11,1862, as restricts the negoti-
ation of bonds to market value, is hereby repealed."
So that my friend from Indiana will perceive
that he is putting an unfair construction on this
report, taking it together instead of selecting
one line at a time, when he undertakes to say
that the legislation of 1863 operated upon the
bonds of 1862 otherwise than as merely repeal-
ing the limitation in the previous act that they
must be negotiated at market value, and that
was all.
Mr. SHERMAN. After consulting with Sen-
ators—it is a matter in which I have no interest
or feeling—I move that at half past four o'clock
the Senate take a recess until seven o'clock. It
is manifestly necessary from the state of the
public business that we should finish this bill
to-night, and at the same time it is manifest
that if we do not take a recess by five or six
o'clock we shall be withouta quorum, and thus
lose the whole evening. My experience has
convinced me that it is best to take a recess at
a reasonable hour. I submit the motion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I quite agree with the
Senator; but has not this discussion closed ?
Can we not take the vote on this question now?
Mr. SHERMAN. _ I should not object to
that. I should like it very much. If we can
take the vote by half past four it may relieve
us from an evening session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does seem tome that
unless the Senate has resolved that the,public
business necessary to be done shall not bie done
we must vote upon some of these questions^
The appropriation bills are all behind, andaf
we are to go on discussing from day to day
and over and1 over again a question of thjg)
kind we can do no public business. I do ap?>
peal to Senators to let ustvoteon this questioa.
Is there a man, in. the Senate who: does not;
understand it? Let us vote upon it one way?
or the other, and dispose of it now, before the
recess.
Mr. SHERMAN. -If we can take the vote
before half past four o'clock. I shall be very;
Mr. TRUMBULL. Who wants to mak«, a
speech ? . - • ; - . .
Mr. SHERMAN. I da not know,.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is that at half past four o'clock the Senate take
a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. CON NESS. I wish to remind .the Seo--
,ator from Ohio that now for several times there
has been no opportunity to rescind the order
for a recess when it has been deemed neces-
sary. The Senator occupying the floor has the
privilege of putting that over. I hope that the
recess will not be taken, but that we shall go
on and finish this bill without a recess.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
cannot be put except by unanimous consent,
there being another matter pending.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If this question is to
be debated I do not yield. I do not understand
that it is a debatable question to take a recess.
I yielded to the chairman of the Committee on
Finance for the purpose of making the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit the motion. I
do not wish to debate it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection the motion wilL be put that at
half past four o'clock the Senate take a recess
until seven o'clock.
Mr. GRIMES. And that from that time on
this bill be under consideration.
Mr. EDMONDS. Yes, and the Army bill,
both.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. With the assent of the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana I move that after
this day the Senate meet during the remainder
of this session at eleven o' clock in the morning.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 wish the Senator
would allow me to finish before that is put.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. TheSen-
ator from Indiana is entitled to the fioor.
Mr. DRAKE. I only ask the assent of the
Senator to make the motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Of course I assent if
you want to make the motion.
Mr. DRAKE. I make the motion that dur-
ing the remainder of the session the Senate
meet at eleven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not enjoy par-
ticularly the criticism of the Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. Trumbull] upon Senators who choose
to debate the questions that are brought in
hero. It was in the midst of my remarks, and
it would seem t.o be on his part an expression
of disapproval of the fact that I am occupying
some of the attention of the Senate. I did
not expect that from him ; nor do I receive it
from him as that he has any authority to make
any such suggestion to me. Here, when im-
portant measures as brought up. so far as I
am concerned I must be the exclusive judge
of what it is decorous and right for me to say.
If he chooses he may address himself to the
Senator from Ohio and to the Finance Com-
mittee, who have brought into this body a prop-
osition by which the bonded debt of this coun-
try shall be increased in value $600,000,000
without an increase of the ability of the people
to pay it, and without, in fact, the measure being
one of practical legislation at all. If this were
a bill to provide means for the payment of the
debt, to lighten the taxes upon the people, or
to adjust the system of taxation more justly
and equitably among them, I would recognize
its importance. But, sir, wlien it is brought
in-for no purpose -of the sort, not.to decreft&e
the debt, not to lighteBthe buidensupoft the
people, not to readjust thesystera of taxation,
but simply to declare here by legislative enact-,
ment that the publie debt shall all be' paid in
gold, let the Senator from Ohio be lectured.
It is an important measure. It affects deeply,
the interests of the -people. - Acid I claim when
a bill'like that is brought in the right to, discuss
it fully and freely and without .any criticism
froxq -any gentleman ef the majority, in this
body.. I have aa control here of what bilk-
shall: be. brought from the committees. But
the-distinguished chairman of the Finance Com-
mittee. is.presumed to havea large control of
the business arid action of , the Senate because
of his .official relation to then body. , He has
thought-it proper, that committee have thought
improper,to bring in a bill that is not practical
in its provisions, but declaratory of the mean-
ing of existing laws, a declaration of the mean-
ing of existing laws in which I do nob concur.
Therefore, sir, it is right- and proper that I
shoulddiseuss the bilL
.When interrupted the Senator from Ver-
mont was calling my attention to the act of,
March, 1863, as bearing on this. If the Sen-
ator, had listened to my-remarks, he would not
have said that I was reading a line at a time
from this report. He would have heard tjiafc
I called attentioa to the act of March, 1863.
I called attention tovfch&t act, because of -the
use that the committee itself had made of that
act. The committee in this report state that
act as an important one bearing -upon this
question, because under that act an additional
$150,000,000 of Treasury notes were .allowed
to be issued of less value upon their face than,
the first notes, and thereby the currency was
depreciated and made to float the bonds. It
was an act that I had called attention to, and
the Senator will see that that act is referred to
by the committee on page 5 of the report;
"On the 11th of July, 1862, before any five-twenty
bonds were negotiated. Congress authorized the fur-
ther issue of $150,000,000."
After this act took effect the five-twenty
bonds were negotiated. Why does the com-
mittee make that use of the acts of 1862 and
1863? To establish this proposition I pre-
sume that when the purchasers from the Gov-
ernment of the five-twenty bonds paid their
money into the Treasury they did it with the
knowledge that this act provided that the
Treasury notes might be used in payment of
the bonds. And it is after the committee has
referred to these two laws that the committee
goes on to say that the last two, the acts of
July 11, 1862, and March 3, 18C3, were in pur-
suance of a policy to depreciate the curr-ency
so as to furnish a market for the bonds.
Then, Mr. President, according to the facts
stated in this report, what equitable claim have
the bondholders upon Congress to make this
declaration at.this time? Before these bonds
were sold, before they could be sold, before
the moneyed mg-n, of the country would pur-
chase the bonds, Congress had to issue Treas-
ury notes in such >quantities as would depre-
ciate them and make them in the market of
less value than the bonds.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask the
Senator a question. What does he mean by
saying that the moneyed men of the country
were the purchasers of these bonds, when his
own candidate for the Presidency truly stated
in a speech which he made which exhausted
the subject that a very large proportion of
them were held by those who represented the
widows and orphans of the country ?
, Mr. HENDRICKS. I have net discussed
this question or thought of it in any partisan
or political sense. When I spoke of_ th 
moneyed men of the country I spoke of the
persons who had money with which to buy the
bonds. These bonds in some instances, rare
indeed, were purchased by persons of limited
means, but in the great part, as I have no
doubt, by persons of means who wished to
make a profitable-investment; and they waited,
it seems, according to this report, until the
