ims
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February
fkst issue -was trebled aad the currency depre-
ciated, and then with the -depreciated currency
the bonds were purchased from the Govern-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Senator mean
to say that he is for sacrificing the poor in
order to punish-the rich?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I do
not propose to sacrifice anybody; and when
the rich man and the poor man, if the gentle-
man will insist that the poor man was the pur-
chaser of these1 bonds, purchased these bonds
from the Government and had notice upon the
statute-boob that they might be redeemed and
paid by the Government with legal-tender
notes, it is no sacrifice of anybody when the
Government complies with that contract; so
that it is not a question of sacrificing anybody.
The very Treasury notes that the purchasers
of the bonds paid into the Treasury when they
bought the bonds had printed upon their backs
that they were a legal tender in the discharge
of the very bonds that they were buying. Every
single legal-tender note that was paid into the
Treasury in the purchase of a five-twenty bond
had upon its back this extract from the law
making it a legal discharge of the bonds at the
pleasure of the Government. So, Mr. Presi-
dent, it is not a question of sacrificing any-
body. It is simply a question of what is the
contract. If the contract be that bonds shall
be paid in gold, then I am the last man to ask
to violate that contract; but if the contract be
that they may be paid in Treasury notes, then
I am opposed now, while there is this large dif-
ference between paper and gold in the coun-
try, to a law which has no practical bearing
except to commit the Government to a con-
struction of the laws contrary, in my judg-
ment, to their true and just and proper mean-
ing; and I call the Senator's attention.to an-
other passage in this report:
"It is clear that if the bonds are 1 payable' wlien
due in legal tendeis, tbe^ are ' redeemable' after
five years from the date in same kind of money.
Ihe word 'payable' imports a duty or obligation
which must be pei formed at the time stipulated. The
word 'redeemable' implies a discretionary power
which may be or may not be exeicised. Bat the
same kind of money in the same mode tendered will
redeem a note or pay a note."
So that the committee then took the square
ground that if at the end of twenty years these
bonds may be paid in legal tenders, of course
it follows that at any time after the expiration
of five years they may be redeemed in legal
tenders.
Mr. President, I should like to know of the
Committee on Finance if they propose now to
pay off the five-twenty bonds? Are we in a
condition without a further issue of Treasury
notes to pay these bonds to the bondholders ?
This is not a question that is confined to the
rich men or the poor men of the United States.
It is a question that affects the bondholder in
Europe who has made his investment in our
securities because of their value. He had full
knowledge of the terms of this law. The for-
eigner when he purchased our bonds knew very
well when he read the law, and he is presumed
to have read the law, that they might be paid
in legal lenders, or, in the language of the law,
"in the lawful money of the United States."
So, sir, this questiou of appreciating the
bonds by the bill before us-does not apply
alone to citizens of the United States, but
wherever these bonds are held an additional
value is to be given to them by this act, and for
what purpose? For no benefit to the people;
not to lighten their burdens; not to readjust the
taxes, as I remarked, equally among all, but
only for the purpose of making gold bonds out
of bonds that might have been paid otherwise
in legal tei.ders.
Mr. President, I did not suppose it was
necessary that this question should be raised
at this time. I think if the right policy be
pursued we may in the end come to a specie
basis for our currency. I do not look for that
at any early day. I do not expect it to be
brought about by any action of Congress in
regard to the currency, either-in extending or
restricting the circulation of the country. I
look only to the productions of the country for
the restoration of our currency, for its in-
crease, for its appreciation.
Upon this subject I differ very widely from
my able colleague. He thinks that by action
of Congress we may appreciate the legal-ten-
der currency of the country and bring it up to
par with gold, I believe, in about two years. I
have no such opinion. I think his proposition
would simply produce a very great contraction
of the currency. I think in the first place it
directly proposes to hoard the gold in the Treas-
ury. The effect of his proposition would be to
make persons holding the legal-tenders hoard
them also, so that the currency of the country
would be to a very large extent contracted.
But I do not care to discuss that now. I do not
agree with him in his very ingenious propo-
sition. I am not in favor of a contraction of
the currency, because that is oppressive to the
business of the country. I am not in favor of
such an increase of the currency of the coun-
try as will destroy its value in the pockets of
the people. We mnst, as far as Congress has
control of the subject, furnish to the people
the best currency that can be commanded and
in such quantities as the legitimate business of
the country requires.
But, Mr. President, I look to that policy of
the Government which will encourage produc-
tion ; which will introduce into our business
affairs stability and confidence and restoration
of free Government and encouragement to
business and to enterprise, so that here athome
we may become producers of those staples that
will command a foreign market, and so that the
currency in gold and silver shall turn toward
our own shores instead of being carried from
them. Our business now every year is carry-
ing from us large sums of gold. While that is
the case I am not able to see how we can return
to a specie basis for our currency. Our paper
money will not go abroad. Experience shows
that we cannot use either our national bank
paper or our greenbacks in purchases abroad.
If our purchases abroad exceed our sales abroad
that difference must be paid in gold ; and while
nearly seventy millions annually of the gold of
the country is being carried to Europe to pay
the difference between our purchases and our
sales we cannot have a specie basis to our cur-
rency ; and all paper promises, all promises
by law or otherwise, however ingeniously sup-
ported by argument, will but deceive and mis-
lead.
Mr. President, we must have productions
that will command a foreign market. New
England ought to command a market athome
with the advantages of high protection which
she now enjoys. I should be very glad to see !
the looms of New England and the mines of
Pennsylvania supply the channels of trade
throughout the country. I should be very glad
to see it, but I do not understand how it is that
they keep putting up their prices so much when
they have such extraordinary protection. Their
prices still go up so that the foreign article can
be brought in here and sold. There is some ,
fault somewhere in that respect. I think that !
the wants of the revenue of the country furnish j
such a protection to domestic manufactures at
this time as that it is extraordinary that so
large a supply comes from abroad.
But, Mr. President, my main hope is in the
production of the staples that always command
a market abroad. Our wheat sometimes com-
mands a market abroad; our stock raised
in the great Northwest, many of the produc-
tions of the Northwest; but the important
staples that command a foreign market are
found south of the Ohio river—cotton and to-
bacco. It is a fact to which my attention was
called upon an investigation of a kindred sub-
ject that during the three years after the close
of the war, cotton and tobacco constituted one
hall of our exports, including, as I now rec-
ollect, the coin that was carried abroad, per-
haps including the bonds that were sold abroad;
but I am not sure about that.
Now, Mr. President, if we but have stability
in our policy, and our policy be wise, we can
increase our productions, we can increase the,
productions of the staples to which I have re-
ferred, and command a foreign market. The
word " king " is offensive to gentlemen as ap-
plied to cotton. It is not important at all
whether it be called "king" in the market '
or not. It is an article, produced as we pro-
duce it, of the quality that is foiuid in the
United States, that always commairas a mar-
ket ; and so of tobacco. Then, let us have a
policy which will increase the great produc-
tions of the Northwest and of the South and
of the Southwest, and increase oar sales abroad
so that they shall exceed our purchases, and
we shall soon have a restored eurrency, both
in its value and in its quantity.
I am in favor of sueh reasonable issue of
Treasury notes as the business of the country
may require. I do not expect to vote for any
increase of the bank currency ; I do not think
it necessary to interpose the credit of a bank
between the people and the credit of the Gov-
ernment. The bank notes rest for their credit
in the business world upon the Government
securities that are filed in the Treasury. I
would rather have the promise of the Treasury
direct than the indirect promise of the Treas-
ury coming through a bank.
Mr. President, if we can adopt this poliey,
can restore the balance of trade so that we
shall sell as much a3 we buy and secure a
return from other countries of the precious
metals, then the difference between our paper
money and our gold and silver will rapidly de-
crease. That is the restoration that I look for,
in the legitimate prosecution of business and
trade in the country and in our foreign com-
merce. When that is done the questions that
are attempted to be provided for in this bill
will disappear. We shall have then a currency
of uniform value. I do not look for it before
that time: but if these bonds are to be paid
now, or if they are to be paid at any time when
there is a difference between the paper cur-
rency and the coin of the country, I want them
to be paid according to the contract.
After the contract has been executed, after
the purchasers of the bonds have paid a depre-
ciated currency into the Treasury upon a,prom-
ise that they should be paid in like money,
I am not willing by a subsequent Congress to
change the contract and to say it shall be gold
and, as the difference now stands between
paper and gold, to increase the value of the
bonded debt from five to seven hundred mil-
lion dollars.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, I desire to
make a few remarks upon this first section.
This question is more particularly a question
as to the propriety of passing this law at this
time. Looking at this question in a point of
view for the advantage of the whole country,
I do not understand that Congress are enacting
laws or levying taxes to pay the national debt
at this time. The debt does not mature for the
next fifteen, twenty, or forty years. It simply
resolves itself into this: by declaring that these
honds are payable in coin we advance the
price of the bonds, and for all those bonds
which are sentabroad we get just so much more
money or gold in return. In other words, we
retain just so much gold in the country in place
of the bonds that are sent out of the country.
If we can advance the«price of these Govern-
ment bonds five, ten, or fifteen per cent., what
is the result? Suppose we send §500,000,000
of bonds out of the country, by an advance of
exchange we gain by that if we advance it ten
per cent. $50,000,000 ; if twenty per cent, we
gain $100,000,001) for the amount of bonds
exported.
As 1 said before, we do not propose to pay
thesebondsyet and for some years to come, or
till they mature probably ; we are only prepar-
ing to pay the interest upon them which is pay-
able in gold. Therefore the burden is no
greater upon the Government in paying the
interest of these bonds than though we do not
pass this bill. I say we must expect to return
to specie payments before these bonds matur.8.
It is the view of the Finance Committee, it is
