THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
So4t is not i&WjStiritf'that there7 should: be' a
qum'bta, I imagine.' That was the understand-1
Senate.1 ■
Mr."®ARLA'Sr.' TK.e rale requires a quorum
to-be prfesStiK**' , , •' ■
Mr, RAMSEY; -I- know that is the strict
rale; Wt'theunHerelandihgwas that the debate
should be prb'ceede'dwjth.'.
-> Mr; DAVIS. I haffe ftb"'dwibt that the Sen-
ate are a more respectabje body, oof 6f their
seats* than in them; but' still I dtf hot- think it
wojild be entirely parliamentary to proceed to
d'oMsitfesS without la quotum. 1
Mr. SAULSBURY. I-will say t'6 the hon-
orable Senator from Minnesota that the prop-
osition that the vdte should not' be taken at
night was. voted .down. >'
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 misunderstood it, then.
Mr. HA'RLAN. It is liartifest that no busi-
ness c&o be- done -unless the absent members
are notified, and, to test the sense of the Sena-
tors'jpreBent, I move that the Sergeant-at-Arms
be directed to wait on-the absent members of
the Senate and notify them that the Senate is
in session, and request their attendance.
The PRESIDENT.^™ tempore. Itis moved
that thte Sfefgeant-at-Arms be directed to notify
the absent members that the Senate isin ses;
sion, and to request their attendance.
The Motion was agreed, to,', ' . '
The PRESIDENT' pro tempore. The Ser-
geaat-at-Arms will notify Senators accordingly.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President it seems" to
me that instead of calling the members of the
Senate together now it would be much wiser
to adjourn. We cannot be so much pressed as
that. We find ten Senators here, notonethird
of a quorum, and I should suppose it would
be much more advisable that we should ad-
journ. We can get through with this measure
without sitting at night. There are very few
yet, I believe, to speak upon it. I move, there-
lore, that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that will not be
done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is not debatable. The question is on adjourn-
ment.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Several Senators having coinc in,
Mr. VAN WINKLE, (at seven o'clock aud
twenty-five minutes p. m,) Mr. President, I
move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being
on a'division—ayes 10, noes 12.
Mr. IfYE1. We shall have a quorum in a few
minutes now. I think the Senator from Mary-
land had better go on. By the time he gets in
tune they will be here.
Mi*. DOOLITTLE, (at seven o'clock and
thirty minutes p. m.) Mr. President, I ask for
another call of the Senate to see whether there
is a quorum.
' The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The roll
will be called.
The Chief Clerk Called the roll, and twenty-
two Senators responded to their names, as
follows:
Messrs. Bayard, Cattoll, Cragin, Davis, Dixon, Doo-
little, lorry, Fowler, Harlan. McCroery, Morrill of
Vermont, Nyo, Patterson of New Hampshire, Kam-
sey, Saulsbury, Stewart, Thnyer, "Van Winkle, Viok-
ers, Wade, Willey, and Williams—22.
Mr. BAYARD, (at seven o'clock and thirty
minutes.) It is very evident that there is
no quorum of the Senate present. We have
been a long time here in session, and it seems
to me a waste of time and exceedingly fatiguing
and unfitting us for our duties to-morrow to
continue in session now. I therefore move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr, NYE. I hope not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I call for the
yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays, were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 13; as follows:
Messrs. Bayard,. Davis, Dixon, Fowler,
fyade-9 Saalsbury- Van Winkle, Victors, ani
Messrs. Cattell, Cragin,' terry, Harlan,
Morrill of Vermont, Nyo, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire. Karnsey, Stewart, Sumner,-Thayer, Willey,
and Williams—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott," Anthoiiy, Buckalew,
Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Conkliag, Conness, Cor-
bett, Doolittle, Drake, Edmunds, Fessenden, J?re-
lingnuysen. Grimes, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks,
Howard, Ho#e,- Kellogg, McDonald, Morgan, Mor-
rill ol Maine,. Morton, .Norton, Osborn, Patterson
of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Pool, Rice, Robertson, Boss,
Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer, Spragite, Tipton, Trum-
bull, Warner, Welch, Wbyte, Wilson, and Yates—44.
Mr: STEWART. I hope the Sergeant-at-
Arms'will be particular in notifying the Sen-
ators from the newly reconstructed States. . I
presume theymust have mistaken the night.
It cannot be possible that they, to whom uni-
versal suffrage is so important, would other-
wise be absent from the Senate. [Laughter.]
I hope the Sergeant-at-Arms will be particular
to notify them.
Mr. S CJMNER. I will inquire of my friend,
the Senator who has the conduct of this joint
resolution, what is to hinder its being debated
now? Why may not Senators proceed' with
the debate?
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from Mary-
land [Mr. Vickers] declines to debate it until
there is, a quorum present.
Mr. SUMNER. I have very often heard
eloquent speeches in this Chamber when there
was not a quorum. I remember that Mr. Tru-
man Smith, who was referred to the other day,
once made a speech of three days in this Cham-
ber, and began by saying that he would go on
if there was the President in the chair and him-
self and one other at the proper moment to
move an adjournment, [laughter,] and he pro-
ceeded for three days; and the speech was
extensively circulated £nd exercised a great
influence over the politics of the country at
that time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms has been directed to notify the
absentees.
Mr. SUMNER, (at seven o'clock and fifty-
two minutes.) Mr. President, I do not like to
see this valuable time wasted. There are. one
or two little reports that I should like to make,
if there is no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no quorum present.
Mr. SUMNER. But every morning when
there is obviously no quorum present the Chair
receives petitions and reports from committees.
■ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
generally a quorum when a gentleman rises to
speak, but seldom very long afterward. It soon
vanishes. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. I inquired of the Chair if
it is not customary to presume a quorum.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. We can do
nothing without a quorum when objection is
made.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that rule, but
I believe it is customary to presume a quorum
until the contrary appears, and therefore,
presuming a quorum, I desire now 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
not a quorum present. That fact has been
ascertained by a call, and there can be no
presumption in the case.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg pardon of the Chair.
It is within my recollection that the late Wil-
liam Rufus King, who, as you will remember,
sir, when we came into the Senate together
had already been in the Senate some thirty
years, and was supposed to be most familiar
with the usages of the body, when he presided
in the seat you now fill was in the habit, as he
took his seat in the morning, to take a pinch
of snuff, and then, looking cursorily over the
Chamber, he presumed there was a quorum
and directed business to he proceeded with.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. The Chair
is not blinded by snuff. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. A quorum must be pre-
sumed.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. Mr.
President, is discussion in order when there is
no quorum ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Nothing
is in order until a quorum appears except a
motion to adjourn or to send for absentees.
Mr. McCREERY, I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. FERRY and Mr. THAYER called for
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered ;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 19 ;
as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Davis, Dixon, Fowler,
McOreery, Saulsbury, Van Winkle, Vickers, and
q q -
NAYS — Messrs. Cattell, Cole. Corbett, Cra,s?in,
ferry, Harlan, Howe, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Pat-
terson of Sfew Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee,
Kamsey, Ross. Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Wiltey,
Williams, and Wilson—19.
ABSENT— Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Buckalew,
Cameron, Chandler, Conkling, Conness, Doolittle,
Drake, Edmunds, Fessendenj Brelinghuysen, Grimes,
Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Kellogg,
McDonald; Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nor^
ton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Rice, Robertson, Saw-
yer, Sherman, Spencer, Spraguc, Tipton, Trumbull.
Warner, Welch, Whyte, and Yates—38.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
refuses to adjourn; but there is. not.a quorum
voting. , , . ,
Mr. NYE. If it is in order I'should like to
inquire of the Senator from Maryland if there
are not enough here to hear him, whether he
will give way and let me make a speech on
this question ? I propose to do so, and there
are plenty here—as many as I want to hear
me. [Laughter.] That will be a saving of
time; and if the honorable member will give
way I should like to proceed to debate this
question.
Mr, SAULSBURY. I should like to ask
the honorable Senator from Nevada whether
what he has to say is important or unimport-
ant ; whether it is on account of the unim-
portance of what he has to say that he thinks
there are plenty here to hear it ?
Mr. NY E. I asked the question of the hon-
orable Senator from" Maryland.' I hope my
friend, from the little State of Delaware will not
interfere between Maryland and me. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will remind the Sen-
ator from Nevada that in our revolutionary
struggle the Delaware regiment and the Mary-
land Line were always together. [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. I did not hear any reply from
the honorable Senator from Maryland, whether
he would give way and let me occupy the even-
ing. I have a speech to make of an hour or
two* [Laughter.]
Mr. VICKERS. Another Senator made the
same application to me some time ago, and I de-
clined it, and it would hardly be courteous now
in me to give way to the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. NYE. If the honorable Senator from
Maryland will tell me who the other Senator is
I will arrange the question of courtesy between
him and me, if that is the only thing in the
way.
Mr. VICKERS. It is a question of courtesy
from me, not from you.
Mr. NYE. No; it would not be any ques-
tion of courtesy if he consented, and it would
hardly be fair to raise the question.
Mr. WILLEY. As the Senator from Mary-
land has some delicacy in making that known,
I will say to the honorable Senator from
Nevada that it was myself; but I would give
way willingly to the honorable Senator from
Nevada, provided it is acceptable to the Sen-
ator from Maryland that he should go on.
Mr, HENDRICKS, (at eight o'clock and ten
minutes.) Mr. President, I think we might as
well adjourn. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. THAYER, Mr. STEWART, andothers,
called for the yeas and nays, and they were
ordered ; and being taken, resulted—yeas 10,
nays 20 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Corbett, Davis, Dixon, Fowler,
Hendricks, MnCreer-y, Saulsbury, V an Winkle, Vick-
ers. and "Wade—10.
NAYS—-Messrs. Buckalew, Cattell, Cole, Conness,
Cragm, Ferry, Harlan, Howe, Morrill of Vermont,
Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire, Patterson of Ten-
nessee. Ramsey, Ross. Stewart, Sumner, Thay or, "Wil-
ley, Williams, and Wilson—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Conkling, Doolittle, Drake, Ed-
munds, iessenden, Frettnghuysen, Grimes, Harris,
Henderson, Howard, Kellogg, McDonald, Morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norton. Osborn, Pomeroy,
Pool, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer, Sherman, Speneor,
Sprague, Tipton, Trumbull, Warner, Welch, Whyte,
and Yates—36.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen*
