lB69;r
THE- OOMJRESBIOlfAL filORBf
l I
the view'Of CofigreSsaacl'the view Of the peo-
ple and the cdmiAgrcfel community, that before
these bondsare paid we shall return to specie
payments. Therefore this bill' does not add
one cent to the debt of the Government. W6
can only pay the'interest on- these bonds in
gold, amhwe'deriVe tMt from thedntiesoiiim-
ports, whiclrtErepaj'afoleiri gold.- This igsimply
R. (inanbiat Measure. What would yott do if
you had bonds out thatwere seventy-five cents
on the dbMal-? If your awn notes Were out.,
wrjrth-seveiity-fiveeen'fson th'edollar, #'ould yoa
not promise to pay gold to satisfy your credit-
ors and theireb'y raise the value of the notes,
or would you keep them in doubt? We are
sending these bonds abroad continually. We
art sending amounts, perhaps, varying fl-om
twenty to thirty or forty millions a year, and
whatever price we can advance the bonds to
ov£r and above the present price we gaiii juSt
that much to the country.
Mr. President, it seems to we- that tb& idea
that this adds to the debt Of the- Government
is a fallacy. It doers'not. in reality add one cent
to the Government debt, because we do not
propose to pay itatthis time. 1 simply wished
to present the matter in the light in which, as
I understand, the Finance Committee and Con-
gress and the people view it. It is just ad-
vancing the price of the bonds so that whatever
bonds go abroad we get just so much more
money or productions from abroad in return
for them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Missouri, [Mr. Henderson.]
The question being fatten by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 34 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cole, Conkling, Corbott, Dixon,
Fessenden, Henderson, Pomeroy, Koss. Stewart, and
Ti umbuU—10.
XAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cameron, Cat-
tell, Chandler, Corin6ss, Cragin, Davis, Dooiittle,
Brake, Edmunds, Ferry, Frehnghuysen, Harlan,
Howe, Kellogg, McDonald, Morgan, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson ofNew Hamp-
shire, Ramsey, Rice, Sawyer, Sherman, Sumner,
Thayer, Wade, Welch, Willey, "Williams, aiid Wil-
son—34.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Buekalew, Fowler,
Grimes, Harris. Hendricks, Howard, McCreery, Mor-
rill of Maine, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Pool,
Robertson, Salisbury. bpencer. Sprague. Tipton.
Van Winkle, Vickers, Warner, Whyte, and Yates—22.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The,ques-
tion now recurs on the motion of the Senator
from Delaware, to strike out the second section
of the bill.
Mr. COLE. Before that question is taken
I desire to move an amendment to the section,
to strike out the word "hereafter," in the sec-
ond line, so that it may apply to all contracts,
whether made prior to the existence of the law
or contracts that may be made hereafter. I
believe from the intimations I have on the sub-
jectthat the decision of the Supreme Court goes
to the extent of affirming contracts made pay-
able in coin that have been made heretofore.
The PRESIDENT tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California, to strike out the word " hereafter"
in the second "line of th« second section.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENTp>o tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Delaware, to strike out the second section, on
which the "yeas and nays were ordered.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll,
and Mr. Abbott answered to his name.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to address'the
Senate on the subject-matter of this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us take the vote on
this amendment."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I observe that, the Sen-
ator 'ftotn; B'ela'wa-1%, -who made the "motion,
does not appear at this moment in his seat,
and it is'so near the time of the recess that
perhaps we had better take the recess now.
Mr. SHERMAN.^ He "said tome that he
had accomplished his purpose, and was feeling
unwell and went awtiy.
Several SEKiTouS; Let us Vote 'on this.
Mr. WILLIAM'S. T'insist on the-"vote."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. ! I have no objection to
the tote being taints on this psrtictrtfi* taction.
i Wish ta address the Senate <5n the general
Subject of the bill, and may discuss the second
secuon also.
The call of the roll w?ts resumed and con-
cluded, resulting—yeas 7, nays 36 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Cole, Davis, Dooiittle,
Fooler. Howe, and WSde—7. " '
NAYS—-ftfeSsrs. -Afrbottj Anthony; Oatneron, Ca1>
tell, GoHkiing, Canbess,, Cbrfee^t, Cra&irf, Dixon,
Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Eessenden, Frelinghuyseo,
Harlan, Kellogg, McCfeeVy, McDonald, Morgan,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn. Patterson
of New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ramsey. Rofes, Sher-
man, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Trumbull, "Welch,
Willey. Williams, and Wilson—36. 1
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Buck ale wv Grimes,
Harris, Henderson-, Hendricks, Howard, Mt>rrUt of
Maine, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Pool, JEtjee,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Spencer. Sprague,
Tipton, Van Winkle, Vickers, Warner, Whyte; and
Yates—23. -
So the Senate refused to strike out the sec-
tion.
Mr. McCREERY; I notr move to strike
'ouVthe first section of the bill !
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
first section of the bill-by striking out after the
word " that," in the Third line, the words "in
order to remove any doubt as to the purpose
of the Goveram-ent to discharge all just obliga-
tions to the public creditors, and to settle -con-
flicting questions and interpretations of the
laws by virtue of which such obligations have
been contracted ;M and to strike out all of the
section after the "word "to," in the eighth line,
in the following words :
The payment in coin, or its equivalent, of all tbe
obligations of t"h© United States, except in oases
where the law authorizing the issue of any such ob-
ligation has expressly provided that the same may
bo paid in lawful money or other currency than gold
ana silver.
And to insert the words :
An early resumption of specie payinents by the
G-overnmentin order thatconflictingquestions touch-
ing the mode of discharging the public indebtedness
may be settled, and that the same may be paid in
gold.
So tliat the section, if amended, will read:
That it is hereby provided and declared that the
faith of the United States is solemnly pledged to an
early resumption of specie payments by the Govern-
ment in order that conflicting questions touching the
mode of discharging the public indebtedness maybe
settled, and that the same may be paid in gold.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I believe the hour for
the recess has arrived.
Mr. COLE. If the Senator will give way I
will move that we now take a recess.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, The hour
of half past four o'clock having arrived, the
Senate, according to order, will take a recess
until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock p.m.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and l)y unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
970) for the mote equal distribution of national
banking capital; whieh was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on -Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a jointres-
olution (S. R. No. 242) to authorize the recog-
nition-of the independence of Cuba; which was
read twice by its title.
■Mr. SHERMAN. I ask to have the resolu-
tion read at length.
-The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Whereas the United States observe with profound
interest -tbe civil war existing in Cuba, and sympa-
thize with its people as with thepeopleof all Ameri-
can nations in their efforts to secure independence
of European'Powers; yot the United States cannot
depart from its established policy of strict neutrality
until by the usages of nations the people of Cuba
establish a do facto Government: Therefore,
Be it retolved, Sc.. Thatthe President of theUnited
States is hereby authorized to recognize the inde-
pendence of Cubawhenever in his opinion, according
to the Usages of nations and the precepts'and practico
ofSpain, a tfe/acfo Government is maintained by the
people of CJu;ia whichseoures liberty to all its inhab-
itants and other essential principles of a republican
Government.
Mft SH'SRiffiAif. 'I-awwethe refer** ncdof
the Joint i-fcsol'Ution to theCbrmnittee oa For-
eign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE asked, and unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a'joint resolution
(S. R:. "No. 243) relating to the Tnrko-Greek
controversy': which was read twice by its tide'.'
Mr. COLE. Task that the resolution-jse read'
atlehgtV, ;and then I will consent taits reference
to the Conlmittee on Foreign Relations.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Be it resolved, &e„ That the Presiderit of the Uni-
ted States be requested to communicate to the great
Powers of Burope the grave concern with -whieU.tho
United States would regard any farther imcrfei'C'iK'0
on the part o'f those Powers favoring^the perpetua^
tion of the Turkish supremacy in the isles of Greece.
Mr. NYE. That is all over. I tope We stall
have no such thing introduced here.
The joint resolution Was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and o'r'dered to
be printed."
MASONIC MUTUAL RELIEF ASSOCIATION.
Mr. RICE1."* I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up House bill-No. 1758
for consideration.
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no; let us go on with
the business regularly before us.
Mr. RICE. There will be no objection* to
this bill. It is simply to organize a Masonic
relief association in the city. . Ithas passed the
House and been reported upon favorably by
the Coifemittiee on the District of Columbia.
There can be no objection to it at all.
By unanimous co'nseirfjthe Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (H. R. N*o. 1768) toincorporate the Masonic
Relief Association'of the District of Columbia;
It proposes fo incorporate William Mertz,-Ed-
ward Edwards, Thomas B. Campbell', A. 0.
Adamson, John J. Callahan, A. T. Dessau,
John McClellan, E. H. Atkins, Richard Good-
hard, Thomas Rishton, 0. H. Uiekson, T. D.
Winter, H. V. Cole, T. H. Donahue, Thomas
U. Graham, M. A. Watson, }V. D. Chase,
Thomas Dowling, R. B. Tompkins, James 0.
Lee, Charles H. Kern, and Robert Ball; and
their successors, by the name of the Masonic
Mutual Relief Association of the District of
Columbia, with the usual powers of a corpora-
tion. The particular business and object of
the society or corporation is to be to provide
and maintain a fiind for the benefit of the
widow, orphans, heir, assignee, or legatee of
a deceased member immediately upon proof of
such death.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to have some
explanation of the bill.
Mr. NYE. I should like the Senator from
Arkansas to tell us what he means by it
exactly.
Mr. RICE. This bill is drawn from a bill
of incorporation by the Legislature of the State
of New York for a Masonic association in the
city of New York. It is with a view of con-
centrating certain funds, so that there shall
always be a sufficiency to supply not only tem-
porarily but permanently the widows and or-
phans of deceased Masons. The association
is to be made up of the members of all the
lodges, and this is to be a perpetual fund that
is not to be used or diverted for any other pur-
pose, or ever to be distributed amongthe mem-
bers, but is to remain in the corporation to be
devoted to that exclusive purpose. I do not
know of its adoption elsewhere than in the city
of New York, but it has be.en adopted there,
and, my information is from Masons here in
this city, with entire guccess. They have
organized this association heretofore, and have
been acting under it, but now wish to have it
incorporated, I have heard of no objection to
it. The bill has been before the House and
before the Senate for a long time, and there
has been no objection from any Mason of the
city; but on the other hand, there have been
frequent applications to me since it was put
under my charge to see that it was passed this
session. That is all I know about it.
■Mr. RAMSEY. Has it passed the House ?
