9 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
The point that I put to the Senator, and on
which -I want his frank, explicit answer is
■whether the mere color of the skin or the color
of the "hair or the color of the eyes,' can be
made under the Constitution, a qualification
for a voter ? That is the.point.
Mr. VICKERS. If the color of the Skin,
the color of the hair, or the color of the eye,
distinguishes one race from another, then I
say the ,c6lor of thg skin, of the hair, or of the
eye'eSminake the disqualification, and the
Legislature has a right to make it. It matters-
not whether it be-of the skin, tlie hair, or the
eye; if it be'the distinguishing mark of that
race, and distinguishes'it from our race, then
"we have & right .t'o do it. Why, sir, the Sen-
ator from Nevada,-[Mr. .Stewart;] in his
speeeh here in 1865, sSid th'at this was a white
man's Government'^ that we were of a differ-
ent raee; and the honorable Senator from
Ohio, now occupying, the chair, said that two
racks, being different, could not exist prosper-
ously and happily together, and that it would
be better that this black' race should be sent
to the tropics, where he understood they would
thrive and develop all their faculties, and that
in the'same region a'-White man would depre-
ciatei : It matters not whether it be the color
of the hair, or 'of the eye, or of the skin,' if
that distinguishes one race from another. '
Mr. SUMNER!' I see my honorable friend
does not flinch from the conclusion. ',
Mr. VICKERS. But, sir, I was going to
say that the qualifications which the Con-
stitution speaks of are the qualifications of
voters for Representatives to Congress, for
they are to have the same qualifications that
voters for members of the Legislature are to
possess. Then, to show that this is the true
meaning of the Constitution, let me refer to
the clause as to presidential electors:
" the Congress m redetermine the time of choosing
theelectora, and the day on which they shall give
their votes, which day shall be the same throughout
tho United States."
Thatisall the power which Congresslias in ref-
erence to the subject. They may,determine
the time for the choosing of the electors, and
the day o'n which they shall cast their ballots ;
and when that is exercised the power of Con-
gress over the subject is exhausted. But in
'he second section of the second article of the
Constitution it is provided that—
" Eaoh State shall appoint, in such mauner as the
legislature thoroofmay direct, a number of electors,
equal to tho whole number of Senators and Ilepro-
seotatives to whioh the State may bo ontitled in tho
Couirrcsa.
The State Legislature may appoint the elect-
ors to vote for President and Vice President
of the United States. They may elect them
or may direct them to be elected by the people
of the State if they see fit. The whole power
is in the Legislature, and it was designed to
be placed there. They are the best judges of
the mode and manner in which the elections
should be held, and they are the best judges
of the qualifications of the voters.
Mr. President, I had never heard until the
honorable Senator from Massachusfetts asserted
it to-day, that when human rights and the Con-
stitution came into conflict the Constitution
was to yield to human rights. That is the
broad doctrine which he laid down. Why, sir,
if that doctrine is to prevail, liow many differ-
ences of opinion are there in reference to hu-
roara rights? We should have no Constitution;
it would be undefined, and there would be noth-
ing tangible in reference to the fundamental
law. But if the doctrine of the Senator from
Massachusetts prevails, if human lights are
to override the Constitution of the country,
then does not the doctrine of human rights
asserted by the Senator apply as well to fe-
males as to males? The Senator from Kansas
would say it did; and I ask if human rights
are not as applicable to" woman as to man?
And if the docrine of human rights is to be the
rule by which the Constitution is to be con-
strued, then it must be so construed as to .ad-
mit female suffrage; and yet I suppose the
Senator from Massachusetts would not support
a measure of this kind. It is not unusual for
Senators to lay down a general principle and
argue upon'thatprinciple, and then in the prac-
tical application of it to come short of its re-
sults. T-h'si general doctrine comprehends
woman as well as man, and shall our sympathies
be limited to the latter? Shall our affections go
out only for the black race? Shall we not rather
include the women and give them the same privi-
leges and rights which it is attempted to con-
fer upon the negro? It has been beautifully said
that "we go to man for philosophy and to
woman for consolation and although I am
no advocate for woman suffrage, I believe that
if the Congress of the United States had been
composed exclusively of women we should
have had 110 civil war. We might have had a
war of words, but that would have been all.
[Laughter.]
The Senator from Massachusetts seems to
think that if he can accomplish this result and
extend the right of suffrage to the negro we
shall have peace. Sir, he may call it peace,
but such a peace will be at the price of consti-
tutional liberty, at the price of the destruction
of the landmarks of your Constitution. What
sort of peace is that which is achieved by
aggression upon and destruction of the very
Constitution under which we live ? It is but the
beginning of strife. The Senatorthinks it would
produce peace, but I say it would not produce
peace. He assimilates the conduct of the Dcm-
aeratic party in case this question is not set-
tled in the way he proposes to the witches in
Macbeth. But, is it not known to the Sen-
ator that he who sought the bubbling cal-
dron was destroyed? And if this bubbling of
the political caldron is to be assimilated to
that described in Shakespeare, I should think
the honorable Senator would be willing to see
it come to pass, because it would be but the
forerunner of tho destruction of that party
which he denominates the advocates of
slavery.
I could not but contrast in my own mind
the sentiments and constitutional positions
assumed by the Senator from Massachusetts
to-day witli^ the principles and the doctrines
of constitutional law which were promulgated
by his illustrious predecessor who had secured
to himself the appellation of the expounder
and defender of the Constitution. There
is not a word in anything he ever wrote, in
his orations or in his arguments, which can
sustain the views of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, the latitudinarian views
which I10 expressed to-day upon the subject
of the construction of the Constitution of the
United States. Nor did I see anything in
the authorities which were produced by that
Senator from Hamilton and Madison. What
he read from these great men related to the
enumeration of inhabitants of the country in
reference to fixing the proportion of Repre-
sentatives, and had nothing to do with suf-
rage.
If we introduce these votes which are to be
cast, not with an intelligent understanding
ot the purpose and object for which they are
placed into the ballot-box, if we are to receive
them from a class of persons who are unedu-
cated, illiterate, who cannot read your Con-
stitution, who know nothing about its checks
and its balances, about its relations to the State
governments, it is an injury, a positive injury,
to those who have the right to vote. Wh> is
it that we punish illegal voting severely? It
is because illegal voting is a fraud upon legal
voters it impairs and weakens the weight and
forcc of the legal votes which are cast; and if we
introduce these unmeaning votes, which are
not cast with an intelligent reference to the
purposes and objects for which tho right of
suffrage is given, shall we not thus weaken and
impair the rights which those have who are
entitled to vote ?
The Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Ferry]
made an appeal yesterday for extending to
negroes the right to vote because a regiment
of negroes had gone from the State of Con-
necticut and engaged in battle and a few of
them were killed and one hundred and twenty-
one wounded. Is the object of the Senator to
allow only those who engaged in battle or those
who were wounded to vote; and because they
engaged in battle is it therefore right thathuu-
dreds of thousands of others who never left
their homes shall be permitted to vote?
Mr. President, Lfelt mortified and humiliated
when the negro was placed into the Army.
I never believed that .it was necessary and
never had any doubt of the final result of the
struggle. Why, sir, it was a reflection upon
the eighteen ortwenty millions of white people
in the North and We^t to suppose that they
could not- subdue eight or ten millions in the
South with the advantages which they pos-
sessed, of a Treasury, Navy, commerce, and
prestige of a great nation among the Powers
of theearth. I feltitas a reproach and as an un-
necessary proceeding when negroes were intro-
duced into the Army on the part of the Gov-
ernment, and I have never believed that they
were placed there from necessity, but only by
the influence of politicians who thought that
they could advance the interests of party by
saying that those who engaged in the war ought
not to return to slavery. It was a step taken
in favor of emancipation, and it was to be used
as a lever by which to affect those who were not
then emancipated. I concluded, therefore,
that the proceeding was only political, and not
necessary for the safety of the country or its
military success.
The Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] is
not in his seat to-night. If he were here I
should desire to ask him one question. In his
speech the other day he paid a beautiful tribute
to woman. He said :
"In all the walks of life, retired or public, she adds
grace, elegance, and purity to every step of her path-
way, to'every work of her hand, and to every love of
her heart."
I desire to ask the Senator from Kansas
whether he meant that for the white ladies, or
whether he meant it for the black as well as
the white, because if he meant to include in
this beautiful eulogy upou woman—and it is
no more beautiful than just and true—the negro
women, I protest that they are of a different
race from those who live in the section of coun-
try where I reside.
But, sir, when we adjourned this afternoon
I had stated the position of the Chicago con-
vention, that "the question of suffrage in all
the loyal States properly belongs to the people
of those States ;'f and then I asked how was
this issue thus tendered met by the Democratic
and Conservative platform adopted in New
York on the 4th of July last? In the second
declaration of principles by that great conven-
tion T find the following :
Amnesty for all past political offenses, and tho
regulation of the elective franchise in the States by
their citizens."
Both parties concurred in the principle that
to the States belonged the regulation of the
elective franchise. In this all agreed ; they
were of one mind ; the political campaign was
to be conducted by every one with the firm
assurance given and accepted by the two great
conventions, as organs of the two parties, that
this fundamental truth was not to be a subject
for controversy.
The people en masse accepted these declara-
tions as honestly-and truly made, and did not
doubt the integrity or veracity of those who
made them. The State canvasses were neces-
sarily conducted on the principles of the na-
tional platforms; for in all presidential elec-
tions, intheexcitement, interest, andmagnitude
or the questions involved, they override all
questions of State policy, absorb public atten-
tion, and constitute the hinge upon which turn
all local elections. From my knowledge of
