THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February ift:,
jaore «.t the timeof payment than it was worth ^hen
4t was borrowed. This appears to me strictly jugt
theviewwhich a righteous arbitrator or judge would
take of the subject if' submitted to him for decision;
and it were better for the creditor than an exuberant
generosity which would promise him more than he
Is entitled to when thedebtoris but just able to com-
ply'with-his actual contract, fairly interpreted.
Looked at ia this- point of view names are nothing.
iCyou borrow a piece of coin called a dollar, having
Tn it one hundred cents*'worth of pure metal, and by
virtu© of your sovereign £ower so debase your com
that th^dailareoiitaine but seventy-fiveeents'worth,
it is repudiation or its equivalent act of injustice.
If you, in behalf of the nation, borrow coin having
in it bat seventy-five cents' worth of pure metal and
call it a dollar and afterward improve your coin and
pat in it one hundred cents' worth of pure metal to
toaketHe dollar and pay this improved dollarto dis-
charge the loan of the baser coin it is generosity to
the lender and injustice to the nation ; it is taking
from the tax-payer without reason and giving to the
capitalist Mthout consideration: the same is the
case whether the fund loaned and borrowed be adul-
terated coin or depreciated-currency."
Now, Mr. President, pat this case: suppose
that you in your individual capacity were the
sole creditor of tke United States, holding all
its-five-twenty bonds, and'suppose that you in
exchange for those bonds gave depreciated
paper money Worth only fifty cents upon the
dollar, and the Government by the express
language of its" contract with you, the express
language of the law by which it authorized the
bonds to be taken by you, declared that that
same paper money which yon give to the
United States in exchange for the bonds shall
be taken by you for the principal of the debt,
and that meantime the interest upon it shall
be paid at six per cent, in gold. I ask you
would it be just for you, having given paper
money worth but fifty cents on the dollar, hav-
ing received for six or seven years six per cent,
interest in gold upon that depreciated money,
which would be equivalent to twelve per cent,
upon the gold value with which you parted,
would it be just in the sight of Heaven for you
to say that you would not take back the same
money in payment, when it is just as valuable
and more valuable than that which you let the
Government have? Would it be just in the
sight of God or man to persist on payment in
gold of the whole amount of the face of the
bond? That is the question. If the Govern-
ment had said in the bond that they would pay
you in coin it would be bound to pay it; but it
said they would pay you interest in coin, and
that the paper money which you let the Gov-
ernment have should be a legal tender in the
discharge of every debt, public and private,
except the interest.
Mr. President, the great question with us is
how to reduce this amount of interest, for as
Mr. Ewing says, in that able paper to which I
have referred:
" It is not the depreciated currency but the heavy
annual interest on the debt that pressed with such
enormous weight on the productive industry of the
country. Wc, the people, want to reduce this bur-
den of interest and bring it within manageable com-
pass."
That is or should be the great purpose of our
legislation 5 first of all, of course, to reduce
our expenses within the range of economy,
but as far as the public debt is concerned to
reduce the rate of interest by funding the debt
in some shape at a lower rate of interest. The
burden of taxation in this country has become
so great that everywhere the great mass of the
people whom we represent, and whose inter-
ests we are bound to defend as well as the bond-
holders', whose interests we also are bound to
protect, according to a fair construction of the
contract with them, are so heavily burdened by
the taxes which are now drawn from them
that it is all-important that the Government
should take no-step by which it renders itself
powerless to reduce the rate of interest. I
maintain that if this bill shall pass which
declares that it is hereby provided and declared
that the faith of the United States is solemnly
pledged to the payment, in coin or its equiva-
lent, of the principal of these five-twenty bonds
as well as the interest, it will put it out of oar
power to fund this debt at a lower raie of inter-
est, without repudiation. The bui'Jen will
become so great, so oppressive, and the great
mass of the people will feel it to be so unjust
<thatitmay be the means of creating through-
out the country an excitement against this
mode of dealing with the public debt so great
that we may have greater troubles than we
have yet conceived of in the discharge of our
indebtedness. The burden of deforesting upon
us almost realizes what Sidney Smith 'said
would one day come upon Brother Jonathan if
he should ever indulge in the fiendish luxury
of war. He declared in 1820, in speaking of
Brother Jonathan, and what he declared then
seems almost to be prophecy now:
"We can inform Jonathan whatare theinevitable
consequences." * * * * "Taxes upon
every article which enters into the mouth, or covers
the back, or is placed under the foot; taxes upon
'everything which it is pleasant to see, hear, Jeel,
smell, or taste; taxes uposi warmth, light, and loco-
motion; taxes on everything on earth and the waters
under the earth; on everything that comes from
abroad or is grown at home; taxes on the raw ma-
terial; taxes on every fresh value that is added to it
by the industry of man; taxes on the sauce which
pampers man's appetite and the drug that restores
him to health; on ihe ermine which decorates the
judge and the rope which hangs the criminal; on
the poor man's salt and the rich man's spice; ontbe
brass nails of the coffin and the ribands of the bride:
at bed or board, couchant or levant, we must pay.
The schoolboy whips his taxed top; the beardless
youth manages his taxed horse with a taxed bridle
on a taxed road ; and thedying Englishman pouring
his medicine which has paid seven per cent, into a
spoon that has paid fifteen per cent, flings himself
back upon his chintz-bed which has paid twenty-two
percent., makes his will on an eight pound stamp,
and expires in the arms of an apothecary who has
paid a license of a hundred pounds for the privilege
of putting him to death. His whole property is then
immediately taxed from two to ten percent. Besides
the probate, large lees are demanded for burying him
in the chancel; bis virtues are handed down to pos-
terity on taxed marble, and he is then gathered to
his fathers to be taxed no more. In addition to all
this, the habit of dealing with large sums will make
the Government avaricious and profuse; and the
system itself will infalliblv generate the base vermin
of spies and informers, and a still raorepestilentrace
of political tools and retainers of the meanest and
mostodiousdescription ; while the prodigious patron-
age which the collecting of this splendid revenue
mil throw into the hands of Government will invest
it with so vast an influence and hold out such means
and temptations to corruption as all the virtue and
public spirit even of republicans will be unable to
resist."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Whose lucubrations are
those ?
Mr. DOOLITTLB. Sidney Smith. He was
giving advice to Brother Jonathan not to go to
war and get into debt.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not to have a revolution
against British power !
Mr. DOOLITTLB. Not to go to war and
get in debt.
Mr. DAVIS. Is that written about the pre-
sent condition of things in this country?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This was written a long
time ago, as long ago as 1820. One of my
friends here suggests that it is a little out of
date. Mr. President, old-fashioned, homely
truths seem to begetting out of date; but it
is well enough occasionally to remind ourselves
of some of these wholesome truths. Here,
almost as if he were an inspired prophet, he
gave 10 Brother Jonathan, forty years in ad-
vance, a foretaste of the luxury he would enjoy
after having great wars with their armies, debts,
and taxation. Sir, we have almost realized
this prophecy to the very letter. The very first
point, as it seems to me, in dealing with our
financial question is in some mode or other to
reduce this exorbitant rate of interest upon the
public debt: and I think that this bill with which
my honorable friend from Ohio is charged is
the very bill of all others to prevent him from
ever changing the five-twenty bonds into bonds
bearing a lower rate of interest.
Mr. President, I hold that the principles of
sound morality require me to deal justly with
the whole people of the United States. If the
law provided that when the creditor parted with
this depreciated paper and took the bonds of
the Government we should pay him six per
cent, interest in gold, and that he was bound,
if we tendered him back the same money which
he let us have, to take it in discharge of his
debt, if such was the law of the contract, then
I say it would be repudiation on the part of
those who contend that the Government shall
now declare that these bonds shall be paid,
principal and interest, in gold.
What have you done, sir? You have issued
your paper until the currency has become de-
preciated so that it stands at the depreciated
figure now of seventy-five cents on the dollar;
precisely the same as if you had introduced just
so much copper into your coin ; and there is
no more justice in saying that a contract which
has been made between man and man in ref-
erence to this depreciated money shall be en-
forced by payment of one hundred cents in
gold than there is in saying that the whole
debt shall be repudiated. It is injustice both
ways.
Suppose, sir, that instead of issuing this
paper by which we depreciated our money to
seventy-five cents on the dollar you added one
fourth of copper to your coin and then put it
in circulation as the lawful money of the coun-
try, and men had all arranged their contracts
on the depreciated basis ; will you tell me that
it would be right to insist that the debtor shall
pay one hundred cents of pure gold in the dol-
lar when his contract was only made for sev-
enty-five cents of gold in the dollar? There is
no justice in it. It will not bear scrutiny.
You cannot go before the tribunal of earth and
heaven, where justice is done, and maintain
that it is just to enforce a contract made in de-
preciated money in an appreciated money.
I agree thai those contracts which were made
before the passage of the legal-tender aet, be-
fore the depreciation of our currency by this
vast inflation of paper took place, were paya-
ble in gold and silver ; and I never believed
that Congress had the power to discharge those
contracts in anything but gold and silver, and
when the legal-tender act was before this body
I moved in the Senate of the United States to
except from the operation of that law all con-
tracts made before the passage of the act, upon
the express ground that the contract was made
in reference to gold and silver as its basis, that
the men entering into the contract had agreed
in substance to pay so many ounces of gold
and silver of a certain quality in order to dis-
charge the debt, and the Government had no
power to change that; but in relation to con-
tracts in futuro the rule would be different,
because since the passage of the legal-tender
act and the depreciation of the standard of
value .by the infusion of this vast amount of
paper which now stands at a depreciation of
twenty-five per cent, contracts are now made
in reference to this depreciated currency, and
therefore justice requires them to be enforced
in this depreciated currency or ils equivalent.
What did a contract made any time within
the last two years to pay a given number of
dollars mean? So many of the current dol-
lars ; and what arethey ? Your lawful money,
your circulating medium; and the Government
has no right to come in now and say that these
contracts can be discharged only by a different
kind of currency. We have no more right now,
m my opinion, "to compel private debts or pub-
lic debts to be discharged in a currency of one
hundred cents pure gold on the dollar than
we had in the beginning to say that contracts
which had been made payable in gold and sil-
ver by their terms—for the law of the case
was a part of the contract—should be dis-
charged in depreciated paper. We have no
more right to say the one than we had to say
the other, and we have no right to do either,
and the Supreme Court, by their decision, as I
understand the reasoning of the Supreme Court,
have placed themselves upon that position. Al-
though the case decided was one which arose
before the passage of the legal-tender act, and
one in which gold and silver coin was speeific_
ally promised by name, still the reasoning of
the case in my opinion goes so far as to hold that
all contracts made previous to the'passage of
the legal-tender law would be enforced in gold
or its equivalent. Therefore, sir, having that
view of the case, I voted to strike out the sec-
ond section of this bill altogether.
Mr. President, if instead of issuing paper
money we had done what almost every Gov-
ernment upon the face of the earth has done,
and which I think we have done on a small scale
