1-860.-.
THE' .(DON GrKE SSKM A h * GlOSlf
tie reasons iu -favor of . which .are imperative
and commanding. Lfby attaching.to,this res-
olution,)'era prceVida-for'the submission of this
amendment to the Legislatures-,ii^xfe,.to -be
elected" in the several .States,- you;will have
established arule whioh Congress will act upon
hereafter ; you will hitve' retfadved :from debate
in future times all-question! as to what particu-
lar. Legislature o? Legislatures are'to act upon
amend:® dnts in the several; States-? you will
avoid the difficulty; JL -.had -almost .said the
feoandal, of having amendments ratified aind
then ha'ving -that jatifia&tion rescinded, -or of
having amendments rejected and afterward
ratified ; by the. Legislatures of the several
States. .You will avoid also all question as
to whether amendments in certain, eases are Gl-
are not adopted in a competent manner. We
know it is now disputed whether the fourteenth
constitutional amendment, as it is called, has
been adopted or not by the Legislatures of
New Jersey, Oregon, and Ohio; and a similar
question arises as to another State which re-
jected it originally and afterward ratified it.
There must be some principle of law appli-
cable to this subject of ratification. la it pos-
sible that any gentleman can "pretend that rati-
fications are in order in the States at all times
until the subject bf constitutional' amendment
is disposed of, and-that, on the-other hand,,
rejections are of no account? Take the case
of the Legislature which" rejected the amend-,
meat. Was its subsequent ratification legal ?
Assume that; and then attempt to assume the
othei? doctrine, and see what inconsistency you
have assumed.
If this reasoning bo true, in what condition
are we? Why, sir, we are in this condition
that you cannot have a constitutional amend-
ment rejected finally at all in the United States;
rejections amount to .nothing, because ratifica-
tions at some future time, ten, twenty, fifty, or
one hundred years hence, may give it validity;
and, 011 the other hand, you insist that a rati-
fication, however obtained, under whatever
circumstances of misapprehension' or of haste
or of trick, or of fraud even, can never be with-
drawn by a State; it is to be forever bound by
it. You avoid all this field'of debate by desig-
nating now, wh&ti you submit tlie amendment,
the Legislatures who are to pass upon your
amendment, who are to ratify orrejeet.it.
This comprises what I desired to say upon
this point with a single exception; and that, is,
to express my own opinion upon this question
which has been debated. My idea is this:
that an amendment proposed to Legislatures
or to conventions for ratification, until the time
when it has been ratified by three fourths of
thc-States, is, of necessity, in its very nature,
a simple proposition, and nothing more; that
it becomes a contract or compact between the
States at the moment when the last Legisla-
ture or convention necessary to make up three
fourths of the States has ratified and approved
it. Until that time it is. upon the same foot-
ing as a proposition for <a contract or agree-
ment between individuals which has not been -
accepted by both or by all the parties to be
bound by it, which is therefore binding upon
none, and assent to which may be withdrawn at
pleasure by any of the parties who are to be
bound by itafter it-shall have been duly adopted
or. agreed upon. The States, so long as a con-
stitutional amendment is pending before them,
unratified by the requisite number of States, are
in the same condition' in which individuals
would be where a proposition of contract or
of agreement between them was pending and
under consideration. No State, up to that
point of time when flie amendment becomes
binding upon the.-State, becomes a contract Or
a compact between it and the other States, can
possibly in law' or in good faith or in good
conscience le. bound by it. ■ Its ..freedom of
action and its freedom of will-remain to it,
and it can exercise that freedom of .action and
of will by recalling its, assent. Arid who can
complain? What State is" injured? -No'one
can cry out upon the State that it has yiqlatgd
good faith., i; After thr^e fourths,of tke.Jstfttes
10th Cong. 3d Sess.-— No. 58.
have ratified the aiaeiidtneptit becomes,a part"
6f- thfe ConstitutioBj and. fevery'State is bound"
by. it. Of course no State can repeal the. Con-
stitution of thei.'Uiiited States, and its ds y of
choice.andiof.-Vfflitiombas passed, and passed
forever. ' ■ •
But, sir, upon my-'View of the Oonstitutiony
that Cotogress h'as powser to designate the Legis-
lature'who are to act upon the amendment;
upon -my-view th'at the power -rests with coil-1
gress to select the instrumentality of conven-
tions-in the several States, and to determine
the limit within which such conventions shall
be held and act, there is no difficulty. Then
the Legislatures designated by us must act upon
this subject if the States take any action at all,
and their action will be final, because under
the power which we possess Sve have desigriated
the authority which shall speak for' the State,,
and all the States act in view <3f our designa-
tion, and we shall in good faith be bound by
the result.' It seems to' me that thfc soundness
And legality of this posi tiott cannot be impugned.
Sir, when in proceedingun this rtianneT you
follow the; spirit and letter of the Constitution;
when you avoid all difficulties with regard to
the question of ratification by the Stales, and
at the same time you gWe the people of every
Stafe a frtl and complete opportunity of pass-
ing upon your amendment, or of selecting men
to pass upon it, in view of its existence and a full
knowledge of its character, it seems to me that
the argument becomes irresistible in favor of
adopting the proposition which I have sug-
gested, and putting an end forever to all ques-
tions of dispute and of difficulty hereafter in
regard to the submission of amendments to the
Constitution by the Congress of the United'
States. We do what is right and Reasonable
in the present instance,-and we secure a/i'tile
which will be most salutary in all future time.
Mr. President,-this is all I propose to say;'
and I have spoken upon this point to-night
because it stands out detached from the main
body of the debate upon this measure, and I
could conveniently speak upon it in a brief
period of tirHe without entering into the gen-
eral discussion of the pending measure.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator from
Kentucky will yield the floor to me, I will move
that the Senate adjourn, as it is now nearly ten
o'clock, unless the Senator would prefer to go
on to-night.
Mr. DAVIS. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I move that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and tbe Senate
adjourned.
; HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
friday, February 5, 1809. ,
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. G. B. Boyntoh.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
OIlDEIt OF BUSINESS.
. The SPEAKER. This being Friday, the
first'business in order during the morning hour
is the consideration of reports of a private na-
ture from committees. The' call rests with the
Commi'iue on the Judiciary.
Mr. Boutivell obtained the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope tlie gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutweu,] will yield
to me for a few minutes, that I may a?k unan-
imous consent 
Mr. LO'UGHRIDGE. I call for the regu-
lar order.
The SPEAKER. The call for the regular
order prevents the transaction of any other
business than the regular business Of the morn-
ing hour.
Mr. MAYNARD. What I desire is to ask
action upon a bill which I-would like'to report
from the Committee of Ways and Means. The
bill is of such a- character that it should be
passed as early as possible. It will occupy
but a few minutes. I think there will be no
objection to it.. - . ■
Mr; LOUOHKIIW'K. •-I.ir.sist on the call
f©r the regular order.-' -:-
FitfzE'ivro.N'KT Orleans.
on,
..., ,a«iend-
ii?eut in-ihd'form of a substitute,..# bill (5? R.
No. 112) fjop the, relief.of.flag- ofEeer.. P., G-.
Fiirragut, and'the officers and; men .v?ho .passed
Forts St. l'hilip and Jackson, under fire-on the
mprning of the, 2^tlj &uy, o{ April, jL86i ;
The,substitute,.which.".was read,- provides in
the first section thai tjhe -vessels attached to or
connected with Admiral Fan-ragut's fleet in;the
river Mississippi,.which participated in th? cap-
ture of New OVleans and the opening-Qf the
rivijr to that .city in the. month of. JCtty, .1862,
aud which by-law would have been.entitled to
prize money in the captures made by said ves-
sels, shall be, now entitled to the benefits of
the prize laws in the same manner, .as they
would have been had the district court for the'
eastern district of. Louisiana been then open,
aud the captures ma<Je by said vessels had.been,
libelod therein ; and any court of the United
States having admiralty jurisdiction is author-
ized to take cognizance of all eases arising out
of said captures; and the same, proceedings
shall be had thereon as in other cases of prize.
The second section provides that the shares
in such, captures awarded to the 'officers aud
men entitled to prize shall be paid out of the
Treasury of the United States.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr- Speaker, the bill,
for which the committee have reported this sub-
stitute was introduced, I believe, by my col-
league, £Mr. who is acquainted with
the circumstances of the case. I yield to him
that.he may explain the measure.
Mr- BUTLER, oCMassacliusetts. Thefleetof
Admiral Farragut, Mr. Speaker, which opened
the river to New Orleans, while it did more fight-
ing than any other fleet, has not received any
prize money for the captures made at that time.
The reason is this: the captures wero' substan-
tially river steamboats, which were taken by the
Army, used for war purposes, and sold-by the
quartermaster's department when the war was
over. They could not be sent in anywhere for
adjudication because they could not go to sea,
and they were put into the serviee as trans-
ports. Now, as they were hot' sent in for ad-
judication, the prize law will not allow any
court to have jurisdiction, and tins bill is re-
ported for the purpose of giving to the courts
now the jurisdiction that they would have had
over (he same vessels if they had been sentinto
a prize court. It is a matter of absolute jus-
tice. The money has gone into the Treasury
of the United States through the quartermas -
ter's department. I know tbe facts, and .there-
fore I have brought the matter to the attention
of the committee an<| the House.
The substitute was agreed to; and the bill,
as amended, was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third lime, and passed.
The title was then amended so as to read,
"A bill relating to captures made by Admiral
Farragut's fleet in the Mississippi river, in May,
1802."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAND CI.AIMS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. LOUGHRID&E, from the Committee
on Private Land Claims, reported back a bill
(H. R. No. 1204)' to confirm certain private
land claims in the State of Missouri, with a
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill provides that the claims of the legal
representatives of Gabriel Cerre and Sophia
Bolaye, falling within the exterior boundaries
of the commons of Carondelet, the former en-
tered as No. 60, for four hundred arpents, and
the latter as No. 27'j, for one hundred aud
fifty arpents, in the first class oi' decisions of
the board of land commissioners under Ike acts
of Congress approved 9th July, 1832,-Ahd 2d
