1869.
m^.ooEammDmAM
aw
two or- three occasions,. if we had alloyed
<Xjar currency, depreciated it by adding to it so
much alloy at the beginning of this war, if we
had taken away one fourth of gold and added
■one fourth in copper, bo that the real value of
a dollar in gold, instead of being one hundred
cents of pure gold wduld have been but seventy-
Jive cents, and that had been our currency
during all this time, and you had parted with
your bonds to the public creditor and receiyed
-that amount of eurreney, what would you say
.now if .Congress should by law declare that
bonds which were given in exchange for sev-
enty-five per cent, of gold and twenty-five per
cent, of copper should now be paid one hun-
dred per cent, in gold without any copper or
alloy? Would it be just?
Mr. President, I know that on this question
there is a great division of opinion. There
are around me gentlemen who maintain one
side, just as earnestly as I maintain the other
side. What is advisable to be done? In my
opinion it is better to rest upon the law as it is.
If the iaw under which you issued your bonds
by its fair construction makes the principal pay-
able in gold let the law stand where it is; but
if the law be otherwise, as I maintain its fair
construction is, let the law stand ; do not come
in now with a new declaration which is equiva-
lent to issuing over again your five-twenty
bonds. It is just the same as if you took in
all these five-twenty bonds to-day and passed
this law that hereafter they shall be paid in
gold coin, principal and interest, and then
issued them again to-morrow. That is the
effect of the passage of this bill ; and what effect
will it have in Wall street? What effect will
it have in the markets of London, Paris, and
Frankfort-on-the-Main? Who does not know
that the effect of this declaration will be at
once to produce a great amount of specula-
tion in the markets in New York and abroad?
Perhaps the speculations have already been
made; the purchases on time perhaps have
already been made by millions and by hundreds
of millions, and fortunes, if this bill passes,
are to be realized by the operators in Wall
street to the extent of millions upon millions
of dollars, and what good can it do our coun-
try ? What good does it do towards relieving
our burdens I Does it enable you to fund your
bonds at a lower rate of interest? How does
it enable you to reduce the amount of taxation ?
Mr. President, as.I said in the beginning, I
have no disposition to stand in the way of the
action of the Senate; but this question is so
important that I could not) allow the bill to
pass without frankly expressing some of the
opinions which I entertain upon it. I have
done so freely. I do not believe it is wise.
If the honorable chairman who represents the
Committee on Finance desires ever to succeed
in what is most to be desired in reference to
the public debt, the reduction of the rate of
interest which it bears, I do not believe that
■he can succeed by pressing this bill through
the Congress of the United States. He had
better pause and let things be as they are. Let
the industry of the country revive; let econ-
omy begin to be practiced; call home those
Americans who by thousands upon thousands
are all over Europe carrying our bonds abroad
-and spending the proceeds and bringing home
nothing valuable in return; let him urge and
let all the men who lead public opinion urge
.upon our people a more economical mode of
life, less extravagance in life, in dress, in
;equipage, for it is in these things that the sub-
.stance of oiir people is now eaten out. Sir, it
is by economy, it is by industry, it is by re-
viving all the industries, of the whole country,
East and West, North and South, that we can
ever hope to overcome this great difficulty
.which stands in the way Qf our progress.
We were not always burdened thus. The
time was when the burdens of this Government
rested sp lightly upon all the people that they
were scarcely felt at all; and 1 believe the very
prosperity of our conditipn, the burdens of our
Government resting so very lightly upon all
sections of the country,.was the basis of one of
40th Cons. 3d Sess.—No. 105.
those fatal delusions -which led the people of
the South to believe.that the'Government had
no power to maintain itself, beeauseit ireposed
no burdens upon the-people which could be
felt—the burdens and the blessings of this
Government rested upon us like tfce air which
surrounds us, essential to aw.life and our
being, yet we do not feel it. And may we
hope and trust that the time will come when
industry, frugality, ■ and economy will be re-
vived, when, we shall once more enjoy what we
enjoyed in the pa-st, ft .Government whose
blessings eame down -like the dews of Heaven,
unseen and unfeltsave in the richness and the
beauty they contribute to produce.
Mr. COLE. Mr.-President, I cannot per-
suade myself, even at this late hour of the' ses-
sion to permit this bill to go to a vote without
expressing my dissent to its provisions. I re-
gret that it comes in for discussion so late in
the session, for now its discussion must be
attended with more or less restraint. I, be
lieve the second section of the bill is rendered
entirely unnecessary by a recent decision of
-the Supreme Court. That decision, as I un-
derstand it, goes to the extent of sustaining a
contract payable specifically in coin, a con-
tract made prior to the rebellion, but the prin-
ciple enunciated in that case I believe covers
all other specific contracts, and is sufficient to
sustain contracts made after the passage of
the legal tender-law as well as contracts made
prior to that, and it will cover all cases of spe-
cific contracts which may be made hereafter.
If I am correct in this there certainly can be
no necessity for the passage of the second sec-
tion of the bill for any purpose of authorizing
specific contracts in coin. But it is alleged
that the passage of this section is desired for
the purpose of restricting the operation of this
decision of the Supreme Court. If so, I am
equally opposed to it.
I am also opposed to the first section of the
bill, which declares that the faith of the United
States is solemnly pledged to the payment in
coin or its equivalent of all the obligations of
the United States except in the eases where
the law authorizing the issue of any of said
obligations has expressly provided that the
same may be paid in lawful money or other
currency than gold or silver. This proposi-
tion was before the Senate over a year ago,
and was then very fully discussed. Since that
time until these last hours of the session it
has been permitted to rest upon your table,
and is now brought up, as I believe, without
adequate opportunity for its discussion.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmonds]
this afternoon congratulated the country 011 the
advances made toward sustaining the honor and
good faith of the country. It seems to me his
congratulation would have been more appli-
cable had it been directed to the bondholders
for their advances upon the interests of the
tax-payers, of the aggressions of the creditors
of the country over the labor-and industry of
the country.
We are told by the chairman of the Finance
Committee that it is only intended as a decla-
ration of policy ; but what are we to under-
stand by this ? Is it to be merely a vain and
empty declaration of policy, or is it to be a
solemn act of Congress, a declaration of law,
which is to be binding upon us? It seems to
me the latter will be its force and effect if it
Perhaps it is well that this question should
be disposed of without further delay., in order
that the people may know with some degree
of certainty the weight of burden upon them.
If they really owe the whole $2,556,000,000
in gold coin, as the passage of this section
will indicate, or the equivalent of that sum
in currency, amounting, at the present rate to
about thirty-three hundred and fifty millions,
the sooner it is proclaimed the better. It can
be of no advantage to the people to fondle a
delusion, however pleasant, which must finally
cost them hundreds of millions. It is custom-
ary to speak of the national debt as about two
and a half billions, but if we owe the whole of
this JS2,500,000,OOOin dollars we aefcwtUy
owe about, threer and a third billions, as we
usually estiaittte money. .
If, as is alleged, it will improve our credit to
put forth the statement that our national debt
is three And one third billions, I am sure there
is no rule -l>y which, that proposition can be
demonstrated^ and tJb e-result must depend upon
a trial for its proof. I believe the hope is father
to-the opinion and the litter a most-illegitimate
production:. . • ...
With an acknowledged indebtedness of $2,-
500,000,000, honored mail respects, according
to. the strict letter, of the obligation, our secur-
ities are worth less than seventy-five cents on
the dollar, can it be said that by largely increas-
ing the indebtedness* as this proposition .'vir-
tually does, our credit will be improved ? How-
ever elear this may seem to the bondholder st
has not yet been made so to ths debtor. The
people will never take that view of the case. An
insolvent whose available assets are unequal
to his obligations, and whose credit in conse-
quence is below par would not expect a favor-
able result from a similar transaction. It
would take a long time for him to reestablish
his credit by the process of adding voluntarily
to his indebtedness. If unfortunately one is
unable to meet his currency obligations he can-
not improve his credit by acknowledging the
indebtedness to be upon the basis of coin and
by binding himself to pay all in gold. Such a
step on the part of a person or firm would be
regarded as rash in the extreme, and instead
of improving would work an utter destruction
of credit.
What is to be gained by the adoption of this
proposition ? It will not of itself pay a dollar
of our obligations even in greenbacks, much
less in gold. It will not dispense with a single
exaction. The tax-gatherer will come as be-
fore and be not a whit less extortionate.
An admitted indebtedness of $3,300,000,000
will afford a better pretext, if one shall be
wanting, for demanding a larger percentage
on your small salary and mine. It will furnish
a strong argumeut for increasing taxes and
tariffs, which are already too high. The debtor
class, the people, the labor of the country,
which after all has to pay the debt, would repel
this monstrous proposition at once could they
be heard. The people do not nor have they
ever asked by petition or otherwise t'orthe adop-
tion of the principle embodied in this bill, and
their creditors have 110 shadow of right to de-
mand it. The form and substance of the bonds
are prescribed by the public laws, and in accord-
ance with them interest is paid regularly in
gold. Let their holders be content with what
is nominated in their favor, lest popular impa-
tience should eventually require the utmost
exactness in taking the pound of flesh.
It is not easy to divine the real object of this
proposition. The debt is either payable in
gold or it is not. If it is payable in gold as
the law now stands then there can be no neces
sity for its passage. It would only be a vain
repetition of an existing fact, and any number
of reiterations would not alter it. But if, on
the other hand, a large portion of pur debt is
not payable with gold dollars it would be great
injustice to the debtors to declare it so payable
while any description of lawful money bears a
less value, dollar for dollar, than gold. Suppose
my note is in bank for $1,000; if the banker
can exact of me its payment in gold, the gold
being at thirty-five per cent, premium, my debt
is actually $1,350, and my banker would not
relieve my anxiety nor improve my ability to
pay by graciously informing me that it is not
due till some time henoe. Such a demand, if
it could ever be enforced, would tend to impair
rather than improve my credit, and no sophistry
eould prevent that result.
Is it in a spirit of braggadocia that this dec-
laration is sought to be enacted? Is our con-
tempt of a burden of $2,556,000,000 so great
that we ought voluntarily to shoulder about
seven hundred millions more ? Can we prove
our ability to pay $2,550,000,000 by volun-
tarily, or at the dictation of our creditors, adding
