m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
March, 1833, for the adjustment of private land
claims in Missouri, as recommended by said
board., which claims were confirmad by the act
of Congress approved 4th July, 1836, subject
to location elsewhere than in place, in case of
conflict; be, and thesame are hereby, confirmed
in place, subject to any valid adverse rights, if
such exist, and patents for said claims snail be
issued accordingly. •' V ..
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. This bill was intro-
duced &y the member from Missouri, [Mr.
Pile.] "The committee upon a careful exam-
ination were satisfied that it should pass. It is
a bill entirely local in its character, and the
objeet is sin)ply'to give these parties a status
itfcoilrt. The land has been in the possession
of Cfirre and Bolaye, the original grantees from
theSpanish Government, and their assignees
fbr seventy-five years. The land:is claimed by
theviflage of Carondelet as' commons. The
parties in possession have no Other than an
Inchoate or equitable title at best, and the su-
preme courts of Missouri and of the United
States have decided that an inchoate or equit-
able title does not give a status in court'. There-
fore, for the purpose of giving the parties in
possession of this land and claiming title a
status in the courts of Missouri, so as to enable
them to test their title by sftit, and that the par-
ties may,be left to settle these claims in the
judicial tribunals, the committee deem it
proper that this bill should pass confu-ming-the
claim in place, and authorizing a patent to issue
as provided in the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mn -LOiJGHRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
tiie table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FINE AJRTS.
Mr, WOOD, by unananimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. II. No. 1866) to promote the
progress of the fine arts; which was read a
first and socond time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
ILLINOIS IKON AND BOLT COMPANY.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee of Ways and
Means for present action a bill (H, R, No.
18fi7) for the relief"of the Illinois' Iron and.
Bolt Company.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to examine a judgment by confession ren-
dered on the 2d of October, 1865, in the United
States circuit court, northern district of Illi-
nois, against the Illinois Iron and Bolt Com-
pany, for $5,500, for certain alleged violations
of the internal revenue laws, and to refund to
the said.company so much of the amount paid
info the Treasury of the United States as upon
investigation he may- think it right and proper
under'the circumstances Of the case to remit.
Mr: BENJAMIN. I object.
, Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the gentleman
to' withdraw his objection until I can explain
the bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw it .for that
purpose.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As this is a case in
my own district I understand it. The'biilwas
introduced by me last session, was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and re-
ported back unanimously by that committee.
This is a little company engaged'chiefly in the
laaflufafiture of sad-iron and thimble skeins—
something of that sort. The company was
informed against by some one as not having
made proper returns of their manufactures.
One of the partners who had had charge of
the matter was sick and absent. The other
partner knew nothing about the books. A clerk
whom they had employed,'and who had made
the returns for eight months, in his own exam-
ination said, yes, there was a mistake, and the
proper returns had not been made. This re
matuiug partner was induced by threats and
iatiuiidatioa to go into Chicago and confess
judgment in eleven penalties of $500 each. He
then, having discharged his clerks-employed
an expert bookkeeper, a man who understood
the keeping of books ja .d was reliable, to
examine the books. Upon an .examination. it
was found that for three months of the eleven,
when one of the partners had made the return,
the return was precisely accurate, arid that for
the other eight months, when the clerk had
njade the return, he had returned as manu-
factures a great many thingSj such as cord
wood and articles turned over to the men by
the company as wages, abd old scrap-iron
that had come in was put on the books. The
partner then applied to Judge Drummond, of
the United States district court for Northern
Illinois, for an examination under the statute,
but in the mean time the money had been
paid into the Treasury. Judge Drummond
made a thorough examination, summoned wit-
nesses and examined them under oath, and
made his report to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. From that report of Judge Drummond
it appears that the facts are as I have stated.
The Secretary of the Treasury, upon examin-
ing the report with the evidence submitted by
Judge Drummond, wrote to the parties that
it was no doubt all true, but that, unfortu-
nately, as the money had gone into the Treas-
ury, he had no authority to pay it back without
the action of Congress. The parties there-,
upon come to Congress, They do not ask
to be relieved from the amount which went to
the informer. That is gone; they have been
cheated out of that;, but. they do ask that the
Government shall not take advantage of the
swindle which an informer. practiced upon
them. These are the.facts as they appear in a
letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
which the gentleman from Tennessee has in
his possession, and upon which the committee
have reported the bill. I ask the gentleman
from Missouri to .withdraw his objection, and
let the case go to the Secretary of the Treasury
for settlement. The parties are honest, hard-
working men.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw the objec-
tion.
The bill was read a first and second time,
ordertd to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr, MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to'reconsider1 be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TKADK WITII BRITISH PROVINCES.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read,considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby directed to famish to the House any inform-
ation he may have as to the stato of the American
fisheries on the coast of the provinces of British North
America, and the license and tonnage duties levied
thereon, and also the state of the trade between said
provinces and the United States,
DRAINAGE OP WASHINGTON CITY.
Mr. MOORE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. ) for authorizing
the straightening of the Washington canal for
the more perfect drainage of the city; which
was read a first and second time, referred, with
an accompanying plan, to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the various
votes by which bills, &c., had been referred;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PILE. I demand the regular order of
business.
SOLOMON OLIVER.
Mr. ORTH', from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that the same do pass, House bill
No. 1588, for the relief of. Solomon Oliver.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
preemption entryNo. 422, in the name of Jesse
Wilson ;Shtrllj allowed July 18, .1835, at the
Mineral Point, Wisconsin, land office, for the
east half, southeast quarter of section No. 36,
township one north* range one east, and which
was assigned in July, 1835; to Solomon Oliver,
be,, and the same is hereby^ confirmed ; and
directs the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to cause a patent to be issued thereon
in the name of Solomon Oliver.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being ©ngi-ossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ORTH. I ask the Clerk to read a letter
from the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, which will explain the necessity for the
passage of this bill.
The Clerk- read as follows:
Department op the Interior,
General Laud Office, January 30,1869.
Sie: Referring to. your personal interview of this
morning relative to the Mineral Point, Wisconsin,
preemption cash entry. No. 422, of Jesse Wilson
bhull. made July 18,1835, upon the east'1 half of the
southeast quarter of section thirty-six, township
one, range one east, and assigned to Solomon Oliver,
I have tne honor to state that said entry was can-
celed by the district officers on the ground that Said
tract was alleged to be mineral land.
By the Commissioner's letter of Deoember 3,1835,
the district officers were instructed, upon satisfactory
proof being furnished them that the entry was upon
mineral lands, to refund the purchase-money, take a
receipt therefor, and notify this office of .the date of
repayment, in order that the certificate on file hero
might be canceled.
There is nothing upon our files showing said tract
to bo mineral land, and it does not appear that any
testimony was furnished thedistriet'officers showing
its mineral ciaracter, nor does it app.ear that a re-
payment of the purchase-money was made. The
entry appears from our records to have been inad-
vertedly or erroneously canceled by having been
classed with other entries known to have been made
upon mineral lands.
Our records also show- that said entry was made
under a public proclamation ottering the lands in
said township at public sale, September 7,1835: and
seotion three of the act of July il, 18'ifi, page 37, vol-
ume nine, Statutea-at-Ln.rge, provides that mineral
lands in Wisconsin, if not entered at private sale
within twelve months after the date of public sale,
shall be subject to sale as other lands. Hence said
tract is now, so far as our records show, subject to
preemption and homestead entry at $1 25 per aero,
there being no claim there,to except the equitable
one held by Solomon Oliver.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH S. WILSON,
Commissioner.
Hon. A.Mas A Cobb, House of Representatives.
Mr. ORTH. Unless some further explana-
tion is desired I'call the previous questionon
the passage of this bill. '
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. ORTH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that'
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHEROKEE NEOTRAL LANDS.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
be allowed to report back from the Committee
on the Public Lands a bill and a substitutethece-
for, which it is important shall be passed at
once. I think there will be no objection to it.
Mr. PILE. If itleadsto discussion I must
call for the regular order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I will not
if we can have a vote on the bounty bill.
The SPEAKER. The substitute will be
read, after which the Chair will ask for objec-
tion. . •
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
report backfrom the Committee on the Public
Lands House bill No. 1826, relating to the
Cherokee neutral lands, with a substitute.
The substitute was read, as follows1:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, Thatso much of the treaties between the United
States and the Cherokee nation pf Indians, pro-
claimed August 11,18tf6, and June 10,1868, as profess
to authorize s sale of the lands described in the sev-
enteenth article of said firstmentioned treaty, audall
contracts and grants purporting to be made thcre-
undor.be, and are hereby, annulled and declared
void ; and said lands shall be, and are hereby,-made
subject to sottlcinent, entry, and sale at $1 25 an
acre, under the laws of the United States regulating
preemptions, which laws are hereby extended over
object i
