1869.:
mm
is to pay regard to the interests of all—the poor
as well as the rich, to labor as well as capital,
to the unfortunate as well as the fortunate. I
fear the tendency of much of our legislation is
to make the rich richer and the poor poorer.
This is not an unnatural result of the great
■calamity of civil war and the creation of a large
creditor class in the Republic. The rich and
powerful are always vigilant and active, while
the poor, intent alone upon their own subsist-
ence, Are apt to overlook their rights. ;
But the eternal principles of justice can never
be violated with impunity. While we render
unto Caesar the thiiigs that are C®sars the more
humble citizen must not be neglected.or for-
gotten.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Welch
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Hen-
derson.] •
Mr. SHERMAN". Let it be read.
The Chief Ci.bbk. The amendment is to
strike out in the first section, after the word
"that," the following words :
In order to remove any doubt as to the purpose
of the Government to discharge ail just obligations
, to the public creditors and to settle conflicting ques-
tions and interpretations of the laws by virtue of
which such obligations have been contracted.
And after the words "pledged to," in the
eighth line, to insert:
An early resumption of specie payments by the
fioverr,ment,in order thatconflieting questions touch-
ing the mode of discharging the public indebtedness
may be settled, and that the. same may be paid in
gold.
And to strike out the residue of the section,
so that the section, if amended, will read:
That it is hereby provided and declared that the
faith of the United States is solemnly pledged to the
early resumption of specie payments by the Govern-
ment, in order that conflicting questions touching the
mode of discharging the public indebtedness may be
settled, and that the same may be paid in gold.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest if the Senator
wants this section amended that he move to
strike out all the words down to the close of the
seventh line, so as to read grammatically, and
then it will stand :
That the faith of the United States is hereby sol-
emnly pledged to the payment of the debt in coin.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not object to that.
Strike out to the end of the seventh line con-
taining the first word "that," so as to read:
That the faith of the United States is solemnly
pledged to theearlyresumption of specie payments,
and, kc.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, as this bill
came from the House it was applicable only to
the payment of bonds ; it was made applicable
only to interest-bearing obligations; but it has
been amended by the committee here so as to
strike out the words "interest-bearing," and
therefore applies the pledge to payment in coin
of all the obligations of the United States
except those that are expressly made payable
in currency. Under the operation of this
amendment the pledge to pay in coin is made
applicable to the United States notes, com-
monly called greenbacks. This part of the bill
meets with my approval. I believe it is the
first time that it has been proposed in Congress
to declare that the greenbacks are to be paid
in coin. Although logically there is nothing
else in which a greenback can be paid, yet 1
believe it has never been sought or desired on
the part of those who have been tinkering with
the law upon this question to declare that the
greenbacks were payable in coin.
Mr. President, if the bill shall pass in this
form the faith of the Government is solemnly
pledged to the payment of the currency in
coin—not that the currency may be funded ;
not that it may be indefinitely postponed; not
that it shall be allowed ,to run until natural
causes shall improve itbut it is now proposed
to pledge the faith, of the Government that it
shall be paid in coin.
Mr. POMEROY. That was so before.
Mr. MORTON. , That was the logieal result
before, but it has never been, so declared, and
I congratulate the; Committee on: Finance as
having taken a Jong step in the right dire.ction.
When this Government has given an assurance
to the country that the. United States notes
shall be paid in coin certain duties, will result
from that pledge. It will then become a.duty
to take steps to make the pledge good and to
pay these notes in coin. They are bow due, over
due ; the bonds will not be due for.years; and
when we solemnly pledge the faith of this Gov-
ernment that they shall be paid.in coin it de-
volves on us an immediate duty of making
preparations for such payment. -i
If I could vote for this part of the bill' with-
out voting for the rest of it I would be glad to
do so, but I cannot vote for this first sectibn
because it commits me to a definition of the
contract and a construction of the law in regard
to the five1 twenty bonds that I do not believe to
be true. This bill proposes to settle conflict-
ing questions in regard to the interpretation of
the law and to declare the true intent and mean-
ing of the statutes creating the several classes
of bonds, and providing that all of them, ex-
cept those expressly made payable in currency,
shall be paid in coin. I do not believe that is
the law. I cannot vote for that declaration
without proving-false to my own convictions,
and therefore I will not vote for it.
And now I propound this question : it is
either intended by this bill to make a new con-
tract, or it is not. If it is intended to make a
new contract I protest against it. We should
do foul injustice to the Government and to the
people of the United States, after we have sold
these bonds on an average for not more than
sixty cents on the dollar, now to propose to
make a new contract for the benefit of the
holders. And therefore, if the effect of this
declaration is to make a new contract, is to
assume an obligation that does not now exist,
I protest against it. If it does not propose to
make a new contract, but simply to enforce
that which now exists by law, then it is unne-
cessary.
Mr. President, this bill begins with a title
"An act to strengthen the public credit." It
is a small stump speech injected into the title
of the bill. The idea that we are to strengthen
the credit of the United States by this enact-
ment would be absurd if it did not emanate
from such a highly respectable quarter. That
the credit of this Government is to be improved,
or, in the language of this bill, is to be strength-
ened by a resolution, I do not believe. No,
sir ; that will not be the effect of it. What is
the purpose of it, and what will be the effect
of it? Simply to raise the price of bonds in
the market and to put money into the pockets
of the speculators.
Sir, it is understood, I believe, that the pas-
sage of a bill of this kind would have the effect
in Europe, where our financial questions are
not well understood, to increase the price of
our bonds and increase the demand ; and that
will enable the great operators to sell the bonds
they have on hand at a profit. It is in its na-
ture a brokers' operation. It is a "bull"
movement, intended to put up the price of
bonds for the interest of parties dealing in
them. This great interest is thundering at the
doors of Congress and has been for many
months, and by every means attempting to
drive us into legislation for the purpose of mak-
ing money for thegreatoperators. Thatiswhat
it means, and nothing else. So far as it may
have any effect upon the future result, as to
whether these bonds actually will be paid in
coin or currency, it can have none possibly.
Why, sir, do we not all know just as well as we
know anything that if when the first five-
twenties shall come due in 1882 our currrency
is still depreciated and we have not returned
to specie payments we cannot pay these bonds
in gold ? This Government cannotprocure the
gold on a depreciated currency to pay these
bonds. Hence, no difference what the con-
tract may be, no difference what may be the
declaration of the law, if when these bonds
come due we have returned to specie payments
and our currency is equivalent to gold, then we
shall pay in gold op its equivalent without
regard to the contract, because we shall, have
nothingelse to pay in. So far. >aa ■ the final
result.is concerned, it makes no. kind of differ-
ence, what the contract is, one wayor the,other.
If when, these bonds come due we .havo ie-
itnrnedto specie payments we sh^lMve nett-
ing to pay with but gold or its, equivalents■> if
we shall: not have returned to specie paymenfe
•we cannot pay in gold; .we must either pay in
currency or not pay at all. . •
Whatgood is to be obtained by this declara-
tion so .far as the final result is concerned?
Absolutely nothings Why, sir, here is an excep-
tion in the bill that:is wholly unnecessary!. .
Except in cases Where the law-authorizing tile
issue of any such obliga tion has expressly provided
that the same may be paid in lawfulmoney.
•That exception is of no importance at all,
because when we. corae to specie payments
our lawful money will be equivalent toeoih.
Therefore we will pay those bonds.in. just the
same money that we will pay others that, arte
provided expressly to be: paid in coin. Then,
■Mr. President, why this higgling about the con-
tract? It cannot possibly affect the future
result. It is therefore for the present. It is
simply for speculative purposes, and for no
others.
Mr. President, I confess my surprise that
the same committee that brought forward the
bill which we discussed, the other day, and
which, I believe, died a natural death in this
body, should now indorse this one. What
was the purpose of that bill? It was to pro-
vide that the surplus gold now in the Treasury,
and that which is hereafter to acerae through,
the form of gold notes, should be applied to the
purchasing of these securities in the market at
the market price. Of course it was-the interest
of the Government to get those bonds, when it
came to buy them thus, at as low a price as
possible ; but here is a bill the object of which
is to put up the price of those bonds in the mar-
ket so that the Government would have to pay
more for them. I disagreed-to that policy,
because I said it was bad faith—and I desire to
repeat that statement here to-night—to take
the gold in the Treasury and use it for the pur-
pose of buying up bonds that would not become
due for years, instead of applying it to the pay-
ment of obligations that are now due and
which we are bound to pay in coin or not
at all.
But, sir, while it is contended one day that
we shall take our gold and buy up these bonds
in the market and let the currency go, by the
next bill the attempt is made to raise the price
of these bonds in the market, and thereby in-
crease the cost for which we will get them. As
has been stated here to-night, if this bill passes
all prospect of funding the public debt until
we return to specie payments has passed away.
When you have declared that a six per cent,
bond is to be paid in gold, and you give the
public a general assurance of that kind, willyou
expect the holder of that bond voluntarily to
give it up and take a four and a half per cent,
bond? No, sir; all prospect of funding the
debt after the passage of this bill must be put
by until we return to specie payments.
When do the Committee on Finance expect
to return to specie payments ? According to
the bill we had before us the other day there
was a theory for that; there was a mode of re-
turning to specie payments ; and that was that
the currency was not to be brought to paruntil
the five per cent, bonds were brought to par
until the bonds bearing thelowest rate of inter-
est and the last ones to get to par bad been
bought up. ' Why, sir, it would take ten or
fifteen years, perhaps, to accomplish that. The
eurrency was put behind the whole bonded
debt, according to the theory of that bill.
Although that bill has perished its friends have
not given it up; and here is a bill that says
substantially to the country, all ideas of fund;
ing must be put away until \ve have returned to
speeie payments. , .
Now, sir, after we return to specie payments
we can fund the debt. How? We can take
