816
WM CIO^OEISSIONM, BhOm.
February %
Mj;. ,WAIf$.., Had lie no.f-quarters furnished
bjni'as a provost ip.arshal ?
Mr. WASHBURN,'of Indiana. He fi-
nished Jijs own. Be did not have any as pro-
vost marshal because he never was one.
Sir. WARD. . I^fehftd quarters at the Gov-
ernment expensg, , . , ... . ,
Indiana. He only
wants"to sta'ncl on"the" same .footing a&.pfhex
adjutant,generals.oji totalled*'duty, . ' ■ ,
Mr. (iOBB. "Wh ere was thtfvoffice station,ed?
Mr. W ASTTRTJBN, of Indian a.. At Indian-
apolis, in the, .§ij$ifj "c|i!j!tpct, tjj$ heaviest, dis-
trietintbe State, " 1 _ '
Mr. C0BB- One qih^r ^es|iore^ , How
manj buildings and what amount of* quarters
were, paid fyr by. tke (Jpv.erpipen:t at-Indian-
apolis. ' ■ '.
Mr. WASSp,UB.^r,,of Indiana. I presume
no less and no more than was due to the officers
there in charge; bat as I said before'nothing
has been jiaid to this officer, My eollcague
from the Indianapolis district [Mr. Coburn]
can answer'the gentleman's question better
than I cati. - ■
Mr. COBURN.' I was not-present at Indi-
anapolis all the^ time,1 but there Whs jv general
provost rnafehal' 8 office tlvere; This officer liad
an. office 'Uke all the other military officers "on
duty at the place, there being'a good many
other military officers there at the 'time. The
other officers were famished with com imitation
for quarters and fuel, 'and there is no reason
why Captain Braden should not be furnished
as they were, he having had no quarters or fuel
furnished hiin.
Mr. WABD. Did he not have all the accom-
modations that any other provost marshal had,
a house or residence ?
Mr. GOBURN. He got the same accommo-
dation that any other military officer had who
also got commutation of quarters and fuel, and
none other.
Mr. WABD. Did he not fare just'.aa well as
any other provost marshal in the, service
Mr. WASHBURN, Of Indiana. He did not
get as much as some of them' did', at least in
New York.
Mr. COBURN. He fared as well and no
bettor than any other officer in the service
who got eomndutation for quarters and fuel,
while ho did not.
Mr. WARD. I think as it appears that this
provost marshal was about as well taken carp
of as the average of officers in the military
service, we had better lay,the bill on the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana.' I do not
yield for that motion.
Mr. WARD. I apprehend it is no matter
whether the gentleman yields or not.
The SPEAKER. While the gentleman
from Indiana is upon the floor the motion of
the gentleman from New York is not in order.
Mr. WARD. Well, I want to make that
motion,at the* earliest opportunity.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Iridiana. I demand
the previous question on the bill.,
Mr. WARD. I move to lay the bill .on the
table.
The question was put; and the House re-
fused to lay the bill ou the table—ayes fifteen,
noes not counted.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to, be engrossed
and read^a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WASHBURN^ of Indiana, moved to
reconsider the vote by which th e bill was passed;
and also moved .that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table."
The latter ro.ptioa was agreed to.
WALTER B. PLOWDEN.
Mr. HAWKlJf^, from the Committee on
/Iilitcirv AfTuiro ,-^1    j.1. _
v v/ \ji . .^• ft,iW."uP("j,^uugpayraeric
for ms services as a scout; the same was
laid on the table.
; , . , ,a..b, s4,ub0r  
Mr.. HAWIilNS, from the same: eons mi ttee,
reported adversely upon the petition of" A-. B.
Baipbo., late.first lieutenant off-the third, regi-
ment Tennessee cavalry, praying compensa-
tion' for services in the Army as regimental
commissary ; Tyliiek was laidon- the.table, •
JA-'Mas^HOlVtPgON.', s',;V
- ,Mr. 3'AWEI$S,.£rpin the saipe'committee,
t3kf> feMjrted'.'fidve'rsely upon the petition of,
JabWs xhomp^tin, for allowance. of'-P^yj anil
the same was laid on the table". ' " ""
captain qoldman bryson.
Mr. HAWKINS, frpm the satne committee,
reported a tilj (H- R. No< ,j.8.72), providing for
the payment of Captain ■Goldnian Bryson's
mounted pompany-; which was read a first and
second time. • ' .
The question was, upon ordering, the .bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which yr&a reac[,,provides- that the
company of minted, volunteers raised and
commanded by Captain Goldman Bryson, of
.Cherokee county, North Carolina, under-au-
thority of Major General Rosecrans, and re:
ceivedinto the sprvice Df the United States by
Major General Burnside, September 29, 1863,
•and sqch.njen as wereaccepted'into the service
of the United States, by the said Captain Gold-
man Btyspn^w.ithjin one-month thereafter, and
the widows, heirs, and legal representatives of
the officers and enlisted men shall be entitled
to pay, bounty, pensions,, and allowances ac-
cording to their grade and time .of service as
other volunteers in the' service of the United
States, under such rules and regulations as
may be adopted by the proper - accounting
officers of the Treasury.
Mr. WARD. Is there a report in this case?
Mr. HAWKINS. There iS.
Mr. WARD. Lot the report be read.
The report was read.
Mr. HAWKINS. I now call the previous
question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
tnain question ordered.
The bill wa3 then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr, HAWKINS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JlSifFEltSON "VV. DAVIS-
Mr. HAWKINS, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, also reported a bill (H. R.
No. 1878) for the relief of 'Jefferson W. Davis;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
he engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Pay-
master General of the army to pay to Jefferson
W. Davis, late of the- sixty-fourth regiment
New York volunteers, a sum equal' to the pay
and emoluments of a second lieutenant of in-
fantry, from June 1, 1864, to May 10, 1865,
deducting therefrom whatever pay he may have
received during that period.
Mr. COBB. Is there a report in this case ?
Mr. HAWKINS. There is.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let the report be read.
The report was read, and states that Jeffer-
son W. Davis was first sergeant of company H,
sixty-fourth regiment New York volunteers.
On the 12th of May, 1864, he was recom-
mended by his commanding officer for promo-
tion. On the 28th of May, 1804, he wascom-
missioned by the Governor of New York as
first lieutenant with rank from May 12, 1864.
His commission, was received at regimental
headquarters June 1, 1864. Prior to the're-
ceipt of the commission, on the 12th of May,
1864, Davis was severely wounded in action at
Spottsylvania and sent to the hospital, and did
not again join his regiment until May 10,1865.
On the 3d of July, 1864,>.he .was assigned to
company C of the sixty-fourth r,egiment. While
absent from his regiment he applied to be mus-
tered, as. an,, officer, but the mustering officer
refused, .because of the loss of liis (Davis's)
arm, and because he was absent from his regi-
inent at the time bis commission reacted him.
The Committee on Military Affairs recommend
the passage of a bill'for his -relief.
.Mr. HAWKINS, ' 1 call the previous ques-
tion on this.bill. : ! .
' The previous question was seconded and the
lijain question ordered. . ' .. ;
. • The bill was, then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it'WaS accordingly read the third tknp, and
passed. , ,
; Mr. HAWKINS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill,Was.passed; and also
moved tHat the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table. . • ;
.. The latter motion .was.agreed to.r
- ■ FLOR.ANCB SOASfNKUD. i .
Mr. BROOKS. As Florence Scannell, a
citizen of New York, has become, by the
action of this body, and without his own' eon*
sent, a quasi member of the House, I rise to
move that he be expelled. . [Laughter.] I
submit the following resolution: -
Resolved, That Elprance Scannell bo discharged
from the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms without
the payment Of costs. ' '
Mr. Scannell states to me that he is here at
the expense of the Government, without the
means of paying the fines which have been
imposed Upon him by this House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
move to go to business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, can that moi-
tion supersede a high" question of privilege
under the rules—a matter concerning personal
liberty and personal right ?
The SPEAKER. This is an unusual case;
but the Chair will rule that when a question
of privilege is before, the House the ordinary
rules of the House sire suspended until that
question has been considered. A question of
privilege supersedes all ordinary business, in-
cluding the business of the morning hour,
except on private bill days, Rule 128 provid-
ing that on days appropriated to the consider-
ation of private business, that business cannot
be set aside except by an absolute vote of a
majority of the House. But the private busi-
ness of the morning hour having' been this
mOTning disposed of, this question of privilege
introduced by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] must be disposed of, all other
business being set aside till this-is acted on.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, I was about
to, say, when interrupted, that this constituent
of mine, from no fault of his own, has been
subjected to a fine,which he is upable to pay;
and" in consequence Of his inability to employ
counsel .to make out,such a written statement
Of his case as may accord with the*precedents
of the House, he has requested mo to state for
him that he is unable to pay the fine which ha?
been imposed upon him by the House;, that he
intended no contempt whatever toward the
House or the committee; that bis refusal to
answer a question propounded to him by thq
committee when sitting in New York arose from
his ignorance of parliamentary law and con-
gressional precedent; that, unadvised as to
what course he should pursue,-he believed that
when a matter had been communicated to him
by a political'opponentj.a man with whom he
was not in,party sympathy, it was a point of
honor that he should "not disclose the matter
till relieved from the obligation either by the
superior power of this House or by the per-
mission of his friend that he should answer as
•required by the committee.
,-i'baVe therefore, Mr. Speaker, moved the
discbarge of Mr. Scannell from the custody of
this House on the ground that he intended no
contempt; that whatever contempt may have
been committed he regrets; that to require the
payment,of the fine is a continued incarcera-
tion during the lifetime of this Congress, an
incarceration from which he can be released
only by the action of this House.- This appeal
'is not made in the form, of a; legal argument,
