1869..
Tm CONGRESSIONAL #L01Il
mm
lawful money. That is-his idea. Sir, the people
of the United States do not desire now to pay
a'riy more of the ■ principal of this public debt
than one per cent., a small amount, and to
adopt a policy which will in the end pay the
whole of it. But what shall we do in the mean
time? Shall we suspend specie payment until
we can pay the whole of this debt by taxes?
Is that the policy of the gentleman ? Is the pay-
ment in specie to be-postponed indefinitely ?
My friend from Indiana says only for two years,
and then he would bring it about by hoarding
gold and by hoarding greenbacks.
Do aur Democratic friends propose to post-
pone the resumption of specie payments until
thk debt matures, until we can gather in a suf-
ficient amount of taxes to payoff the principal
of the debt in lawful money? No, sir.. The
honor of the country, the good faith of the
nation, the public interest of the laborer, the
rich and the poor, all classes demand that we
should resume specie payments as early as pos-
sible and place all the obligations of the people
of the United States upon the solid basis of
gold and silver coin. We cannot delay that
primary duty; and therefore I look upon this
first section as simply a declaration that we
will now perform our primary duty of making
our notes equal to coin, and I have no doubt
that if that policy is pursued and adopted the
bondholder will be glad to get the lawful money
of the United States in payment of his bond.
But now all that this first section does is to
declare as a matter of public policy that the
notes and the bonds shall alike be paid in gold ;
•the bonds as they gradually mature, and the
notes long before any of the bonds mature.
Why, sir, none of these bonds mature until
1881, and we cannot get the lawful money to
redeem them even at the end of five years,
when we have the right to redeem them, except
by taxes. We cannot draw in the lawful money
of the United States except by taxation. We
cannot adopt the repudiating scheme of our
Democratic fellow-citizens of the United States
of issuing broadcast in violation of law a large
amount of legal tenders and thus repudiating
our debt. I never could see how honest men
could propose that. Then, the only way we
can get lawful money to pay this debt is by tax-
ation, and our people will endure no more than
they are now paying. They have no desire to
assume all the burdens of paying the public
debt now. They are willing to see a portion
of it postponed, but in the mean time we cannot
prolong this suspension of specie payments
until we can avail ourselves of that privilege.
I say, then, that the primary duty of the
United States is to resume specie payments as
rapidly as possible and make the lawful money
of the United States equivalent to gold. There-
fore I look to see the bonds of the United
States advancing step by step with the money
of the United States to the par of gold. Sir,
it gave mc a thrill of pleasure when I saw that
the bonds of the United States are now worth
eighty-nine cents in gold in the markets of
London. I do not care who made money by
it; God knows I did not. I have no interest
.in it directly or indirectly. I was glad to see
our bonds appreciate in the market, and that
the holders should get the benefit of that appre-
ciation ; and I trust that in three or four or six
months, or a year, these bonds will touch par
in gold.
But my honorable friend from Wisconsin
comes back and says, how can you fund the
public debt? I will tell him. We will do it
just as England and just as every other coun-
try did that reduced the rate of interest.
Whenever the bonds of the United States rise
above p.ar in gold, then we can place in the
money market of the world a bond bearing a
lower rate of interest. If our bonds this day
had reached the par of gold we could put in
the market without question or difficulty a
bond bearing a lower rate of interest. Sir, I
believe that if we would now wisely and per-
sistently, firmly and boldly, march to the re-
sumption of specie payments in such a way as
not to distress our people, not by increasing
taxes,.but by. steadily appreciating otjf prtMie
credit until the five per cent. bdnds rise to par
in gold, the whole of the six per .-cent, bonds
could be paid off. There, is now only .about
fifteen per cent, difference between the market
value of the ten-forty bonds and gold. If we
can wipe out that fifteen per cent, by an ap-
preciation of the public credit then your fiyid-
ing will go on with rapid.speed; the whole of
the five-twenty bonds Trill be paid off.
Why, sir, when the bonds of England rose
to one hundred and three per cent., three per
cent, above par in gold, then it was that they
reduced the rate of interest one per cent, by
putting a bond at a lower rate of interest in
the. money market. That is the only way that
you can carry put a process of funding. In my
judgment it is the most rapid way.. If we were
able to gather in taxes more rapidly, if we were
able to levy upon our people a larger amount
of taxes and apply fifty or one hundred million
dollars to the payment of the principal "we
could carry on the process just so much the
more rapidly, but we dare not extend our sys-
tem of taxation without losing the confidence
of the people. The only other resort is-to ad-
yance our public credit, to elevate our bonds
from the slough of despond in which they were
cast by the burden of the war, to elevate our
public credit to where it was before the war,
and then the burden of this interest will pass
away by the reviving credit of our country, and
we may hope to see our bonds bearing in the
money market of the world, in the hands of
the rich and the poor, the foreign and the native,
all the credit that now clusters around the three
per cent, consolidated debt of England. Then
it may be that we will not satisfy ourselves by
reducing the rate of interest to five but to four
and a half or four per cent,.; and probably
within twenty or thirty years we may stand as
Great Britain does with our credit such that
we can get par for our bonds at three and a
half per cent, interest in gold.
But, sir, in the mean time we must not be
diverted from the difficulties that stand in our
way. In my judgment the plan reported here
at this session by the Committee on Finance
is the best, the most rapid, and the most effect-
ual way to bring about this state of affairs. I
am not discouraged by the reluctance of the
Senate to assume it. I know that such proposi-
tions are always of slow growth. But I assure
my honorable friend from Indiana that if he
supposes that any section or line or word of
that currency bill is dead, or even that it sleeps,
he is very much mistaken. He will find it either
in whole or in part meeting him at every stage
of this progress until every word of it is in-
grafted in the laws of the United States.
I know that my friend, for whom 1 have the
utmost kindness and the greatest good feeling,
did not intend any unkindness in the remarks
he made ; but when he attacks an organ of this
body, and speaks of me as the chairman of
that committee, and accuses them of being
guilty of vacillation and mutations and changes
in their reports of bills, as a matter of course
he naturally excites a feeling which will not
submit in quiet to that imputation.
Sir, I myself came with slow reluctance to
the declaration made in the first section of this
bill. I declare now to you here that my con-
struction of the law under which these five-
twenties and under which the greenbacks were
issued still remains unalterable; for I have ex-
amined it carefully again at the present ses-
sion ; but I do assert, as a question ®f public
policy, that it is wise now for us to declare in
the language of this bill that the bonds and
greenbacks alike shall be paid 111 gold as rapidly
as we can do so; that these greenbacks and
these bonds may be linked together in every
law that is passed; that every privilege that is
given to the bondholder shall be given to the
holder of the greenback; that both together
shall rise gradually to the par of gold, when
the bondholder may be paid off by bonds bearing
a lower rate of interest and with a large saving
of interest to the people of the United States
in that, most oppressive form of our expenditure.
I -again beg the pardon of the. Senate;  «
for being excited-—I do net think I am excited-^
but for being aroused to eeeupy a few momenta
of their time at this late hour of the evening.
I think this question has been fully considered,
and I hope, therefore, that without any .more
debate on the subject to-night we may have a
vote upon.it ' .
. :Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall occupy but a
moment in reply to the honorable Senator
from Ohio. He began in the fore part of his
speech by saying, and he concludes by saying,
that the five-twenty bonds by the fair construc-
tion of the law and the contract are payable
in greenbacks. Now, sir, I take him ,at big
word. By the law of the case the principal
of these five-twenty bonds is not payable in
fold, but in greenbacks ; and the question th$t
put home to the Senator from Ohio is iIuh:
if the principal of pearly two thousand millions
of bonds are payable in greenbacks by the fair
construction of tie law, as he has often sai4
and now repeats as.his deliberate opinion, can
you now justly force the people of the United
States to pay them in gold without a violation
of. the contract in letter and in spirit? If the
contract to which the great mass of this people
! are pledged is to discharge those- bonds ia
' greenbacks, which are only worth seventy-five
cents on the dollar, can any man who takes
that view of the law qf the case, who says that
is the true construction of the law under whieh
the bonds were issued, stand before the Ameri-
can people and say "You are bound to pay
them in gold ?" No, sir; no man can give that
construction to the law and consistently vote
for this bill. You must either stand upon the
law, that the true construction is that the peo-
ple were bound to pay the principal in gold or
that they were bound to pay them in green
backs; and if they are allowed to pay them in
greenbacks, you cannot, without inflicting in-
justice upon the people of the United States,
now say that they shall pay them in gold.
Mr. WILSON. May it not be their interest
to do that very thing?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
from Massachusetts asks me is it not the inter-
est of the people of the United States to pay
in gold when they have only agreed to pay in
greenbacks? No, sir. It makes about eight
hundred million dollars difference in the amount
of their public debt. It adds that amount to
the debt if you take the whole debt; but if you
refer simply to the five-twenty bonds, it adds
about one fourth, to their amount.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am arguing now with
the Senator from Ohio, the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, and replying to his
speech, and if my honorable friend from Ver-
mont will wait until I have replied to him, if
he then makes a speech I may reply to that,
though I do not wish to occupy the time of
the Senate further.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As the Senator misstated
the fact entirely with reference to the amount
of these bonds, I wished to call his attention
to it.
Mr. DOOLITTLB. I am dealing with the
Senator from Ohio, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes; but you are rois-^.
stating facts.
Mr. DOOLITTLB. The chairman of the
Committee on Finance admits here, aud re-
peats it twice solemnly, after a full examina-
tion of the law at this session, that these bonds
are payable in the lawful currency ol the coun-
try, or the greenbacks; and yet he stands here
urging the Senate of the United States to de-
clare that the people who may discharge these
bonds, in greenbacks, which are worth seventy-
five cents on the dollar, shall discharge them
in gold at a hundred ceuts on the dollar.
Now, Mr. President, the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio says, while he gives that con-
struction to the contract, the difficulty is to
know where can you get the greenbacks ? He
asks, will you adopt the repudiating scheme of.
