TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27<,
the Democratic party, Sad issue an unlimited
amoant df- 'greenbacliB^equal to the ansount of:
bonds? Nobody ever proposed anything like
that.
Mr. STEWART. Pendleton did.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, he did not. The
gentleman says Pendleton did. Even Mr; Pen-
dleton, who went further than any other man
on this subject of issuing greenbacks, distinctly,
and over and over again in the canvass repu-
diated as false the declaration that he was in
fevor of issuing an unlimited amount of green-
backs in order to discharge these bonds ; and
I ean say for myself—and I believe for the
great nlasa of those who acted with me in sup-
porting for President Mr. Seymour in the last
canvass—the large majority of them everywhere
maintained that the law under which the green-
backs were issued limited the amount of green-
backs to the amount of $450,000,000. I stand
upon the law. I am not for repudiating it in
favor of the bondholder, nor am I for repu-
diating it in fav'or of the tax-payer. I stand
upon it as it was made. I take the construc-
tion of it that the Senator from Ohio gives it,
and in this argument I hold him to that con-
struction. I assume, therefore, they are pay-
able in greenbacks, and not in gold.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to ask the
Senator 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire not to be inter-
rupted when I am dealing with an important
subject of this sort.
Mr. STEWART. I did not wish to inter-
rupt the Senator. I only wished to ask him
how he was going to pay them in greenbacks?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will come to that in
a moment. The honorable Senator from Ohio
asks, where will you get the greenbacks?
Mr. MORTON. Where will vou get the
gold?
Mr. STEWART. Lethim answer first where
he will get the greenbacks.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, if the
Senator from Ohio had given his attention to
the important letter which I read in the Senate
to-night he would have had no difficulty on
that subject in seeing just how it could be
done. That letter was from a member of the
same house in London that negotiated the first
six per cent, stocks of the United States which
funded our original debt, the house which
eliminated the scheme and put it in opera-
tion.
Mr. STEWART. Tell us how it was done.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Sen-
ator will be quiet lor a moment, I will repeat
the substance of the letter. It was in sub-
stance this: that the Government of the United
States should issue its stocks for four and a
half per cent.; that upon that stock seventy-
five per cent, in sterling could be realized, and
with your seventy-five per cent, in gold you
could obtain your greenbacks, which are worth
seventy-five cents in gold upon the nominal
par, and then with your greenbacks you could
Eay the principal of these five-twenties which
ave become payable under the law.
But the Senator says there are not as many
greenbacks as there are bonds. That is very
true ; but what did you get for your bonds ?
You got these same greenbacks and nothing
else. They were paid over and over and over
again ; and you can go into the markets of the
world, at home or abroad, and with a four and
a half per cent, stock pledging the Government
to_pay principal and interest in gold you can
raise the gold and exchange thai gold for green-
backs, and with the greenbacks discharge a por-
tion of the public debt; and you would not be
compelled to go further than to pay one or two
hundred million dollars of the principal of these
bonds in greenbacks before every holder of
your five-twenty bonds would gladly accept
a four and a half per cent, bond, or a four per
bond payable principal and interest in gold in
lieu of his present six per cent, five-twenty
bond. That is the substance of the proposi-
tion of -"lie man who represents the very house
in London that negotiated the first debt of the
Government of the United States,
Mr„ STEWART. The proposition, then, is
to compe! the bondholders to agree to a repu-
diation of twenty-five per cent of their bonds
by searing them into taking bonds of less
value. '
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am interrupted by the
Senator from Nevada to say 
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator be kind
enough to allow me one moment?
Mr. DOOLITTLE.. Certainly.
Mr. GRIMES. As I am anxious to get
through this debate in time to-night to make
proper preparations for church to-morrow
morning, and as I find by a rule of the Senate
that it is out of order for any Senator to inter-
rupt another while speaking, I give notice-that
from this time forward I shall call any one to
order that interrupts the speaker.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. It is out
of-order to interrupt a Senator on the floor.
Mr. STEWART. I shall not do it agaiu.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Ne-
vada interrupts me to say that we propose to
the bondholder to repudiate one fourth of the
debt. We propose no sach thing. We pro-
pose to pay the debt according to the letter
and spirit of the law. The Senator from Ohio,
to whom I am replying, expressly declares to
the Senate, speaking for himself, that by the
fair construction of the law we are not pledged
to pay anything but greenbacks. We are not
pledged to pay the gold; and therefore it is
not repudiation. I say to the Senator from
Nevada that if that be the fair construction of
the contract that the people are bound only
to pay these bonds in the lawful money of the
country, which is worth but seventy-five cents
on the dollar, you are for repudiating the con-
tract; you are the repudiator; you would tax
the people one hundred cents where by the
law of the contract you only have the right to
tax them seventy-five. I brand your proposi-
tion as repudiation ; repudiation, and nothing
but repudiation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senators
must address the Chair and not each other.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I stand
upon the contract as the Senator from Ohio
admits it to be; and you have no more right
to repudiate it so as to bring heavier burdens
upon the people than you have to repudiate it
in order to destroy the real and just obligation
which the bondholder has against the Govern-
ment. The bondholder has his obligation worth
seventy-five cents on the dollar in gold, as it
now stands, and no more ; and you propose to
put this additional burden of twenty-five per
cent, on the people of the United States. You
repudiate the contract. We agreed to pay a
dollar in paper money, not a dollar in gold.
Sir, this cry that it is our purpose to repudi-
ate the just obligations of the Government is a
false cry from the beginning to the end. We
stand for the contract. You are for repudi-
ating it. Yon began by repudiating the old
contracts when you passed your legal-tender
law. You made the paper money issued under
that law a legal tender in payment of contracts
already in existence as well as a legal tender
for contracts in fuiuro. You declared that i
you would allow a contract which a man had
solemnly engaged to pay in gold to be dis-
charged in paper money.
Mr. President, I confess that I feel some
interest in pleading in this case. I am not
pleading, I admit, for the bondholders or the
bond-purchasers in Wall street or London or
elsewhere, bat I am pleading for the great mass
of the people of this country who have to bear
the burdens, who have to pay these bonds and
pay the interest upon them. You admit that
they are only bound to pay seventy-five cents
on the dollar; that they have the right to dis-
charge them in the lawful money of the country,
which is only worth that amount at the present
time, and yet you propose to force upon them
the necessity of meeting these obligations at
one hundred cents on the dollar in gold.
1 should not have spoken again on this sub-
ject but for the fact that the Senator from Ohio
charged me with favoring repudiation, when
upon his own ground he is for repudiation and
I'am for standing by the contract-
Mr. MORTON. One word further, sir. My
friend, the distinguished chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, spoke with some asperity.
I do not think he had occasion to do so, but I
do not complain of it. I simply desire to call
attention at the conclusion of this debate to the
fact that the main position that I took he has
not answered and did not even approach. . I
took the ground that if when these bonds be-
came due the Government had not returned
to specie payments and our paper money was
still depreciated the Government could not
pay the bonds in gold, and that when we had
returned to specie payments and our paper
currency was convertible into gold then we
would have nothing but gold or its equivalent
to pay, -and therefore the particular" form of
the contract was unimportant; that this change
that he proposes to make in the contract could
not affect the final result, and therefore the
only object of it was to affect the present price
of the bonds. That was my position ; and
with all his knowledge and ingenuity he did
not even approach it.
I might also refer to what has been referred
to by the Senator from Wisconsin, that he dis-
tinctly admits in his speech, as he has done
perhaps upon a dozen occasions in the Senate,
that according to the law of the contract the
Government has the right to pay the five-
twenty bonds in legal-tender notes. He ad-
mits that here to-night; but he presents a bill
that proposes to make a new contract for the
Government of the United States by declaring
that the faith of the Government is pledged to
pay in coin a bond which he admits by the
terms of the original coutiact may be paid in
legal-tender notes. Let it be understood then
that according to the confession of the chair-
man of the committee this bill is intended to
make a new contract. Long after these bonds
have been sold and long after they have been
taken upon the old contract it is now pro-
posed to make a new contract. For whose
benefit? Not for the benefit of the Govern-
ment of the United States ; but to enable the
men who deal in bonds to realize a rise upon
them and a speculation. It is a new contract,
because if the old contract is, as he says it is,
and as he has always declared it to be, he now
proposes to change it and say that the Gov-
ernment has not got the right to pay in legal-
tender notes, but is bound to pay in coin.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will my colleague allow
me to suggest to him 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I call the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] to order. He has
no right to interrupt the Senator on the floor.
Notice has been given that that rule would be
enforced.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not interrupting
my colleague; I am asking my colleague if
he will allow me to ask him a question.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly, with pleasure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I addressed the
Chair before the Senator did, and I think I
was recognized.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator from
Maine wishes to speak I certainly do not wish
to be in his wa\\
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Indiana.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was going to suggest
to my colleague, with his permission, before
he took his seat, that this will not be the mak-
ing of a new contract, for there is no new con-
sideration passing as between the people and
the persons who hold the public securities. It
is an effort simply at a legislative construction
of the law and the contract already mado ; and
if it be competent for this Legislature to put a
construction upon the contract it is equally
competent for a future Legislature to put an-
other construction upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President 
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to answer the question my colleague asked me,
and then I will give way to him?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If evsry question is to
