im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBJB.
February 27,
-bqart what fells from my ffiend from WisCon-
fijfe ' Tfce Senator wasjfiere present, I believe,
Wtftft time those Senators nade their speeches.
Nowj with the Senator's leave—Iwillnotgoon
without his consent—
, JIr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection.
DIXON. The Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Mlobton] and the SeBator from Ohio
[Mr, Sherman] both declared in the hearing
of the Senator this evening that in their judg-
ment the law authorized the payment of the
fire-twenties in gseenbacks; that we had a right
to pay jo greenbacks ; that that was the con-
tract. I think I did not misunderstand the Sen-
ators. Now, when that doctrine is propounded
by those Senators, I ask my friend from Maine
jfit was not as dishonest and as objectionable
as when.it came from a Senator whom he calls
Democratic?
.. Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a wonderful
difference between the theory of knavery and
tps practice of it. That is all I have to say
pbout that. The honorable Senators alluded
to have contended and no doubt they believe
that by the law of the case strictly we had a right
to pay in greenbacks; but they have both
placed themselves, as I understand them, on
.the higher plane that we ought not to pay in
greenbacks, but that we ought to bring our
credit up to the point and the greenbacks them-
selves-up to the point where payment in green-
backs would be equivalent to payment in gold
and a discharge of the contract.
Mr. DIXON. Does not the Senator from
Wisconsin tak.e the same ground?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; he does not
take the same ground. He takes theground, and
he reads us a document to show what we ought
to do, thai we ought to issue our bonds at a
lower rate of interest, go into the London mar-
ket and get the gold, come back, buy up our
greenbacks at a depreciated rate, and with
those greenbacks pay off our six per cent,
bonds. That is his proposition in so many
words, and that is an entirely different propo-
sition.
Mr. DIXON. I will wait until the Senator
gets through to reply.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am glad the Senator
has concluded to wait until I get through. He
cannot dispute that fact, because the Senator
from Wisconsin has himself over and over
again put it so this evening to my very great
surprise. I characterize that now just exactly
as I did before, as dishonest in its nature and
essence, and that any private individual acting
upon the same system would not have credit
in any community or retain the reputation of an
honest man. I have sufficient regard for my
country to hope that it will not lose its reputa-
tion for integrity; and it certainly will whenever
it resorts to any such plan of payment as that.
With regard to the bill before the Senate it
meets my approbation altogether. I should
like very much to have had the second section
a little more definite. I voted to make it so.
But with regard to the first section I never had
any doubt about the true meaning of the law
under which these bonds were issued. I have
been with my honorable friend from Vermont
[Mr. Edmunds] from the first time he made
the proposition that we should make this decla-
ration. Why ? Not that it makes a new con-
tract, as the Senator from Indiana stated, not
that it in any way places us under any new obli-
gations, but that inasmuch as a great party in
this country has taken the ground that we ought
not thus to deal with our contracts, and as two
very distinguished Senators in this body have
taken the ground that by the true legal con-
struction of that law we had a right so to act,
I wish to dissipate all such clouds that are over-
shadowing the credit of this country. I wish
to_ put it upon the broad ground that by the
original contract, according to any true legal
construction of it, these bonds must be paid in
gold, and also upon the fact that we ourselves
time and again so deelared by the proper offi-
cers of this Government, with the approbation
of the people, that inasmuch as we did that we
now make a legislative declaration of it that
,we, the representatives of the people, that we
at least who represent the great party which
originated this debt, from the necessities of the
case borrowed the money and promised to pay
it, shall keep our faith intact. If Senators on
the other side of the Chamber desire to go before
the people again, as they say and as we may
infer they mean to do, with the declaration in
their mouths that we are not bound either in
law or honor to pay the dollars that we prom-
ised to pay, according to the original meaning
and promise, I wish the Congress of the United
States to speak upon that subject and to say
that until some other set of men acquire the
power to rule in these halls and to make laws,
we will keep the faith of this Government on
the proud eminence where it has stood hitherto
unshaken by any efforts that have been made
willfully to break it down anywhere, unshaken
even by the mistaken ideas of the contract that
we entered into on the part of eminent and
excellent gentlemen who are, I am sorry to see,
mistaken upon a matter so vital to the welfare
of the people.
My friend from Ohio, I think, began wrong-
when he adopted any such idea. That original
error of his has tainted his excellent mind and
his great knowledge of thissubjectall through.
I am glad to see that it has not tainted his per-
ceptions of right, and that, whatever may be his
views with regard to what was the legal con-
struction of the contract, the time has not come
with him, and never will, when he wishes to
avoid what is the truth and the fact in regard to
it to enable the people of this country to do
what they are expected to do, and that is, to
discharge all their obligations in full faith and
honor. This bill, this production of the Com-
mittee on Finance, now is a proof to me that
all error upon that subject is fast vanishing,
and that we can reacli the point I have so long
wished to reach, where there can be no doubt
in the mind of any man in this country or else-
where of what the people of the United States
mean to do; that is, preserve their credit, keep
their faith, raise the credit of this country to
the point where it ought to stand, make them-
selves able to discharge all their obligations
according to the spirit as well as the letter, and
not be deluded by any idea that a party can rule
here who seek to flatter and deceive the people
into false notions of what constitutes public
faith.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the hon-
orable Senator from Maine, it seems to me,
has fallen into a very great error when be says
that what I proposed to do, to pay the bonds
in the legal-tender notes of the Government, is
knavery ; that it is not consistent with honesty
to propose it. That, of course, depends upon
the construction to be given to the contract. If
the contract is as the Senator from Ohio and
other Senators on this floor have admitted, and
as I believe a fair construction of its language
is, that the principal of the debt is payable in
the lawful money which has been created by
Congress, there is no dishonesty in discharg-
ing that debt according to its terms.
Now, Mr. President, let me bring the Sen-
ator from Maine to the point. Suppose that I
as an individual had gone to him and borrowed
of him $10,000 of the lawful money of the
United States, the greenback currency, which
at the time he loaned it to me was worth forty
cents on the dollar, and I agree in consider-
ation of the loan that I would pay him six per
cent, interest in gold so long as I kept it and
until I paid the debt; and when I paid the debt
I should pay him in the same money which he
loaned to me, and which at the time I offered
to pay it to him is worth seventy-five cents on
the dollar. Is that knavery ? I, for six long
years, have paid him six per cent, interest in
gold for the loan of paper money worth but
forty or fifty cents in gold, equivalent to twelve
per cent, interest on the amount of gold value
which he loaned to me, and then I offer to pay
him the principal of the debt by giving him
the value in gold, not at fifty per cent., but at
seventy-five per cent. The$10,000in currency
which ho loaned to me were worth $5,000 in
gold, I pay him $600 per year for the use of
$5,000 in gold. I pay him that sum for a term
of years, and then I offer to discharge the debt
by giving him §7,500 in gold or its equivalent,
$10,000 in the same money which he let me
have in exchange for my land ; and that he says
is knavery; that he says no honest man will
do, .and no honest man can justify himself for
offering to do.
Sir, let me tell that honorable Senator that
if he should appear in any court of equity,
before any tribunal upon earth, and should
insist upon my paying him in another kind of
money than that which he loaned to me and
I agreed to return to him, and should insist
that I should pay him $10,000 in gold, when
the contract was between him and me that I
could pay the debt in $30,000 in paper money
worth seventy-five cents on the dollar, every
court on earth and every honest man would
say that he was a usurer and a Shylock if he
should undertake to enforce it against me.
The Senator talked about my repudiating
the obligations of the United States. No, sir;
I stand upon these obligations; and I will stand
there for the benefit of the people of the Uni-
ted States as well as for the benefit of the bond-
holder. I will not be driven by the, cry of
repudiation from speaking the truth. 1 will
not be driven into usury, nor into playing the
part or suffer myself to aid others to play the
part of Shylock, demanding not only what is
nominated in the bond the pound of flesh, but
good Christian blood. I will defend the rights
of the people under this coutract as well as
the rights of the bondholder. While I oppose
the idea of repudiating the debt which legally,
morally, and equitably binds the Government
of the United States, I repudiate as usurious
and as based upon the principles of Shylock
that other doctrine that would force the peo-
ple to pay one hundred cents in gold where the
fair construction of the contract is that they
should discharge the debt in lawful money,
worth from forty to sixty when borrowed, but
now worth seventy-five. Sir, let us look at
this thing as it is. The great mass of these
bondnolders let the Government of the United
States have this depreciated currency at a value
not exceeding sixty cents on the dollar in gold,
much of it not exceeding forty cents. They
have received their interest at six per cent, on
$100 in gold for a term of years, and now,
substantially, the proposition to which I have
referred is to offer to pay them in greenbacks.
Not by the issue of new greenbacks ; I admit
that would be a species of repudiation, and I
protest against it and all idea of violating the
letter or the spirit of the law on that subject;
but we may nse all the greenbacks that we
have on hand or the greenbacks that we can
purchase for gold to pay the bondholders. If
we choose to borrow the gold to purchase the
greenbacks there is nothing dishonorable or
objectionable in that.
Sir, I made no proposition such as the Sen-
ator refers to, that we should go to the London
market and there borrow gold for the purpose
of purchasing greenbacks. I only read a state-
ment of a gentlemau in London who is con-
nected with the house that negotiated the first
funded debt of the United States. He states
that United States bonds bearing four and a
half per cent, interest, payable in gold in Lon-
don, would command seventy-five cents in ster-
ling, and with that seventy-five cents in sterling
we could discharge the bonds or a portion of
them. You would not be compelled to proceed
in the payment of more than $100,000,000 of
the five-twenty bonds in greenbacks before all
the holders of those bonds would exchange them
for your bonds at four or four and a half per
cent., payable, principal and interest, in gold;
and, sir, that would be no repudiation. The
way to save ourselves from repudiation is to
stand by the contract; and I tell gentlemen
here if you do not stand by the contract in favor
of the people the people will not stand by you
in enforcing any new contract that you choose
to make increasing their burdens twenty-five
per cent. You must stand by the contract as
