1,869.
■well for the benefit of the p.eople who pay as
yoh do for the people who receive the bond-
holders. Sir, let me read again this statement
from the London gentleman, that Senators may
see whether it is liable to the attack which the
Senator from Maine has made upon it:
" In this office in the year 1793 the first scheme for;
' the mode of discharging the principal and interest
of the six per ccnt. stocks' of the United States was
first.eliminated, and it was ultimately adopted and
carried out by Congress. It was an accumulative
interest of two per cent.
"Having been intimately connected with the funds
of the individual States from that date to this time
it will be readily comprehended that I have steadily
foliowed-and studied all the financial matters con-
nected with the different loans of the United States.
"It is evident to me that a large loan in sterling
money might be raised iff this country, the'proceeds
to be applied,to the payment (in greenbacks) of the
six per cent, bonds known as five-twenties. !
" A stock hearingfourand a half percent, interest,
principal and interest payable in stealing and hav-
ing an accumulative sinking fund of one and a half
per Gent., which woiil'd payoff the debt in thirty-one
years, could be negotiated at seventy-five percent,
in sterling money, aaod this sum of money converted
into greenbacks will pay the capital of'the debt at
par and leave a balance to the Treasury.
" Xlie larger the loan the wider the basis, and the
more marketable it would become.
"To make this proposition clearly understood !
will suppose that a foreign holder of $10,000 of six
per cent, bonds, redeemable after five years, before
twenty years from date of issue, he gets #600 per an-
num which he sells for four shillings sterling per
dollar, equal to £120 per annum; but he is in doubt
if his capital may not be returned to him at a«y mo-
ment iD greenbacks, in which case at this time the
r te will be 2s. 9d. per paper dollar, equal to £1,375.
" If he can exchange his bonds in London and
obtain £2,000 of four and a half per cents., true he
wilt-' only get an income of ninety pounds per an-
nual; bnt there he will be sure of £2,000 ultimately,
and as the bonds would be drawn payable at par he
would be sure of the cash within thirty-one years,
which is the entire period requisite under the action
of this accumulative sinking fund.
" But if he held twenty bonds of £100 each he
might reasonably expect to have two of them drawn
every three years on an average. The commercial
world has now become so used to the action of these
accumulative sinking funds, and to calculations de-
pendent thereon for the profits arising from the dif-
ference between the par value of the drawn bonds
and the price at which it be replaced in the market
that we can and do estimate it in this instance at
about one half per cent, per annum on the capital.
If this be added to the interest it will make the total
five per cent.
"As soon as it is notified to theholders thatany of
the present bonds are called in for redemption in
greenbacks and that the coupons thereon would not
bepaid afteraeertain date, the holders would become
very anxious and debatem their minds the propriety
of sending their bonds to the United States to be
cashed or of making an exchange in London, thereby
saving-all the commissions and other expenses.
" To show the effect of this proposition on a large
scale, we will deal with'having interests to the extent
of £400,000,000 sterling, now carrying six per cent,
interest, say £24,000,000. If nothing is done to alter
matters, at the end of thirty-one years the debt will
bethe same, but if my plan be carried out it will be
paid off altogether, both principal and interest.
"Bach bond of $1,000 or £200 should scive the owner
the option of receiving the capital for his bond when
drawn under the action of the sinking fund, either in
America or in London, giving three months notice:
and the same applies to the coupon, which should
be either forty-five dollars or nine pounds sterling at
the option of the holder, which is customary in the
European loans."
To return once more to the point, let me
inquire, Mr. President, wliy.is this bond held
by the bondholder in Europe or in the city of
New York any more sacred than many other
of the obligations of the United States? Here
are the obligations to pay your soldiers, to pay
your widows, those poor widows whose hus-
bands have been sacrificed to save the country.
You discharge your obligation to them in the
paper currency of the country. Why ? Because
such is the law of the contract. Is that knavery ?
No, sir; no. It may be hard, but it is the law
of the contract. Why do you pay the poor
soldier who has come home from the battle-
field maimed, with one arm or one limb, his
pension in paper money and not in gold? Is
there any contract more sacred? Are you repu-
diating because you pay him in paper money?
No, sir; because it is the law of the contract;
and if it be t,he law of the contract, as I maintain
that it is, as the chairman of the Committee on
Finance certainly maintains—and it was in the
argument-that I had with him him to-night, and
in reply to him that I was making the observa-
tions which the Senator from Maine denounces
as wanting in honor and as suggesting a species
of knavery and "dishonesty—if, I repeat, these
five-twenties may bedischarged in lawful money
in the same, paper money which was given in
exchaDge for them, thepaper money which now,
as we offer it to them is worth almost double
what it was when they let us have it, there is
no knavery, no dishonesty in our offering to
.pay-them in the lawful* money of the country
"any more than there is in paying the widow
her pension or the maimed soldier his pension
in; the same money.
Sir, I repudiate this whole idea that because
a man is a money-leijder a contract to pay
him is any more sacred than to pay .anybody
.else. I protest against it, I spit upon it, and,
sir, this charge hurled at me that I favor dis-
honesty, suggest knavery and dishonor, be-
cause I stand upon the contract, and stand
updn the contract in fevor of the rights of the
great mass of the American people in letter
and spirit, as well as stand upon the contract
for the benefit of the bondholder. I will not
repudiate the bondholder's just rights. I will
not issue a flood of greenbacks, depreciate all
values, bring bankruptcy and ruin and wreck
upon the whole country for the purpose of mak-
ing new greenbacks to discharge .those debts.
That would in my judgment be a violation
of the spirit of the law under which th«y were
issued, and under which the bonds were taken.
But, sir, upon the law as it is, upon the green-
backs which have been issued under, that law,
the effect of which has been to depreciate the
currency of the country and to make the word
dollar in the contract which we made mean
seventy-five cents in gold and not a hundred
cents in gold, upon that law I stand, and I
stand, without dishonor. Let the Senator from
Maine or any other Senator say what he will,
I retort upon them and I charge home upon
them that if they undertake to force a con-
struction upon the law which it does not legiti-
mately bear, if they undertake to add one
fourth to the value of these five-twenty bonds
against the true construction of the statute,
they are the repudiators, they are the Shy-
locks, they are the men who advocate dishon-
esty, for there is nothing more dishonest than
in the present condition of our country to in-
crease in violation of law the burdens of an
over-taxed and burdened people. Sir, the
whole idea of repudiation, on the one side or
the other, I reject and protest against; but in
pleading and contending for the contract as it
is, the contract as it was made, the contract as
it was intended, and in the fulfillment of it
which does ample justice to the bondholder,
I am in the path of rectitude and the path of
honor.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose at this late hour of the night to go into
the merits of the question now before the Sen-
ate, but I propose to call the attention of the
Senate and of the country to the spectacle pre-
sented here this evening in view of the remarks
which have fallen from the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Fessenden] and the Senators from In-
diana and Ohio, [Mr. Morton and Mr. Sher-
man.] What have we heard ? What have we
seen ? Sir, if there are any two men in the
United States who may be called representative
men they are the honorable Senator from In-
diana and the honorable Senator from Ohio.
One of them holds the high position of chair-
man of the Committee on Finance of the Sen-
ate ; the other is acknowledged to be a leading
member of the Republican party of the country.
It is no disparagement to other Senators to say
thatthose two Senators have no superiors in this
body in talents, in influence, in character, in
the estimation of the country. Now, what have
we heard? The Senator from Ohio repeats
what he has previously said; he repeats his
deliberate opiuion, as a question of law, that
the five-twenty bondsave payable by the statute
which created them in greenbacks, in paper
currency. The Senator from Indiana declares
the same opinion. He says he will not vote
for this bill because it is against his convictions
of the actual intention and meaning of the law;
and ho goes further and says that the sole
object and the only effect of the bill is to benefit
the bondholders and the speeulators in bonds,
without any advantage to the country., ,5a
agrees fully with the honorable fjouator fro{0
Wisconsin, [Mr'. Doolittle ;] he quoted his
argument; he cited his illustrations ; he, de-
clared thai if this bill were to pass, there would
be po possibility.of funding the debt &t alower
rate of interest until specie payments were
restored. The. honorable Senator from Ohio
and the honorable Senator from Indiana have
each of thenj a perfect right, to their opinion.
They are men capable of forming an opinion?
and it is not my purpose this evening, •although
I differ from them soale.v?hat, to dispute,their
opinions; i speak now for another purpose.
These Seuators having stated their opinions are
responsible.for the same., and I iim sure they
have no desire to shrink-fro m the. consequenecs.
Whatever odium may attach to their opinions
they are willing to incur. . . ;
But the Senator from Maine has seen fit, with
his usual ability, tp comment upon the debate
which has taken plaee here to-day. He listened
to what fell from the lig3 of the honorableS;en*
ator from Indiana and what was said by the
honorable Senator from Ohio and also, the
speech of my friend from Wisconsin. He passed
over what was said by those tiyo Senators with
approbation or with silence, yet he saw fit to
comment with great severity upon the' opinions
of my friend from Wisconsin. Why Was this ?
I am not here to impute any motives to that
honorable Senator. He said that this was a
new phase or a repetition of an old opinion of
the Democratic party; that it was knavery,
dishonesty, when it came from the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin. I took occasion to
ask him if it was not equally dishonesty and
knavery when it fell from those two distin-
fuished members of the Republican party, and
e replied to me that those Senators took a
different view of it; .they bad a different object
and a different end from that of the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin; that they desired to
restore specie payments, and in that way that
the bonds might be paid in specie. I replied
to him that the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin also desired to restore specie payments.
He had said that it was his desire at the earliest
possible day to restore specie payments. They
stand upon precisely the same ground therefore
in that regard, and in fact so far as I can see
their views are practically identical. I am some-
what at loss therefore to understand why itis that
what is knavery and dishonesty when avowed by
one of these Senators loses this character and
is pure, unsullied honesty and probity when
announced by the others.
It is true—candor compels me to admit—
that the honorable Senator from Ohio, as an act
of generosity to the bondholders, says that now
he is willing to pay them in gold, although he
declares he does not think it our duty to do so ;
he does not think us bound in law to do so.
If I agreed with him in regard to the question
of law I certainly never should say I was will-
ing to pass this bill. If I vote for it I shall
not vote for it as an act of generosity. I do
not propose to go to the bondholder and say
to him, '• I am not bound to pay you in gold ;
I have a perfect right to pay you in paper; but
I propose to make you a present, a compli-
ment, a gratuity of twenty-five per cent, upon
your debt."
What right has the Senator from Ohio to
make this gratuity to the bondholder? If
there is anything which endangers the pay-
ment of the debt it is the doctrine taught by
the Senators from Ohio and Indiana that it is
not legally payable in specie; yet the Senator
from Maine seems to think this a pardonable
error, a venal offense only to be denounced
when it comes from a Democrat, then it is
knavery and dishonesty.
The honorable Senator from Indiana takes
no such ground as that occupied by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] He declares
that we are not bound to pay in gold ; that we
have a right to pay in paper, and therefore he
sturdily, and I have no doubt honestly, refuses
to vote for the bill, because he says It is not
