1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$21
per cent, -cm the principal for the payment of
certain Navy pensions and bounties; neither
of these, therefore, are debts to -be provided
for. The public debt actually to be provided
for is represented by the foregoing.statement at
the different periods, as follows:
t) >
■B
q •«
rt Q.«
S5 S st
i si
o O <t>
•flc S o.
-5 P.
3B®
9
ar
©
■a
cn
-a
g- a
OS
Is- i
S s
S3
c
8
E,
<§*
o
O-
a
•w
a.
■2>
Showing an increase of the debt since J uly 1
1867, of $18,165,711 88. The total amount of
the'publie debt on the 31st of August, 1865,
was' stated by the Secretary of the Treasury to
be $2,846,021,742, and the money in the Trea-
sury then $88,218,055; the debt appears, there-
fore, to have been reduced since then to the
extent of §284,000,000.
' On the 1st of January, 18G9, there were
$1,88G,246,050 of the bonds bearing interest at
six per cent., $221,580,300 at five per cent.,
and $55,865,000 of the temporary loan certifi-
catesatthree percent., making the total amount
of annual interest about one hundred and
twenty-six million dollars. None of the prin-
cipal of this debt is payable until after 1880,
except the loans of-1858 and 1860, togelher
amounting to $27,000,000,' due in 1870 and
1873. ■ '
Duiing the war the necessities of the Gov
ernmeut required that Congress should intrust
the Secretary of tlie Treasury with almost un-
limited power to negotiate loans, and to obtain
money in any practicable manner. After ,hos-
tilities had ceased and the armies were dis-
banded, it was deemed by the Secretary im-
portant that those powers should be continued,
to relieve the Treasury by funding the large
amountof obligations due within comparatively
short periods into bonds of long duration.
There is no longer a necessity for committing
such exceptional powers to the discretion of
the Secretary of the Treasury, as the whole of
the public debt is now in such form that the
demands upon the Treasury can only bo for the
payment of interest and for the necessary ex-
penses of an economical administration of the
Government, to meet which the annual reve-
nues are amply sufficient; and, indeed, would
be more than sufficient if the taxes could be
honestly collected.'
The debt being thus funded, all authority
under existing laws for any additional issue
of bonds lo increase the, public debt should
be repealed ; thoGovcrnmentshould no longer
appear as a borrower of money, or the Treasury
Department be engaged, directly or indirectly,
at the Stock Exchange in the negotiation of
loans, or any other like operations. .Secret
negotiations by the Government, affecting the
money market and the value of property, can
never be on k scale,commensurate with the
public interest; while, on the contrary, they
produce a feeling of distrust which injures the
publi? credit,' Even if defensible in morals,
such .negotiations are unbecoming in the deal-
ings of a great nation with its own citizens.
When it shall become expedient to negotiate
new loans at reduced rates of interest, to take
the place of the six per cent, bonds which
are subject to payment five years after date,
at the option of the Government, or when any
emergency shall arise making au increase of
the public debt imperatively necessary, then
suitable provision can be made by Congress to
give the Secretary of the Treasury the powers
which he may need to that end. It is import-
ant that the people should now undqrstand that,
until their Representatives in Congress provide
for it, there shall be no further secret sales or
purchases of bonds by the Government to dis-
turb the business of the country, no further
increase of the funded debt of the United
States, and no changes made to increase the
different loans now outstanding, unless here-
after authorized by law and publicly conducted.
Mr. Speaker, the attention of Congress should
at once be directed to the perfection and adop-
tion of measures with a view to lessen the
burden of the public debt; first, by restoring
the currency of the country to its constitutional
value, and secondly, by reducing the rate and
diminishing the amount paid for interest on the
public debt.
For that portion of the six ]3er cent, bonds,
known as the five-twenties, which the Govern-
ment has the option of paying after five years
from their date, other bonds should be sub-
stituted whenever the condition of the money
market is such that bonds at lower rates can be
negotiated.
The live per cent, bonds, known as ten-
forties, have been recently quoted at over seven
per cent, premium, and the six per cent, bonds,
due in 1881, at twelve to thirteen per cent. ;
while the quotations for tho different issues of
six per cent, bonds, known as five-twenties,
have varied from six to ten per cent, premium.
The higher proportionate value of the ten-forty
bonds, bearing live per cent, interest, may be
attributed in part to their longer time, but it
is mainly owing to the fact that the law under
which'they were issued specified that the prin-
cipal and interest should be paid in coin.
It is maintained by some, in regard to all
the bonds, except the ten-forties, that not only
the principal may be paid in legal-tender notes,
but that an equal amount of legal-tender notes
should be issued for that purpose at any time
after they become due; thus paying them in
a currency diluted or depreciated by additional
issues of legal-tender notes. This additional
issue for the amount of the five-twenty bonds
alone—over sixteen hundred million—would
reduce the dollar of legal-tender notes to less
than one third of a dollar in coin. In truth
they may even become valueless and cease to
pass as money when issued to such an extent
that the public lose all faith that they will ever
be redeemed.
The quotation of over seven per cent, pre-
mium for the ten-forty bonds, which may be
paid at the end of ten years, would seem clearly
to indicate that bonds bearing interest at five
per cent, could, if the currency was in a sound
condition, bo disposed of at a premium to
replace the five-twenty bonds bearing six per
cent, interest, which the Government now has
the option of paying.
This nation has demonstrated its ability to.
conduct a domestic war of unparalleled mag-
nitude and cost without resorting to foreign
aid for material or for money. It has proved
its power to put down insurrection by its own
strength, financial and military, leaving no
room for doubt of it® entire capacity to crush
its foes, whether domestic or foreign. _.I,t is
believed by many that our national ered;tin?as
strengthened and sustained abroad because
foreign aid for the sale of our bonds .was not
sought during the war, and that this self-reli-
ance was,a pecuniary advantage to the.country.
The people of the .United States have felt a
just and commendable pride in maintaining
that position before the world. To have ;the
interest on the publip debt-paid at home to our
own people, rather than abroad to foreign^,
was not only gratifying to their pride, but its
value and importance ean hatfdly be too highly
estimated. While there were dangers and
doubts the loyal people of the country sustained
the Government, furnished whatever was re-
quired to carry on the war, and owned nearly
the whole amount of the public debt up to the
time when hostilities ceased.
It is now supposed that more than one quar-
ter of the funded debt is owned abroad, and the
question naturally suggests itself, what value
has been received in exchange for the many
hundred millions of Government bonds Bent
out of the country since our final victories in
April, 1865—victories which removed all doubts
in regard to the validity and security of the debt
incurred to suppress the rebellion.
Instead of going abroad to seek a demand
for our bonds, it may still be doubted whethes
the credit of the country, and consequently the
value of the bonds, would not be higher, both
at home and abroad, if foreigners should be
left to seek for them here.
The loyal and patriotic people throughout
the North who furnished money had faith in
the Government, and were willing 4Q risk all
their money on that faith. Those who sympa-
thized with the rebellion denounced them as
foolishly credulous, and warned them that the
bonds would prove worthless. Now, when the
Government is in a position to perform the
promises made in that time of trouble and dis-
aster, they are denounced, in the choice phrase
of demagogues, as the "bloated bondhold-
ers,' ' and I regret to say that some of our. own
friends, who seem to^ have been mi^uided,
join in that denunciation. .
Who are the bondholders that are thus de-
nounced? The national banks hold- $415,-.
000,000; they were compelled by the law nni
der which they were organized to obtain and
pledge the bonds as security for the notes which
they were authorized to circulate as money, so
that faith in the Government should be the basia
of the security of the money. It is supposed
that from five to six hundred millions are h,eld
abroad. But the larger class of bondholders
are those of our own people who hgd an abid-
ing faith in the perpetuity of the institutions
of the United States; whose contributions,
mostly furnished in comparatively small sums,
form, in the aggregate, a larger portion of the
public debt than is held abroad or by the banks.
Many of these investments were all the accumu-
lated savings of loyal people; the conviction
that their faith in the Government, had been
misplaced would painfully aggravate to them,
the loss of the money they had invested on
that faith.
The success of the Government in providing^
the means to prosecute the war is evidence ot
the wisdom of the measures devised for that
purpose, as well as of the resources and tho
loyalty of the people. No nation ever bor-
rowed so largely, or under similar circum-
stances with somuch.facility or at lower rates.
It is now to be demonstrated that the Govern-
ment can not only provide for war on so gigan-
tic a seale and create a debt of such magni-
tude, but that the debt can be placed ou a
basis that will secure public confidence in the
ability and disposition of the Government to
meet all its engagements with fidelity. . It is
only necessary to restore the currency of the
country to its normal and constitutional con-
dition, by resuming specie payments, to crown
with success the financial conduct of the war.
