mi
THE ■ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
right; itisfiot the true meaning and intention
of the la<r. ' He does not' differ atall from the
Senator from Wisconsin.
Now, sir, "I desire the people of the country
to-understand that a large portion, a respect-
able portion, at least, in intellect and capacity,
of - the Republican party here declare this
©pinion. I jaight go farther.. I will not speak
s&f members of the House of Representatives
as-such. I will allude to them as citizens of
the United States. I desire to call the atten-
tion of thecoufitry to the opinions of two citi-
zens of the United' States of. high' position in
the Republican party in talent, in character,
in influence. One of them is no longer in the
•land of the liying. Perhaps it is not proper to
allude to him. I speak of a distinguished
former member of the House of Representa-
tives, now no longer living, highly respeeted
by the Republican party of this country for the
honesty of his opinions and the sincerity of
bis intentions—the late Thaddeus Stevens.
What was his opinion on this subject? What
did he believe with regard to it? What opin-
ion did he pronounce to the people of this
country-? Every Senator knows very well what
his opinion on this subject was, what his idea
•was with regard to the legal question whether
the five-twenty bonds were payable in gold or
payable in paper.
Permit me to call attention to the opinions
of another distinguished citizen. I speak not
of him as a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives ; I speak of him as a citizen of the
United States; a leading member of the Repub-
lican party; a man of as much influence, of
as much position, and of as much character in
the estimation of that party as any citizen in
this country. He has lately, in a position
occupied by him, addressed the people of this
country in his capacity as a member of the
House of Representatives. He has put forth
a plan for the payment of the debt. He has
accompanied it by a speech; and it is utterly
subversive of the idea of any payment other
than in paper, either of the national debt or
any other .debt. It is repudiation in all its
forms of every debt in this country, repudia-
tion not only of gold and silver in payment of
debts, but as a currency utterly throwing it out
of view, in favor of abandoning the use of gold
and silver as a currency, declai-ing it to be a
relic of despotism, if not of barbarism. I am
not at this moment animadverting on that opin-
ion. But I desire the people of this country
to understand that men holding the very highest
position in the Republican party, standing in
the front rank as Radicals, avow and advocate
this doctrine that the debt of this country ought
to be paid in paper. I have given these illus-
trations. _ And yet the honorable Senator from
Maine thinks it his duty to say here to-night—
I will not say for party purposes; no doubt
for honest purposes ; for I have not the least
doubt he is sincere in his opinions—that this
is exclusively a new phase, or a repetition of
an old phase and doctrine of the Democratic
party. Sir, the truth is that this idea of pay-
ing the Government debt in paper is a doctrine
advocated by a very large portion of the Radi-
cal party. During the recent canvass and pre-
vious to it, especially in the western portion
of the country, it was, as you well know, sir,
in your own State and elsewhere in the West
extremely popular. Democratic and Repub-
lican candidates for Congress plaeed before
the people both advocated the doctrine ; and
it so happened in your own State that the man
who advocated it with the most zeal and the
most effect was the Radical candidate, and he
was on that issue elected last winter to the
House of Representatives.
_ But, sir, I will not at this time ask the atten-
tion of the Senate on this subject at any greater
length. I wish it to be understood that here
in this body leading and influential members
of the Radical party have to-day announced
the doctrine that the debt is properly and
legally due and payable in paper currency. If
that is a dishonest doctrine, if it is knaverv,
then it is knavery when it falls from the lip?
of a Radical, unless it be that there is some-
thing so pure-and lofty and holy in* Radicalism
that it redeems the iniquity and the knavery
and the dishonesty of this doctrine which seems
so completely to shock my friend from Maine
when it is avowed by a Democrat.
Why, sir, when he spoke of the views of the
Senator from Ohio, I could not but be struck
with the mildness, the softness, the sweetness
of his temper, the smile that played on his
features, as -compared with the holy horror
which filled his whole soul when he commented
upon the remarks of the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin. He turned with the blandest and
kindest smile to the Senator from Ohio and
said it was true he had fallen into an error and
entertained certain sentiments on this subject
which did not entirely* agree with his own
opinions, but the Senator from Ohio favored
this bill and therefore he was ready to pardon
him. And then again his anger kindled
against the honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin, and he went on to denounce the knavery
and the villainy of the very same doctrine
which, when held by the Senator from Ohio,
was only a pardonable error and an innocent
abstraction. That may be all consistent and
right; I dare say it is; but it struck me as
somewhat remarkable, and possibly in the par-
tisan zeal of the Senator intended for partisan
effect, and my object was to call the attention
of the Senate to it as an instance of the effect
of partisan zeal in warping the judgment of
wise and candid men.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to ask my
friend a question before he sits down. Does
he agree with the honorable Senator from Ohio
and the honorable Senator from Indiana in
that construction of the law, that the debt is
payable in greenbacks ?
Mr. DIXON. 1 stated that I did not. If
the Senator had been present this afternoon
he would have heard me remark that I intended
to vote for this bill, as I am happy to say all
my colleagues in the other House voted, and
as my colleague, I presume, in this body will
also vote. Connecticut thus seerrfs to be a
unit on this question in both Houses of Con-
gress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then, Mr. President,
the object of the Senator, as I understand it,
is to prove not that he approves of doctrines
of that kind, but to prove that although he
differs from the doctrines of his party he means
to be found a very strong defender of them
anyhow ; that is, that he will hold fast to the
Democratic faith in other things, although he
cannot agree with them in this doctrine with
regard to money. That, I suppose, is the
object of his speech.
Now, let me say that I find no fault with
gentlemen, whatever party they may belong to
or whoever they may be, who believe that by
the true construction of the law this debt may
be payable in United States notes or green-
backs. That opinion they may entertain. What
I complained of was the doctrine advanced by
the Senator from Wisconsin, that we should
make such use of it as to commit what I called
a fraud upon the community who hold the
paper. That idea was not advanced by the
Senator from Ohio or the Senator from Indi-
ana ; nor do I know that it was ever advanced
by any gentleman holding the same political
faith that they do. It was a speculative opin-
ion upon the true construction of the statute
as to what we might do. I do not know that
either of them proposed to do it as the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin did. There was the dis-
tinction that I drew. If the Senator under-
stands^ me now I suppose he will recognize
that distinction.
Mr. DIXON. Tf the Senator will allow me
a word 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
the Senator sayiug what he desires to say.
Mr. DIXON. It seems that the difference
between the Senator from Wisconsin and the
Senators from Indiana and Ohio is this, accord-
ing to the honorable Senator from Maine : the
Senator from Wisconsin believes in a doctrine,
and, as the Senator says, proposes to carry it
out; and the other Senators believe in the
doctrine and do not propose to carry it out. Is
that a fair statement ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No ; I do not think it
is. It may satisfy the Senator, however.
Mr. DIXON. Let us see whether they pro-
pose, to carry it out or not. The Senator from
Ohio announced the doctrine here a year ago,
and introduced a bill in consequence of it and
•as a sequel to it proposing to compel the cred-
itors of this country to accept bonds at a less
rate of interest.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; lie did nQ suet
thing.
Mr: DIXON. The bill on its face did not
propose to compel them ; the bill did not say
"if the creditors will not accept this they shall
take something less;" but the bill introduced
by the honorable Senator from Ohio as the
chairman of the Committee on Finance and
the speech which he made'in support and ad-
vocacy of it, taken together, were compulsory;
for be declared in his speech that in his opinion
the law authorized the payment of the five-
twenty bonds in greenbacks; and he intro-
duced a bill with a view to carry out that idea,
which reduced the rate of interest at least to
five per cent., and I think to four and a half
per cent, on the long bond.
Now, let us see whether the Senator from
Indiana proposed to carry out his views. He
believes in a doctrine which he does not intend
to carry out in practice, it is said. What has
he done? It is true he has not introduced a
bill precisely of that character; but he declared
this evening in as strong language as the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin that he would
not vote for this bill because he did not think
it right; because it was a bill introduced for
the purpose of benefiting the bondholders; and
then he alluded, by way of illustration, to the
very argument of the Senator from Wisconsin,
to which the Senator from Maine objects, that
if this bill were adopted and became a law it
would be impossible for us to fund the green-
backs ata lower rate of interest; in other words,
that you mnst hold out the idea that the bonds
can be paid in paper in terrorem over the cred-
itor, or otherwise you cannot fund your debt
at a lower rate of interest. If that is not car-
rying out a principle into practice, I do not
know what is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is rather a long
interjection into the very few remarks I intended
to make about this matter. As I said before,
there is a very great difference between ex-
pressing the belief that by the terms of a law
we may do a dishonest thing and actually pro-
posing to do it; and that is the difference
between the Senator from Ohio and the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, according to my construc-
tion of their remarks.
Now, sir, I have only one word more to say,
for I will not protract this debate. I admit that
the honorable Senator from Ohio does hold
that by the true construction of that law we
might pay our debt in greenbacks. I admit
that the honorable Senator from Indiana held
the same doctrine as a question of law. I do
not admit that the honorable member of the
House from Pennsylvania did hold that doc-
trine ; for he said expressly in the debate on
the bill that the principal was payable in coin,
and had I time I could turn to his remarks and
show it. However we may respect the authority
of those two gentlemen, and however high may
be their standing, what I endeavored to say
was, that because they believed so their belief
did not make the faith of the Republican party
or of the Congress of the United States. The
Senator from Connecticut does not hold with
his party upon that point as he expressly says.
Mr. DIXON. Will the Senator allow me
to say 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not now. He ex-
pressly says he does not hold with his party.
Mr. DIXON. I have not said so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator proposes
to vote for this bill. No other member of the
party does propose to vote for it, and it has
