THE COMPRESSION At GLOBE!
February '5-,
To accomplish'this should be one of the prin-
cipal objects and duties of the incoming
Administration.'
In order to secure a lower rate of interest
on the publiedebfc Bpecie payments-must first
be resumed. When that is accomplished there
will still be legal-tender' notes and bank notes
in circulation as 'money, but they will have
equal value with coin." the; vexed question
ofp&yiri'gthte ptibliedebt in depreciated money
will then be-at rest, and the credit of the na-
tion secure. Before the motley market, inthis
etfuntry can be in anything like "a sound con-
dition for the negotiation of large loans, the
Value of the - money in circulation must be
determined and fixed, and not left, as it is now,
to be regulated from day to day and from hour
to hour by the caprice, or by the1 immediate
interest, of ruthless speculation and stock-
gambling.
The Government has obtained, with great
care and at much expense, standards to de-
termine-the correctness of the weights and
measures used throughout the country; and
those standards'have been deposited in the
different States of the Union for the purpose
of guarding the people everywhere against
injustice and fraud by the use of false weights
dud measures. How much more important to
establish a uniform, standard of value! The
framers of the Constitution' of the United States
believed they had provided for this, with equal
6&re, by'giving to Congress the sole power
''to coin money, to regulate the value thereof
and of foreign coin,'® and by providing that 110
State should "make anything but gold and
silver a tender in payment of debts." No one
can doubt that it was the intention of those who
framed the Constitution to make gold and sil-
ver the standard of money inthis country; and
if that is true," it would seem to be the duty of
Gohgress and of the Government to adhere to
tflatstandard. by determining and establishing
it as the value of whatever it permits to be
circulated as money.
Whatever circulates as money regulates the
price of all property, and measures the value
Of the compensation of all industry and enter-
prise, and the pay of all public or private
employments. The value of the wages of
labor, and of the pensions and bounties paid
by the Government, are all measured by the
value of the money in circulation. If the ques-
tion', Were fully understood it would seem as
if thd're could be neither hesitation nor delay
it) adopting such measures as would satisfy the
contitry of the determination of Congress to
restore the currency to its truo constitutional
value by making whatever it authorizes to be
Circulated as a dollar equal in value to one
dollar of the coined money of the country as
established by law, which is universally recog-
nized as money throughout the civilized world.
The industrial interests of the country could
not fail'tobe benefited by any stable increase
in the value of the currency; and this duty of
Congress to restore its value can-be neglected
only in the interest of speculators, and by sacri-
ficing to speculation the great interests of agri-
cultural and mechanical labor which are' the
basis and support of all Governments.
If the value of the legal-tender notes can-
not be made at once equivalent to coin—it is
of less importance when it may be accom-
plished, so long as it is within a reasonable
time—the necessity for it can and should be
recognized, by adopting the measures neces-
sary to bring about the resumption of specie
payments at the earliest possible time; there-
by removing the vague apprehension and un-
certainty excited by propositions "to water
the currency'"1 with new issues of legal-tender
notes to the extent of the public debt, and
making those notes the established and per-
manent currency of the country; or, in other
words, requiring the interest-bearing five-
twenty bonds to be exchanged for irredeemable
obligations bearing no interest, as if that were
pay ment of them. The evidence of a determ-
ination in Congress that specie payments
should be resumed would relieve the existing
apprehension and uncertainty, and by restoring
confidence in our financial future would give
new life and activity to all branches of industry.
There is ft vague apprehension in respect- to
the manner in which the business of the coun-
try may be affected by the resumption of specie
payment's, or by the reduction erf legal-tender
notes 'that • ipight be 'required' to accomplish
that objectbut no argument has been offered
to show, and no statement has been produced
to prove, that any serious difficulty or pressure
must necessarily arise if the excess of legal-"
tender notes were withdrawn, as they may be,
in a gradual, cautious, and almost impercepti-
ble manner. The country passed through this
experience in 1837 and in 1857, and the resump-
tion of specie payments produced' no disas-
trous results at either of those'periods." Most
of the private debt now outstanding will come
to maturity during the next twelve months, and
in that time the banks and the merchants would
have full opportunity to regulate their business,
and to bring their affairs gradually within such
a compass as each one of them may think
in his own case to be prudent and necessary,
as they did in 1837 and in 1857.. In doing so
the banks and the merchants would cooperate
with the Government in measures preparatory
to resumption; and no one need be unpre-
pared or be taken by surprise when resump-
tion is reached. There need be no sudden fall
in'the prices of property, nor rapid fluctuations
in the value of money; and there is no substan-
tial reason why the money of the country may
not be restored to a sound condition, if not
altogether without difficulty in some quarters,
with at least much less difficulty than is now
experienced from the consequences of the spec-
ulation, overtrading, and excessive importation
created and fostered by the present excess and
the fluctuating value of the currency.
The estimates which have often been made
of the amount of money in circulation in dif-
ferent countries exhibit great research, but
are generally based upon knowledge or inform-
ation of so vague a character that little depend-
ence can be placed on their accuracy ; and the
amount of money required for the business of
a nation depends on so many elements that
any inferences drawn from population cannot
be reliable.
The condition of the currency of this coun-
try since the suspension of specie payments in
December, 1861, furnishes a more trustworthy
criterion of the amount and value of the money
now used in this country, for the purposes to
which money is applied, than any estimates that
have heretofore been made. The amounts in
circulation of legal-tender notes, fractional
currency, and national bank notes are known
to be about seven hundred million dollars; and
it may be said that practically there has been
for some time, and is now, no other money in
circulation, except the comparatively small
amount of coin in some of the Pacific States.
At the present rate of premium on gold this
seven hundred millions of paper money is worth
about seventy-four cents for each paper dollar;
or, in the aggregate, about five hundred mil-
lion dollars of the standard of gold and silver
coin.
So long as foreign trade exists the value of
whatever may be used asmoney is measured
by the universal standard of value throughout
the civilized word—gold and silver—which is
the recognized standard of value in the ex-
changes of this country with other nations.
The aggregate value or the purchasing power
of an irredeemable currency cannot exceed the
amount of coin into which it could be converted,
and which would be required in performing
the same business to "which the irredeemable
currency is applied. It appears, therefore,
that $500,000,000 in coin is the amount now
required in this country to perform the service
for which the $700,000,000 of paper money
is used; and that each dollar of that paper
money is received and passed at the rate
which implies about five hundred million
dollars in cold as its whole amount. What'
ever the amount of the paper money may be,
so'long as it is recognized as the money or
medium for exchanges within the >country, it
will have for that use the aggregate value of
no more than five liOndred; million dollars in
gold and. silver.
If the amount of legal-tender notes should ba
increased to $1,000,000,000 or $2,000,000,000,
instead of adding to its aggregate " value, or
making money more abundant, the increase
would be absorbed into the currency and de-
preciate its value ; and that amount could not
represent more in gold than was represented
before by the $700,000v000. But the purchas-
ing power or value of each note would inevit-
ably decrease in a more rapid ratio" than the
increase of the notes, and they might become
valueless altogether under a general apprehen-
sion of their indefinite increase. ;
Speculation may be benefited by increased
issues of such notes, providinga mode of paying
debtsin money worth so much less than the value
of the money in which the debt was contracted;
but the honest workman is defrauded when paid
for his labor in money that will not furnish for
the support of himself and his family one half
of what he expected and believed he had con-
tracted for. The issue of more legal-tender
notes would be another form of unequal taxa-
tion, bearing most heavily on the working
classes, as every addition iiade to the amount
of the notes in circulation subtracts from the
value of those in the "hands of the people.
The wealthy possess property, which advances
in price as the currency is depreciatedthey
consequently suffer comparatively no loss, and
often gain by it; but all that the laboring man
possesses is in money, which is reduced" in
value by such depreciation. The only com-
modity he can sell is his daily labor, which can-
not be accumulated by holding it back. If not
sold day by day it is lost.
The experience of centuries has demon
strated that an irredeemable and inflated cur-
rency fosters gambling and speculation, at the
expense of regular industry; that it makes the
reward of toil uncertain, diminishes produc-
tion, and increases the cost of its distribution
to the consumers, and that it is demoralizing
in its tendency. There would seem to be no
excuse for its continuance when the necessity
for it can no longer be asserted ; and it seems
strange that its continued use should find advo-
cates who claim to be intelligent, after the many
disasters and troubles and distress which his-
tory records to have been experienced as the
almost uniform results of its use.
The issue of the legal-tender notes was one
of the necessities growing out of the rebellion,
which forced upon the country a great war, re-
quiring the exercise of any and all powers that
eould aid in protecting the Government. Money
was absolutely necessary to organize the forces
requisite for the protection of the Government.
In this sudden emergency Congress gave to the
different Departments all the authority which
was deemed necessary to enable the Govern-
ment to act with power commensurate with the
emergency. Among the powers authorized to
be exercised was the issue by the Treasury
Department of legal-tender notes, as the only
resource that, in the judgment of Congress and
of Mr. Chase, now Chief Justice, but then Sec-
retary of the Treasury, could be availed of, at
the time, to furnish 'money for the protection
and defense of the Governmentagainst the force
arrayed by the rebellion for its overthrow and
destruction.
It was not until the banks suspended specie
payments in December, 1881, that, the question
was presented, whether the Government must
issue its own notes, secured by the pledge of
the public faith, to provide the money neces-
sary for the pay of the Army and for the sup-
plies to carry on the war, or whether it could
rely on the banks to furnish their irredeemable
notes to be used as money for that purpose.
After the suspension of specie payments by the
banks the only medium of circalation was
