1889^ •<
CrLO
been fought by eyery member of the party on
this floor except the Senator from Connecticut;
What are we to conclude? That they propose
to carry out the doctrine of the NewTork Dem-
ocratic platform. Now that tlie Senator him-
self is an exception to the great rule, although
I admit that his powerful aid brought to that
party may do a great deal, it'does not give it a
character, I am sorry to say, and never will so
long as he holds his present opinions; and £
am afraid that unless he becomes a little more
orthodox he'will* not stay there with a' great'
deal of comfort. Therefore I say thdt' how-
ever I may respect the authority and the opi'n-'
ions of the gentlemen who have been referred
to I hope the vote of the Senate to-night will
show that they do not represent the opinions
of those who made the Chicago platform, in
which it was said that we intended to pay our
debt's not only according' to the letter but the
spirit of the contract into which we entered.
Mr. DAVIS. It is a very late hour, Mr.
President; still I shall say a few words on this
important subject.
Mr. POMEROY. Will the Senator give
way to a motion to adjourn ? -
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, no; I do not want an
adjeurnment.
Mr. President, the courts of the country
have no jurisdiction over the subject-matter of
the bill that is now pending before the Senate
between the Government of the United States
and the bondholders. I wish they had. I
wish, that the point in dispute between the
bondholders and the Government could be re-
ferred to the Supreme Court of the United
States for its decision, and I have no doubt
what that decision would be. The Government
has had a transaction of borrowing money
from the bondholder. It did .not receive in
this loan coin. It did not receive gold or
silver. It received greenbacks and a depre-
ciated currency, and gave its bonds for the
nominal amount of money thus borrowed.
What is the law of usury, and what is the law
against usury and extortion in such a state of
case?
Supppse the honorable Senator from Ohio,
the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
had loaned me §1,000 in greenbacks and I had
given him my note for the repayment of the
sum of $1,000, and upon the maturity of the
paper I refused to pay and he was forced to
bring a suit against me, I could make him dis-
close upon oath as to the consideration and the
manner in which that bond had originated, and
could make him confess that it was a loaning
on his part and a borrowing upon my part, not
of $1,000 in gold and silver, but of $1,000 in
greenbacks; and upon his admission of those
facts, or my proof of them, what would be the
judgment and the duty of the court? It would
be that the greenbacks should be scaled at their
value at the time of the loaning and the borrow-
ing of the money, and that he should have his
judgment for the value in gold and silver of
these greenbacks with legal interest upon it.
That would be the simple judgment of the court.
I say that any court of chancery of intelligence
in the United States in precisely an analogous
transaction between individuals would render
the judgment that I have indicated, and that
decree would be according to the law and the
equity of the case.
What is my further position? The same law
that Would regulate a transaction of this char-
acter between individuals ought to regulate
it, and ought to be the rule of it between the
Government and the bondholders. The Gov-
ernment does not permit itself to be sued. It
establishes its own rate of interest. It may
make it six, five, four, or three per cent., ac-
cording to its sovereign will, and there is no
power on earth that can control the action of
the Government in relation to that matter.
But, sir, when the Government goes into the
market and borrows money, and that money is
a depreciated paper, the same rule of law and
equity, and the same judgment of the chan-
cellor and the same judgment of the court
that would be rendered in a case between in-
and reason-
 its creditots*
who had loaned it money! ' ' •
Men may talk as much as they please about
bonds and greenbacks. I am against any stit®
medium of payment. The Constitution aud the
law know'no greenbacks as'a legal fetider'or as.'
the payment of debt. The only legal'terider is
gold and silver 'currencyand:*when judgment'
is renderediii fevor of a creditor against a'8e-1
faulting'debtor the ojrly, proper' judgment that
can be rendered is for dollars, meaning gold
and" silver.; But when the tratrsactionias been
a lending and borrowing, and a depreciated,^
spurious currency has been the subject loaned,'
although the bond may call for dollars accord-
ing to the nominal amount of this spurious and
depreciated currency, it isusury,it is extortion,,
to exact it j itis against conscience; and when-
ever a chancellor is appealed to he ascertains
the conside'ratioh of the bond, its value at the
time of the loan, and he &ives a judgment or
decree for the value of the consideration of the
bond in gold' and silver. Now, Mr. President,
I say that what is equitable and right a,nd
according to conscience between individuals in
a court of chancery is equitable and right be-
tween the Government and its creditdrs, the
bondholders. '
I wish that this ease could go before, the
Supreme Court just as it would between pri-
vate parties who were residents in different
States. Upon the making out of the transac-
tion before that court as it appears before the
Senate and Congress the only relief and the
full extent of the relief to which the creditors,
the loaners of this depreciated paper to the
Government, would be entitled'would be the
value of their depreciated paper at the time it
was loaned, with legal interest upon it.
Now, Mr. President, what does the bill under
consideration propose to do? It proposes to
pay about nine hundred million dollars more
than the sum that is actually due the bondhold-
ers upon this equitable principle. The law of
usury is familiar to every tyro in the legal pro;
fession. A bond may not say anything about
borrowing and loaning money or about the
medium in which it is borrowed; but all this
may be 'the subject of allegation and proof, and
when it is alleged and proved in a court of
chancery the only relief that the lender is en-
titled to is the value of the depreciated _paper
which he has loaned with interest upon it. I
ask these gentlemen by what authority, by
what principle, can they give $900,000,000 to
those bondholders that they are not in equity
entitled to? I turn to the honorable Senator
from Ohio, and I tell him that if lie'was the
executor of a deceased party who was a debtor
for $1,000 in just sueh a transaction as exists
now between the bondholders and the Govern-
ment he would be bound to plead the usury in
a suit brought against him as the personal rep-
resentative of the obligor. He would be bound
to make the plea, and if he" failed to make the
plea he would be personally responsible for the
difference between the gold value of the money
and the nominal amount of the bond in gold.
Mr. President, I would appeal to the honor-
able Senator from Ohio in another aspect that
will illustrate this whole matter. Suppose he
was the guardian of an infant child whose father
had had a transaction of borrowing money in.
this depreciated paper and that child, was sued
in connection with the personal representative,
and the property which it inherited from its
father was sought to be made subject to the
payment of the debt. As guardian of that
infant child he would have to put in the plea
of usury, he would have to plead the facts of
the case. If he omitted to do so he would be
guilty of default in his fiduciary capacity, and
of such default as would make him personally
responsible for the amount which he might save
to his ward by making the plea/
Sir, is the fidelity and obligation of a guard-
ian or of an executor greater to his cestui que
trust than is the obligation and fidelity of the
Congress of the United States to .their cestuf
que trust, the people ? No. f,ir. It is the duty
of.Oohgregg now value of^fks
greenbaefc'sthat were loaded qpon &e issu'ft
and sale' of these bonds fty'the,p'p'cWers "t$
the Government at the time o.F.tiW'tr^psactioiJ,'
aha when this "Value is ascertained,allfjhliVii^
justice and in 'equity, 'all - that. Would" t'cft ,jjf(
qonHgmh^d a^usurvand extortion,'which Cb'n-
gress would Re authorized to nay would be ,6 ot
the nominal amount <bf the Donets, but tjieir
Value ujrg&ld ancf siJvter^atfyhe^iiiM" tli'^t Qfpjf
were, sold t^r"f3ie-(Gqferhm"e$t, the time that
tlie poYe'fnrtUjijt' bofro'wed 'the "mop'ey "upon
them..
_s'/Sir,uthSre is fio difference'iajpriociplej.tteij^
ijf.'ao differs'nee in justice'4,rid' equity between
the Gpvernment'o.f the United .States whe'n.ij
borf'OwjriAo'ney and your honor 'who preside'^
over the Senate if,y.ou borrowed fmpuey,of the
same kind, Spu,"«ir, having*bprrowed money
in the form offbese "greenback's^ .there \s not a
man who has read' law for "three months .who"
would not concede that although you had ,ex-.
ecuted your notes for the nominal amount and
although you-had expressly'promised in the
most expticit language" to pay In gold, and ,silr"
ver coin, still you could go into an investiga-
tion of the nature and consideration of the
contract of loaning, and borrowing .and you
could scale it to the value of the .paper whjch,
joy. borrowed, which witli interest from that
time would be "the relief and the utmost relief
that your creditor would be'entitled to against
you. ,
Sir, I ask for the application of this simple
and, universally executed principle of law and
equity to prevent fraud, extortion, and .usury.
I ask for the application of this simple and
just principle to the present bill." If it be
applied there is'no difficulty. AD that is to be
done is to ascertain what was paid for these
bonds when they were purchased by the bond-
holders. At the time of the purchase they
purchased by loaning to the Government money
upon them; they received bonds for the nom;
inal amount that was loaned, but it is a fact
demonstrable that, the average amount of
money loaned on these bonds did not exceed
sixty cents in the dollar. I have made the
computation. The excesses of interest upon
the gold value of the bonds that has been paid
being six per cent, in gold is usury; and what
is a universal principle of law in the decision
of usurious contracts ? That sucli sums as are
paid in interest above the legal rate shall be
applied to the satisfaction of so much of the
principal at the time that it was paid.
1 have made a computation upon thes^ bonds
on these two principles. I have ascertained
their gold value at the time they were sold, and
I have charged as principal the usurious inter-
est that was paid from time to time as it was
paid upon the bonds, and it makes a difference
of upward of nine hundred million dollars be-
tween their nominal amount and what is really
due according to their gold value at the tifne
the money was loaned upon the bonds. What
is the proposition of the honorable Senator
from Ohio and of the majority in the Senate?
It is simply to give as a gratuity to the bond-
holders against the people of the United "States,
and to make the people of the United States
answer by taxes for $900,000,000 beyond what
they owe upon the bonds according to all the
principles of law and of equity. Against that
I protest, and I say that so far from this being
a dishonest rule of settlement, any rule that
would give this $900,000,000 in addition is the
foulest extortion; it is usury excessive; it is
fraud and robbery upon the people; it is a
flagrant violation of. their trust and power by
the Congress of the United States to the peo-
ple who are to be taxed to pay this $900,000,000
in addition to what is honestly and equitably
due on the bonds, and I say that the bill for
these reasons ought not to pass.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Henderson.]
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the vote is taken
I.havg.a very few remarks to make.. I did not
expect to add anything to what I had said until
