®HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2T|
f Jieard the. rather remarkable suggestion of
me. Senator from- Maine, [Mr, "FessbnDen.]
He attributed to me a sentiment that is to be"
fcufld in the report of the Committee on Fi-
nance, and said that such a sentiment was a
foul* reproach. Of coarse the Senator did not
understand that that sentiment had been first
expressed by thfe'Coeamittee on Finance, but
in this' debase it Was sirqpjj quoted by myself
from their report as a part of my argument.
And then the Senator went on further to state
that it was not. the report of the committee,
but the report of the learned Senator from
Ohio. I am. sure that before the Senator from
Maine expressed himself So positively he ought
fo have examined the subject. It is not right
for him to attribute to me, and then to charac-
terize in rather offensive language, sentiments
that are found "expressed in an elaborate report
of the leading'commiltee of this body. Now,
sir,"this report commences in this wise:
" The Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
so much of the President's message as relates to the
public debt, and the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury on the state of the finances, is called upon
to report upon three important subjects necessarily
connected with each other."
Then the subjects are stated in the report,
important subjects connected with each other;
and the report closes, as in the language of the
committee, by what was known as the funding
bill. And yet the Senator from Maine in the
excitement of the debate attributed this report,
one of the most elaborate and deliberate pro-
ductions of a committee that this body has wit-
nessed, as simply a report of the Senator who
made it. Why so ? If this were a foul senti-
ment and a reproach that it should be uttered
why did not the Senator so denounce it at the
time, and why did he wait until I simply re-
peated the sentiment? Is it because the com-
mittee were of his own party and I was not?
Is that the justice of the Senator in public
debate?
Now, sir, I will read again the sentiment
that he characterizes as a foul reproach ; and
then the question is distinctly between him and
the distinguished committee that expressed it.
Discussing the question whether the five-twenty
bonds might be paid in greenbacks as an equi-
table and just proposition the committee uses
this language:
"If this question rested solely upon the act of Feb-
ruary '25, 1862, and the bonds had been negotiated
under that actalone, itwould be manifestly a breach
of taith to redeem the bonds with the present United
States notes. They are very different from the first
legal-tender notes, which, from the limited amount
authorized and the privilege to convert them into
bonds, could not have had a less market value than
fie bonds. But it was found that with such restric-
tions upon the notes the bonds could no t be n egotiated,
and it became necessary to depreciate the notes in
order to create a market for the bonds. The limit of
notes was trebled andtherightto convert them taken
away. The amount of United States notes in circu-
lation when the bonds were negotiated was equal to
the amount now outstanding, so that the question
arises whether by the terms of these several acts the
bonds may be redeemed with notes of the precise
character paid for the bonds when negotiated by the
United States."
Mr. President, I have read the entire passage.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is but just to the com-
mittee^ and the Senator will find it in the report
which is carefully considered, to say that the
committee expressed no opinion whatever, and
expressly disclaimed the purpose of expressing
any opinion on the question of the legal con-
struction of the law. I have no doubt some
misapprehension has grown out of the fact
that subsequently in a speech I made 011 the
funding bill, in which I expressed my own opin-
ions and expressly disclaimed expressing the
opinions of the committee, I did give the opinion
that has been commented on, that by the legal
terms of the acts issuing the bonds there was
no distinction made between the lawful money
of the United States in the payment of the
bonds. And in the report—I havt not read it
for a long time—I am quite sure the Senator
will find that no opinion was expressed by the
committee or for the committee as to the legal
construction of the law, because there was a
difference inthe Committee on Finance as
there was a difference in the Senate, and is to
this day, as to the legal construction of the law.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe that I under-
stand not only the letter but the very spirit of
this report, and when I advert to it I think the
Senator from Ohio will concede that I place a
proper construction upon the language which
it uses. I am not just now discussing the ques-
tion which the Senator from Ohio raises in his
interruption. I am answering the language of
the Senator from Maine. He felt himselt au-
thorized to use that very strong language that
it was a foul reproach that the sentiment was
expressed that there had been a purpose to
depreciate the currency of the country with a
view to float the bonds in the market; that it
became necessary. I was not a member of this
body when the several laws were enacted au-
thorizing the issue of the Treasury notes. I
of course did not have a personal knowledge
by any association with the gentlemen of this
body of the purpose of the several enactments;
but first it is plain that there were $150,000,000
provided for, and again there was a further issue
of $150,000,000, and again six months after-
ward another $150,000,000, making an aggre-
gate of $450,000,000 provided for.
I am commenting upon that action of the
Senate and of the House at different dates pro-
viding for these large issues of Treasury notes,
and how does the committee state it? That
by the act of 25th February, 1862, $150,000,000
of Treasury notes were provided for, and an
issue and sale of Government bonds by the
same act was authorized, and the committee
states it logically and forcibly that the $150,-
000,000 of Treasury notes would not float the
bonds, that these Treasury notes had value
because of their limited amount and because
of the fact that at the pleasure of the holder
they were convertible into bonds, so that these
notes being thus convertible into bonds could
not fall below the market value of the bonds,
and it became necessary, says the committee,
to depreciate the notes by taking away that
quality which gave them a market value equal
to bonds, a convertible quality, and treble
their quantity. This was the means resorted
to. I say I was not here to know the motive,
and it was right for me, in judging of the pur-
pose of this legislation and judging of the
equities that are now urged upon us in favor
of the bondholders, to ascertain the spirit and
purpose of this legislation from the authorita-
tive statement of the leading committee of this
body ; and when I did say so it was not right
for the Senator from Maine to say that it was
a reproach. Was it a reproach? Was it a
reproach that deliberately the Congress of the
United States by taking away the convertible
quality of the notes and by trebling their
quantity upon the market depreciated them,
and that this was necessary in order to secure
a market for the bonds? If that were neces-
sary it is not to be charged upon me as a
reproach that I referred to it in this debate.
Mr. President, the Senator also said that it
was without foundation in fact that the people
did ever intend to pay less than a dollar when
they promised to pay a dollar. Who said they
promised to pay less than a dollar? Who de-
fined what a dollar is? I did not. I have
never given a very earnest support to the doc-
trine that Congress ought to define what should
be a dollar. I have not questioned, I have
not yet felt it to be my public duty to question,
the constitutionality of the legal-tender clause ;
but the Senator from Maine I expect was a
supporter of the act of the 25th of February,
1862, and that act in as plain and emphatic
language as can be commanded declares that
these Treasury notes are dollars, declares that
they are not only legal tenders in the discharge
of public obligations and private debts but that
they are lawful money of the United States.
When the Senator by the act of February 25,
1862, said that these notes were lawful money
of the United States what did it mean? I
want to know of the Finance Committee what
it meant. I understood it to be, in my plain
understanding of language, that these Treasury
notes in respect to their power to discharge
debts and as a standard of value should be
equal in dignity and force with gold and silver,
and that for the purpose of discharging all
public indebtedness except the interest on the
public debt and except where the Government
has promised to pay gold, and also in the dis-
charge of debts between man and man, these
Treasury notes were dollars. Was it not so? If
I am wrong now let the Senator correct me. If
they were not dollars it was because your act
had not constitutional force and validity. If-
it had constitutional force and validity you
said that these Treasury notes were dollars,
dollar for dollar, according to the face of the
obligation.
Then, sir, my argument this afternoon did
not state that the people of this couutry had
ever undertaken to pay a dollar with less than
a dollar, but that when the people of the United
States promised to pay so much money, and
did not expressly agree to pay it in coin, then
the reading of the obligation is that they will
pay it in the lawful money of the country. If
I promise to pay to the honorable Senator from
Maine by my note $1,000 in money, let me
ask him will he raise the question whether I
may discharge that with less than dollar for
dollar ? He would not ask gold of me upon
such an obligation ; he would say that the con-
struction of that promise made by me to him
was a promise to pay in the lawful money of
the United States, and that if I did not in my
obligation agree to pay gold the legal con-
struction would be Treasury notes, upon which
you by law have impressed the quality of
money.
Then, sir, why make the Sing that somebody
wants to pay less than a dollar for a dollar upon
a promise of the Government? I have not
suggested it. I have said, however, that when
the promise is plain and the construction can-
not be doubted we have no more right to im-
pose upon the people of the United States an
additional obligation without some new con-,
sideration than the Senator would have a right
to demand of me twenty-five per cent, more
than the legal construction of my contract en-
titled him to. That is where the question is.
It is not a question of legal construction ; it is
a question of now making the bonded debt of
this country, $600,000,000, worth more than it
is under the contract. That is the question.
Why, Mr. President, who can doubt it ? The
very law that said that these bonds might be
issued and did not authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to say that the bonds should be
paid in gold provided for the issue of paper
which should be lawful money and which might
pay these very bonds, and these Treasury notes
were issued at the same time the bonds were
issued and before the bonds were sold, and
upon these Treasury notes you impressed the
quality and the power to pay these bonds.
What did you mean when you said in the act
of February 25, 1862, that these Treasury notes
should be receivable in the discharge of all the
obligations owing by the Government except
the interest of the public debt? What do those
plain words mean to the people, to common-
sense people? When you said in plain words
that the Treasury notes, amounting in all before
these bonds were negotiated to $450,000,000,
according to the statement of the committee,
should be receivable in payment of the public
obligations except the interest on the public
debt what did your law mean? If these five-
twenty bonds cannot be paid with the Treasury
notes what public obligations can be?
The other bonds the laws provide shall be
paid in gold. Then the other securities can be
paid in currency. If these Treasury notes are
not a legal-tender discharge at the election of
the Government of these five-twenty bonds
what is the meaning of the language in the aa
of 1862, I should like to know? It is not going
to satisfy the country even for a Senator of the
great weight and eminence before the country
of the Senator from Maine simply to say that
it is not honest. That will not quite do ; he has
got to come to the point for the people to under-
stand it. In 1862 that Senator said that this
paper was money, that it was lawful money,
