©26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February &,
doe thing .upon which the people of all polit-
ical parties, in this country are united in opin-
ion it is that there ought to be a reduction in
tie expenditures for the Army and for the
Navy, and- tKe sooner we can begin to make
that redaction .the better it will be for the
country and for all concerned..
•! Idesire now to ask my colleague, who is chair-
man'of thei Military Committee, whether it is
not, in-his judgment, expedient to reduce the
Army with the present skeleton regiments so
thai.' the-Army shall be consolidated into thirty-
nine fall regiments, and to reduce the number
of ^officers so that there shall be only a suffi-
cient number to give to eaeh full regiment the
officers required bylaw?
Mr, GARFIELD. If
If the chairman will allow
me I will answer my colleague.-.
Mr. BLAINE. Certainly.
Mr. GARFIELD. I believe we can consol-
idate several ©£ the regiments, especially infan-
try regiments, both in the number of the enlisted
men and in the ntutfber of officers, and I think
that can be done safely.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Into how many
regiment®? • - ■■
- Mr, GARFIELD.. I cannot say without a
little thought and examination of the-status of
the Army, but I think we can provide for a very
considerable reduction of the Army. I will
say to my colleague and to*, the House that the
Committee on Military Affairs for the last ten
or twelve days have been taking the testimony
of the most thoughtful officers of the Army on
the whole subject of Army organization and
as to what might be done to increase the effi-
ciency of the Armyand at thesame time reduce
expenditures ; and while I am not authorized
to express the opinions of the committee on
that subject as drawn from this examination,
still I will- say for myself I am clearly of the
belief that several of the staff corps of the Army
can be Consolidated,and by such a consolidation
the efficiency of the Army will be increased, with
at the same time a considerable reduction, per-
haps not at'first, but an ultimate1 reduction in
the number of officers of those staff corps. I
hope and believe that we shall be able to accom-
plish that result, and it is probable that the
committee may be able to report as soon as
Monday next. If it be understood that the
Committee on Military Affairs can move their
amendments to this bill I think I can answer for
it that they will be ready to present them by
that time.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. As I under-
stand my colleague, it has been deemed advis-
able to consolidate the present skeleton regi-
ments into a fewer number of regiments. Now,
I ask my colleague to state whether it is not
also advisable when these skeleton regiments
are consolidated into a fewer number that we
should reduce the present number of Army
officers to what is a sufficient number for the
regi meats that may be required ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I say without hesitation
that ought to be done-; but speaking for myself,
I make this proviso, that I do not think that
we ought to cut off absolutely and muster out
these officers of the Army. I do not think'
public policy requires us to do it, and I do not
think by so doing that we would do justice to
these Armyofficers. I think we oughtto'make
the reduction prospective and by absorption,
and I think that in that way the reduction will
ta.ke place very rapidly. Those who are familiar
with the subject know that the number of offi-
cers leaving the Army at the present time is
very great. Last year five hundred persons
holding commissions in the Army have given
them up, and if we had passed the law which
was reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs at the last session the reduction in the
number of Army officers there provided would
have very rapidly taken _place by this process.
The Army would have been reduced to the
extent of these five hundred officers during the
past year.
■ I think, Mr. Chairman, that justice to all
concerned requires that we should reduce the
Army by actual absorption, and not by au
actual muster out' of officers. I desire to say
that the bill we reported'last winter had that
feature in it.; and because it did not contain a
provision and because we declined to incor-
porate in'it a provision to actually mnsterthese
officers out of service, the House recommitted
the bill and it did not pass. I do hdt say this
with any view of criticising the action of the
House, but merely in justice to the Committee
on Military Affairs. -
Mr.. BLAINE. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Pile:]
Mr. ROBINSON. What is the question
before the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. General debate on the
Army bill, on which the gentleman from Maine
is entitled to the floor. He now yields to the
gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. PILE. I desire to say, Mr. Chairman,
I am and have been convinced for more than
a year that we are paying from ten to fifteen
million dollars to support the army in this
country that ought to be saved, and would be
saved if Congress would give one or two weeks,
or perhaps less time, to the faithful considera-
tion of a thorongh and systematic reduction
of the Army for the purpose of placing it upon
a proper peace establishment. But I desire
to express my doubts whether it can be gone
over as thoroughly as it ought to be in connec-
tion with tbis general appropriation bill. If it
can, and the House will give its consent to at-
tach such provisions to this bill, which must
go through the Senate, it is perhaps the most
direct means of reaching, the object. But, sir,
a simple proviso' added to this bill will not
reach the result. The whole Army organization
needs complete revision. A large part' grew
up during the war, and as has been intimated
by the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs—and I give my judgment corroborative
of his from the testimony of our best Army
officers—the Military Committee are satisfied
that we may make a great reduction in the
expenses of the Army by a consolidation of
some of the staff corps. I believe that if we
give sufficient time to the subject wo can adopt
measures by which the expenses of the Army
may be reduced from eight to ten million dol-
lars every year.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the gentleman from
Maine to yield to me.
Mr. BLAINE. I will yield to the gentleman
for five minutes.
Mr. LOGAN. I should like at this1 point,
Mr. Chairman, inasmuch as I took an active
part in the opposition which has been referred
to by the gentleman from Ohio to the bill
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs
last year, to throw in one or two suggestions
in connection with what has been said on that
subject. _ I have no objection to an amendment
to this bill which will provide in a proper way
for a reduction of the Army, but if the gentle-
man offers the same bill which he offered last
year I will frankly say what I did last year,
that it is a humbug. I said so then, and I say
so now. Will any military man say that we
ought to consolidate regiments and at the same
time refuse to reduce the number of officers in
accordance with that consolidation? If we
consolidate the regiment, while at the same
time we retain all the officers as at present, in
my judgment sixty skeleton regiments are far
better than thirty consolidated regiments, for
then, in case of emergency, all that would be
required would be to fill up the ranks. But
such, sir, is not the reduction of the Army I
propose and which I favor.
Mr. PILE. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a moment?
Mr. LOGAN. I have only a few moments
myself. Now, Mr. Chairman, my proposition
then, and I am willing to agree to it now, was
that we should reduce the rank of the officers.
The gentleman from Ohio thought it a hard-
ship to reduce the rank of officers after they had
once obtained it. Itis no more a hardship for
them than it was a hardship for the civilians
who were at onee mustered out of service.
There is no reason why it should not be done,
that the rank of the officers should be made
to correspond exactly with the duties which
he is called upon to perform. If an offi-
cer only discharges the duty of a colonel he
ought not to be entitled to higher rank , than
that of colonel. I saw a bill of isome one who
pretends to be a military.man providing for
twelve major generals and for no brigadier
generals. That military man must have had
great experience to have conceived' so wise a
project. If we have twelve mrfjor generals we
must hereafter provide for some brigadier
generals. Every man who knows anything on
the subject knows that. My proposition is not
to increase the rank of officers, but to reduce
the rank of .officers according to the great reduc-
tion which has taken place In our Army, and
according to the duties which you require them
to' perform in the line of . the Army. ^ Such
always has been the rale, and it is the' correct
rule; and the man who is afraid to touch the
Army, because some men may be affected who
now hold rank which1 under a proper system
would be reduced to what it is, is to-day a cow-
ard before the country, and i do not mean the
expression in any offensive sense, but merely
in a political sense; 1 say that the man who is
afraid to meet this issue of doingwhat the
necessities of the country demand and what is
in accordance with the former rule for reduc-.
ing the rank of an officer to correspond exactly
with the duties which he is called upon to per-
form is, in my judgment, shrinking from the
discharge of his duty. I say that the country
demands and ought to have this reduction, and
no man ought to be afraid to stand up to it.
It is right and proper. It was-the rule'in the
Army when we had hundreds, of thousands of
men who were every day laying'down their-
lives upon the battle-fields. What did we -then
do? Not by act of Congress, but-merely by
an order of the Secretary of War, regiments
were consolidated and men who held commis-
sions the same as these men were mustered out
of service. When this was the rule applied to
men who had bravely won their commissions
in the field in time of war, I do not see how it
can be wrong to apply the same rule of making
the rank correspond to the duties to be per-
formed in time of peace, and especially now,
when many of our officers have very little else
to do than wear their uniforms and: attend
receptions. '
Mr. BLAINE. I now yield for five minutes
to the gentleman from Minnesota',-'[Mr. Wis-
dom.] '" '
Mr. WINDOM. I am very glad, Mr. Chair-
man, to know that a proposition for the reduc-
tion of the Army meets with such general
favor. I was exceedingly astonished, however,
when the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs declared that he had not had time
to consider this question and was not prepared
at this time to offer a fairly considered bill;
but it is not so astonishing when we consider
that" for the last two years he has been attend-
ing to the business of the Indian Committee.
I presume that the gentleman from Ohio in
devoting himself to Indian affairs has quite for-
gotten to give that attention "to the business of
the Military Committee which it deserved. I
do not wonder, therefore, that the gentleman's
colleague on the Military Committee informed
the House that if he only had time to prepare
a bill for the reduction of the Army the coun-
try might save each year from eig&t to ten mil-
lion dollars. It would be more important for
the chairman of the committee instead of giv-
ing his whole time up to Indian affairs, the
cost .of which' is only $2,500,000 all told, to
devote himself to the preparing of a bill which,
according to the statement of one of the gen-
tleman's colleagues, will save to the Govern-
ment^frorn eight to ten millions a year!
This bill,-' Mr. Chairman, adds some ten or
twelve million dollars to the appropriations of
last year. The chairman of the Military Com-
mittee has been too busy about Indian affairs
to attend to the saving of this money and to
keep this military establishment from increas-
ing at the rate of from ten to twelve millioir
