m® O-OKG-BKSSIOKAfli. GLOBE.
Febriiap^)2T,
is contrary tg ex-
tW#t* Yf u,:ie<irinot< divide a motion to
strike (MtfiM&iosert..
■ ■ ;iMjySHB RMAN.... .It can be, because it is-to
.difeffiQt PW  (Jf'iJie.septjjjf.. . . <■
• Mf. EkDM¥iSBS..> The rule expressly de-
clares tbat-yocneannot.. , .
You can where> the me-
--•tioti applies W different parts of a bill. It is
°a}l<s\lble;ra®tiaB:' : ,
■ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tkmia'onthearnendmertt. . j. i
Mr. WILSON. I wish to announce that
Mr. fickers bag paired off with Mr. Trumbull.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays JS4 ; aS follows:
YF. A3—Messrs. Cole, Davis. Henderson, Morton,
Porneroy. ifebertsonf, Rossi, and Spencer—8.
N AYS—Mes,srs.A bbott, Cattell, Onnklina, Confiess,
"rbcttj Qrsgin. DixoB, Edmunds, Perry. Fessenden,
"-Frelirrgnnysfn, 'G>rimt>?,. Jlarlan, Harris, Howard,
.McDonald. Morgan, Morrill of Maine. Morrill of
VVrmout, Nye, Qsborn* Patterson of New Hamp-
siurei Sawyer, Sherman,"Stewart, Sumner, Thayer,
Tipton. Wade, Warner, Welch, Willey, Williams,
and'Wilson—34.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew,
Cameron, Chandler, Doolitfle, Drake. Fowler, Hend-
ricks, Howe, Kellogg, MeCreery, Norton, Patter-
,soa of Tennessee, Pool, Ramsey, Riee, Saulsbury,
Sprague, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Yickers, Whyte,
and Yates—24.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time. .
Mr. EDMUNDS called for the yeas and
cays; and they were ordered.,
Mr. ANTHONY. On this bill I am paired
with the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr. Nor-
ton. ] If he were present he would vote against
the bill, and. I should vote for it if I was at
liberty tcj.vote.
Mr. .CATTELL. I am requested by the
Senator front Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] to
fiay that he is paired off with Mr. Kellogg, of
Louisiana. If they were present Mr. Cameron
would vote for the bill and Mr. Kellogg
against it.
The result was announced—yeas 30, nays 16;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Cattell, Oonkliner, Conness,
Corbett.Cragin, Dixon.Edmunds, Ferry. Fessenden,
Frelinghuysen. Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Howard,
Morgan, Morrill of Maine. Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Robertson, Sawyer,
Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Willey,
Williams, and Wilson—30.
HAYS—Messrs. Cole, Davis, Doolittle, Fowler,
Henderson, Hendricks, MeCreery, McDonald, Mor-
ton, Osborn, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy,Ross,
Spencer, Wade, and Welch—16.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew,
Cameron, Chandler, Drake. Howe, Kellogg, Norton,
Pool, Ramsey. Rice, Saulsbury, Sprague, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, Viekers, Warner, White, and Yates—20.
So the bill was passed.
. Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the
title so as to read "An act relating to the
public debt."
The motion was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by W. K. Mehaffy, one of its clerks,
announced that the House had passed a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 469) granting the use of
military equipments for the inauguration cere-
monies, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate to
the bill (H. Ii. No. 568) explanatory of the
act entitled "An act declaring the title to land
warrants in certain cases."
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 2009) authorizing the
Secretary of War to place at the disposal of
the National Lincoln Monument Association
at Springfield, Illinois, damaged and captured
ordnance was read twice by its title, and or-
dered .to li« on the table.
I he joint resolution (H. R. No. 468) author-
izing the Uniou Pacific Railway Company,
eastern division, to change its name to the
Kansas Pacific Railway Company was read
•twice by its title, arid referred to the Co.mnaittee
on the-Pacifie Railroad.
"military equipments for inauguration.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 4'69) grant-
ing. the use, of, military equipments for the
inauguration, ceremonies, was .read twice by
its title. . ' j
Mr. ^YILSjO.N. I ask unanimous consent to
act on that, joint resolution now. It is neces-
sary tha,t it should pass to-night.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider tlie joint resolution (H. R. No. 469)
granting the use of military equipments for the
inauguratipn ceremonies. It is a request to
the-Secretary of War to deliver to the mayor
of the city of Washington.^ for the use of such
volunteer military organizations as shall take
part in the inauguration ceremonies on the 4th
of March next, four thousand muskets, with
equipments, accouterments, six brass field
pieces, with caissons, equipments, and accou-
terments, and a suitable number of infantry,
cavalry, and artillery flags ; taking such secur-
ity as he may deem proper for the careful pres-
ervation and prompt return of said property.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
internal revenue stamps.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to enter a motion
to reconsider a resolution which was adopted
last evening_ on the motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Buckalew] calling on the
President to furnish a long statement about
stamps.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reso-
lution has been transmitted to the President
of the United States.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I desire to have it
recalled, and submit that motion.
The amendment was agreed to ; and it was
Ordered, That a message be sent to the President
of the United States requesting him to return to the
Senate the resolution of the Senate of the 26th in-
stant, requesting him to furnish a statement of the
account of the internal revenue stamps issued by the
Government since the passage of the act of July 1,1862.
suffrage constitutional amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to have the con-
current resolution in regard to sending the con-
stitutional amendment to the Secretary of State
passed. I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to ; and the following
resolution was adopted :
Heaolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring.) That the President of the United
States be requested to transmit forthwith to the
Executives oi the several States of the United States
copies of the article of amendmentproposed by Con-
gress to the Srate Legislatures to amend the Consti-
tution of the United States, passed February 26,1869,
respecting the exercise of the elective franchise, to
the end that the said States may proceed to act upon
the said article of amendment, and that he request
the Executive of each State that may ratify said
amendment to transmit to the Secretary of State a
certified copy of such ratification.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the
Army appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Imovethatitbe
postponed and made the special order for half
past twelve o'clock on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 27, 1869.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
eastern cherokee indians.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a letter
from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs with
an estimate of the expenses of a delegation of
the Eastern Cherokee Indians and recommenc-
ing an appropriation; which was referred "4o
the Committee on Appropriations.
american ocean steamers. " ' %
Mr. ELIOT, ofMassachusetts, by nnanimoas
consent, presented resolutions of the Legistla-
ture of the State of Massachusetts in favor of
the passage of Senate bill for the establishment
of a line of American ocean steamers ; whi^h
were referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered, to be printed.
order of business.
Mr. CHANLER. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the question of privilege pending at the ad-
journment last night, being the report of the
Committee of Elections upon the contested-
election cases' from the second congressional
district of Louisiana.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I hope the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Chanler] will withdraw
for a moment the call for the regular order,
that I may report from the Committee on Re-
construction a bill to supply an omission in a
bill which was passed in last July to remove
disabilities from about twenty persons, among
whom is one gentleman who is a member of
the other side of the House.
Mr. CHANLER. The bill does not propose
any new legislation?
Mr. BOUTWELL. No, sir; it simply cor-
rects an error in an act already passed.
Mr. CHANLER. I withdraw for the pres-
ent the call for the regular order.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. BOUTWELL, from the Committee on
Reconstruction, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2008) in addition to an act entitled "An act to
relieve from legal and political disabilities cer-
tain persons engaged in the late rebellion,"
approved July 27, 1868.
Mr. HARDING. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Recon-
struction have the right to report at any time
when they can obtain the floor.
The bill was read a first and second time.
It provides that (two thirds of each House
concurring) all legal and political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth article of amend-
ments of the Constitution of the United States,
by reason of the late rebellion, be removed
from the persons named in an act approved
Jul}' 27,1868, entitled "An act to relieve from
legal and political disabilities certain persons
engaged in the late rebellion."
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will only state that in
the act of July 27, 1868, removing disabilities
from about twenty persons, among whom was
Mr. Young, now a member of this House,
the words "be, and the same are hereby, re-
moved " being the operative words, and neces-
sary to give force to the act, were accidentally
omitted, either by the engrossing clerks or by
the committee. This bill is designed merely
to give effect to that act of Congress.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
The question being taken on the passage of
the bill, it was decided in the affirmative, two
thirds voting in favor thereof.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
noiiman wiard.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to submit a report from the Committee on
Ordnance upon the ease of Norman Wiard.
Mr. CHANLER. I call for the regular
order.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
