nm
l ^OK0Rfi38I0!fMif' GfcGfflB;
February Sl^,
fiKglbiUS^, fete committee $}$ "not feelauthor-
xnaa to sfirtke ik<Mfc «f tkek «wn amotion, l t
tsave itio th¥. House to say whether it would
oattsi d erifcor'e at. Butcthef committee consid-
ered it of A;«&t8ris^;ttoiiteq,B«ne6 unless Mr.
1m* was sMm fa harvereeei ved a majority;
ferit wakdMcM'-MitfewHoneeF, iu the- eases
of i Matey.-ds. CM today .and gniitfc vs; Brown,
that -jtos-atftjrta a person to- be: admitted as a
metafeer @t thisHouse as duly elfictedhemust
Bk&w that he -has ireceived a majority or a plu-
rality bf ith*mrte  east in-hi8 district, and ttoat
no. p ereon o xeoeiv ed a minority; of the .votes
easti ought to be-admitted to a>.seat as a legal
Refiresehtatwe from Ms congressioaaidistrict.
The views of the committee were set forth so
eieariy.&nd foccibly in the reports in the ease
of Smiths®; Brown,-an<i also in the ease of
Blafeey-twt. Gttlladay, whichwere snpported by
the House, that we deem-it unnecessary to do
more than.refer to the positions there assumed
andsustained by the House as satisfactory and
conclusive in this- ease, as adopting a rule in
such cases from which the House would not
deviate,, there being no law of Congress or of
the Stater,of Louisiana providing for anelee-
don of a .member of Congress by a minority.
Considering that our Government, is a Gov-
ernment in which officers are chosen by ma-
jorities, and not by minorities, the committee
did not feel authorized to assume that the law
was otherwise than had been heretofore an-
nounced by the House or than has been uni-
versally accepted as the rule of elections
throughout the country so far as the election
of members of Congress is cpncerned.
But I will state farther, in relation to another
matter of evidence which has been attempted
to be introduced here, that the original evi-
dence in this ease was taken and concluded
when Mr. Mann was alive. Notice of contest
was served en the 22d of May, 1868; the an-
swer was served on the 3d of June. On the
22d of June the testimony was commenced,
and on the 10th of August it was concluded.
On the 26th of August Mr. Mann died; and
notwithstanding the testimony was closed and
the time for taking testimony under the statute
had expired, and no order for further time to
take testimony had been given by the House,
yet on the 8th of January, 1869, an affidavit
was taken in this District on the part of Mr.
Jones before a justice of the peace, without
any authority of Congress, and without giving
notice to any person representing Mr. Mann's
interest. That ex parte affidavit is brought
in here to show that there were 1,100 less
votes given than the returns of the command-
ing general showed, and also that Mr. Jones
received a majority of the votes. The man
who makes that affidavit, Mr. Leon, was him-
self only an officer at one election precinct,
and didnot have the returns himself, but claims
that he was present when they were read in
a certain map's office, and swears to the re-
sult that the .majority was so much for Mr.
Jones.-. The committee considered that this
ex parte evidence, being taken without author-
ity six months after the time for taking the
testimony had closed and sworn to by a party
who could not be cognizant of the facts and
testifies only from recollection of matters which
he says he heard nearly a year previous, would
not avail to set aside the returns of the com-
manding general under authority of law. It is
too vague, general, indefinite, uncertain, and
unreliable to be considered here, and it never
would be received in any ordinary election
case when taken under such circumstances.
As the committee are unanimous in their re-
port.I shall not take up the time of the House
further, but will yield fifteen minutes to the
gentleman from Louisiana who introduced the
resolution yesterday on behalfof the contestant.
Mr, -BLACKBORN. Mr. Speaker, in the
few rem^-ks which I may be permitted to make
on this, case I would not be understood as
questioning tfce nice legal points assumed by
the committee ; mj yet should I be understood
as attempting to impugn the integrity of the
late member whose seat is contested. In a
j ers® $l«3nsail(s;raB.Bjy frieind. I knew him
well, and he was an honorable-gentleman. But",
sir^ this i3simply_a political.queation,onewhich
does not involve personalities or personal feel-
ings. ) As I- am allowed but a few minutes I
will briefly state to the House fehkt.1 simply
ask theadmission of Simon Jones as member
of Congress upon this floor from the second
congressional district of'Louisiana upon gen-
eral principles of right and justice, and as car-
ryiag oat in good ftji th'and practically the recon-
struction policy inaugurated by Congress.
. Howj sir, I" lay down this proportion, and I
defy a successful refutation of it, that when-
ever you see a. gentlemaii coming up from-the
South claiming a seat upon this floor and claim-
ing to have been elected in a district or section
of country where there is a large and ruling
majority of Republican votes, andfwho comes
here as the enemy of the congressional plan
of reconstruction, his pretended election is a
fraud and a cheat. Such, sir, was the case in
regard to my deceased friend, Colonel James
Mann. He was a loyal man, it is true. He
had fought the rebellion bravely and nobly,
and when he laid down his sword, what did he
do ? He went down South; and with whom
did he fraternize ? He fraternized politically
with the friends of Jeff. Davis and with those
rebellious leaders whose hands were reeking
with the blood of patriots who died that this
nation might live. He received his commis-
sion at the hands of a gentleman who trod the
same path, General Buchanan.
Now, how did it come to pass that James
Mann was elected in a congressional district
where there was a clear Republican majority
of from five hundred to one thousand? I con-
tend upon general principles, without minutely
investigating the case, that it was a fraud; and
Mr. Simon Jones, if he can be allowed to ad-
dress the House, or his legal friends and advis-
ers who may be permitted to do so, can clearly
show that fact. Mr. Mann came here, and not-
withstanding his case was contested, he was at
once sworn in as a member of Congress in the
month of July last. And here, sir, let me say
to the House that while it admits members
upon this floor from the South who come here
elected in direct opposition to its own policy
of reconstruction, this reconstruction policy
is worse than a farce; it becomes a machinery
to crush out every true loyal man in my sec-
tion ; and I am proud to be permitted to occupy
this floor if but for a few moments, as a native
southern loyalist, to speak in behalf of another
of my own class. While I am not opposed to
a judicious policy of clemency and forgiveness
toward what I call the rebellious element of
my native land, I tell this Congress that when
it reaches over the dead bodies of the native
southern loyalists in that section to honor
and pardon rebels or to honor and raise into
high places those who fraternize with them, it
proves recreant to that liberty for which Gen-
eral Grant fought and in behalf of which he
conquered. Mr. Speaker, I remember that
since your election to the second office in the
gift of the American people you stood up in
the States of the free North and declared to
the world that the time was at hand when the
friends of this Government should be permitted
to sing its national hymns upon the banks of
the Mississippi and upon the banks of the Rio
Grande with the same safety and liberty with
which they exercise their patriotic devotions
upon the shores of the northern lakes. But
I tell you that day will never come while the
national Legislature turns the back of the hand
and. give? the go-by to those few patriotic and
devoted southern men who stood up for the
flag of their country when surrounded by the
friends of treason; when there was no Fed,
eral cannon's echo to cheer them on in their
devotion to their country ; when if they wanted
to pray for their country they had to enter into
the wilderness where the ear of treason could
apt hear and detect their words of devotion.
If I had time I would fain dwell at length on
these things which yet stir my soul when I re-
member them. As a new and inexperienced
member I feel a great difficulty in attempting
to compete with the unanimous report of an
old and experienced committee of this House.
I can do nothing more than to plead, as I said
at the ontsftart, upon the general principled of
right, which every member upon this floor,
whether Republican or Democrat, if he loves
his country, if he loves freedom, cannot Ml t<5
understand and appreciate. I therefore askon
the general principles sf right, and as being iit
striet accordance with the true.intent and
meaning of the reconstruction acts of Congress-;
that my friend, Mr. Jones, who is a native
loyalist, who has walked through tribulatiod
and blood in his.native land to uphold his Gov-
ernment, be admitted as a member upon this
floor, and that he be sworn in as such. Now,
the honorable gentleman who has spoken in
behalf of the committee says that Mr. Jones
has not made out his case. That may be true.
And if that gentleman had lived where Mr.
Jones lives, if he had endured what Mr. Jones
has endured, if he had met the devilish machi-
nations of treason there, when at the time this
report was made all the civil power of Louisi-
ana was in the hands of rebels, men who hate
a southern loyalist more thoroughly than the
devil hates holy water—if he had endured these
things, then he might well understand why it
was impossible for Mr. Jones, even if his mo-
tives had been as pure as the crystal drops
which sparkle upon the trees by the stream of
life, had he been as vigilant as the angels who
vie around God's throne, could not have made
out a clear case. No, sir ; and why? Because
the spirit of treason is wily, it is shrewd, it is
intriguing, it is devilish, and it is unprincipled.
Now, sir, whatever may be said m regard to
legal technicalities, and they may be against
Mr. Jones in this case, I will remind the House
of this fact, that but for those things known in
law as legal technicalities, Andrew Johnson
would have been convicted on his impeach-
ment. That, sir, is the only excuse why he
was not convicted. Certain conscientious law-
yers in the other end of this Capitol planted
themselves upon what are termed legal techni-
calities, and they let Andrew Johnson go un-
whipped of justice. And in consequence of
this, as I know of my own personal knowl-
edge, hundreds, ay, thousands of patriotic men
in the South now sleep in untimely graves.
On the road to my home the wayside is dotted
with the graves of the poor, unsophisticated
freedmen who died by the hand of midnight
assassins because Andrew Johnson was not
convicted and removed from office. And why
was he not? For the same reason on which
gentlemen seek to deprive my friend, Mr.
Jones, of a seat on this floor; because, for-
sooth, some legal technicalities stood in the
way. I trust, sir, that this House will prove
itself wise and patriotic enough to disregard
all such formalities and do justice upon the
naked principles of common sense and right.
Mr. UPSON. I now yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.]
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, if members
of the House will give me their attention for
even so brief a time as ten minutes, I can, un-
less I deceive myself very much, satisfy them
not only that the great principles of justice
and right are in favor of the contestant, Mr.
Jones, but also that our friends upon the Com-
mittee of Elections are mistaken even with
regard to the questions of technical law.
The facts in this case are few. In the month
of April last an election was held, under the
reconstruction laws, in the second congres-
sional district of Louisiana, for a member of
this House. Mr. Jones and a gentleman by the
name of Mr. Mann were the competing candi-
dates. The certificate of General Buchanan,
commander of that department, was to the
effect that Mr. Mann had received a majority of
the votes. Upon that certificate Mr. Mann was
admitted to a seat in this House just at the close
of the session last summer. A notice of con-
test was served upon him by Mr. Jones- While
the contest was going oh, and after a body of
evidence had been taken, bat before the proof
