1869.
mi cojsTm^6Biq.i\TA,L globje.
finance.
Mr. BROOMALL, -Mr. Chairman, rnorethan
three years haye elapsed since the Secretary of
the Treasury announced that a speedy return .to
the use of coin was the duty and intention of
the Government. More than three years have
elapsed since the House of .Representatives, by
an almost unanimous vote, indorsed and sanc-
tioned thai announcement, vlccording to .the
opinions of the .SecretaryAnd of Congress, one
or two years would be all the time required to
bring about this result, yet the «aJ specie
payments % apparently further off now than it
seemed in. 1865.' Iu-the mean time the people
are suffering under £.11 ihe evils of & depreci-
ated currency, among which nojt the least is
that they are growing careless about its exist-
ence. The over-due notes of the Government
pass from hand to hand at p. heavy discount,
which proves as well as measures the national
dishonor, without causing a wholesome sense
of humiliation in the mind of any American
cit.iz.en.
Excessive importations, the result of inflated
prices, are constantly sen ding,our .bonds abroad
to pay the balance of trade atjtbe same ruinous
discount, and to be paid in- |u.li ,jit par in a few
years, yet the Representatives of the people
take no steps toward arresting the evil. Spec-
ulators in United States notes—for it is absurd to
.call them speculators jngold—taki,ngady.antage
of the fact that pur currency has no foreign
supply or demand, inflate and depress prices
alternately, .and thus defraud the producer a,nd
the honest dealer, making panic and plethora
at will. Yet legislators play into their hands
by maintaining a currency just adapted to their
uses, because limited in its area of circulation
and worthless and unknown to the rest of the
commercial world. Borrowers are subjected to
high rates of interest because the Government
pays high rates by reason of the depreciation
of'its notes. Yet Congress, knowing that a
return to the use o.f coin would reduce the in-
terest on the public debt and therefore upon
all other debts to five and six per cer^t,, refuses
or neglects to apply the remedy.
The evils u,nder which the productive inter-
ests of the country labor are manifest enough.
They are directly traceable .to .a debased and
fluctuating measure of value. The Govern-
ment created the misqhief, the Government
ought to abate it. What is the remedy? And,
first, shall we return to specie payments?
This question need hardly be asked if it were
not that men of high position in Congresgand
in the country consider or affect to consider
the precious metxls an antiquated machine for
measuring values, adopted in barbarous times
and fitted only for the old-fashioned Govern-
ments of the Old World. In this inventive age,
and especially in .this inventive country, these
men pretend to thiiik it humiliating that no
progress has been made in the means of effect-
ing exchanges during,centuries of extraordi-
nary advancement in,every thing else.
Prominent among those theorists is the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
who would as sooti think of adppting^the Gov-
ernments of the Old World as its notions upon
finance and its laws of trade, -lie'proposes an
American currency ; on e which will not derange
opr business by going abroad just when it is
most wanted at home. He objects to the legal-
tender notes because they arc not dollars, out
mere promises to pay dollars; thus affording a
pretext to narrow-minded men to demand that
the promise be fulfilled. He proposes,that the
Government shall take up those notes and issue
in their stead pieces of paper, nicely gotten up,
with .the words "one dollar," " five dollars,"
"ten dollars," or "fifty dollars" handsomely
engraved, upon them with some appropriate
American device. He sees that the people
might hesitate to take these pictures in the place
of their present promises to pay money,.and he
proposes to get over this difficulty by applying
a little gentle force. He would make them'a
legal tender for the payment of ail-debts, pub-
lic and private. With,this persuasive,element
.they would certainly be worth dollars to debt
40th Cong. 3d Sess .—No. 59.
ore, aad epeditpjs .^eing obliged to take them
or nothing they would get" into circulation.
But whether future,debts- would be contracted
upon as favorable terms, with the certainty of
being paid in pictures, is a question he does not
answer. Merchants of limited financial views
~. not over fond of pictures might ask higher
prices for their goods in,these ornaments than
in. the Government promises to pay .money,
eyen though the pro raises be tardy of fulfillment.
The ge.ntleman freely admits that if these
: pictures sho.uld become too c,ommon .they might
jeqome cheap, and he will prevent this by an
ingenious contrivance. The Government shall
issue bonds .obliging .it to pay pne hundred, five
hundred', or a thousand pictures, with interest
at six per cent, per annum, payable half-yearly
in the same commodity ; .and he thinks when-
ever his new currency shfill .become redundant
people -yill carry it to tbe'Tr.easury.and deposit
it in exchange for.the bonds. Of what earthly
use p. Government boij.d payable in pictures
would .be to m.e when I want no pictures, .hav-
ing by his hypothesis already too many, he 4o,es
#at explain.
' It is impossible to consider seriously a^
proposition' such as this. Thescherae of an*
irredeemable paper currency iss.ued by the
•Government is not $ new one. It has been
■repeatedly tried in Europe and in our own
.country, and in every instance the currency
,ias ultimately become worthless and has been
repudiated by the people. The French assig-
nats were this much better than the gentleman s
pictures, that they were exchangeable for the
public domain. But they did not become.so
exchanged. On the contrary, they circulated
among the people and depreciated, and sis they
depreciated the people demanded more; for
as their purchasing power decreased more be-
came necessary. Hence, they went on increas-
ing and depreciating until a. hungry man could
not carry enough to buy him his dinner.
It is the misfortune of the gentleman from
Massachusetts that he has lived two centuries
too late for the-full display of his financial
abilities. What an admirable adjunctbe would
have been to John Law 1 Under his manage-
ment the famous Mississippi bubble might have
been preserved some days beyond the time of
its bursting. Toward the close of the last
century the Royal Society of Loudon resolved
not to open or receive any paper which pro-
posed to square the circle or to invent perpetual
motion, and it is quite time that the civilized
;world should treat in the same way all schemes
for establishing a currency which has no value
in itself and which does .not promise to pay
value.
I assume that the country will at some time
and by some means return to specie payments.
A great nation like ours will not .consent to
remain always without a coin of acknowledged
value with which to measure its exports and
imports, and to effect its internal and external
exchanges, and I pass on, therefore, to another
question.
Shall we return to speeie_ payments at the
old standard of value? This is a new ques-
tion ; I fear it may become an important one,
Nobody as yet proposes to debase the coin-
certainly I do not—and yet so difficult is it to
appreciate a currency as much -as ours would
require after it has been used as a measuce of
value for a series of years, that it is not outside
the bounds of possibility, or even probability,
for-the best of several unfortunate alternatives
to be the cutting down of the dollar. "We have
been for half a dozen years using a currency
which has demonstrated itself by experiment to
be worth about seventy-four, cents to the nomi-
nal dollar, that being the pricie at which it has
substantially settled after several oscillations.
Prices have become adapted to this currency;
contracts have been made in it. Within the
past six years nearly all the old individual
indebtedness of the country has been paid off
in this currency and new«debts to the same or
a greater extent created in it; so that every
individual bond and note dated with"1 that
.period is a promise to pay a little less than
three fwirths .of. its nominal amount. hs
Hot deceive oiirseives. have de-
based the -dollar. IFe have only ;not coined,it
at its present value. , ,- £
The task of restoring the old standard i? not
an easy one. It is, in fact, adding .thirty-five
per cept, to the dollar of commence and, mak-
mg all past contracts conform to the, change-
It is, compelling every debtor ia the. United
States whose debt is less than six years oldjto
pay thirty-five per cent, more than he con tracted
to pay. The entire "wealth pi -the country is
estimated by Mr. Walker, in -the report.pf
.the Special' Commissioner .of |tiie Revenue, at
f20.000,obo,000. It Would be a
suppose one fourth of this "to be nw-d,e up of
individual liabilities -jn all their ,various forms.
Now, to increase these liabilities thirty-five per
.cent., would be t.o add to them more than
fl.^OOjOOO^O, .a sumamounting to two-thirds
,o.f the national debt. To levy so enormous a
tax upon debtors who can least afford to bear
it, in fayo.r of creditors who least need the gra-
tuity, is a thing not to be done except with
great caution and upon due deliberation.
It i^ true the creditor class was taxed during
the process of depreciation for the benefit of
the debtors, and at first view it might, seem that
reversing the order of things would wprk jus-
tice in the end by restoring t,o the creditor class
what it had lost. But the individuals belong-
ing to these two classes areconstantly-changing
place. Each class constantly-receives acces-
sions from' the other. By these changes# yery
great number of individuals would be found to
occupy the position of gainers by jjoth pro-
cesses, and as many that of losers by both.
The restoration of specie payments by the
appreciation of .the currency would permanently
injure only the debtors. Other persons would
be temporarily affected for good or evil. Busi-
ness would be deranged, employment would
become scarce to the laborer, and much suffer-
ing would ensue to the poorer portion of the
community. But this would soon remedy itself
and the evils would be in a great measure com-
pensated by an increased demand £V>r labor
upon the establishment of settled business pu
the gold basis. The loss of the debtor class,
on the other hand, would be without compen-
sation. The thirty-five per cent, added.to the
debts and paid in paying them would never|>e
returned. •
Cutting down the dollar to a little less than
three fourths of its present value would avoid
this enormous oppression upon debtors. Jt
would restore specie payments at once without
deranging business or affecting prices. _ Itmay
be asked, then, why not resort to this expe-
dient? Othernations, have done it, andthose,
too, who would raise the loudest cry10/n^"
proach at our following their example. _ The
answer is obvious. A nation that iu this en-
lightened,age, under the pressure of whatever
possible necessity, would debase its coin would
'forfeit the confidence of its citizens. They
would justly fear a repetition of the remedy,
and 110 man would feel safe in,entering into.any
contract involving thepaymentof money under
a Government that may at any moment change
the terms of his contract at its own w.ul and
pleasure. This Ioss-of confidence of the citi-
zen in his Government would in all its bearings
upon society more than .counterbalance the
.evils consequent upon the restorat^on of the old
.standard of value.
Beside this, this public 4^bt,would have , to
be paid in the old .dollar or its .equivalent.
Anything short of that would be repudiation
pro tanto, and would be so pronounced by the
civilized world. The repudiation of one fourth
of the debt .would be attended with all the
odium of the repudiation of the whole, and
would cost the Government more in ,s.ctual
money than' the whole amount saved by it.
The debt will fall due and will have to be paid
by borrowing-again. Future wars m.ay hee<«-
sitate further loans. The most powerful Gov-
ernment and its humblest citizen meet upgn
,equal terms in the money market. JJa^hjwty
makes half the bargain, and' the .WWjJoaugJP1
