1889.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1681
was complete, Mr. Mann was called away by
death, leaving of course, no one with whom Mr.
Jones could carry on the contest. Another
election was ordered for that district in the
autumn, to supply the place of .Mr. Mann. At
that election Mr. Hunt and Mr. Menard were
the competing candidates, Mr. Jones of course
taking no part in it, but claiming his seat under
the previous election. Those two gentlemen
are here, both of them claiming Mr. Mann's
seat, and of course both denying the right of
Mr. Jones to the seat: both of them being in
fact his opponent, while in opposition also to
each other.
The question we have now before us is
whether, at the election in April, Mr. Jones
was or was not elected ; and this question is so
simple that I think there will be no difficulty
in understanding it, and, I trust, as little diffi-
culty in deciding it. Mr. Mann, aslhavesaid,
received the certificate of General Buchanan
to the effect that the returns, as they came to
him, showed that Mr. Mann had the majority.
But there was a body of evidence showing thor-
oughly and completely a state of facts justifying
all that has been said by the gentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. Blackburn.] The testimony
of a gentleman named Leon was taken in this
city early in January by Mr. Jones, upon notice
to both Mr. Hunt and Mr. Menaid. They were
present and cross examined the witness. The
testimon}' was presented here, referred to the
Committee of Elections, and ordered to be
printed. No objection has been made to any
irregularities or informalities ; no technical
objection, so far as I am aware, has been inter-
posed by either Mr. Hunt or Mr. Menard. The
testimony is, then, with the assent of the par-
ties interested on each side, legitimately and
fairly before us, to be looked at without objec-
tion. Of course, where the parties interpose
no objection on either side, the. court will make
no objection. I will read a few passages from
the testimony of Mr. Leon. He says :
District of Columbia, Couafj of Washington, ss :
Personally appeared before me, the subscriber, one
of the justices of the pence in arid for the District and
county aforesaid, Frank Leon, and made oath ac-
cording to law to the following statement: that he
resides in New Orleans, Louisiana, in the second,
congressional district; was appoinred deputy snenii'
on the 16th day ot April, A, U. 18o8; gave uiders on
the 17th day ot April, 1S6S, at seven a. m.. to open
the polls; was appointed one oi the judges ot election
a few moments alter he gave the above-named older;
was in charge of the book of registration ot the legal
voteis. The election lasted two days, being April IT
and 18, 18(58. On the evening ot the 17th the boxes
were placed in the police station for sale-keeping; it
took ail night of the 18th and the whole day ot the
19th to counc the votes; did not sign the letums;
relu.-.ed to sign because persons entitled to vote were
rWused the privilege ; did hiiaselt refuse the votes ot
six men, who had been in the penitentiaiy at 13aton
Rouge, as they were brought by SamBola, a man >;ell
known ia the Democratic party; did visit the chief
register's office, Captain Scott's; saw the vote as
summed up by Captain Scott; also counted them;
whole number ot votes cast on the 17th and 18th of
April, 1808, was 12,olS. Jones received in the lirst
distuet ol New Orleans a liiajoiity of G-ii. Maiiu's
majoiilies weie—louith distiict, 510, and m the sec-
ond distiict was 3u, making a total of573.
Am prixmally acquainted with Colonel Mann.
Colonel Mann's family never resided in the State oi
Louisiana permanently.
Cross-examination:
Does not know how many polls theiewere in the
distiict, (second congressional;,) served at one only.
Alter the voting stopped the returns weie made;
witness refused to sign them The boxes, after the
votes were counted, were sealed up and sent to Cap-
tain Scott's office; cuunted the votes f->r the whole
congressional district at Captain Scott's office. Mili-
tary law required that after the boxes weie returned
to the chairman of registration they should carefully
count the votes. The counting was done hy Messrs.
Ciaik, Mader, and several others. Captain Scott
asked witness to count the votes: explained that alter
the votes had been counted and placed in iiguies on
paper the witness went ovei them so as to see if the
memorandum was correct. Alter the investigation
at Captain Scott's office the boxes were theu sent to
General Buchanan's headquarters, with his return
made out that Mr. Jones had received 71 majoiity.
v> itness by profession is a civil engineer; expects an
office: Mr. Jones has not promised anything; figures
on card shown were obtained in Washington: those
on the memorandum of witness Were obtained m Cap-
tain Scott's office. (The witness apparently did not
understand the Question about counting the votes at
Captain Scott's office.) On second question, did the
committee count the ballots at Captain Scott's? No ;
simply compiled the returns from tho several polls
40m Cong. 3d Sess.—l\To. I(K>.
and made up one general return to be forwarded to
General Buchanan.
_ F. LEON.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, the subscriber,
[l. s J on the day and date herein stated.
JOSEPH T. K. PLANT,/. P.
Januaryl'8, A. D. 1869.
Then he introduced a memorandum. My
time being limited to ten minutes compels me
to be as brief as possible in presenting the
facts in tins case. That memorandum, made
upon the spot recently after the transaction,
shows that the number oi votes cast was 12,318.
i will ask {lie Clerk to read it so that it may
be more fully brought to the attention of the
House, for 1 take it this House means to do
justice in this case.
The Clerk read as follows:
New Orleans, April 26,1808.
Whole number of votes cast 12,318.
First district, compiising the first, second, and third
wards. >S. Jones received 64-1 majority.
Fourth district, comprising the tenth and eleventh
wards, the tenth ward being in the second congres-
sional district, give to James Mann 540 majority.
% The second district, comprising the fourth, filth, and
sixthwnrds, the fourth ward being in the second con-
gressional district, give to James Mann 33 majority.
F. LEOH.
On this 11th day of Janunrv, A, D.1869, personally
appealed the above-named F. Leon, and made oath
on the Holy Evangcly ol Almighty God that the
above statement is true.
[l. s.3 JOS. T. K. PLANT. J. J\
Mr. MAYNARD. Now, it, will be seen that
these returns, made under these circumstances,
sworn to in the piesence of these parties, show
that at the time of taking the votes the majority
in favor of Mr. Jones was between 50 and 100
votes. None of us can be for a moment in
doubt in what way, by what spell, these returns
were inedicined so as to show a different result
from the time they left the polling places until
they reached the headquarleis of General
Buchanan.
At this point the Committee of Elections
say in their report:
"The ex parte and unauthorized testimony of Mr.
F. Leon, taken belore a justice ot (he peace in this
Distiict, January 11, 18t>9, since the death of Mr.
Mann, is the ou)y other evidence as to the votes cast
at this election iu this congressional district, and it
is insisted by theeounsei for the contestant that such
sworn statement of this witness is better evidence
than the return of Geneial Bin hanan, who, as con-
testant. claims 'had no jurisdiction over congres-
sional elections,' and that * tne sworn proof therc-
foie stands upon higher ground than the voluntary
statements ol General Buchanan about a matter not
within his jurisdiction.'"
In the first place, I beg to say that this tes-
timony is not ex parte. Mr. Hunt and Mr.
Menard claimed to be the representatives of
Mr. Mann, and the testimony was taken in
{heir presence and after cross-examination.
It is claimed it was unauthorized. No one
objects on that ground except the committee.
It is said it was taken before a justice of the
peace m this District. There was no objection
on that ground. It was taken under oath and
on notice to both parties. It is said that it
was taken since the death of Mr. Mann. That
was not our fault, although it was Mr. Mann's
misfortune to be called away by the hand of
death.
The naked question presented to us is this :
shall we give the highest credence to the cer-
tificate of General Buchanan certifying sim-
ply to what the returns show after they got
into his office and what he could know nothing
about, or the testimony under oath of one who
was one of the officers of the election and
swears to the memorandum he made on the
spot while the transaction was taking place?
For myself 1 have no hesitation in deciding
that the latter is entitled to the highest credi-
bility. 1 do not thereby seek to impugn Gen-
eral Buchanan, He may have acted honestly ;
1 am disposed to assume that he did. The
returns as they came into his office may have
shown exactly what he certifies they did show,
but the testimony taken here which was re-
ferred to by my friend from Louisiana [Mr.
Blackburn] shows a condition of things there
that would have very easily permitted a tampei-
ingwith those returns very essentially from the
time the votes were taken out of the ballot-
boxes until the returns reached headquarters.
I fully sympathize with all that has been
said of those men who have gone through fire
and blood during these contests in the south-
ern country. Th^se men are not fighting their
battles alone. It is less theirs than yours.
These men have stood with their lives in their
hands upon the outer works of reconstruction,
not always in safety, as appeared from the
case of the late Mr. Hinds, who was assassin-
ated in Arkansas.
Shall we turn aside upon the idea that it is
just at the close of the session j that this is but
a small matter, and we have no time to con-
sider these matters j that it might cost a little
trouble, and therefore we will throw it aside?
Mr. Speaker, we cannot afford to do injustice.
Mr. COBURN. Does the gentleman say
that Mr. Leon was cognizant of the entire re-
turns?
Mr. MAYNARD. That is his testimony.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. UPSON. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. COOK. I wish to say a word in reply
to the gentleman from Tennessee. The truth
is that in opposition to the returns of the com-
manding officer, which were required to be
made by law and which appear to be made in
pursuance of law, there is but the affidavit of
Mr. Leon, taken in the city of Washington after
the death of Mr. Mann, an ex parte affidavit
so far as it appears before the committee. But
the point I wish to make is this: Mr. Leon
discloses the fact that he could not have had
personal knowledge of the facts of which he
affirms. He says that the election lasted two
days, and that Mr. Mann's majority in the
fourth district was 540 and in the second dis-
trict 33, and that in the first district Mr. Jones's
majority was 044. But on cross-examination
he says he does not know how many polls there
were in the district. He served at one only.
He could not have had personal knowledge of
what the majorities were at the different polls
in the district, because among other things he
did not know how many polls there were in
the district. The manner in which he derives
his information as to the majorities given he
does not tell us. Clearly it could not have
been by an inspection of the poll-books or of
the returns-thereon, except in one district, of
which he was a judge. He could not have
known personally, by personal observation,
how many men voted in the other districts,
because he was engaged in the precinct of New
Orleans as judge and was not present at the
other polling places. He could not have
known by inspection of the poll-books because
they were not submitted to his inspection. It
is a general statement in reference to a matter
about which he could not possibly know the
facts. It would be strange indeed if testimony
under such circumstances were allowed to over-
ride the returns made in pursuance of law and
in accordance with the forms of law.
Mr. UPSON. I yield three minutes to the
gentleman from Louisiana.
Mr. NEWSHAM. I wish merely to make
a statement. The contestant in this case, Mr.
Jones, is unquestionably elected by a majority
of the^votes cast. That there was a fair elec-
tion held on the 17th and 18th of April in liiat
d istrict is very questionable. It is even denied.
The record which I hold in my hand proves a
majority for Mr. Jones of 71 votes. There
are, however, in this case three contestants,
Mr. Hunt, Mr. Menard, and Mr. Jones. A
contest for this seat was made by Mr. Jones t
prior to the time when Colonel Mann took his
seat, in this House. After that contest was
made a new division of the election districts
in the State of Louisiana was made by the
Legislature of that State, and from territory
entirely different frorri that represented by Col-
onel Mann now come Mr. Hunt and Mr. Me-
nard, claiming to represent a district which was
vacated by Mr. Mann, But they did not receive
