1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
931
depending upon credit perform tlie same func-
tions with eurreney.
These expedients are mucli more common
in some countries than in others, and much
more common in the same country at some
times than at others. In periods of universal
confidence they effect al most all the exchanges ;
in periods of universal distrust very few of
them. Hence the amount of oarrency per
capita needed will vary in different countries
.and at different tinjes inthe same country, and
this will be t'ue cass, even where the number
. and amount of exchanges remain the same.
I therefore repeat, nothing but the experiment
will show what amount of currency a given
community needs, and the experiment will
only show it for the time.
The fact that we use now $518,000,000 at
par is not, therefore, proof that we will con-
tinue to need that amount, nor that a reduc-
tion of greatly less than $182,000,000 would
not raise the remainder temporarily to par.
Any material reduction will cause that dis-
trust which creates an extraordinary demand
for currency. This was shown recently in
New York, where the temporary hoarding of
$20,000,000 was only prevented from causing
a serious fall of prices and geueral bank-
ruptcy by the fear that the Secretary ,of the
Treasury would issue more currency.
But we'are told that we have really too little
currency because the rates of interestare high.
This isunsoundreasoning. Men do not borrow
" currency, they borrow capital, which is a widely
different thing. It is true they sometimes make
' use of currency for the purpose of transferring
the borrowed capital to the borrower; but by
far the greater aggregate amount of loans is
made without the use of currency. Even where
currency is used for the transfer it is changed
into some other form of capital as speedily as
possible, because in the form of currency it is
unproductive. Currency is sometimes cheap,
as indicated by high prices, when capital is
' dear, as indicated by high rates of interest.
This is our case at present.
It is not difficult to discover one great cause
of the present high rates of interest. A very
large proportion of the capital of the country
is absorbed in the national debt. By tlie de-
preciatiort of the currency the rate of interest
realized upon this is about eight per cent, per
annum. The rate of interest upon loans to
individuals must be at least this high, for men
will not loan to their neighbors at six per cent,
when they can loan to the Government at eight.
Loans to individuals, too, are taxable in most
-ofthe States, while those to the Government
are not; and individual borrowers must pay
the taxes, either directly or indirectly. This,
with certain other causes, mostly temporary,
fully accounts for the high rates of interest.
While upon this point I cannot help remark-
ing that imposing a tax upon debts, always to
be paid by the debtors, is very like taxing men
upon their poverty. The more a man owes the
more he must pay for the support of his Gov-
ernment. As we cannot permit the States to
tax the Government debt the States themselves
should relieve individual debts from theburden.
The Government is too formidable a, competi-
tor in the money market to place its citizens
under still further disadvantages by taxing their
loaus-.
I will now proceed to examine some of the
various modes proposed for returning to the
coin standard of value. The Secretary of the
Treasury thinks we may reach the gold basis
in two or three years, and the Senator to whom
I have already alluded asks the passage of a
law fixing a day, say two years hence, for re-
suming specie payments. He proposes that
when that day arrives the Government shall at
once redeem its notes in coin at par, making
use of the interim to accumulate a sufficient
amount of gold to do this.
There are grave objections to this plan. In
the first place the time proposed is greatly too
short. To add thirty-five percent, to all debts
in the short space of two years would produce
such general bankruptcy as w-ould destroy half
the capital of the nation. A law proposing to
do this directly, and in so many- words, would
be a monstrosity in legislation. It would pro-
voke, I might rather say justify, resistance on
the part of debtors. Yet even the advocates
of this proposed law will admit that this would
be its natural and unavoidable effect.
Duriug the last six years of the suspension
of the Bank of England, which terminated in
1821, the average premium on gold was but
about three per cent. All the appreciation the
currency required was just that amount; yet
to overcome this small margin in six years
taxed the financial ability of the kingdom to
its utmost, and on more than one occasion
produced such financial calamity as made the
Government tremble for its existence. Now,
the problem how long it will require us to over-
come thirty-five percent., when it required six
years.for England to overcome three, is not
exactly one in compound proportion, because
there are important differences between the
two countries; but it is not too much to say
that the proposition to do it in two years is an
unparalleled absurdity.
Again, either the community would believe
the law would be carried into effect or it would
not. If the latter, the law would be wholly
ineffectual in preparing the way for its result,
and we would be just as near ready to resume
when the day arrives as now, and no more so.
On the other hand, if the community should
have confidence in the carrying out of the law,
the effect would be the immediate and violent
contraction of the currency. "What better
business could a man do than to convert his
capital into legal tenders and to lock them Dp
for the two years? We should have no trou-
ble in compelling the banks to keep up their
reserve. Our difficulty would be to keep it
down. At what rate of interest would a man
loan his capital if, by keeping it in United
States notes, he could realize seventeen per
cent, per aunum? If the prospect of a little
over six per cent, caused the compound-inter-
est notes to be hoarded, with how much more
certainty and celerity would the prospect of
seventeen per cent, drive the legal tenders into
the vaults of banks and bankers? Satisfy the
community that the Government will redeem
its notes at par in gold in two years, and the
effect would be substantially that of immediate
resumption.
To bring about specie payments by an ap-
preciation of the currency, the process must he
sufficiently slow to make it unprofitable to hoard
legal tenders and sufficiently gradual and cer-
tain to enable contracts to be made at all times
with reference to the changing measure of
value. Those who underrate the difficulty of
returning to the use of coin, and who propose
to do so in one, two, or three years, fail to
remember that in no single instance in the his-
tory of the civilized world, as far I have been
able to find, has a nation succeeded in raising its
Government currency to par after it iias oncc
becomc materially depreciated. The case of
England in 1821 is not an exception. Her
depreciated currency consisted of Bank of
England notes. Governments have frequently
compelled their banks to redeem at par a depre-
ciated circulation, but I repeat in no instance
have they so redeemed their own.
It would seem that the natural course of
depreciated Government currencies is down-
ward to nothingness and repudiation; depre-
ciation calling for further issues, and these pro-
ducing further depreciation, until the people
throw the whole mass aside as worthless, and
resort to coin. This has been exemplified
twice in France and once in our own country
within a century. Russia at one time stayed
the downward course of hers by compounding
it at a small fraction of its nominal value.
The same has been done by oilier European
nations, thus repudiating the great mass to
save a small remnant from the general wreck.
It may be asked why rfe is so difficult for a
nation of great lesources to pay its currency
, debt.. I have already given the answer- It is
because doing so increases the measure oi
value for all the citizens, so that those who
have purchased at one .standard have to pay
in a larger one. It decreases prices nominally
by measuring them in a larger measure, and
increases debts by compelling debtors to pay
in larger dollars.
Will our own currency follow this universal
downward course to repudiation? It would
afford me pleasure to answer this question con-
fidently in the negative, but witli the history
of all such currencies before me I dare not do
it. . With the repeated and persistent demand
from debtors ana speculators for further infla-
tion, for more money, and still more money,
I dare not do it. All that, is now needed to
render ultimate repudiation certain is for Con-
gress to yield to an apparent popular clamor
and to issue another hundred million.
It is proposed in certain quarters to suffer
the United States notes to remain at their pre-
sent volume until the growth of the country in
wealth and population shall be such as to re-
quire our present amount of circulation at par.
Those who advocate this plan greatly under-
estimate the time required for its operation.
To keep $700,000,000 of paper afloat and
always convertible will require $300,000,000
of coin, making $1,000,000,000. Thequestion,
therefore, is substantially this : at what period
in the future will we need double our present
amount of currency at the gold standard? It
will not do to answer when our wealth and
population have both doubled,because as wealth
and population increase, the contrivances .to
deal without currency increase in a far greater
ratio. The proportion of the exchanges made
without the use of currency is very much greater
in Massachusetts than in Oregon. Not only
here, but throughout the civilized world, these
contrivances to cffcct exchanges without the
use of money are increasing with great rapidity,
so that it would not be safe to say that the child
is now born who will live to see this country
need $1,000,000,000 of currency at the gold
standard.
We cannot continue even thirty years cut
off from the rest of the world by an unmeas-
ured and unmeasurable currency. If we at-
tempt it, if we persist in refusing to pay our
notes, natural causes will force us to the use
of coin through the usual process of inflation
and repudiation. Itis easy to understand this.
A currency limited to a single country is sub-
ject to all the perturbations of the currency
of the world, and having no outward demand
or supply to relieve it, the full force of its per-
turbations is expended in inflating and depress-
ing prices. It acts like a storm pent up in a
ravine. Every period of depression brings its
demand upon the Government for more money,
and every returning period increases the vio-
lence of the demaud. No Government in like
circumstances ever yet withstood this demand
long, and it is very safe to say ours would not.
The close of the war afforded us a convenient
stopping-place in inflation. Oncc abandon that
and we are upon a road that has no turning and
but one possible ending.
The proposition to legalize coin contract? is
a good one if it can be sufficiently guarded
against being used as an engine of oppression.
Great cave must be taken in the framing ot a
law to that end, to prevent grasping creditors
from forcing their currency bonds and notes to
be renewed by gold ones. I am not sure this
can be done, and my vote for or against the
measure would depend upon my conviction that
this evil is or is not avoided. It is not, how-
ever, to be supposed that this would be even a
step toward specie payments. By a natural
law the cheapest currency will always be the „
one used by the community. It is not. there- •
fore, at all probable that the use of com would
he materially increased by legalizing gold con-
tr<If I am wrong in this conclusion, if deal-
ings in gold would be materially increased,
then the demand for notes would be thereby
lessened, and the price would still further de-
preciate unless some means could be devised
to lessen the volume of currency as the
