1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1683
the War Department is, so far as this district
is concerned, false ; and this is attempted to
be established by the testimony of a single
witness found here after the case had closed.
I do not desire to occupy longer the atten-
tion of the House. We are now establishing
a rule, not simply for this case, but for others
to come hereafter. The Committee of Elec-
tions did not feel at liberty to allow themselves
to be governed by their sympathy for this man,
for they apprehend that the rule that may be
laid down here is the rule by which at some
time or other we ourselves are to be tried.
The desire of the committee, and they were
unanimous in this desire, was to lay down a
rule upon which they would be willing to be
tried themselves. If the House should adopt
the rule which my earnest and patriotic friend
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] is so anxious
to have established, then let him take care of
himself when a hundred men can at any time
be brought from Tennessee to swear against
the legality of the official return under which
lie holds his seat.
Mr. MAYNARD. As I do not propose to
reply to the gentleman he will allow me to say
just here that there is no conflict whatever be-
tween the testimony of this man Leon and the
return of General Buchanan. General Bu-
chanan simply certifies to the state of the return
in his office. That we do not controvert; we
admit thatsuch returns were found in his office.
But we contend that between the time the
returns left the place where the votes were
counted and the time they reached General
Buchanan's office they were tampered with and
changed.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, my friend from
Tennessee did not hear the whole case as pre-
sented before the committee. If lie had done
so I have not the slightest doubt that he would
have joined in our report. But he is not able
to see the facts as the nine members of the
Committee of Elections saw them. The very
statement which he has just made shows that
he does not understand this case. The witness
testifies that he saw these figures counted up
and took a memorandum of them, and that they
are not now in the certificate as they were then.
That is the story of this man who, by some un-
accountable accident, appears in this city just
after the case is closed. Who he is? What in-
duced him to flee from Louisiana and alight
down here just at that particular time, no one
knows. No member of the committee, nobody
but the magistrate who took the affidavit, and
my respected friend, the contestant here, can
testify anything about him.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to ask whether
the committee had anything before them ex-
cept what appears in the printed documents?
The gentleman intimates that I do not under-
' stand the facts in this case; and I therefore
desire to know whether all the facts appear in the
record; for that I have examined very carefully.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I leave the ques-
tion to the House. Let it establish in this case
such a precedent as it may deem wise.
Mr. UPSON". In relation to this case, so
far as this affidavit is concerned, I will simply
say that in the case of Blair against Barrett
affidavits taken under similar circumstances
were rejected by the House and by the Com-
mittee of Elections acting in strict accordance
with the precedents and the law of evidence.
The committee have so treated this affidavit
in this case; but even if it were admitted in
evidence for what it is worth it is too indefi-
nite, too vague, merely parole, and not suffi-
cient to overthrow the official certificate of the
commanding general to whom the legal returns
were made and who has certified them to the
House.
Mr. ROSS. Who has the certificate in this
case? Who holds the regular certificate ?
Mr. UPSON. That is the other case. There
seems to be a great deal of misconception on
this matter. The man who held the regular
certificate is deceased.
Mr. ROSS. Who holds the certificate to
fill the vacancy?
Mr. UPSON. That question is not now up.
This is the case of Jones vs. Mann under the
first election. When the case comes up under
the resolution of the committee in the second
case the gentleman will be answered. As it
is a great deal of confusion has occurred by
gentlemen commingling the two cases. My
friend from the third congressional district
of Louisiana [Mr. Newsham] in his remarks
labored under the same mistake, that this was
the case of Hunt vs. Menard, and not Jones to.
Mann.
Mr. ROSS. I ask the gentleman from
Michigan why Mr. Menard, who has received
the regular certificate, has not been allowed to
take his seat ?
Mr. UPSON. Becausethegentleman'spolit-
ical friends filed a protest and by order of the
House the matter was referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections. But I will pass over all these
proceedings for the present.
Mr. ROSS. Has his political friends so con-
trolled this matter that this man holding the
regular certificate has been kept outofhis seat?
Mr. UPSON. His party do not wish to be
guilty of any inconsistency or to do wrong for
any partisan purpose.
Mr. ROSS. I understand that Mr. Menard,
a colored man, holds the regular certificate,
and that the othersidewho belong to his party
are keeping him out of his seat. Do they say
that he shall not have his rights like any other
citizen because of his race or color ? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. STOVER. I rise to a question of order,
that this is not germane to the issue before the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the case of Mr. Menard is involved in
this controversy, either directly or indirectly.
Mr. UPSON. When I call up the report of
the Committee of Elections in that case, which
I shall do as soon as the pending one is dis-
posed of, the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Ross] will have an opportunity, which beseems
to desire, to cast his vote with the rest of his
Democratic friends for Mr. Menard. [Laugh-
ter. ]
Mr. ROSS. What I object to is that he shall
be "snubbed " in this way by his Republican
friends. Is it because of his race or color?
Mr. UPSON. You and your friends who
voted against the constitutional amendment
will have an opportunity to vote to give Mr.
Menard a seat upon this floor.
The resolution of the Committee of Elec-
tions was:
Resolved, That Simon Jones, not having received
a majority of the votes enst for Representative in
this House from the second congressional district of
Louisiana, is not entitled to a seat therein as such
Representative.
The question first recurred on Mr. Black-
burn's amendment, in the iiature of a substi-
tute, as follows :
Resolved, That Simon Jones is entitled toaseat on
this floor as a member of the Fortieth Congress from
the second congressional district of the State of Lou-
isiana, and that he be now sworn in.
Mr. MAYNARD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was rejected.
The resolution of the committee was adopted.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
franklin oliver.
Mr. ECKLEY. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on the Public
Lands House bill No. 1595, to perfect the title
of Franklin Oliver, a soldier of the war of
1812, to certain lands which he claims to have
covered by military warrants.
Mr. COOK. I object.
louisiana contested-election case.
Mr. UPSON. I now call up the case of
Menard and Hunt.
The Clerk read the resolution of the Com-
mittee of Elections, as follows:
Resolved, That neither j. Willis Menard nor Caleb
S. Hunt is entitled to a seat in this House as a Rep-
resentative from the second congressional district of
Louisiana, to till the vacancy caused by the death
of James Mann.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of
order. This is the first moment it could be
made. Inasmuch as one of the contestants
for the seat from the second congressional dis-
trict is present here, as I understand, with a
certificate of election and a commission, he is
entitled as matter of right to come to the bar
and to be sworn in and take his seat until the
House shall upon examination decide other-
wise.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. It is in the discretion of the
House and not of the Speaker. If there is
no objection the Speaker always swears in a
member claiming a seat. If there is it is to
be submitted to the House. If there is not
unanimous consent of course no person can be
sworn in.
Mr. MAYNARD. I make that motion.
Mr. CHANLER. Which contestant does
the member refer to?
Mr. MAYNARD. Whichever has the cer-
tificate of election.
The SPEAKER. The motion is that J.
Willis Menard shall now be sworn in as a Rep-
resentative from the second district of Louisi-
ana. Is there objection ?
Mr. WOOD and Mr. KERR objected.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will move to suspend
the rules for that purpose.
Mr. UPSON. I do not yield for that.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, cannot the gen-
tleman make that motion?
The SPEAKER. Not without the consent
of the gentleman from Michigan, who has the
floor.
Mr. CHANLER. I raise a point of order, in
view of having the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Mayxard] exhaust this case t.o the satis-
faction of the country if he wishes to do it.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to inquire of
my colleague on the committee [Mr. Chanler]
what objection he has to hearing the claimant
on his own right to a seat ?
Mr. CHANLER. I have no objection.
Please to wait a moment until I present my
point of order.
Mr. UPSON. If the gentleman will waive
his point for a moment I will state to the House
that the contestants in this ease inform me that
they only desire fifteen minutes each to be
heard on their respective claims before the
House. " I therefore move that they be allowed
to address the House for that space of time
under the rules of the House.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. CHANLER. The point of order I wish
now to make 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order, not argue it.
Mr. CHANLER. I am going to state it. The
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] has
a right to exhaust his point of order by moving
to suspend the rules for the purpose of having
the gentleman named in his motion sworn in.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, on the ground that no member
can be taken from the floor by a motion to sus-
pend the rules even for the highest question of
privilege. The gentleman from Michigan is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. CHANLER. He certainly can yield for
that purpose.
The SPEAKER. Certainly, if he desires to.
Mr. UPSON. I do not yield.
Mr. CHANLER. a colored man comes here
and the gentleman debars him from taking his
seat.
Mr. UPSON. I have no objection to that
if the gentleman will vote in favor of giving
him his seat. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANLER. I am entirely against hfm ;
but I am striving to aid the Republican ,{>arty
in doing justice to a black man.
