1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1685
be admitted themomentitappearsto the House
that, there is a vacancy.
The SPEAKER. That is a. question for the
House to determine. The House is now en-
gaged in considering the question which of
these claimants is entitled to the seat. If the
case had not been investigated the House
might, upon the prima facie case presented
by the certificate, decide to swear in a person;
ct it, could so decide now if it saw fit.
Mr. MAVNARD. Then I make that motion.
The SPEAKER. ri he gentleman cannot
make the motion unless the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Upsox] yields for the purpose.
Mr. CHANLER. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Michigan to allow the motion to be
made.
Mr. UPSON. I do notyield for that motion.
This matter has been referred to the commit-
tee ; they have reported upon it; and I want
the House to determine the question upon that
report. And I would say that this case follows
the precedent established in previous cases—
in the cases of the members from Kentucky as
well as the case of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Butier.] Wherever a protest
has been presented to the House before the
admission of the person presenting himself as
a member, and a prima facie case lias been
made against him, the House has uniformly
referred the ease to a committee, and has always
acted upon the report of the committee. I
know ot 110 reason why we should in this case
deviate from the customary course. And let
me say that some of the gentlemen who are
appaiently so anxious to piecipitate a decision
by a departure from the ordinary proceeding,
will, when we come to a vote upon the record;
be found on the other side.
Mr. CHANLER. One word right, here 
Mr. UPSON. I do not yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr. CIIANLER. I only wish to say 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Upson] declines to yieid, and is enti-
tled to be protected against interruption.
Mr. CHANLER. Of course, protection is
always extended oil that side.
The SPEAKER. The remark of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Chasler] is not
just to the Chair; for the Chair has protected
him from interruption when he has declined to
yieid.
Mr. CHANLER. 'When questions of vera-
city have been raised here I have appealed
from the decision of the Chair when that side
has been protected and this side punished.
The SPEAKER. The remarks of the gen-
tleman from New York are not respectful to
the Chair; nor are they true.
Mr. CHANLER. Very well; let it be decided
by the record.
Mr. UPSON. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Ward.]
\ KKUUS OF GEOKGE WASHINGTON.
Mr. WARD. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution :
Whereas there appears in the Evening Express,
a paper published in this city, undtr date ot Febru-
ary 26,1369. the following:
" The Articles Taken fromthe Arlington Ilouve.—Gen-
eral Robert E. Lee madeapplication a, few days ago,
through a gentleman residing in this eiiy, to the Sec-
retary of the Interior for a number of articles once
the pi operty of George Washington, which were taken
from the Arlington House, General Lee's est ate before
the war, when thai placc tell into the po^sc^sion of
the Federal Army. The ai tick's were pieces of hoiiM;-
hohl iurnituio, clothing, dishes and papeis which
fuimerly belonged to Gencial Washington. Secre-
tary Browniny has decided to grant toe request, and
an order has been given to turn the articles over to
the person deputed by General Lee to receive them."
Hex'duecl, That tho CommitteeonPublieBuihhngs
and Grounds be directed to inquire into the subject,
and ascertain whether the matter so published is
true, anu if true to ascertain by what right the See-
letary of the interior surrenders those aiticles so
cherished as once the propeity of the Father of his
Countiy to the rebel general-in-chief; and that said
committee report fully upon the suhjectby bill or
otheiwtse: and that they hare power in pursuing
said investigation to send for persons and papers,
and leave to report at any time.
Mr. BROOKS. I object, and call for the
regular order.
CONTESTED ELECTION LOUISIANA.
Mr. UPSON. Mr. Speaker, the questions
involved in this contest are peculiar. The-case
is one that is without a precedent in the records
of Congress. I ask the attention of members
that they may understand the grounds of the
action of the committee. The report of the
majority, if properly understood, will, I think,
commend itself to the candid judgment of the
House.
This case was presented early in this session
by the presentation of t1 e credentials of Mr.
Menard, and also of a protest from Mr. Hunt,
with a certificate from the Governor and sec-
retary of State of the votes east in that district.
The credentials and the protest, together with
an opinion of Mr. Randell Hunt on the legal
questions involved, and a statement of the facts
in regai'd to the organization of the new district,
will be found in the report on pages 6 to 9.
For reasons best known to himself the Gov-
ernor gave the certificate to Mr. Menard, al-
though it appears from the certified statement
which accompanies it that the whole number of
votes cast at said election to fill such vacancy
in said district was 27,019, of which votes so
returned to the secretary of State, 19,078 were
rejected by the committee of canvassers and
the returns thrown out, being a large majority
of the entire vote of the district as returned,
and the certificate was given to Mr. Menard on
the vote of but three of the seven parishes of
the district, and casting in the aggregate only a
vote of 7,941. The vote of the single parish
of Orleans, one of those rejected, was 11.628,
being nearly four ninths of the entire vote of
the district, and 3,687 votes more than the entire
vote on which the certificate was given to Mr.
Menard. The reason given in the certified state-
ment for the rejection of the vote of the parish
of Orleans, namely, '"that the returns were
made by the boards of supervisors of registra-
tion," shows that in this respect the returns were
made as required by law, and that the objec-
tion is invalid. Bv the provisions of section
twenty-five, of act No. 164. laws of Louisiana,
1868, pige 223, it is expressly made the duty
of said supervisors of registration in each
parish to make out and forward said returns to
the secretary of State.
I will ask the Clerk to read that provision
of the law of Louisiana.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Sec 25. That it shall be the duty of said super-
visors of registration in each parish to make out ti ip-
licate returns, to forward one of them immediately
by mail to the secretary of State, and another to
the secretary of Slate bv the next most speedy mode
of conveyance, and to d'-positthe third in the office
of the elerk of the di'ti ict court, and in the city of
New Orleans in the oflice of the clerk of the first di -
11ict court; and lor their willful failure or neglect
herein.such supervisoisshall, upon conviction he me
any court of competentjurisu :etion. be fined in a sum
not exceeding $500, at the discretion of the court."
Mr. UPSON. Notwithstanding this plainly
expressed provision of the statute the Governor
has w holly ignored it, and has rejected these
returns because they were made by the very
officers whom the law said should make them.
Tt is unnecessary to notice further the objec-
tions stated to the returns trom the other par-
ishes rejected, (although those urged against
Jefferson and Tenebouue would seem to be
frivolous.) since, if any valid election was held
there, the parish of Orleans being properly
returned, should be counted, which would give
Mr. Hunt, a majority over Mr. Menard so great
that it would not be overcome by the vote of
ail or any of the other parishes if they were
counted, and in no event can Mr. Menard be
shown by the returns to have received a ma-
jority vote in the district.
The most favorable construction of the evi-
dence for the contestant that could be given
would not identify and count up additional
votes enough in his favor to equal one half of
the majority returned for Mr. Mann, much less
to g'ne him the majority, even if all the votes
assumed by witnesses to have been changed in
the ballot-boxes or fraudulently put in were
charged to the Democratic vote, deducted from
Mr. Matin's majority, aud counted forthe con-
testant. The only remedy for or correction
of the evils complained of under the state of
the case as presented, would be to set aside
the returns, declare a vacancy, and ordw a
new election, as it is impossible from the evi-
dence to purge the poll ; but this the contest-
ant does not desire or insist should be done,
nor do the committee consider the evidence
sufficient to justify such a course.
So far as tbe returns and the evidence show,
therefore, the contestant has not received a
majority of the votes cast in said district for
Representative in Congress, but that majority
was given to Mr. Mann.
It is objected by Mr. Hunt that the district
from which Mr. Menard claims to have been
elected is a different district in its territorial
limits to that one which Mr. Mann was elected
to represent, and that the vote on which Mr.
Menard claims to have been elected is entirely
from parishes which were never in the distriet
represented by Mr. Mann, and which have been
incorporated into the second district as now
known by an act of the Legislature of Louis-
iana passed since Mr. Mann took his seat in
this House, which statement as to the territo-
rial organization and vote of thedistrictas now
known appears to be correct.
The second congressional district of Louis-
iana, as it existed at the time that Mr. Mann
was elected therefrom and took his seat-in this
House, was created by act No. 54 (Laws Lou-
isiana, 1864-65, p. 144,) approved April 4,
1865, dividing the State into five congressional
districts, and comprised "that portion of the
fourth representative district of the parish of
Orleans which is included between St. Louis,
Rampart, and Canal streets and the Mississippi
river, third, second, and first representative
pistricts of the parish of Orleans, and that
dortion of the tenth representative district of
the parish of Orleans which is known by ex-
isting statutes as the tenth ward of the city of
New Orleans."
By a subsequent act of the Legislature of
Louisiana, approved August 22, 1858, making
a new division of the State into five congres-
sional districts, the second congressional dis-
trict was changed so as to comprise " all that
portion of the parish of Orleans on the left
bank of the Mississippi river above and west of
Canal street, in the city of New Orleans, com-
prising the first, second, third, and tenth repre-
sentative districts of the parish of Orleans
and the parishes of Jefferson, St. Charles, St.
John the Baptist, St. James, Lafourche, and
Terrebonne," and this election to fill the va-
cancy in the original second district caused
by the death of Mr. Mann was held in the lim-
its last above prescribed for the second district
by said act of August 22, 1868, and not in the
limits prescribed by the act of April 4, 1866:
and both Mr. Menard and Mr. Mann claim
to have been chosen by the electors of and
to represent said new district so created by
act of August 22, 1868. It will be seen that
this new second district created by the act of
18b8 not only does not embrace all of the same
portion of the parish of Orleans as the one cre-
ated by act of 1865, but also includes the par-
ishes of Jefferson, St. Charles, St. James,
Lafourche, and Terrebonne, none of which
were in the district represented by Mr. Mann,
but were all included in the third congres-
sional district, and are now represented in this
House by the member from said distriet, (.Mr.
Newsham,] whom they participated" in elect-
ing. That portion of the fourth representative
district of the parish of Orleans which was
included in the second congressional district
of Mr. Mann by tbe act of 1865 has by the act
i! of 1868 been cut off from it, and the portion
of the tenth representative district of said par-
ish of Orleans not before included in the old
congressional district, and known as the elev-
enth ward of the city, has also been added to
the new second district, and was by the act of
1865 a part of the third congressional district.
The largest portion of this new second con"
gressional district, as created by the act of the
Legislature of Louisiana of August 22, 1868,
