931
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
February 6,
be worthy of an'feritei'prise so "eminently patri-
otic and humane and- be suitably expressed in
the grateful respect, for the memory of the
nation's fallen soldiers and seamen. I move
the reference of this petition to the Committee
on Appropriations.
The motion, was agreed to..
Mr. CONKLING. I present, also, a pre-
ambleand resolution of the Chamber of Com-
merce of the State of New York, referring to
a. proposition now, pending in ,Congress to
f"uhioj;jfe'the" construction of a bridge over the
ist rivet,, reciting that they have queries and
doubts on. thft subject; that they, appointed a
committee to investigate its merits and partic-
ulars, and th.ey.ask that, action here be sus-
pended until they can act upon the report of
that committee and make such communication
as they deem fit to Congress. I move the ref-
erence of this paper to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART presented the memorial of
Mrs. Jane Vertner, of Mississippi, prayingcom-
pensation for stores and supplies taken by the
United States military authority for the Army
in: 1863 ;' which was referredto the Committee
on Claims. • , ;
-. Mr. EESSENDEN. I present two memo-
rials, of the citizens of Washington, "remonstrat-
ing against the passage o f the bill to incorporate
the Washington Market Company, and also an
act passed by the city council of the city of
Washington in favor of the same. As that
bill has been reported from the committee, I
move that they lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Henry
M. Trueheart, praying the removal of his polit-
ical disabilities ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Albert G.
Pendleton, of Giles county, Virginia, praying
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of D. B.
Lewis, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Massachusetts, praying that the right of suf-
frage be granted to women in the District of
Columbia and in the Territories; which was
ordered-to lie on the table.
Mr. MORGAN presented the resolution of
the Chamber of Commerce of theState of New
York, in reference to the suspension bridge
across the Bast river; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a resolution of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of the Stale of New York, in
favor of the passage of the bill to prevent the
secret sale of Government bonds and gold;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.'
He also presented a memorial of members
ofthe National Academy of Design, and other
artists, praying'that the laws in respect to copy-
right may be so amended as to include paint-
iugs, drawings, statuary, and models; which
Was referred to the Committee on the Library.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
New York city, praying such an amendment
to the Constitution of tlie United States as will
fully acknowledge the obligations of the Chris-
tian religion; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. OSBORN presented a memorial of citi-
zens of St. Augustine, Florida, praying that
certain United States lands being in the cor-
porate limits of-that city be placed upon the
market;_ which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. VAN WINKLE presented a resolution
of the Legislature of West Virginia in favor of a
grant of lands to aid in the construction of the
West Virginia railway ; which'was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Ohio, praying such an amendment to
the Constitution of the' United States as v«TI
fully acknowledge the obligations ofthe Chris-
tian religion; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on'the'Jhdiciary.
Mr. WILLEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of West Virginia, praying such an amend-
ment to the'Constitution of the United States
as will -fully acknowledge the obligations of
the Christian religion ; which was referred to
the Committee on the'Judiciary.
' TERMS OF COOftT IN ARKANSAS.-
' Mr. RICE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate-to take up-Senate bill No. 765
for consideration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us get through with
the morning business.
Mr. RrCE. Let me take this up first.
■ Mr. EDMUNDS. You can take it up after-
ward.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill at this
time. It will be read by its title for informa-
tion.
The Chief Clerk. "A bill (S. No. 765) to
give an additional term to the United States
circuit court for the eastern district of Arkan-
sas."
Mr. RICE., This will not take a minute.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It pt-ovMes that instead of one
term a year, as now prescribed by law, the cir-
cuit court of tbe'United States for the eastern
district of Arkansas shall hereafter be held on
the second Mondays of April and October in
each year; and all actions, suits, recognizances,
processes, writs, and proceedings whatever in
the court made returnable to the April term,
1869, are to be returnable to and have day
therein, and be heard, tried, proceeded with,
and decided at the ensuing October term of the
court.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill, with an amendment, to strike out all
ofthe first section after the word "years," in
the sixth line, in the following words:
And that all actions, suits, recognizances, pro-
cesses, writs, and proceedings whatever in said court
rando returnable to tlie April term thereot, A. L).
1869, shall be returnable to and have day therein, and
heard, tricrU proceeded with, and decided at the
ensuing October term of said court.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
ORLANDO BROWN.
Mr. ABBOTT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up Senate bill No.
830, for the relief of Orlando Brown. It will
take but a moment. It is merely legalizing an
order of General Butler, so as to relieve a
quartermaster.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina asks the unanimous
consent of the Senate to consider the bill at
this time.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us hear the bill read
first for information.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows:
That thoproper accounting officers of the Treasury
be, and they are hereby, authorized and directed, in
the examination and settlement of the proper'y and
money accounts of Orlando Brown, late captain and
assistant quartermaster United States Array, to credit
and allow him all expenditures of money and prop-
erty made by him in good faith under the orders, or
in conformity with orders, of his superior officers;
and especially all expenditures of quartermasters'
property mado by him for tho benefit of freed men,
undertho orders of M;tj or General Benjamin F. But-
ler, in like raanncrasif thesame had been regularly
expended in the quartermaster's department.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does anjf
Senator object to the present consideration of
the bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to it on account
of that first clause:
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it goes over under the rule.
BLE'Cfl'VE FRANCHISE! IN GEORGETOWN.
.Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to, whoni was referred the
bill (S. No. 872) in relation to tlie elective
franchise in the city of Georgetown, have in-
structed me to report it back' without amend-
ment and to recommend its.passage ; and I
would be glad if the Senate would act cn it
now. The officers in that city are engaged
to-day in making out a registry, and this bill is
simply to apply the same law to Georgetown
that is now in force in this city.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator asks for the present consideration of the
bill mentioned by him. Does any Senator
object? - ... . : •
. Mr. CONKLING. What is the bill ?
The PRESlDENTpro tempore, It will be
read for information.
The Chief Clerk read the bill at length.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is. there
any objection- to- taking up the bill for con-
sideration? '
- Mr. EDMUNDS. I am sorry to object, but
I think it ought to go over until to-morrow. I
wish to look at it. '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it goes over under the rule.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 hope the Seuator will let
it pass now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I cannot for this reason:
I wish to offer a concurrent resolution which
ipust be acted upon now .if it is acted upon at,
all. If the Senator will, hear it read he will
be.satisfied of that. , ,
ELECTORAL VOTE OF GftOKGIA.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask leave to offer a
concurrent resolution on a matter which is
substantially a question of privilege, which
must be determined before next Wednesday
in order to avoid complications. I ask that
it may be read for information'; and I also ask
for its present consideration.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
Whereas the question whether tho State of Geor-
gia has become, and is, entitled to representation in
the two Houses of Congress is now pending and un-
deteimined; and whereas by the joint resolution of
Congress, passed July 20,186S, entitled "A resolution
excluding from the .Electoral College votes of States
lately in rebellion, which shall not have been reor-
ganized," it was provided tbat.no eleotoral votes fi om
any of theStates lately in rebellion should bo received
or counted for President or'-Vice President ofthe
"United States until, among ;$ther things, such,State
should have be.como entitled to representation in
Congress pursuant to acts of Congress in that behalf:
Therefore,
liesolved by the Senate, (tho Houso of Represent-
atives concurring.) That on tho assembling of the
two Houses on the second Wednesday of February,
1869, for tlie counting of the' electoral votes fur Presi-
dent and Vice President as provided by law and the
joint rules, if the counting or omitting to count the
electoral votes, if any, which may be presented as
of tho State of Georgia, shall not essentially change
the result, in that ease they shall be reported by the
President of the Senate in the following manner:
" W ere the votespresen ted as of the State of Georgia
to be counted, the resultwould be for for Presi-
dent of the United States votes: if not eounted,
for for President of the United States vot.es;
but in either case is elected President of the U ni-
ted Statesand in the same manner for Vice Presi-
dent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask tba present con-
sideration of that resolution because the Sen-
ate will see it is a matter of importance. It
will obviate a difficulty which will otherwise
certainly arise on Wednesday next. If the
Senate shall consent to consider it at this time
I will, in a word, explain that it is in accordance
with the previous action of the two Houses in
an analogous case.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the resolution for consid-
eration at this time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being'made, it goes over under the rule.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that the resolu-
tion had better be printed, that we may see
what it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The-order
to print will be entered.
