THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.-
Februar^i 2t|
ami comprising a majority of tie voters of said
district, is made ap of a part of one of the
other, old districts of the State now having a
Representative in this House, to wit, the third
congressional district, as created by the act of
1805.. and the singular spectacle is presented
of a vacancy in the second congressional dis-
trict, claimed to have been filled by the voters
of the third district, who already have a Repre-
sentative chosen by them sitting in this House.
The new second district of Louisiana there-
fore, as constituted by the act of the 22d of
August, 1868, might with more propriety have
been termed the third district, because the
greater portion of it is made up of the original
third district, and the whole vote given to Mr.
Menard comes from parishes embraced in the
third district, now represented here. The point,
therefore, was distinctly raised, and I call the
attention of my colleague on the committee to
the fact, that we find a statement laid on our
desks on the part of Mr. Hunt claiming that
the committee went outside of the record to
find reasons for rejecting his claim, whereas
in fact he himself placed on record, in the very
first papers he filed, a protest against Mr. Me-
nard's election on the ground that he was
chosen from a district that did not compose a
part of the second district. That will be found
in this very protest, as I will now read :
" 1. Mr. Menard and I were candidates for election
to fill the unexpired t.erm or vacancy caused by the
death of said James Mann.
"2. But after bis election as Representative to the
Fortieth Congress, and before the election to fill the
vacancy occasioned by his death, the Legislature of
Louisiana reapportioned the State for congressional
purposes, changing the districts in very material
respects.
"3. And in what was Mann's district, that is, the
second district, Mr. Menard received only 93 votes
and I received 11,535 votes; but all tho votes of this
precinct or parish were rejected by the committee
Of canvassers on purely technical grounds ot inform-
ality in their returns, in most manifest violation
both ot law and justice, so that the certificate was
awarded Mr. Menard by tho Governor upon a state
of facts showing that Mr. Menard did not reeeivc a
single vote in Mr. Mann's late district.'"
That was the very objection raised by Mr.
Hunt and upon which the committee were
called upon to decide, and accordingly they
acted upon it, as it was proper they should
even had their attention not been called to the
matter, because it was patent on the face of
the papers.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman yield
for a question?
Mr. UPSON. Certainly.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have some difficulty in
hearing the argument, and I do not know that
I entirely understand the point of the case. I
understand that Mr. Mann was admitted to a
seat as having a -prima facie right to it, and
that his seat was contested by Mr. Junes, but
in the mean time Mr. Mann died; that upon
che death of Mr. Mann, Mr. Hunt and Mr.
Menard became candidates to fill the vacancy ;
that Mr. Jones has to-day been decided not to
have had good grounds for contesting the seat
of Mr. Mann, and therefore the seat has been
refused to him by the House. That, I under-
stand, is the decision of the House—that the
death of Mr. Mann, who was entitled to a seat,
created a vacancy.
Mr. UPSON. Certainly.
Mr. SCHENCK. Now, is one of these con-
testants in possession of the evidence of a
prima facie right to the seat; and if so, is it
Mr. Menard? Has the House decided that
there is a vacancy; and if so, did the commit-
tee find one of these contestants entitled by
the production of the -certificate of the Gov-
ernor, or otherwise, to a prima facie right to
the seat?
Mr. UPSON. That question was not re-
ferred to the committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman tell
me whether I am right?
Mr. UPSON. I will answer the gentleman.
This case was presented, as I stated in my
opening remarks, in the early partof'thepresent
session on the certificate of theGovernor, given
to Mr. Menard on the protest of Mr. Hunt,
accompanied by a certified statement of the vote
of the district protesting against Mr. Menard's
being sworn in and.claiming the right to the
certificate himself. That protest and the certi-
fied statement with the certificate of the Gov-
ernor to Mr. Menard were presented -by the
Speaker to the House, were referred to the
Committee of Elections to determine who was
entitled to the seat, and on that reference the
committee have acted and made their report.
But I was proceeding to remark in relation
to the redistricting of the State. Objection was
taken, as we have seen, by Mr. Hunt, and we
find that the statement which he made was
correct as a matter of fact; that this district
had been newly created, and that the major
part of the new district was made out of the old
third district of Louisiana, although it is called
the second district. The vacancy occurred in
the second district, which Mr. Mann was elected
to represent, and consisted only of a portion of
the parish of Orleans. The whole ot the return
for Mr. Menard is based upon the vote of
parishes which are included in the third con-
gressional district, which is represented here
by Hon. Mr. Newsham.
The attention of the committee was called
to the case of Perkins vs. Morrison, with which
I presume the gentleman from Ohio is familiar,
for if I mistake not he participated in the dis-
cussion of the legal questions presented in
that case. It was a case from New Hamp-
shire in which two claimants claimed the seat,
one claiming to have been elected from what
had formed the old district, and the other
claiming the seat upon the votes which were re-
turned from the new district as formed by the
Legislature of New Hampshire. If the votes
in the old district were counted, then Mr. Per-
kins, the contestant, would have been entitled
to the seat, and if the votes in the new district
were counted, then Mr. Morrison, the sitting
member, was entitled to the seat. The Com-
mittee oi Elections, divided according to party
lines by a vote of live to four, decided in favor
of the sitting member who was elected by the
new district. But they themselves stated an
objection that had been raised which they were
compelled to admit, and I read from page 145
of Bartlett's Contested-Election Cases:
"In the discussion of this case heforeyour commit-
tee, one other and only one other argument wassub-
mitted by the contestant. It was, that if the Legis-
lature ot New Hampshire could chango the bound-
aries of the district, they might have so divided it as
to render it impossible to determine to which dis-
trict the Governor's precept should have been sent.
This may be admitted, but it docs not disprove the
existence of the power. It is ccrtainly illogical to
argue that because a power may be abused there-
fore it does not exist."
Now, the very objection insisted upon there
finds an exact illustration in this case. A man
presents himself here with a certificate claim-
ing to have been elected from a portion of ter-
ritory that never was included in the district
made vacant by the death of Mr. Mann, and
from a district which might with more propriety
have been termed the third district than the
second district.
Mr. PAINE. I ask the gentleman if he
will yield to me for five minutes ?
Mr. UPSON. For what purpose ?
Mr. PAINE. To make a statement to the
House.
Mr. UPSON. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. PAINE. I send to the Clerk's desk a
resolution which I will ask the gentleman to
allow me to present to the House for a vote
of the House now.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That J. Willis Menard, having a prima
facie right to a seat in this House as a .Representative
fromtheStateofLouisiana, be admitted totheHouse
pending the consideration of the present contested-
election case.
Mr. UPSON. I must object to the recep-
tion of that resolution at this time, and I will
give the gentleman my reasons why.
Mr. PAINE. Then allow me to state to the
House that if the previous question shall not
be sustained, so that I shall have an opportu-
nity to offer that resolution before this case is
disposed of, I will offer it. I would add, with
the gentleman's permission, that this claimant
for the seat has a certificate from the Governor
of his State such as gives us all our right to
sit here in the first instance-—gives us all a
prima, fade right to sit here. _ ■ ■■
Mr. UPSON. The gentleman will bear in
mind-that these credentials were presented in .
the early part of this session, when the House
had just the same opportunity of knowing the
facts from the face of the papers that they now
have, for the credentials were presented here
and this House'directed them to be referred to
the Committee of Elections. They did the
same with the whole of the Kentucky cases:
In every one of those cases the gentletnsth
claiming a seat presented a certificate of elec-
tion in due form, but they were all referred to
the Committee of Elections. And so was the
fact in the case of Mr. Botler, of Tennessee.
He presented his credentials in due form, and
they were referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions. So also with the credentials of the
member from Georgia and from every other
reconstructed State ; and this House, as a mat-
ter of consistency, should abide by the rule they
have established for themselves. And they
should also abide by the statement that has
been made in the hearing of the House by Mr.
Menard himself that he wants no favor shown
him on account of his race or color, and that
you shall consider his case and decide it as you
would the case of every other persons In that
light the committee have endeavored to dis-
charge their duty in the premises, and have
shown to the House the reasons upon which
they have predicated their action.
Mr. HIGBY. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question ?
Mr. UPSON. Certainly.
Mr. 1I1GBY. 1 would ask the gentleman if
there is any defect in the credentials submitted
by Mr. Menard? What is the finding of the
committee upon that?
Mr. UPSON. In form it is all regular, but
it comes from one of those States where all
the certificates are first referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections, and where the House have
always refused to act until the Committee of
Elections have reported upon them. They
have now reported upon these credentials, and
I ask the House to act upon that report and
not make any deviation from the principle they
have already established in other cases.
At the time the credentials of Mr. Menard
were tiled and referred to the committee there
was also filed and referred a certificate under
the seal of the State of Louisiana, and signed
by officers of that State, with a protest from
Mr. Mann, claiming the seat for himself. The
certificate signed by the Governor of the State
and by the secretary of the State, under the
seal of the State, showed that Mr. Menard was
not elected. More than that, it showed that
Mr. Menard received but 9-3 votes in that por-
tion of the new district which had been em-
braced in the old district represented by Mr.
Mann. Now bear in mind that every one of
the votes on which the certificate given to Mr.
Mann was predicated is from portions of the
district which at a previous election chose Mr.
Newshaw. now holding a seat on this floor,
and not from the district represented by Mr.
Mann during his lifetime. They are the votes
of those who never were authorized to vote for
Mr. Mann at the time he was elected.
The position taken by the Committee of
Elections in this ease is the same that was
taken by the minority of the Committee of
Elections in the case of Perkins vs. Morrison,
from the State of New Hampshire. The rea-
sons will be found in the volume of Contested
Elections, and they are copied in the report of
the committee in this case. The language of
the minority in that case is applicable also to
this case. That minority report was signed of
four of the nine members of the committee, and
received a vote in the House of 90 to 98. The
Committee of Elections are satisfied that the
reasons presented in that minority report are
correct: that is, that the vacancy caused by the
death of Mr. Mann could only be filled by the
voters of the district that formerly elected him ;
