1869,
TUB. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
protection to government officers. ,
Mr. MORRILL, of Verment. I offer the
following resolution:
Whereas General Duncan, Assistant Commissioner
of Patents, having, under orders of the Commissioner,
made an examination and report upon contracts
made in that office, implicating a flros tinder the
sfylo of DempSey & O'Toole in gross frauds, it is re-
ported that the senior member'of the firm,* accom-
panied by an accomplice, on, yesterday called Gen-
eral Duncan from his room and commenced, a most
brhtal assault,and thenRatis8«dthe lett(Srofth"e law
by appearing before-a justice of the peace of the
District, confessing tbe assault and- submitting t« a
fine of five dollars: Therefore,"
_ Revolved; That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire whether any further legislation
is required to .protect officials of the Government in
the honest, faithful, and courageous discharge of their
duty; -
Mr.- WILSON.- Did this individual testify
Before a Senate committee?
Mr. FERRY. He testified before a House
committee.
Mr. WILSON. I think it is a matter for
the House to investigate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Thi§ resolution is not
undertaking to 'deal with it, except to' inquire
whether additional legislation is necessary..
Mr. FERRY. , I hope the Senator from Ver-
mont. will not press the resolution at the present
moment,
Mr. MORRILL, o( Vermont. I do not
suppose it will require any discussion. It is
merely to,have the Committee on the Judiciary
inquire whether an assault of that kind can be
satisfied before a justice of the peace of the
party's own selection by his confessing the
assault and submitting to a nominal fine.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the resolution ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it goes over under the rule.
message from the house. ,
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. M-cPherson, its Clerk, announced
that tbe House had passed the bill (S. No.
009) transferring the duties of trustees of col-
ored schools of Washington and Georgetown.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills ; in which" it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 1876) for the relief of
Samuel H- Moore;
A bill (H. R. No. 1877) for the relief of
the heirs and legal representatives of Charles
C. Cook, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 1879) for the relief of
certain companies of scouts and guides organ-
ized in Alabama; and
A-joint resolution (II. R. No. 418) for the
relief of John E. Reeside and his sub-con-
tractor."
- reports of committees.
Mr. HE*NDRICKS, from, the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Frederick Hall, praying the confirm-
ation of certain entries of land in the Ionia
district, Michigan, reported a bill'(S. No. 896)
confirming certain purchases of lands fa tile
Ionia district, Michigan, made by Charles H.
Rodd and Andrew J. Compeau; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom the subject was referred,
reported a bill (S. No. 895) giving the consent
of the United States to the erection of abridge
across the Willamette river, in Oregon, from
the city of Portland, to the east bank of said
river ; which was read,'andpassed to a second
reading. '
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign .Relations,.to whom were referred the
joint resolution. (S. R. No.' 208) authorizing
Command.er Charles H. Baldwin, United States
Navy, to accept a gold medal from tbe king of
tie Netherlands} and the joint resolution (S.
R. No, 207) authorizing Lieutenant Commander
W. A. Kirkland, United States Navy, to accept
a gold medal from the emperor of France,
reported them without amendment.
- Mr. HOWARD. . I ask leave to submit a
.report from the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and I wish to be indulged in making a
single remark. That committee,.to whom nu-
merous bills on .the suly'eetof new Pacific rail-
roads so called have been referred, have had
them under consideration and spent a very
considerable time, in their consideration, and
a majority of the committee have instructed me
as their chairman to report a bill which I now
present to the Senate, I am bound to say at
the same, time that the committee were not
unanimous in recommending the passage of
this bill, and thaf, the minority still claim tbe
privilege of presenting their views to the Sen-
ate upon the subject embraced in the bill. The
bill reported by the committee is entitled "A
bill (S. No. 899) to aid the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company, the Atlantic and Pacific
Railroad Company, the Little Rock, Arkansas
Valley, and Fort Smith Railroad Company,
the Union Pacific Railroad Company, eastern
division, and the Oregon .Branch Railroad
Companies to construct their roads,by guar-
antying interest on their bonds."
The hill was read the first time by its title.
Mr. WILSON. It is understood that any
member or members of the committee reserve
the right to make minority reports.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
understood.
Mr. MORGAN. As one member of the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad I wish to
say that I do not concur in the report just
made by the majority of the committee. I
reserve the right to make a minority report. I
think it is inexpedient and injudicious to guar-
anty the payment of interest on the bonds of
railroad corporations to any extent or for any
purpose i^ut I am especially opposed to the
bill now reported, which virtually authorizes
the construction of about forty-eight hundred
miles of railroad, and theguarantee by the Gov-
ernment of six per cent, gold-bearing bonds
at the rate of $30,000 per each mile of rail-
road, making an aggregate of new obligations
of the United States of $144,000,000.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator will allow me
to correct him in one particular. The interest
payable on the bonds contemplated by the bill
is in currency, not gold.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, relative to a deficiency existing in the
appropriation for expenses incurred by Mr.
Wilkinson, United States agent for the Ariek-
arees, Gros Ventre, and Mandan Indians,
under instructions from the Indian peace com-
mission ; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of War, communicating papers
touching the matter of the claim of W. W. Cor-
coran ; which was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
house bills referred.
The following bills received from the House
of Representatives were severally read twice by
their titles, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs:
A bill (H. R. No. 1876) for the relief of the
heirs and legal representatives of Charles C.
Cook, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 1879) for the relief of cer-
tain companies of scouts and guides organized
in Alabama;
A bill (H. R. No. 1877) for the relief of cer-
tain companies of scouts and guides organized
in Alabama; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 418) for the
relief of John E. Reeside and his sub-con-
tractor.
bills introduced.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No, 897) to incorporate the Butchers' Benevo-
lent Association of the District of Columbia;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the .Committee on pie District of Columbia,
.and-ordered to be. printed. ,
Mr. HOWE asked, and, by unanimous cos-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No*
898) to grant lands to the, Superior an (J State
Line Railroad Company ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the CommiUee,on: Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to.be printed.-
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire,
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained, leave
to introduce a joint resolution. i(S. R. No. 213)
donating to the public schools of Washington,
District of Columbia, the frame building lo-
cated at the southeast-corner "eff-Twenty-sec-
ond street west and I street north, in said eityr,
which .was read twice by its title, referred.to the
Committee on Public Buildiugs and Grounds-,
and ordered to be printed.
connecticut river bridge. '
Mr. FERRY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up House bill No. 1861.
it will create no debate. If the Senate will
consent to take it up, and there b^ other morn-
ing business, I will yield the floor until the
morning business is disposed of. I have been
trying for a number of days to get this bill up.
It involves a very important interest in my
State, and I have now got the matter, bo ar-
ranged, I think, as to create no. discussion
whatever.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the W.hole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 1861) to establish a certain
post road in the State of Connecticut. . It pro-
poses to give the consent of Congress to the
erection of a draw-bridge over the 'Connecti-
cut river, in the State of Connecticut, by the
Shore Line Railway Co..ipany, in accordance
with the terms of a resolution passed by the
General Assembly of that State at its May.
session, 1868, amendatory of the charter of the
railroad company. The bridge when completed
in the manner specified in the resolution of tbe
Legislature of Connecticut, and ia the place
and in accordance with the plans of the board
of engineers appointed in conformity to that
resolution and in accordance with its require-
menls, is to be deemed and taken to be a legal
structure, and is to be, with the railroad of
which it is to be a part, a post road fo.r the
transmission of the mails of the, United Slates.
Congress reserves the right to withdraw the
assent hereby given in case the free navigation
of the river shall at any time be substantially
and materially obstructed by any bridge to ba
erected under the authority of the resolution.
Air. FERRY. Mr. President, the House
bill No. 1861 is similar to Senate bill No. 687,
differing, however, in an amendment which
was placed upon the House bill in tkfe House.
In the House the original bill was opposed
ably and earnestly by the Representative'of
the Hartford district in that body; and, at his
suggestion, the amendment which is now in- ,
corp'Tated in it was put upon it in the House,
When the bill came to the Senate that gentle-
man, who had seen previously the bill reported
from the committee of the Senate, called upon
me and stated that rather than have .the bill
amended by the substitution of the Senate, bill
be would prefer to withdraw opposition to the
House bill here—it having been amended, as
1 said, upon his suggestion—and thus allow
the House bill to be passed by this body instead
of having an effort made to send back the bill
amended by the substitution of the Senate bill.
Although the House bill does not accord with
my wishes so exactly as the. Senate bill does,
yet to prevent delay and to insure the early
passage of the bill I have consented to ask the
Senate to pass the House bill as it came to the
Senate, withoutalteration ; and that gentleman
informed me that if I consented to that, so far
as he was concerned, opposition would be with?
drawn to the passage of the bill as it cam§
from the House. I understand that determ-
ination was also com mumcated to my colleague.
I have, therefore, anticipated that the bill would
pass the Senate without discussion, and havs
on that account called it up at the present
