1688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Mr. PAINE. Another question. Isit not
true that the reason and the sole reason wily
we referred these papers as between Mr. Me-
nard and his contestant to the Committee of
Elections was that we did not yet know whether
there was or was not a vacancy in this district
of Louisiana?
Mr.. UPSON. No such reason have I heard
alleged. I think they were referred without
argument.
Mr. PAINE. I understood that to be the
only reason we ever referred the case to the
committee. It was the only reason why I ever
voted for it, I know
Mr. UPSON. Whatever reasons they were
they were satisfactory to the House at the
time, and now the case comes before the House
on the facts ; and when the gentleman has the
facts before him why does he ask about a prima
facie ease ? What is a prima facie case good
for when you show it good for nothing ?
Mr. PRUYN. That is it.
Mr. PAINE. What I want is, so far as this
case is concerned, to decide whether there was
or was not a vacancy. After that we have a
right to give the seat to any man who has the
certificate of the Governor, and then hear the
contestant as to his claim.
Mr. UPSON. I ask the gentleman why it was
this House refused to swear in the members,
from Kentucky until an investigation had when
they had regular certificates ?
Mr. COOK. Did not the House refer all
those cases to the Committee of Elections
with instructions to inquire whether there was
a vacancy, and also whether either of these
men was duly elected?
Mr. UPSON. This whole case was referred
to the committee, and the argument as to the
pt ima facie case is now too late for consider-
ation, because the merits of the case are before
the House, and the moment the papers are
examined by the gentleman he will recognize
it if he is a lawyer. The certified statement
of the returns of the votes is good legal evi-
dence anywhere so far as regards showing the
votes cast at this election. It is under the seal
of the State and is signed by the Governor and
secretary. ^
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not desire to pro-
tract the colloquy, but I have been trying to
get the gentleman to say distinctly in answer
to my question whether the prima facie case
is in favor of Menard or not.
Mr. UPSON. There is no prima facie case
here. The prima facie case was when it was
presented to the House.
Mr. GARFIELD. Do I understand the
gentleman to say that we have the very singular
example of an election case in which there is
no prima facie case about it?
Mr. UPSON. Yes, sir; we have got beyond
that.
Mr. GARFIELD. This is the first time I
ever heard there could be such a thing.
Mr. UPSON. Peril aps the gentleman is not
familiarwith a prima facie case. Letmegive
him a definition as given by an old gentleman
in Vermont. "It is a case," the old man said,
" that was good on its face but bad in the rear."
[Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD. Do I understand the
gentleman to say that this is a good case prima
facie, but bad on its merits ?
Mr. UPSON. No, sir.
Mr. GARFIELD. Or does he say it is bad
on its face and good on its merits?
Mr. LTPSON. I say it is bad all round, on
both sides. I say that he has not a prima facie
case, and if the gentleman will permit me I
will endeavor to show it before I get through.
Mr. GARFIELD. If the gentleman will
allow me, I desire to ask him if what we call
a j)rimafacie case is not known everywhere to
be this; that the man who brings a regular
certificate of election from the Governor of his
State has a prima facie case?
Mr. UPSON. 1 will answer the gentleman ;
and I tell him that this House has decided over
and over again that there is no such prima
facie, case from the reconstructed States, and
there never has been. Every case from those
States has been referred to the Committee of
Elections, and a report has been had from that
committee before determining the question of
the admissibility of members; and that is what
was done in this case. I tell the gentleman
further that this case was not referred to the
committee on one paper. It was referred on
two papers. They were both presented together
and referred together to the committee, and the
papers thus presented show no prima facie ease
in favor of Mr. Menard.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to say to my
friend from Michigan that I quite recognize
the truth of what he says in regard to the recon-
structed States. We have followed the rule
which he states when we first admitted Rep-
resentatives from those States ; but the State
of Louisiana has been represented here, and
this is not a case of first intention. It is a case
of filling a vacancy.
Mr. UPSON. Will the gentleman tell me
whether the cases from Kentucky were cases
of first intention, and whether the case of Mr.
Butler, of Tennessee, was a case of first inten-
tion?
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly ; Mr. Butler's
district had not been represented.
Mr. UPSON. His State had been repre-
sented.
Mr. GARFIELD. But his district had not.
Mr. UPSON. The State of Kentucky had
been represented ever since it was admitted
into the Union, and yet the cases from that
State were not acted upon by the House until
they had been referred to the Committee of
Elections and reported upon.
Mr. GARFIELD. Does not my friend rec-
ognize this difference, that in the Kentucky eases
and in the case of Mr. Butler the question
of the personal loyalty of the Representatives
was raised? That was the reason we referred
them to the committee. They never came up
on the certificates to be tried on the merits.
Mr. UPSON. I tell the gentleman that the
question of the election was raised in this case
on the face of the papers, for the papers pre-
sented to the House showed that Mr. Menard
was' declared elected illegally and ought not to
have been so declared.
Before I proceed fuither, let me say, as my
friend from Ohio has referred to the cases
from Kentucky and has stated that in every
one of those cases there was a charge of per-
sonal disloyalty, that the gentleman from the
Lexington district [Mr. Beck] has called my
attention to his own case, where there was no
such charge, and so far as the face of the
papers showed his election was regular and his
loyalty unchallenged.
Mr. BECK. Let me say that on the 3d ot
July, 1867, when my case was referred to the
Committee of Elections, there was not an ob-
jection made by any human being upon the
flooi, except that General Louax stated that I
had been the law partner of John C. Breckin-
ridge. Affidavits were sent here afterward,
but there was no objection at the time.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. The same is
true of five out of the eight cases from Ken-
tucky, and yet the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] voted to refer them to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
Mr. UPSON. It was because Mr. Menard
did not receive a majority of the votes, so far
as appeared from the testimony, either in the
old second district or in the new second dis-
trict, that the committee felt compelled to re-
port against him. But the same objection they
find is also fatal to Mr. Hunt's claim to the
seat He is not shown by the evidence to have
received a majority of the votes in the old sec-
ond district, left vacant by the death of Mr.
Mann. The returns are made from the parishes
constituting the new second district, and the
portion of the parish of Orleans in the new dis-
trict is different from what it was in the old—
one half or more of the fourth ward of the city
of New Orleans is not included in the new dis-
trict, and no election to fill the vacancy was
held therein nor returns made therefrom. The
eleventh ward has been added to the new dis-
trict, and was not in the old, but the vote of
this ward is included in the returns. What the
vote would have been in the part of the fourth
ward left out, or what the vote is in the eleventh
ward added, it is impossible to determine from
the returns as made, and hence Mr. Hunt fails
to show that he has received a majority in the
whole of the district left vacant by the death
of Mr. Mann. It is also apparent that in a
portion of the district left vacant by the death
of Mr. Maun no electiou was held to fill the
vacancy.-
I would also call the attention of the House
to another matter of importance, because the
contestant, Mr. Hunt, has insisted that- the
committee went out of their way to find objec-
tions against him. I will state a few of the
general facts and call the attention of the
House to some things in connection with those
facts. In the first place the aggregate vote of
the State for Congress in April, 1868, at the
time Mr. Mann was elected, was 107,156, as
shown by the papers. The aggregate Repub-
lican majority of the congressional vote at that
time was 16,985. In the second district Mr.
Mann received 6,784 votes, and Mr. Jones
•5,634, leaving a majority for Mr. Mann of
1,150 votes. There was also 849 Republican
voles scattering, making the total vote in the
district 12,407.
Now, the vote for Mr. Hunt in the parish of
Orleanssix months afterward was 11,535, while
the vote for Mr. Menard was only 93. And I
will show by the same certified statement that
Mr. Sheldon received only 125 votes in the
same district.
I wish to call the attention of the House to
another fact. There was no evidence brought
before the committee of the number of regis-
tered voters of the entire new district. But I
find attached to the report of the minority a
statement, certified to by officers of Louisiana,
of the registered voters of that district. By
that it appears that the registry of voters in
November, 1868, was 35,772, while the vote
cast was only 11,628, showing that in this parish
of Orleans there were, at the time of this last
election, 28,144 registered voters who, from
some cause or other, did not vote. So also in
the parish of Jefferson, which is embraced in
this new district, the number of registeied
voters is given at 5,969 in the minority report,
while the returns of the votes cast are 2,866,
showing that over 3,100 voters did not vote
there at that election.
Now the same principle applies here as in
the case of Blakey vs. Golladay. A vast
majority of the people of this district weie vir-
tually disfranchised at this election, and there
was such a state of things existing in this con-
gressional district that no loyal man claiming
to be a Republican could vote with personal
safety.
These facts are a matter of public history.
We all know, as a matter of public history,
that lawlessness and riot reigned throughout
Louisiana ; that the Governor was unable to
maintain civil order; that the Legislature of
the State applied to the Executiveof the Uni-
ted States for troops to maintain order in the
State, and that the Executive neglected to re-
spond to the call; that the Governor of Louis-
iana had applied to the commanding general,
stating that he himself was unable to maintain
order there, and that the mob reigned in the
city of New Orleans. A letter from the Gov-
ernor, setting forth these facts specifically, was
laid upon the tables of members early in this
session.
There are certain things of which the House
may take notice judicially, public matters affect-
ing the Government and matters of public his-
tory affecting the whole people. Those matters
this House can take cognizance of. And I
know of no case where it would be more proper
for them to do so than in this case where riot
and lawlessness prevailed at this election in
Louisiana. The return of the votes is practical
evidence of that fact. In this election the por-
tion of the city of New Orleans embraced in
