§m
IBB' CGNGEESSfOKi^ GIsGBiL
February 6,"
rfatkm oowposed 'of p«th*;  fcraro  *rx- hon '
dred million persons who can come to our
shores and supersede us in the establishment
of institutions of their own , which may be det-
rimental to us, and finally overthrow our cher-
ished system.
•As I said before,,thesis nations that have
Worshiped Be^ihen, gods have, been o'ver-'
thrown a.n4 |aper:§ede& by Christian nations,
and I think it is very fair.t® presume thai the
onerrulmg providence of God may curse win
the, same-ways and tbatwe may eventually be
owtbwwra by that .class of people who come;
tp oub P&eifie shores if we do not guard the
priceless legacy.which has beea intrusted to.
us. For that reason I oppose the present con-
st! tuiio sal amejidme-ntas it is submitted to us,
and I ofife* ab amendment to it in a definite-
form to exclude this pagan nation, and I trust
it will.be adopted,
Mr. SAULSBURY. I proposed, Mr. Presi-
dent, -to address the Senate on this Question
before tike debate closes, bat having heard a
remark .wade some time' ago by the honor-
able Senator from Nevada, who has the meas-
ure in charge, I do not wish to go on this even-
ing, biqji i:wiU;eay that i will cheerfully give
•way to any gentleman.in the Senate favorable
tothemeaauie who way wish to speak now,-
leaving tee the right to take the floor oa Mon-
day mowing;
Mr. DRAKE. I inquire of the honorable-
Senator few Delaware whether the package
be has before him oji his desk is the speech He
is to deliver,? [Laughter.]
Mr. SAULSBUR.Y. No, sir. I have no
written speech.
Mr. DRAKE. Because if that be the bulk
of it J w.ould suggest that we should adjourn
immediately. [Laughter.]
, Mj\ SAULSBURY. I will say to my hon-
orable friend from Missouri that this is a ques-
tion .of swell magnitude, of such vast import-
ance to the present and future well-being of
 y country, that I find it unnecessary ijj the
discussion of its principles and its objects to
commit to writing .anything I have to say on
this subject. I shall trust to the inspiration of
the hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is op the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada;
Mr. -SAULSBURY. If no gentleman on the
other side wishes to address the body I move
that the Senate adjourn.
The (motion was not agreedto.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness ; and I would say that there aredocu men ts
ly ing «u the table w.bich it is important to have
printed, and I ,wish to move their printing
Jvben we,go into executive session.
, Mr. WILSON. I desire to submit a .prop-
osition which J shall offer as an amendment
to thepepding joint resolution, and J wish to
liavoit printed.
The PRESIDENT pre tempore. The pro-
posed amendment will be ordered to be printed.
Mr. FERRY. Before the,question is put on
the motiou to go into executive,session J de-
sire to make an inquiry. I liave beeu told
that there has been a kipd of understanding
entered into that all that are friendly to this
measure should speak to-day. Lam aware of
so such understanding. I merely wish to have
it understood that therejs.no such undecstand-
ing, so far as I aw concerned.
Mr. STEWART. There is no understand-
ing. !■ simply made a request that those in
favor of the measure would go on .so as to get
through, the .speeches on that side to-night,
if posaiblej for .it is very desirable that the
friends of the measure ah all not occupy time
■on Monday.
Mr. THAYER. I will say that I will sup-
port the Senator from Nevada impressing a
•vote on Monday. . •;
The P,RES1 DENT:pro teafjparel The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, that the Senate proceed to-the cojv
■siaeratioo ,o( ^xecut-ive-bu8iHe«s. • •
- Mr. CAMERON. I hope shall not at this
late hour of the day go into executive session.
■ The question being pnt, there were on a
division—ayes 22, noes 10. >
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
not a quorum voting.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
adjourn. " 5 " '.
The potion.was agreedto; there being on
a division—ftyps; 25( noes 18 ; and the Senate
adjourned.
■ SOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 6,1869.
TheHonse metattwelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boxntojt.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
iemale suffrage.
Mr: JULIAN, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial on the subject of female
suffrage ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed in
the Globe. It is as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States in Congress assembled:
The memorial of a numerous convention froo} all
narks of Hew Euglwd. in favor of granting the right
ofsuffrag ei to wbpien. respectfully represents— *
'I;hat since all humnn beings "-are created equal/
women are deprived of their natural, equality when
tbey are denied the right of suwagfl.which is given
ti) all men
Tour memorialists therefore iway that in any pro-
posed amendment to the Constitution which may
come before yon in regard .to suffrage, and in any
law affecting suffrage in the District of Columbia or
any Territory, the right of voting -may be given to
women on the same terujs as to men.
JAM.ES FREEMAN .CLARKE,
President. '
Charlks K. Whipple,
George H. Vibbkbt,
Secretaries.
private reports.
The SPEAKER stated that in the morning
hour reports of a private nature were in order,
beginning with the Committee on Military
bardstown and louisville road company.
Mr. HAWKINS, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back the petition of,
the Bardstown and Louisville Road Company,
praying compensation for bridges destroyed by
order of General Nelson while in command .of
the department of Kentucky; and the s$me
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
adverse reports.
Mr. HAWKINS, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the following cases;
which were laid on the table:
Petition of Major General Q. L. Hartsuff;
Petition for the relief of William Northedge ;
Petition for the relief of Captain Snyder; and
Resolution calling on the Secretary of War
for certain information.
john milon®.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee of Claims a joint
resolution for the relief of John Milone, post-
master at Uhricksville, Tuscarawas county,
Ohio. It is a unanimous report.
Mr. HAWKINS. I object.
seth tv. langdon.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported adversely on the report
of the Adjutant General of the Army .upon the
claim of J)r. S.eth W. Langdon, of. Vermont,
for medical services rendered the United States
at draft rendezvous at New Haven, Connec-
ticut ; .and tlie same was laid on the table.
mrg. ii. l. gates.
Mr. QARFIELD also, from the same com-
mittee, .reported adversely on the communica-
tion of the.Secretary of War asking the favor-
able attention f>f Congress totheclaim.of Mrs.
H. ,L. Gates, widow of'the late Brigadier Gen-
eral William Gates, an officer of the Army for
sixty-two years, for difference of pay due Jhat
.officer ; ,aaxf the same,was Laid.an the table, i
" IPEI, W; CLOOTJitAli!.
Mr. GARFIELD also, from the same com-
mittee, reported adversely on the petition of
Joel W. Cloudman, for relief; and the same
was laid on the table.
sort leavenworth reservation.' '• ,
•Mr. GARFIELD, from tho'same committee,,
reported adversely on the bill (H. R. No.
1668) to grant a portion of the military reser-
vation at Port Leavenworth to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and wagon bridge .across
the Missouri river ; and the same was laid on
the table.
ORGANIZATION OF THIS ARMY, '
Mr. GARFIELD also, from the same eqfa-
mittee, reported adversely oh the |>rll (H. R.
No- 1800) to repeal a part of section eight of
ah act passed August 3, 1861; and the same
was laid on the table.
SOLDIERS' MONUMENT IN NEW JERSEYV
Mr. GARFIELD, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the joint resolution (M.-
R. No. 352) to furnish certain ordnance for a
soldiers' monument at Pequannoc, New Jersey;
and the same was laid on the table.
NINETY-FOURTH OHIO VOLUNTEERS. "
Mr. G AR.FIELD, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the petition of Thomas
N. Dye, for payment of the ninety-fourth regi-
ment Ohio volunteers from date of muster-Out
to date of; final discharge from service; and
th.e same was laid op the table, •
- NORTHEASTERN FRONTIER.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the same committee,
reported aversely on the bil} (H. R'.'N.o. 1498)
to provide for the defense of the northeastern
frontier; and the same was laid on the table.
SAJIUEL .H, MOORE. '
Mr. BOYER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported ahill (H. R. No. 1876)
for the relief of Samuel H. Moore; which was
read a first and secondtime."
The bill recites that the petitioner, a late
private of company G, fifty-seventh regiment
Ohio veteran volunteer infantry, was entered
on the roll of the company as having deserted
in January, 1863, whereas there is satisfactory
evidence that he did not desert, but was cap-
tured by the enemy; that hia conduct proves
that said capture was made; and that after his
release by the enemy as a paroled prisoner of
war he rejoined his regiment and served with
it till it was mustered out. It therefore enacts
that the roll be corrected in accordance with
the facts, and that the said Moore be hereby
relieved from all disability on account of said
charge of desertion with like effect as if the
same had never been entered on the roll.
Mr. BOYER. • As the .preamble of the bill
states all the material facts, I ask that it be put
on its passage.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BOYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
charles c. cook.
Mr. BOYER, from the same committee,
reported p. bill (H. R. No. 1787) for the relief
of the heirs«,nd legal representatives of Charles
C. Cook, deceased; which was read a first and
secondtime.
The bill .directs the Paymaster General to
pay io the heirs and legal representatives of
Charles ,C. Cooks .deceased, formerly of com-
pany C, seventy-seventh regiment Pennsylva-
nia volunteers, the full pay and allowances of
a second lieutenant of infantry from .Novem-
ber 1, 1861, to November 6, 1864,.when be
died of wounds received in battle, deducting
therefrom such sum as he may have received
for his military service during that perlpd. -
Mr. BOYER. This bill i^," unanimously
