1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1693
proof that the committee have appended to
their report? Why, there are two letters from
Governor Warmoth to Senator Kellogg, and
one letter from General Buchanan—mere pri-
vate letters, not even equal to an ex parte affi-
davit. They are private letters, and they are
not official communications either. To be sure,
the gentleman who wrote two of them is said
to be a Governor, and the one who wrote the
other was a general, and they all, I believe,
purport to have been written to a Senator. But
they are not in any legal sense official commu-
nications at all. They are mere private letters.
They are of no more authority than if 1 were
to write a private letter making a statement
about an election to my friend trom Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Williams.] The writers of these
letters may be very respectable and worthy
gentlemen and entitled to credit, but I do not
know that their word is to be taken in a court
or in any proceeding where the law requires
the proof to be under oath any more than if
they were mere private persons ; and in these
latter days it would not go so far toward help-
ing a witness in court to be a Governor or a
Senator as it would at some time, I think, in
the history of the Republic. [Laughter.] [
quite agree that there is enough in these com-
munications upon which to start an inquiry.
There is enough in them to justify this House
in directing the committee to inquire into this
and to take testimony upon the subject. But
I say that these letters, these communications,
are not of themselves anything upon which the
committee had any right to act as testimony
or upon which we have any light to act as tes-
timony. We may send them to the commit-
tee and order them to make inquiry and to
report in reference to it.
But there is another ground upon which I
object to this. These letters say that at the
election in Louisiana there was violence, dis-
turbance, intimidation, and that the people
could not vote freely and fairly as they desired
to. But that did not apply to this district, any
more than to the rest of the State. It will be
borne in mitid that this election was upon the
very same day, a part of the very same elec-
tion at which electors were voted for in that
State, and the question was raised before this
House, and this House solemnly decided by a
large majority that it was a legal and valid
election and that the electoral votes of that
State should be counted, and they were
counted. And we had then before us this pub-
lic history ; we had then the same documents ;
we had possession of all the facts when we
voted in reference to the presidential election
and its validity that we have before us now in
reference to this election. If, now, this House
is to stand by this resolution that lias been
reported by the majority of the committee and
say there was no legal and valid election in this
district in consequence of intimidation and
violence, we are thrown directly back upon our
vote which we gave in reference to the electoral
vote of that State, and the two decisions will
stand in direct conflict with each other.
And therefore the object of asking to have
this recommitted to the committee is to get us
out of that dilemma. Besides, I would not estab-
lish a bad precedent in relation to this change
of district. I would not have this House go
back upon its record in relation to the validity
of the election that was held in the second dis-
trict of Louisiana on the 3d day of November
last. Hence I say, Mr. Speaker, as the action
which the majority of the committee propose
to the House will give a seat to nobody, will
take away a seat from nobody, it is just as safe
for the House and will accomplish practically
the same result to recommit this subject to the
committee as if we should adopt the resolution
reported by the majority.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PAINE. I move to amend the substi-
tute of the gentleman from Vermont by adding
the following:
Provided, That J. Willis Menard, holding the cer-
tificate from (he Governor of the State of Louisiana
that he was duly elected as a Representative irom
| the second district of that State, be admitted to a
seat in this House pending the consideration of the
' case.
; Mr. Speaker, upon the resolution of the
; committee and the pending amendments I call
| the previous question.
: Mr. COOK. I would like to offer a substi-
tute for the resolution of the committee.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
\ Wisconsin yield for that purpose ?
: Mr. PAINE. I cannot yield.
ill-. UPSON. I rise to a point of order,
that the amendment of the gentleman from
■ Wisconsin [Mr. Paixe] is not germane to the
j resolution.
i The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
| point of order. The opening sentence of the
j report in this case reads as follows:
"The Committee of Elections, to whom were re-
ferred the petition and papers on behalf of Simon
Jones, claiming to have been elected a Representa-
tive m the present Congress from the second con-
gressional district of Louisiana, and contesting the
right of James Mann to his seat in this House as
such Representative from said district; and also the
credentials of J. Willis Menard, and the protest and
papers of Caleb S. Hunt, each claiming to have been
' elected a Representative in Congress from said dis-
trict to liil the viteaiicv claimed to have been caused
bv the death of said James Mann, submit the fol-
lowing report."
It thus appears that this branch of the report
I is based upon thepapeis presented by J. Willis
i Menard and Caleb S. Hunt, and therefore, in
! tile opinion of the Chair, anything relating to
the right of either of these gentlemen to a seat
is in order.
The previous question was seconded and the
, main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Upsox] is now entitled to an
hour to close the debate.
Mr. UPSON. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Shellabauger] desires to be
hejrd in this case. I yield to him ten minutes.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
would not have sought to say anything about
this case did I not apprehend that on account
of the novelty of some of the circumstances by
which we are surrounded there is danger of
our making in this case a precedent that will
some time come back to greatly plague us. It
is the first time in the history of the Republic
when that race which has been for centuries
trodden upon by that greatest wrong of mod-
ern civilization, slavery, comes here in the
person of one of its members and asks that he
be admitted to take his place among the law-
makers of that Republic which has so long
been his oppressor. It is with the most pro-
found regret, I assure you, that I here, in the
last hours of my relations with this Congress,
am compelled by a sense of duty to refrain
from casting my vote, as it would have been
my extreme pleasure tocastit, in favor of giv-
ing a seat among the law-makers to one of this
class of my fellow-couutrymen. This inclina-
tion of mine thus to vote is I know shared by
a large proportion of my fellow-members ; and
I repeat the expression of my regret that it so
happens that in this first instance, and because
the first one, one which is to be historical, in
which is presented the claim of this race to
take its place among those who as part of the
people are in part to control the destinies of
the country, I am constrained to the belief that
it is not wise for us to grant to this claimant
the seat.
I shall not go into the discussion of the
merits of the case, because I cannot and ought
not, as they have been so carefully stated and
so well already : but there are just two con-
siderations which seem to me to be absolutely
conclusive. One is a consideration which
points directly to the proposition submitted by
my friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paixe ] He
would have Mr. Menard sworn in on a prima
facie title during the time his contest is to be
pending. I should like even to do that if it
were right and safe to do so.
Why is not it safe and wise to do so? Mr.
Speaker, the answer is just this. There is in
the law which controls the primary organi-
zation of each House no prima fame case,
except that one which controls the Clerk in
making up of the roll of the House of Repre-
sentatives. What is that? In making up"the
roll of the House of Representatives for the
purpose of starting into operation the machinery
and powers of each successive Congress, that
is a prima facie_ca.se, and entitles a claimant"
to a seat which comes up to the requirements
of the act of Congress. This I read, as follows:
"By the act of the second session, Thirty-Hmth
Congress, (Session Laws, p. 28,) it is provided:
"That before the first meeting of the next Con-
gress, and of every subsequent Congress, the Clerk
of the next preepding House of Representatives shall
make a roll of the Representatives-elect, and place
thereon the names of all persons claiming seats as
Representatives-elect from States which were repre-
sented in the next preceding Congress, and of such
persons only, and whose credentials show that they
were regularly elected in accordance with the laws
of their States respectively or the lawsof the United
States."
Now, Mr. Speaker, the claimant had once
that sort of a title to a seat in this House. I
state it distinctly and expressly that for the
purpose of making up the roll of this House,
in the absence of any other evidence than his
certificate, he ought to be permitted to par-
ticipate in the organization of the House and
to take his seat here to-day. That I distinctly
admit. That being admitted, why do I not favor
the proposition of the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin and insistuponMr. Menard nowbeingsworn
in ? Mr. Speaker, it is that very same reason
upon which you and I and every Republican
in this House have again and again acted
in refusing to recognize just such prima fade
titles,namely, that there are such facts brought
to our knowledge in regard to certain of the
reconstructed States, and touching the elec-
tions therein, that we are demanded by the
public safety to take notice of them as historic
facts, and to decline to accept such certificates
as is usually done. It is upon his knowledge
of these historic events that the Clerk of the
House of Representatives acts in refusing to
enroll certain claimants of seats, and because
of these events he ought not, as I trust he will
not, place upon the rolls of the Forty-First
Congress the name of any man claiming to
hold a prima facie title to a seat from the
State of Louisiana. Why do I make that re-
mark? Because in that election there were
occurrences of which we have not only the
right, but which by every principle of congres-
sional as well as common law we are bound to
take notice of, and which beingnoticed destroy
that prima facie title. Why they must be
noticed is just because they are historical and
affect the very being and existence of the Gov-
ernment. Such events need never to be
pleaded or proved, and are ever taken notice
of by the Parliament. Those facts being taken
notice of, then the question comes to us was
that a legal election in Louisiana, or was it
one which should bind the House of Repre-
sentatives or its Clerk in making up the rolls
for the next Congress to treat each certificate
which that election brought into existence as
prima facie good? If the proposition of my
excellent friend from Wisconsin should pre-
vail and we are to deal with that election—
monstrous, cruel, infamous as it was—a3 a
thing having significance and validity enough
to make its creations a prima facie title to
membership in this House, then we might so
| treat, in the absence of all other evidence, the
certificate of Mr. Menard, which he derives
from that election. But, sir, if not, if that
election in Louisiana was so monstrous in its
| wrongs as against the free suffrages of the
j people as to authorize and require that the
Republican Clerk of this House shall not enter
upon the rolls of the Forty-First Congress our
political opponents who hold certificates just
like and as good as this of Mr. Menard's, and
this because the election was not an election
but a farce or a massacre, then how shall we
treat it as a good election for Menard and as
giving him a prima facie title?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. UPSON. I will yield to the gentleman
until he concludes his remarks.
