1860.
WM: CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
941
reported; by the Committee on Military Affairs,
and satisfactory evidence exists of the «rerits
of the claim. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seepnded and the
main question ordered; and utjde/r the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and -being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the .third time, and
Mr. BOYER. moved to reconsider the Tote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid oh the
table. ' •
The latter ihotion was agreed to.
WILLIAM F. sedTT.
Mr. BOYER, from thet same committee,
reported back, with,the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1838) for the
relief of William F. Scott, late adjutant fourth
.Iowa cavalry volunteers.
• Tire bill ivas read. It directs the Paymaster
Qeneral of the Army, to allow and pay to. Wil-
liam P. Scott, late adjutant of the fourth Iowa
volunteer cavajry, out.of .the appropriations for
the support of ;tb,e Army, the difference be-
tween the' pay and allowances ,of .sergeant
major of cavalry and that of adjutant of cavalry
from the 23d of March, 1865, to .the 10th of
June, 1865, inclusive, he having actually .acted
in the capacity .of such adjutant during that
time and having received therefor only the
'pay of sergeant major, not having been actually
mustered as such adjutant by reason of the
nqn-receipf of his commission.
Mr. COBB. I would like to hear the report
.in this case read.
Mr. BOYER. There is no report in this
case, but I may state for the satisfaction of
the gentleman that the facts before the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs sufficiently estab-
lish that the services for which compensation
is provided in the bill were faithfully rendered,
and that the muster-in did not take place in
consequence .of .the exigencies of the service,
•by reason of no fault of the applicant. This
case would be comprehended in a large qlass
_=of cases for which the committee reported last
session a.general law, which, however, has not
as yet been acted upon in.the Senate, and the
special.circumstances of this case seem to jus-
tify that it- should be made the subject of a
-special bill at this time. It is unanimously
recommended for passage by the Military
Committee.
Mr. COBB. I simply want to know the par-
ticular exigency which 'prevented his being
mustered. I do not know that 1 shall oppose
the bill.
Mr. BOYER. The exigency was this: that
in consequence of the services being rendered
far south, in a district of country where the
transmission of njail material was uncertain,
the commission, although issued,.did not reach
the headquarters of the regiment t.o which the
applicant belonged in time to allow of his being
. mustered into the service, as he would have
been had the commission arrived.'
Mr. COBB. I do not oppose the bill, but I
wish to state that I have presented petitions in
. favor of some officers of the. fiftieth Wisconsin
regiment where exactly this state of things
existed, and the, committee reported against
them. I wish to call thegentleman's attention
to that fact. I was always unable to see why
the committee should.have reported against
those claims, andl am very glad that they have
in this instance been, in my judgment, more
,just and generous, und I hope that at some
future time they will be equally just and gen-
erous,to my friends of .the fiftieth Wisconsin.
Mr. BOYER. The committee are aware of
; the comparative merits of the claims presented
^before them,iof which they have made a "full
"examination, which the gentleman Mas not.
Mr. GARFIELD. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs had this case before them during
. the Thirty Eighth Congress, when my colleague
£Mr. Schexck] was chairman of the commit-
tee. The committee tbefi reported that no
^ditional legislation was needed, becan^e.
case was covered, .by a, general bill whiqk.tbey
reported.. They sbppased that the general bill
did cover it. And my colleague has just said
to me that he'teme'mbers the case very well,
and should have reported in favor of it:but
for the- feet (hat he supposed it was covered
by the generial bill. By some technical render-
ing of the general bill which is not fully un-
derstood it seems that the Department con-
strues the general bill as not covering this case.
Therefore, in order to reach this specific case,
which the spirit of the general bill most clearly
reafehes, I hope there will be no objection to
this bill.
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman from Pfcnn-
'sylt&S'iii [Mr. BoterJ yield to rae for another
question ?
Mr. BOYER. Certainly, for a c(a«$ticre.
Mr. COBB. At the tine this exigency afi£>se,
when this officer could have been mustered in,
was there toy other vacancy to which he could
be appointed) or was the regiment ap to the
minim um number which allowed-of the -muster-
ing of that officer? . .
Mr. BOYER. I will state that there was'a
"vacancy into which the applicant was actually j
mustered' when this connnission afterward
arrived. I now call the previous question.
- The previous question was seconded and the
mainqiiestion ordered, and under the operation
thereof the bill Was Ordered to be engrossed
arid read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. BOYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the;
ta1 >le. • ■
The latter motion was agreed to. ' 1
JOHN A. M'LEAN. :
Mr. BOYER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report adversely
ppon the. bill of the House No. 9, authorizing
John A. McLean,, company B, one hundred
and fifth Pennsylvania volunteers, to receive
three months' pay proper. The committee
submit a report in this case which applies to a
numerous class of cases. I «sk that it be read.
The report was read. It states that the
Committee on Military Affairs see no good rea-
son for extending the operation of the fourth
section of the act of March 3, 1865, which
provides that all officers of volunteers then
m commission below the rank of brigadier
general who shall continue in the military
service to the close of the war shall be enti-
tled to receive, on being mustered out of said
service, three months' pay proper. The re-
port further states that that law was passed
to encourage officers, to remain on duty at
that particular period. To extend its pro-,
visions at this time to others not embraced h'
its terms, in the opinion of the committee,
would be an act without adequate motive and
not demanded by any equitable consideration.
The bill was laid on the table.
ALLKGHANY ARSENAL POWDER MAGAZINE.
'Mr. BOYER, from 'the - same_ committee,
reported adversely upon the petition of the
select an:d c6mmon councils of the city of Pitts-
burg,'Pennsylvania, praying that the'powder
magazine at Alleghany arsenalmay be removed
beyond the city limits; which was laid on the.
table.
THREE MONTHS' EXTRA PAY.
:Mr. BOYER, from the same committee, also
reported adversely upon the following bill and
petitions; which were laid on the table:
A bill CH. R, No.'597) supplemental to the
aets approved March 3, 1865, and July 1>J,
1866, extending a grant of three months' extra
pay to all volunteer officers below the rank of
brigadier general who were mustered into the
service of the United States before April 26,
1865, and honorably mustered out thereafter;
A.petition of ten officers of North Carolina
and Tennessee regiments, who are excluded
"fro.m the benefits of the act of -#th of March,
1865, askiogjtn extension of. the three months'
pay . to. all officer? mustered into service'in
March tttid April, 1865; ■
The petition of St. John Dean, praying for
the ameadmeat of an act giving the benefit of
three months' extra pay to officers mustered
after March 3, 1865; and
The petition of Ferriss Jacobs, jr., for relief,
BeoUTS AMI) GOIOT5S IN AM&AWA. .
Mr. RAUM, from the Committee cm Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a 'bill (EE. It. No. 1873)
for the relief of certain companies of scouts
and guides organized in Alabama j whicfc was
read a first and second tin*©.
The bill provides ito tlrt first section Chat the
forty-two officers tend men composing Cap-
tain J. H. Springfield's company' of scout a
a'n'd guides, tod the thirty-three officers .and.
men 'Com posing Captain J ohri -B.' Kefniarner's
cotapatiy of scouts and guides, organized in
Norttera Alabama., tinder orders ■of Brigadier
General Gordon Granger, commanding tlve
district of 'Northern Alabama, approved 'by
M-ajor 'General George-A. Thomas, command-
ing the 'cteparfctfiwt of the Cumberland, shall
'be entitled to -reoeirve pay for their 'services
■from the datew'heh they Tes-peetively joined
such companies to the date -when 'they were
relieved from duty respectively, ;at the: rates
fixed by order of General Thomas, to wit:
captains, three dollars; lieutenants, two dol-
lars; sergeants, $1 50; and'privates, one dol-
lar per day; the value of the cldthing received
by each of the scouts and guides to be de-
ducted from the amount due them respectively;
and if either of the scouts orguides-shall 'have
died before receiving the amount due him, his
■heirs or legal representatives are to 'be entitdeid
-'•to receive the same.
The Second seotion provides that in auditing
and :paymg the accounts the Tolls of the com-
panies now on file in the office Of the Adjntarit
'General of the Army shall'be the data to guide
•the accounting officers; and the claims, when
audited, are to be paid by-the Paymaster Gen-
eral out-of iany money heretofore or hereafter
appropriated for the pay of the Army.
Mr.- R AUM. The papers in this ease,.which
•are quite voluminous, have received fcheivei?y
careful consideration of the committee. -The^e
companies were raised in Northern Alabama
under the superintendence of-General Granger
and by the orders of General Thomas, who
fixed the pay that these acouts and guides were
to receive respectively. They served from the
lit of July, 1864, until the 17th of May, 1868,
and never received any pay for their services.
I presume'that this explanation will be suffi-
cient.
Mr. WARD. Is there a report inthi-s case ?
Mr. RAUM. There fs no writtettireport.
will state, in addition to What Ihavo *lr« arty
•said, that it-was my'good fortune to be wiKh
'■Sherman's army during <the oamp&ign Upon
Atlanta, and my headquarters for a consider-
able time were at Larkinsville, -where these
two companies were organized. A portion of
the men whom this bill proposes to pay were
enrolled under my superintendence while 'I
occupied Larkinsville, and a-pOrtiort under the
superintendence of an -Indiana' colonel by
whom I was relieved from the -command of
that post. From my personal-knowledge of
the case, and from all the papoTS On fife, I-am
-satisfied it is just and right this payment-should
be made.
The bill was ordered to be-engrossed and
read a third time; -and being engrossed, it
was accordingly1 read the third time, and passed.
Mr. RAUM moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter-motion was agreed to.
GEORGE TV. SIIOllT.
Mr..RAUM,from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill (H. 11. No. 1879) for
the relief of George W. Short; which was read
a first aud second time.
The bill directs the Paymaster General to pay
to George W. Short, late captain of compauy
B,-sixty-third regiment Illiriois volunteers, out
