1 @94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Mr. SHELLABARGER. We cannot, if we
mean to be as we will be consistent to principle,
consistent in that fair play which principle
always vindicates and demands, we cannot ac-
cord prima fade title to the gentleman claim-
ing a seat from Louisiana, as being conferred
by such an election as that, and yet withhold
that prima facie title held in the certificates
of other gentlemen coming from Louisiana,
and say that theirs shall not entitle them equally
with him. Thus much with regard to Eouisi-
ana. But, sir, you have again and again, ac-
tuated by this same principle to which I have
appealed, said that we may rightly take notice
of historical events in the disposing of this
prima fade application forseats in the House.
We have, I say, in assertion of that principle
again and again required the certificates show-
ing, equally with this certificate, a prima fade
title to be referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions, and have had their report upon the known
historic facts before they took their seats. It
is because of that, sir, that it is now wise, I
submit to my friend, to dispose of this case
upon the.principle to which this House has so
properly again and again appealed ; and upon
which it has rested the disposition of this very
important question.
Mr. PAINE. I ask my friend to give me
the floor for a single question.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Certainly.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman has referred
to the law regulating the entry of the names of
members on the roll in the organization of the
House. He stated that that was the only law
applicable to a case like this. Now, that law
was passed, as he and I well remember, at the
second session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
Now, the question I want to ask him is this :
has it not always been the recognized law of
this House that the certificate of the Governor
of a State gives to the person claiming to be
elected a prima fade right to a seat here ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Most certainly.
I not only admit it but I stated it and insisted
upon it.
Mr. PAINE. My friend misunderstands me.
The question is whether this certificate of the
Governor of the State has been regarded as
constituting a prima fade right which would
entitle the Clerk to enter the name of the mem-
ber, or the person claiming to be such, on the
roll upon the opening of the first session of
Congress ; and whether it has not been the
established rule of the House from the com-
mencement of the Government down to the
enactment of that law, and since, that the cre-
dentials thus furnished by the Governor to a
member constitute his prima facie right to a
seat on this floor—not merely to have his name
placed on the roll, but to take his seat on the
floor?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will answer my
friend so far as my information goes, and if I
am wrong I may be corrected by my friend, the
chairman of the Committee of Elections. The
party holding a certificate which the law of his
State made the evidence of his election, what-
ever that may be, whether a certificate from a
Governor or something else, is entitled not
only to be enrolled by the Clerk, but to be
sworn in in the absence of objections. I be-
lieve that is an answer. And all that I have
said hitherto before the question was put to me
was directed to this single proposition, which I
did desire to remind gentlemen of, that in
dealing with the case of Louisiana, and every
other case where there were such historical
facts brought to the notice of the Government
itselfand of its Congress, experience has shown
it to be unsafe to adhere to the practice to which
the gentleman appeals, and have adopted the
practice, and have referred in such cases such
primafade titles to the Committee of Elections.
That is my answer. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts for a question if he
desires it.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman has answered
the question 1 wished to propound. I will add,
however, that in the memory of the gentleman
Irom Wisconsin [Mr. P-une] this present Con-
gress has referred, time and again, the prima
fade evidence of which he speaks to the Com-
mittee of Elections, pending the examination
upon the merits without admitting the gentle-
man to his seat. Five gentlemen, bringing
prima facie evidence to this Congress from the
Governor of Kentucky, were not permitted to
take their seats until the Committee of Elec-
tions reported upon their cases.
A Membek. What is the rule about a mem-
ber taking a seat upon a prima fade certificate
when objection is made'!
Mr. DAWES. The rule seems to be this:
when objection is made to a man's being sworn
in upon the presentation of his certificate the
House will look at the character of that objec-
tion, and if in the opinion of the House it is
frivolous they will admit him to his seat and
proceed to the examination of the case. If in
the opinion of the House it is a serious charge,
made in good faith, then it has always been
the precedent to refer the primafade case to
the committee. But this single point my friend
from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] seems to over-
look, that in this case we have referred not only
the primafade case bnt the merits altogether
to the Committee of Elections, and the Com-
mittee of Elections having passed upon the
merits the prima fade case passes out of
sight. There is no longer any prima fade case
before the House. The case is now before the
House upon its merits. Mr. Menard presented
his credentials here at the commencement of
the session, and if my friend had moved then
that he be sworn in as having the prima fade
right to the seat it might have been proper ;
but instead of that the House directed the com-
mittee to take all the papers and examine into
the merits. The merits are now before the
House and the prima fade case has passed out
of sight. How can you pass on the prima fade
case when the merits are before the House?
Mr. PAINE. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabakgeii] I
will read from the Journal on the very point re-
ferred to by the gentleman from Massachusetts
to show him that he is mistaken and that I am
right on this point. I read from the Journal
of December 18, 1868 :
" Mr. Sypher presented the credentials of J. Wil-
lis Menard as a memberof thisHouse from the State
of Louisiana, to fill the vacancy occasioned hy the
death of James Jlann; which were referred to the
Committee of Elections."
And that is the whole of it. Now, he could
not have been sworn in then because it was
not yet decided whether there was a vacancy
or whether Mr. Jones was entitled to the seat,
and never until this very hour has there been
an opportunity, as my friend from Massachu-
setts must well know, for this claimant to avail
himself of his right to sit here under tha prima
fade letter given him by the Governor's cer-
tificate.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, the
gentleman from Massachusetts, the chairman
of the Committee of Elections, has stated the
balance of my speech in the remarks which he
has made. I am about now to surrender the
floor with this additional statement, and it is
a reply to the suggestion made by the gentle-
man from Wisconsin. It is insisted by the
gentleman from Wisconsin that we shall now,
at this moment, swear in upon th & prima fade
case, as he calls it, a man who is shown by a
report made in obedience to the order of the
House not to be entitled to be sworn in at all.
Just keep that in mind, and it does seem to
me that all question as to what is proper must
disappear.
Mr. NORRIS. I would ask the gentleman
if his argument would not have led to the rejec-
tion of the electoral vote of Louisiana?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I answer my friend
from Alabama no. I cannot go further, because
I am holding the floor by the courtesy of an-
other, and I must surrender it. Besides, his
question has no very apparentlogical connection
with what I am now talking about except such
connection as I will explain and answer as I
proceed, if I have time. I say this in all kind-
ness to my friend.
I was saying that you are asked now to vote
to admit Mr. Menard to his seat upon the
primafade title when you have before you the
report of the committee whom you have in-
structed to examine the question of his real
title, and that committee has made its report
under your order and that report is that he
has not a primafade title. At the very instant
when you are swearing in upon a pretended"
primafade title thisHouse knows, by a report
made on its own order and by unquestioned
documentary evidence, that there is no longer
either a primafade or a real title. Both have
been swept away. Sir, that will not do. That
is the trouble with all this confusion about the
.prima facie title. We have passed the stage
where prima fade titles have play or can be
considered. The House cannot ignore the fact
that the real and prima fade titles in this case
are defeated by the facts now before the House.
Mr. DEWEESE. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Not just now, for
I will not be able to say anything that has any
sense in it unless I am permitted to finish the
connection in which I am making these state-
ments. Now, I have said that you have before
you what shows that Mr. Menard has neither
a prima fade nor a real title to a seat here.
Let me state one single fact which disposes of
the real as well as prima facie title to a seat,
at least in my own mind. The paper which
you referred to your Committee of Elections,
and which the committee have reported back,
shows that Mr. Menard was overwhelmingly
defeated in that portion of the parish of New
Orleans that was in the second district—de-
feated overwhelmingly—defeated by perhaps
eight or ten thousand majority. The very doc-
uments that you referred to the committee,
and which they have brought back to you, show
that the votes of that parish were rejected be-
cause the returns were made by certain enroll-
ing officers, and for no other reason. The
Governor says that he rejected these returns
because those officers had no power under the
law to make these returns, and that that was
the only reason why he rejected those returns.
But he admits that an overwhelming majority
of the votes cast at that election were for Mr.
Hunt and not with Mr. Menard, if these officers
could under the law have made these returns
properly. But he says there was no law for
them to do it. Now, Governor Warmoth had
simply overlooked the fact that a little before
that election took place a law of the State Legis-
lature was passed expressly authorizing these
officers to make these returns. Those returns,
then,were legally made. They show Hunt over-
whelmingly elected in the new district and in
the old district—elected by every possible view
of this case and in every aspect of it, provided
that was a good election at all or for anybody.
There was therefore absolutely and technic-
ally a literal compliance with the law in making
those returns. Not only was the law substan-
tially complied with, but the returns were made
by the enrolling officers in literal compliance
with the law. So that, according to the papers
you have referred to us of the Committee of
Elections, Mr. Menard was defeated. You sent
us those papers for us to examine, as wo sup-
posed, for doubtless you sent them to us for
some purpose. We examined them and found
by that examination that Mr. Menard was de-
feated. We bring those papers back to you
with that statement of what in our opinion
those papers proved. And now you say to us
that although you referred those papers to us
and told us to examine them and give you their
full import and effect, and although we have
done so and report to you that we have found
that Mr. Menard was defeated and that Gov-
ernor Warmoth simply omitted to read a cer-
tain law—when we say to you that there is no
doubt that Mr. Menard was overwhelmingly
defeated ; that there is no room for doubt or
hesitation or construction, yet you are called
upon here to vote upon a mere prima facie
title that the man who was overwhelmingly
defeated shall be sworn in as elected, and this
