942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
•of any money appropriated forpay of the Army,
three months pay proper' of a captain of in-
fantry. ' "
' Mr. RAUM. Mr.-'Speaker, this case is some-
what' peculiar1;' and'^Wt the House may under-
stand it,s merits I will make a: brief explan-
ation. : '
The House nill remember that at the close
of the war officers who served after the-.9th
• dHy of, April, 1365,were allowed .by^ct of Con-
gress three months'- extra pay,, that day being
.. iixed as the close of the war. It happened that
this man, by reason of, the expiration;of his
term o£ service, was mustered, out on the 9th
. of April,: 1865, and tinder a strict construction
of, the law, which uses the word '.'.aft<Zc," his
•application-for thia three, months' extra pay
was rejected by the pay department, as he hap-
■ pened not -to be in service on th'e-XOth day of
April.;' This roanwas a veteran soldier, was a
captain in the sixty-third Illinois volunteers,
and after, serving for four years was mustered
oat on the very day which the Congress.of the
.United States, declared to have been the close
-of the war. Officers in service after that day
■ were- entitled .under the law,-to-three months'
extra pay., The Committee on Military Affairs
think that this man clearly .comes within, the
provisions of that law, anu have directed me
to-' recommend the passage of a bill-giving him
three months' exitra pay. ,
' Mr. HARDING. 1 ask my colleague to-yield
to me? -
■ Mr. RAUM. Certainly.
Mr. HARDING. I desire to know whether
the Committee on Military Affairs has estab-
lished it as a,rule that those who do not come
within the technical provisions of that law
shall not have this relief of three months' extra
pay. I notice that the- cases which I referred
to that committee have been reported on ad-
versely because the petitioners had been mus-
tered oiut.a little .while prior to the 9th day of
April, 1866. For instance, a surgeon loses his
bounty and also his three months' extra pay
because he happened to be mustered out of
the service a few days before the 9th of April.
I should -like to know whether the Military
Committee has determined to refuse relief in
all such cases.
- Mr. CULLOM. So should I.
Mr. KAUM. The Committee on Military
Affairs, in construing the law of Congress
which declared the 9th of April, 1865, to have
been,the close of the war, has authorized the
payment of three months' extra pay to all
officers who were in the service at that time.
The committee think that a fair construction of
the law will give to this man three months' pay
because he served up to and including the 9th
of April, 1865. I have, by their direction,
therefore, reported a bill for his relief. I wish
to take the. sense of the House on this par-
ticular measure, letting other cases stand on
their own merits. . I now demand the previous
question,
Mr. CCJLLGM. I dohot see why all officers
of the Army should not have that three months'
extra pay, instead of having the law confined
rigorously to only such cases as come within
its provisions. ' , •
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
wasaccordinglyread the third time, and passed.
Mr. RAUM moved to reconsider the vote by
■which the bill was passed; and. also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
.Thelatter motion was agreed to.
BR. BENJAMIN MALONE.
Mr. RADM, from the same committee,
reported back House bill No. 431, for the relief
of Benjamin Malone, late additional paymaster
in the Army, with a substitute:
The substitute was read, as follows:
That Benjamin Malone,'late additional paymaster
United States Army, and tho securities on his official
bond as such paymaster arehar?by relieved f)-ojnJia-
i tho United States in the sum of $88,800, tho
bility to 1
^astte being "the amoant of funds belonging to the
United States of whieh said Benjamin Majone was
robbed in tho oity of Washington,on the 22d of Feb-
ruary, 1861, without fault or negli£enSe',on Ms part.
The report of the committee,was rea,d. It
appears from that report that atpong the most
important papers in the case are:- , ,-
. Fir.st. The affidavit of William P. Wood,
now chief of the secret service division ofrthe
Treasury-Department—at that time in the em-
ploy of the War Department—giving the results
of his investigations into the robbery
; Second. The confessions of Matthew Kinney*
and John W. Murphy, two of the robbers.
, Third. Judge < Advocate-. Turner's- official
report of the investigation made.November 4,
1865, a copy of whicV, marked A, hereto
appended.
The facts embodied in the several proofs
exhibited are corroborated and undisputed.
They are briefly summed up as follows:
■ 1. Dr. Malone himself was entirely innocent
of knowledge or participation in the wrong,
and his honorable character and standing are
conceded.
. 2. That he used every means in his power
to discover the robbers and recover the'money;
and after the, failure of the War Department,
through Colonel Baker, to succeed in its en-
deavors, -it was at- his.earnest solicitation that
other agents were employed, and Colonel Wood
succeeded in arresting most of the guilty parties.
.. 8. That the robbery was planned by Chris-
topher V. Hogan, who both before and,since
that time has been employed by the Treasury
Department, and at the very moment of the
robbery was a member of Colonel Baker's
detective force, and by John Dugan, then a
member of the Metropolitan police.
4. That one A1 BurLis, a professional burglar,
with Matthew Kinney and John W. Murphy,
carried off the funds. All except Burtis were
arrested and made confessions. Fifteen hun-
dred dollars of the money were actually recov-
ered, and Kinney offered to return the balance of
$15,000, which he had received as his share; but
on being taken to New York for the purpose was
permitted to escape. Burtis, it is said, offered
to return $40,00# of the money if the indict-
ment and proceedings against him should be
withdrawn, and he is now in the city of New
York. The guilty parties were, under orders,
turned over to the civil authorities for punish-
ment; yet strange to say, Hogan and Dugan
were released alter some nine months' im-
prisonment, and the indictments against the
others have not been pressed.
5. That Wood testifies that Major Malone
"adopted as good precautions as were ordi-
narily taken, and was made the victim of a con-
certed plan adopted by the most skillful bur-
glars ;" and it is evident that no precautions
short of a deposit in bank, which was not pos-
sible between the hours named, would have
prevented the robbery.
The' case is an extraordinary one. Sixty-
eight thousand eight hundred dollars were taken
from Dr. Malone, a Government officer, against
whom there is no charge of wrong, by officers
then in the Government employ. One of these
men from his position was enabled to learn
when a paymaster had drawn funds, the other
could stand guard as a policeman while their
subordinates did the robbery. That alone
should have great weight toward relieving an
innocent mau. But when added to it we find
the Government arresting the principals, re-
covering part of the money and offered-the
chance of obtaining most of it, yet allowing
money and offenders to slip from its grasp and
actually reemploying Hogan, the man who
planned the robbery, it is not too much to ask
that this paymaster and his sureties be relieved
as requested.
Mr. PRICE. I would like to make an in-
quiry 
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not see'any state-
ment in that report a3 to how he came to have
that money, and whether it was taken care of.
Mr. RAUM. If the gentlemen will allow me
I will state briefly the fact's of this case. I know
it is one of a class of cases that are always
looked-upon with suspicion. I am very free to
say I looked upon it with suspicion myself
when I was directed by the committee to invest-
igate theSubjeet; butafteravery careful invest-
igation of the Case I cameto the conclusion that
it-was proper that the relief should be granted.
Dr. Malone was one of the additional pay-
masters of the United States. Having made a,
payment of troops in the field he came to
Washington and put up-with his friend, Isaac
Newton, at .No. 401 C street, between Third
and Pour-and-a-half streets. He took a room
on the third floor of that building. On the
evening of February 22,1864, he drew from the
Treasury $68,800 for the purpose of proceeding
to make payments to certain troops which he
was directed to"pay"by the Paymaster General.
Hellas to start the next morning to make that
payment. His son was in company with him
and was his clerk. It appears from the state-
ment of gentlemen both in and'out of Con-
gress that both these individuals are'gentle-
men of high reputation for honor and honesty.
Having received quite a considerable portion
of the money in fractional currency, their time
was occupied in preparing it for use until about
twelve o'clock at night, whereupon they locked
all the money in their paymaster's chest and
pushed it under the bed. At some time after
midnight the room was entered and the chest
was taken out- and removed to aback building
in the yard, where it was broken open and the
contents carried off.
Now, these were the facts. Colonel Baker,
the detective, was put upon an investigation of
the case the next morning. It so happens that
a Mr. Hogan, one of his force whoworked up
the case, planned the robbery, and had access
to the Treasury Department when Dr. Malone
drew the money. This man Hogan had pro-
vided a professional burglar from, the city of
New York for the purpose of perpetrating such
a burglary as might result in the benefit of all
the parties concerned. The burglar's name
was Al. Burtis. He. with another man, went
to the house. They failed to effect an entrance
by the front door. They then went to the back
part of the building, climbed the fence, and
effected an entrance at the rear door by false
keys, &c. Having entered the house, Al. Burtis
went to this room on the third floor, opened the
door, went in, and committed the robbery. One
of the parties, in making a confession, said
they went prepared to assassinate both father
and son in the event of meeting with any re-
sistance. But Dr. Malone and his son, having
been up until twelve- o'clock at night, slept
soundly. The burglar withdrew the chest
from its place under the bed and carried it
down to the back building, where they broke
it open, took the money out, and went with it
down to Dyer's Hotel, where these two indi-
viduals were putting up. They had arranged
with some one here on Capitol Hill, who was
their confederate, with whom they were to leave
the money. Al. Burtis remained at Dyer's Ho-
tel until this other individual, his accomplice,
went to Capitol Hill for the purpose of getting
the third party. When they returned, Al. Burtis
drew the money out and it was carried up to
Capitol Hill, where a large portion of it was
left, and the parties to6k an 'early morning
train and went to New York.
Mr. Baker's force utterly failed to find out
anything about the burglary; but W. P. Wood,
a detective, was put on the track, and found
this man on Capitol Hill was spending quite
freely the new fractional funds. Taking that
as a hint, he pursued the investigation until at
last he was able to ferret out the whole thing
and arrest all the guilty parties except Al. Bur-
tis. Two of the parties were committed to jail
and kept there nine months. One was taken
in New York, where he was to disgorge a large
sum which was his share of the spoils, but by
some accident he was allowed to escape.
All these facts have been before the com-
mittee, who have given them a careful consid-
eration, and have come to the Conclusion that
Dr Malone was not only not "a- party to the
