1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MB
robbery, but is an honest man, and that it tfas
*not his fault that the robbery was committed.
He was not guilty of any negligence. lie Used
the oidinary care that any man would use under
similar circumstances. He drew the money in
the evening just, before the Treasury buildihg
closed. He preparedasmuch oftho fractional
currency us he could that night, and'went to
bed. He was to leave in the early morning
train and carry this box of money with him,
and between midnight and seven o'clock in the
morning Al. Burtis entered the building and
carried off the money. The committee are
thoroughly satisfied of all these facts, and they
recommend the passage of this bill for the re-
lief of Dr. Malone and his sureties.
Mr. PRICE. If the gentleman will allow
me a few minutes, I wish to say a few words.
Mr. RAUM. How much more of the morn-
ing hour is there left?
The SPEAKER. The committee have sev-
enteen minutes.
Mr.'EAUM. I will allow the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Price] two minutes.
Mr. PRICE. Two minutes to dig up and
unearth a $68,000 fraud I I undertake to say,
withoutfearofcontradiction upon thisfloor, that
a man who loses $68,000 which is in his charge
and comes into this House and asks to be re-
leased from liability for it on the plea that he
had to sit up till twelve o^clock at night to
count fraptional currency 
Mr. RAUM. Not count it, but cut it.
'Mr. PRICE. Well, cut it; such a man has
a very bad case, and we ought to have a little
more than two minutes to talk about, it.
Mr. RAUM. Well, I will give you three
minutes.
Mr. PRICE. Three minutes! If the gen-
tleman will fix it at thirteen minutes it will be
something like.
Mr. RAUM. Oh, no; I cannot.
Mr. .PRICE. Well, in three minutes I will
try and state to the House what my objections
to this bill are. Inthefirstplace, the fractional
currency is all prepared at the Treasury. The
five, ten, twenty-five, andfifty cent notes are all
put up in packages of five and ten'dollars, so
that this paymaster-had not any preparation of
this currency to make. There is the first lame
place in-the case. If the ground is taken that
this fractional currency was hot put up in
packages, as all the fractional currency that I
have ever heard of coming from the Treasury
Department has been, then I want to ask the
question how it came that this paymaster took
the fractional currency in sheets and went to
his room to cut it and count it at twelve o'clock
at night? But apart from all these things this
Government has gone about far enough, and a
little too far, in my opinion, in relieving men
from these liabilities who appear to have no
concern "when they get hold of Government
money whether t-hey are robbed of it or whether
they retain it, thinking that if they are robbed
of it they can come to Congress, as has been
done again and again, and by a simple act of'
Congress be relieved from all liability. Wheft
a man takes money from the Government and
when he takes the money of an individualit is
presumable that he is not only an honest man
but that he is a live, wide-awake, cautious
man, and will take care of it.
The SPEAKliR. The gentleman's three
minutes have expired.
Mr. PRICE. I must yield the floor, as a
matter, of course, but I protest against putting
this'bill" through' under the previous question,
and I hope the House will not do it.
Mr. RAUM. I yield now for two minutes
to the gentleman from Minnesota.
Mr. WINDOM. My only reason for asking
two minutes on this question is that I am per-
sonally acquainted with the principal facts
stated by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Raum.] At the time the robbery was com-
mitted my room adjoined the room of this pay-
master, or at least he <va's" on the next floor
above and back of my room. TitnoW'tliis pay-
master well and intimately; I believe that if
there ever was an honest' mSra -eoiinefcte£PwIth
the Army of the United State's it is Paymast^
Malone. Taking all the) circumstances into
consideration, T have not the slightest doubt
of the occurrence of this robbery. In fact the
.robbery was admitted by the men who were
arrested and were afterward permitted to es-
cape in consequence of, the failure of the offi-
cers of the Government to do their duty, ,
Lot me state" another circumstance. Early
in the morning, immediately after this robbery
was discovered, about daylight, an officer .en-
tered the house to make a -search. Yon must
suppose that there was considerable excite-
ment about that time. The very first man
who came into the house to make that search
was one of the accomplices in this robbery,
who was at that time acting in the Govern-
ment employ. The Secretary of War, how-
ever, would not permit Paymaster Malone to
employ his own detectives in order to arrest
these thieves. . But instead of that they im-
mediately put Paymaster Malone himself under
arrest and kept him and his son in custody for
two or three days and took charge of the mat-
ter themselves with their own officers. If there
was no arrest, I claim it was the fault of the
officer.
Mr. PRICE. . Will the gentleman yield to
me for a.qucstion ?
Mr. WINDOM. I have but a few moments
left.
Mr. PRICE. Could not this paymaster have
had a guard if he had demanded it ? and if he
failed to demand that guard, was he not at
fault in that respect?
Mr. WINDOM. That was one of the cir-
cumstances examined by the committee.^ I
believe that it was not customary at that time
to do that. I do not know what the rules are;
I leave that to the Military Committee; I sim-
ply speak of tbe circumstances existing at the
time so far as I know them. I say this Gov-
ernment having taken this matter immediately
out of the hands of Paymaster Malone, hav-
ing put him under arrest, and afterward hav-
ing arrested the thieves who committed the
robbery, and permitted them to cscape after
they had admitted that fact, should not now
hold this paymaster to the  trictest technical
accountability.
Mr. RAUM. I now yield to the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. lawx'.exce] for three minutes.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I have no per-
sonal knowledge of this paymaster, or the cir-
cumstances of his alleged robbery. But I call
the attention of this House to the character of
this bill, and the precedent that we will set if
we pass it. By the common law an officer
cannot relieve himself of responsibility for
moneys stolen even upon proof of the lareeny.
The reason of thatrule is well understood. Its
object is to exact of officers the greatest possi-
ble vigilance, and to prevent them from con-
niving with robbers to steal the public money.
We are here called upon to reverse this rule
of the common law in favor of an officer of the
Government who took §68,000 and went tp
bed and slept without fastening his doors suffi-
ciently to keep the. burglars out, and without
placing any guard over this public money. If
his room had been properly secured it could not
have been entered without arousing the occu-
pants. This officer had a right to demand of
the War Department a proper guard, and this
he seems to have neglected. If he had slept
at a hotel he could have deposited the money
in a safe, and thus had protection so far as
that could give it. I undertake to say so far
as now appears that no man of ordinary pru-
dence would be so careless as this paymaster
seems to have been while in charge of this
public money. It seems to me there is no
sufficient evidence of the amount of .money
lost—not even the affidavit of the paymaster.
I think this man has made no cas<e which enti-
tles him to relief at our hands. - I am opposed
to this bill, both on principle and because I
think the facts disclosed in this particular case
do not sufficiently appeal to the conscienfees
of this House to authorize us to patss" it.'
- -Sir. RAVM'. ' I -have-but a word more to say.
Mr. HAWKINS. Will the gentleman yield
to me?
' Mr. RAUM. No, sir; I have but little time
left. 'I knowthat this class of caSes are always
looked upon with distrust: I know what th'e
common law is; and it is to r«lax the cona-
toon law that this bill has been reportedby
the Military Committee. ; *
Mr. MILLER. Will the gentleman yield tp
me for il moment?
Mr. RAUM. Very well.
Mr. MILLER. WTiat ainount does this bill
propose to pay ?
Mr..RAUM. It does not propose to -pay
anything. It proposes to release him from
liability to the extent of the arponnt of money
of which he was robbed.
Mr. MILLER. How much was that 1 ,
Mr. RAUM. It was $68,800. Gentlemen
have informed the House that this paymaster
has acted carelessly, and my friend frotnJo«pa
£Mr. Price] has said that one evidence of
fraud is that it is stated in the report tliat. th^s
money was in sheets. \^hy,sir, I have seep
"soldiers paid with fractional currency in sheeta.
It was a common thing in the Army in 1864 to
pay soldiers in fractional currency in sheets.
Mr. PRICE. Was this money in sheets?
Mr. RAUM. Yes, sir. _ . _ ;
Mr. PRICE. Another question: will tlie
gentleman tell us why this paymaster did not
draw this money in the morning when it was
needed, instead of drawing it the night before.?
Mr. RAUM. Why, sir, this paymaster acted
the part of. a prudent man. lie wast.to leave
in the early morning train, and lie drejv t|j£
money at the last possible moment the evening
before. He drew it just about, the time; •fye
Treasury Department was closing; and but
for the fact that the Treasury Department htifl
a thief in its employment as a detective of
thieves no man in the city of )Vashingt0Ji
besides the Treasurer, Paymaster Malone, and
his son would have known that the money had
been drawn. But the man Hogan was itching
for an opportunity ; and when he found that
Paymaster Malone had drawn this money h.e
set his man Al. Burtis, a professional English
burglar, upon his track, and the result was
this robbery. I think that the principle of tbe
common law should be relaxed in this case,
and that this bill for the relief of Paymaster
Malone'should be passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would like the gentle-
man to state whether this paymaster applied
to the military authorities for a guard.
Mr. RAUM. I am not able to say whether
he did or not.
Mr. BENJAMIN. One other question._ Did
the gentleman during his military experience
know any eases of paymasters havi,rig^ large
amounts of money in their'possessiori without
having a guard?
Mr. RAUM. "Well, sir, my military ex-
perience was in the field, and I know not what
the usage of paymasters was here in the city
of Washington. I know that paymasters com-
ing to our headquarters had a tent, and, as a
matter of course, were under the protection of
the guard connected with headquarters. I call
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The question is first upon
the motion of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Peice,] that the hill be laid on the table.
On the motion there were—ayes 54, noes 42;
no quorum voting.
Mr. GARFIELD. I suggest to my colleague
on the committee [Mr. Raum.] that, as the com-
mittee have other important measures, and as
this bill seems likely to consume time, he had
better consent that it be referred t,o the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
Mr. RAUM. I will consent to that.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the bill will be referred to the Committee of
.the Whole on the Private Calendar.
There was no objection.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate-, hy Mr; HamliS,
one of its clerksj announced that the Senate
