1690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February -2ft,
Mr. PAINE. I did not know he had left
the committee; I Isaew that he had served on
the eomiDittee.
The first question reeurred on the following
resolution, made by Mr. Kerr :
Jteaolved, That Caleb S. Hunt is entitled to a. seat
in this Mouse as Representative of the second con-
gresaional district of Louisiana, in place of James
Mann, deceased.
Mr. KERR demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 41, nays 137, not voting
44 ; as follows :
YJEJAS—Messrs. Archer, Baiter. Barnes, Barnum,
Beek,Boyer, Burr, Cary,ChanIer, Eldridge, Fox, Getz,
Glos&breuner, Goiladay, Grover. Haight, Hoiman,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hum-
phrey, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott,
Marshall, McCormick, McCullough, Mungen, Nib-
laek, Nicholson, Phelps, Pruyn, Randall, Ross, Stone,
Taber, Van Auken, Van Trump, Wood, Woodward,
and Y oung—41.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Arnell, Delos
R.Ashley. JamesM. Ashley Bailey, Baldwin, Banks,
Beaman, Beatty .Benton, Bingham, Blackburn, Blair,
Boles, Boutwell.Boyden.BromwelUBroomall,Buck-
land, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler. Roderick R.
Butler, Cake, Cailis, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Clift,
Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Corley, Cornell, Covode, Cullom,
Dawes, Daweese, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery, Dodge,
Donnelly. Eekley, Eggleston, Ela, Thomas D..Eliot,
James T. Elliott, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields,
Freneh, Garfield, Goss, Gove, Gravely, Hamilton,
Harding, Haughey, Hawkins, Heaton, Higby, Hill,
Hopkins, Hufburd, Hunter. Ingersoll, Jenekes,
Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey,
Kctcham. Kitchen, Koontz, Lash, George Y. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan, Mallory,
Marvin. Maynard, McCarthy, McKee, Mercur, Mil-
ler, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins, Myers, Ncw-
couib,Norris,O'Neill,Paine, Perham, Peteis, Pierce,
Pike, Plants, Pomeroy. Price, Prince, Raum, Robert-
son, Roots, Sawyer, Sehenck, Seofield,Selye, Shanks,
Shelld.barger, Smith, Spaldinc, Starkweather, Ste-
vens, Stokes, Stover, Taylor, Thomas, John Trimble,
Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Robert
T.Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, Whittcrnore, Thomas
"Williams, William Williams. John T. "Wilson, and
Windom—137.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Axtell, Ben-
jamin, Blame, Bowen, Brooks, Header W. Clarke,
Delano, Driggs, Edwards, Giiswold. lialsey. Hooper,
Hotchkiss.ChesterD.Hubbard, Kellogg, Lafhn, Loan,
Loughridge, Lynch. Moirissey, Newsham,Nunn,Or;h,
Pettis, Pile, Poland, Polsley, Robinson, Sitgreaves,
Stewart, Sypher, Taffe, Tilt, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Van Aernam, Van Wyck.Vidal, El ill u B. Wash bum e,
Henry D. Washburn. James F. Wilson, Stephen F.
Wilson, and Woodbridge—44.
So the resolution was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
offered by Mr. Paine to the amendment offered
by Mr. Poland.
The amendment of Mr. Poland was read,
as follows:
Betolved, That the report and resolutions of the
Committee of Elections upon the contested election
in the second congressional district in Louisiana be
recommitted to said committee, with directions to
take testimony in reference to the validity of the
election in said district held on the 3d day of No-
vember, 1868, and especially as to any improper or
unlawful means used to prevent a fair and free
election.
The question was on agreeing to the amend-
ment of' Mr. Paine to the foregoing, as follows:
Provided, That J.Willis Menard, holding a certifi-
cate from the Governor of the State of Louisiana
that he was duly elected as a Representative from the
second district of that State, be admitted to a seat
in this House pending the consideration of the case.
Mr. PAINE. I demand the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken : and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 57, nays 130, not voting
35; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley. Baldwin. Beatty, Benton, Broomall, Buckley,
Benjamin F. Butler, Cailis, Sidney Clarke, Clift,Cobb,
Corley, Cullom, Dickey, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs,
Eggleston, Ela, Thomas D. Eliot, French, Garfield,
Gravely, Hamilton, Harding, Ha.ughey.Higby,Inger-
soll. Julian. Kelley, Kellogg. Kelsey, Maynard,
McCarthy, McKee, Mullins, Newcomb, Norris,Nunn,
Orth, Paine, Peters, Pierce, Pike, Pile, Pomeroy,
Prioc, Sehenck, Shanks.Stokes, PtobertT.Van Horn,
Welker, Whittemcre, Thomas Williams, and Win-
dom—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Arnell. Delos R. Ashley,
Bailey, Baker, Banks, Barnes, Barnum, Beoman,
B"ck, Benjamin, Bingham, Blackburn, Blair, Boles,
lioutweli, Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks, Buckland, Burr,
Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Cary, Chanler,Churchill,
Coburn, Cook, Cornell, .Covode, Dawes, Deweese,
Dtxon, Dockery, Eckley, Eldridge, James T. Elliott,
Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry. Fields. Fox; Getz. Gloss-
brenner, Goiladay, Goss, Griswold, Grover, Haight,
Hawkins, Hill, Hoiman., Roopfer, Hopkins, Hoteh-
kiss, Chester D. Hubbard,Richard D. Hubbard-, Hul-
burd, Humphrey, Hunter, Jenekes, Johnson, Alex-
ander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Kerr,
Ketcham. Kitchen, Knott, Koontz, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan, Lynch,
Mallory, Marshall, Marvin, McCoimick, McCul-
lough, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell,
Mungen, Myers, Niblack, Nicholson, O'Neill, Per-
ham, Phelps, Plants, Poland, Prince, Pruyn, Ran-
dall, Raum, Robertson, Robinson, Ross, Sawyer,
Scolield, Shcllabarger, Smith, Spalding, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stewart, Stone, Stover, Taber,
Taylor, Thomas, John Trimble, Trowbridge,Twich-
ell, Upson, Van Aernam, Van Auken, Burt Van
Horn, Van Trump, CadwaladerC. Washburn, Hf>nry
D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, William Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, Wood, Woodward, and
Young—130.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Axtell,
Blaine, Bowen, Boyden, Reader W. Clarke, Delano,
Edwards, Gove. Halsey. Heaton, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Laflin, Lash, Loan, Loughridge, Morrissey,
Newsham, Pettis, Polsley, Roots, Selye, Sitgreaves,
Sypher, Taffe, Tift, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van
Wyck, Vidal, Ward, Kiihu B. Washburne, John T.
Wilson, Stephen F.Wilson, and Woodbridge—35.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to lay the whole
subject on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Stokes
for to night on account of sickness; and to
Mr. Kelley on account of sickness in his family.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, hy Mr. Gotiham,
its Secretary, informed the House that that
body bad passed severally with amendments,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested, bills and a joint resolution of the
House of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 1973) in reference to
certifying checks by national banks ;
An act (Ii. R. No. 18dl) regulating the reports
of national banking associations;
An act (H R. No. 127G) for the sale of the
Hot Springs reservation in Arkansas; and
A joint resolution (II. It. No. 211) for the
relief of Henry J. Gibbons, late postmaster at
St. Johns, Michigan.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment an act
(H. R'. No. 1204) to confirm certain private
land claims in the State of Missouri.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill and
a joint resolution of the following titles, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested:
An act (S. No. 958) for the relief of Blanton
Duncan ; and
Joint resolution (S. No. 165) authorizing
the Commissioner of Tudian Affairs to appoint
guardians or trustees for minor Indian children
who may be entitled to pensions or bounties
under the existing laws.
pay of contestants.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Clerk be, and is hereby, directed
to pay, under the sanction of the Committee on
Accounts, the sum of $2,500 each to Simon Jones and
J. Willis Menard, in full frr timespentand expenses
incurred m contesting the right to a seat in this
House as a Representative from Louisiana.
Mr. KERR. Will the gentleman allow it to
be amended by inserting the name of Caleb B.
Hunt?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman may offer that
as an amendment.
Mr. KERR. I move as an amendment to
insert that name.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Chanler] desires to make a per-
sonal explanation, and I yield to him.
PMtSOVAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. CHANLER. With the permission of
the Hoase, my object in rising at this moment
is to refer to what took place at the beginning
of the debate on the election case which the
House has just disposed of. There was a dif-
ference of opinion between the Chair and my-
self in regard to a certain record, and 'that
difference of opinion has given rise to an asser-
tion on the part of the Chair which I think
requires some notice from myself. That there
may be no mistake I shall read what I have to
say, having drawn it up during the debate on
this question. If any errors have occurred,
they have not arisen from any improper motive
on my part. But what I am about to say is
for the purpose of preventing difficulties among
gentlemen on this floor which must arise unless
this question of veracity between members is
settled and the manner of ruling is fixed by
the House itself.
The following statement of facts, copied
from the Congressional Globe report of the
debates of Congress, refers to the difference
which has arisen between the Speaker and my-
self in regard to his ruling as Speaker of the
House of Representatives on May 1, 1868, and
February 4, 1869.
Mr. Speaker, meaning no disrespect to
yourself personally, but as I understand my
rights as a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives, believing that I have in common with
all other Representatives on this floor a right
to question the ruling of its Presiding Officer
by reference to his acts as chosen officer for
maintenance of order and for the protection
of the rights of its individual members, I did,
on this 27th February', in the assertion made
by the Chair that the member from Michigan
[Mr. Upson] " should be protected by the
Chair," or words to that effect declare, " that
I had no doubt that the Speaker would do so
as the gentleman belonged to the majority party
here," as the Speaker had on a previous occa-
sion ruled to protect a member on that side of
the House from a charge against that member's
veracity made by members of the minority side.
But when a member of the majority made a sim-
ilar charge against one of the members of the
minority the Speaker ruled directly opposite,
ruling the following words of the member were
in order, namely: "That is not true, and he
knows it." The words of the Speaker on that
occasion—May 1, 1868—were as follows:
" The Chair thinks that those words are not unpar-
liamentary. If the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] had made use of opprobrious word& some-
times used, but which the Chair will not repeat, he
would have been out of order. But any gentleman
has a right to say a proposition is not true, and
possibly that the one making it knew it was not
true. The Chair thinks the words used may be
severe, but they are nnt offensive in ihat sense in
which it is forbidden to members to use offensive
language toward theirfellow-members, and did not
seem to be uttered in an offensive tone."
By this ruling it is clear that a certain large
license of offensive language is permitted by
which one member can charge a fellow-member
with uttering an untruth with a knowledge of
the untruth, and go on without check or rebuke
from the Chair. On a subsequent occasion, in
a debute upon an appropriation bill then before
the House, a Delegate from one of the Terri-
tories was ruled out of order by the Speaker
for using similar language in debate. The
words having been reduced to writing, were
read by the Clerk as follows:
"And after the gentleman having charge of this
bill saw fit to silence Delegates here by raising points
of order, and making assertions which be knew at
the time he made them to be unqualifiedly false —
"The Speaker. The Chair rulesthat thesewords
are out of order both as being unparliamentary and
as b*ing indecorous.
"Where a member states that what another member
has said is not true that i3 not unparliamentary, be-
cause it is possible that the member may have been
mistaken. But when a gentleman states thatamem-
ber on this floor has declared that which he knew to
be unqualifiedly false, that is the most insulting lan-
guage'thatcan be uttered in a parliamentary body."
Mr. Speaker, at this time f refrain from crit-
icising the casuistry which distinguishes the
ruling in the first case from the ruling in the
second. 1 claim the right as a member of this
body to say that the ruling of the Speaker in
these two cases is contradictory and unfounded
on any parliamentary practice in this country.
Further, I demand the right to point out to the
presiding officer of this House, so long as I re-
main a member here, any error of judgment
