1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
045
of "that State;-Which was referredto the Com-
mittee- on Reconstruction.
west virginia central railroad.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a joint resolution of the Legislature of West
Virginia, asking Congress to make a,donation
of land to the West Virginia Central railroad ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
assault os a witness.
Mr. EL A. I ask unanimous consent to make
a statement in the nature of a privileged one.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot rule
whether it is a privileged question until the
gentleman announces his subject.
Mr. ELA. It is about an assault on a wit-
ness. I ask unanimous consent to occupy ten
minutes.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection ? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. ELA. The statement which I wish to
make is this: one of the witnesses before
the Committee on Printing, in the recent in-
vestigation into contracts for the supply of the
Interior Department by Dempsey & O-'Toole,
in addition to his evidence before the commit-
tee made a statement to his superior, the
Commissioner of Patents, which was among
the papers on fiie among the evidence. The
witness was called upon yesterday by one of
these contracting parties and his attention was
called to the matter. He had derived his knowl-
edge of it from the courtesy of tlie committee,
who allowed these contractors fall access to
all the testimony on file in order that they
might make any defense or explanation or
statement which they might think proper. One
of these contractors, I say, went to the witness
and asked him if he had made that statement,
and upon the witness replying that he had, he
made an assault upon him with a loaded whip
in the Patent Office building. Now, it seems
to me that if this House cannot protect any-
body who appears before it as a witness, or
who shall make any statement to his superior
officer for the protection of the Government
from the plunder of men who if they are not
thieves are bat little better than thieves, it is
no use to make investigations on the part of
this House or anywhere else.
Now, sir, I propose to introduce a joint res-
olution for the action of Congress. I am some-
what in doubt as to whether it ought to be
referred to the Military Committee or to the
Judiciary Committee, as it relates, perhaps, to
both fighting and law. But these same parties
have attempted, not only in this case but in
other cases, to intimidate those investigating
into their matters; for I undertake to say here
that men connected with that or other rings
have been to correspondents of the press and
attempted t,o secure statements that would tend
to stifle investigation. They have secured to
be published and sent abroad to the country
statements that Commissioner Foote, for his
attempts to put down the frauds existing in his
department, is to be brought before the Cab-
inet and removed. This combination having
existed or developed itself in a way, perhaps,
not to be presented here by distinct evidence,
but, nevertheless, entitled to belief, under
these circumstances we ought, in the first
place, to protect our witnesses, and in the sec-
ond place, having proved to the satisfaction
of this House that most gross and enormous
frauds have been practiced in the supplies
under contracts with the Interior Department-—
and-I have evidence here upon my desk of sim-
ilar frauds practiced in the supply of the Post
Office Department, which 1 will not undertake
to call witnesses to prove if they are to be as-
saulted in this way—that those contracts ought
to be rescinded and contracts given to a differ-
ent class of men. I have in my hand a sam-
ple of the paper which is furnished by this same
firm in the shape of wrapping-paper for the
Post Office Department. It comes to me from
an ex-member of this House, and he tells me
that the statements here made can be implicitly
relied on.. He says that the paper which they
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 60.
furnish to the Chicago office is two pounds
under its proper weight and of very fair qual-
ity, while that furnished to the Boston office,
obtained on the 26th x>f last December, was of
very inferior quality, but of full weiglit; that
furnished to the Manchester office was three
pounds to the ream under weight and of very
inferior quality, and that the sample of paper
furnished to the Worcester oftice is of the same
character. For these reasons I ask that this
joint resolution may be received and referred
to the appropriate committee ; perhaps the
Judiciary Committee would be better than any
other.
Mr. WARD. I would ask the gentleman if
in all his investigations into what he chooses to
term the " frauds" of these gentlemen, Demp-
sey and O'Toole, he has investigated the paper
contracts of Philp & Solomon, a concern in this
city who have been furnishing other Depart-
ments at the same figure?
Mr. ELA. I have not had occasion to do it.
Mr. WARD. Well, I think the committee
had better look into those contracts also.
Mr. ELA. It will be done whenever the
House orders an investigation.
Mr. WARD. I will take the earliest oppor-
tunity to call the attention of the committee to
the subject.
Mr. ELA. I ask unanimous consent to in-
troduce the preamble and resolution which I
send to the Clerk's desk.
The preamble states that William H. Demp-
sey, of the firm of Dempsey & O'Toole, made
a most brutal and cowardly assault on Friday,
February 5, in the Patent Office building, with
a loaded stick, upon Samuel A. Duncan, a wit-
ness in the recent investigation of their contract
with the Interior Department, for evidence
given or for a statement contained in papers on
file with the Committee on Printing, making it
manifestly unsafe for a witness to testify against
them. It further states that it has been proved
that there is dishonesty in the furnishing of
supplies by these parties to the Department of
the Interior, and there is reason to believe that
they have practiced frauds in their supplies to
the Post Office Department. The joint resolu-
tion directs the Postmaster (Seneral and the
other heads of Departments to rescind and
annul any and all contracts for supplies for each
or any of the Departments or bureaus thereof
existing with the firm of Dempsey & O'Toole,
of Washington, District of Columbia.
Mr. ELA. I ask that this preamble and
joint resolution be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, with leave to report at any
time.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not know that I would
object to the reference of this joint resolution,
but I certainly object to any sanction of the
House to rescinding contracts.
Mr. KERR. I object to it because the evi-
dence referred to in the preamble of the reso-
lution is not before the House.
Mr. ELA. Very well; I will give notice that
on Monday next 1 will again bring this matter
before the House.
TREATMENT OF PRISONERS.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
Resolved, That the resolution of tile House author-
izing the special Committee on the Treatment of
Prisoners of War a,nd Union Citizens be revived to
enable thorn to report. But thisresolution shall not
authorize any farther expense for witnesses.
CIRCUIT COURT IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. ROOTS. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table a bill of
the Senate providing for an additional term of
the United States circuit court for the eastern
district of Arkansas. It is a matter of much
local importance, and has the unanimous ap-
probation of the entire Arkansas delegation.
No objection was made, and accordingly
Senate bill No. 766, to give an additional term
of the United States circuit court for the east-
ern district of Arkansas, was taken from the
table, and read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill 4o
be read a1 third time. •
The bill, which was read, provides that in-
stead of one term a year, as noW prescribed by
law, the circuit court of the United States for
the eastern district of Arkansas shall hereafter
be held on the second Mondays of April and
October in each year, and that this act shall be
in force from and after its passage.
The bill was then read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. ROOTS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsidef be laid on the
table
The latter motion was agreed to,
E. D HARMON.
Mr. RANDALL, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial of E. D. Harmon, of Phila-
delphia, Pennsylvania, for a pension; which
was referred to' the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
Mr, RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the memorial was referred ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC DEBT.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, bjr unani-
mous consent, reported from the Committee of
Ways and Means a bill (H. R. No. 1880) to
prohibit the further increase of the public
debt, and for other purposes ; which was read
a first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and recommitted to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would like to have the
bill read.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to enter a motion to reconsider the vote by
which this bill has been recommitted.
Mr. HOLMAN. Very well; let the bill be
read ; 1 will not object at present.
The bill was read. The first section repeals
so much of any existing law as authorizes the
issue of bonds by the Secretary of the Treas
ury except for subsidies to railroad companies
now authorized by law, provided that this act
shall not affect any authority for the transfer
of bonds or for the exchange of .mutilated or
defaced bonds, and that the Secretary of the
Treasury mayissue,upon such terms and under
such regulations as he may from time to time
prescribe, registered bonds in exchange for
coupon bonds which have been or may here-
after be lawfully issued ; such bonds to be sim-
ilar in ail respects to the bonds issued under
the acts authorizing the issue of the bonds
offered to be exchanged.
The second section provides that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall publish monthly a
statement of the public debt as it existed at the
close of the preceding month, in which state-
ment the United States bonds shall be classed
as the funded debt, the United States notes and
fractional notes issued for circulation as money
shall be classed as the currency debt; the three
per cent, certificates shall be classed as the
temporary loan debt, and the debt that is past
due or that will become due with the fiscal year,
stating the same in detail, shall be classed as
the matured debt, and the interest on such
matured debt shall be paid as it becomes due.
The statements are also to contain the amount
outstanding of subsidy bonds issued to railroad
companies, the Navy pension fund, and any
other recorded obligations of the Treasury ; the
amount outstanding of gold certificates, and
the amount of coin and of currency notes in
the Treasury,
The third section provides that from and after
the passage of this act no percentage, deduction,
commission, or compensation of any amount
or kind shall be allowed to any person for the
sale, negotiation, or exchange of any bonds or
securities of the United States, or of any coin
or bullion disposed of at the Treasury Depart-
ment or elsewhere on account of the United
States, and all acts and parts of acts authoriz-
