1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1697
or ruling, pro and contra, affecting the debate
or public business here.
Mr. DICKEY, i rise to a point of order.
Mr. "WOOD. My colleague has unanimous
consent to proceed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would askthe
gentleman from Pennsylvania, as a personal
favor to himself, not to interrupt the gentle-
man upon the floor in the persoual explana-
tion for which he obtained the consent of the
House.
Mr. DICKEY. I do not wish to interrupt
him in any personal explanation, but I raise
the question of order whether it is in order
for him to go back to the entire history of the
Speaker of this House and to what occurred
here before many of us came here?
Mr. WOOD. He had unanimous consent
to make a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER,. The Cliair hopesthegen-
tleman fiom Pennsylvania will not insist on
the point, of order.
Mr. DICKEY. At the request of the
Speaker I withdraw it.
Mr. CHANLER, (resuming.) The Chair
seems to think that such exercise of the right
of a member to protest against and criticise
its action is disrespectful to himself person-
ally, and calls for the use of language by him
which, although in his opinion parliamentary,
is in my opinion both unparliamentary and
indecorous. From the Speaker's expressed
opinion of the latitude allowed in debate and
between membeis here, I am debarred from
supposing that he meant any offense in charg-
ing that what I said was untrue, as I am
imormed by a feliow-member he directly did
on the occasion referred to, and as the Globe
report will show. Among men outside of this
House, quite as capable as any one here of
fixing the limits and proprieties of language in
this House or elsewhere, such language would
have been and will always be considered
unparliamentary and indecorous without some
qualification, and if uttered outside of this
House would be answered by a blow.
X will now read, in justification of what I
have said, the report of what occurred this
morning, which has been furnished me by the
reporters for the Globe. What I have said I
have said in defeuse of the privileges of a
Representative on this floor, and I now declare
to the Speaker, as I did at the commencement
of my remaiks, that I have no motive what-
ever to utter anything discourteous to himself
or which could impute any wrong motive to
him, but simply to discuss with him briefly
what he knows I had discussed with him pri-
vately at his desk. The effort may have been
ill-timed, but the motive was not to give
offense to him. I read from the notes of the
reporters for the Globe:
"Mr. Chanler. Oneword ri^lit here 
"Air. Upso.v. I do not yield to the gentleman.
"Mr. Chaxler. X only wish to say 
" The Speaker.^ The gentleman from Michigan
[Mr Upsonj declines to yield, and is entitled to be
protected against interruption.
" Air. CiiANLBit. Of course; protection is always
extended on that side.
"The Spkaker. The remark of the gentleman
from New Yoik is not just to the Chair, for the !
Cliair has protected himfioin interruption when he
has declined to yield.
"Mr. Chanler. When questions of veracity have
been raised hero I have appealed from the decision
of the Chair when (hat side has been protected and
this side punished."
A Democrat, a Delegate upon this side of the
House, was brought to the bar of the House
and rebuked.
"The Spkaker. The remarks of the gentleman
from New Yorn are not respectful to the Chair; nor
are they true.
" Mr. Ouanlek. Very well; let it be decided by
the record.
With that I leave the subject.
The SPEAKER. The House has heard the
" personal explanation" of the gentleman from
New York, for which he obtained unanimous
consent. As they have seen, it was, instead of
a personal explanation, an attack upon the
Chair. He asks an opportunity for five min-
utes to reply. Xs there objection?
No objection was made.
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 107.
The SPEAKER. The report which has been
read by the gentleman from New York just
before he took his seat, of the occurrences of
this morning, shows that that gentleman, when
the Chair was endeavoring to protect the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Upson*] against
his interruptions contrary to the rules of the
House, while he was persisting in the inter-
ruptions, he made a remark to the Chair which
the Chair replied was not just in regard to the
rulings of the Chair previously. His language
in reply, as it fell upon the ear of the Speaker,
was: ''Upon questions of veracity with the
Chair I would appeal to the decision of the
House." That was the language of the mem-
ber, as it fell upon the ear of the Speaker,
who regarded it as a reflection upon his vera-
acity, and as intended to be a reflection upon
his veracity as the previous remark had obvi-
ously been intended to be a reflection upon
his impartiality. The Speaker replied: '-The
language is not respectful to the Chair, nor is
it true."
As regards the threat contained in the re-
marks of the gentleman from New York, or
what would seem to be the threat implied in
them, if he made the remarks which the Chair
understood him to make, the Chair is com-
pelled to say t'lat he made the only response
which it became a gentleman to make to such
remarks.
The gentleman now cites the decisions of
the Chair on two previous occasions. With-
out referring to the record of those decisions,
the Chair is so satisfied that the members of
this House will bear testimony to the correct-
ness of his decisions in- both of those cases
that he is wiliing to submit the question even
to the political associates of the member who
now arraigns him.
When the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Loga.v] was on the floor some time since
engaged in discussing a subject then before
the House, in the rapidity which always char-
acterizes his remarks he said, in speaking of
some gentleman—not showing any acerbity of
feeling at all, or any intention to be personally
offensive to him—"The remark is not true,
and he knows it." For that remark he was
called to order by the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Eldridge.] The very moment he
was called to order he said—and the report as
published in the Globe will show such to have
been the fuct—"I intended to say it is not
true, and he ought to know it." He qualified
his remark on the instant, showing that it was
not an intentional reflection upon the veracity-
of the person to whom he was alluding. He
was speaking rapidly at the time, and without
;< tiy bitterness in tone or manner; andthegen-
th-raan from Wisconsin will bear testimony,
although the Chair has never spoken to him
on the subject, that the statement of the Chair
is correct: because the record of the debate
shows that when the gentleman from Wisconsin
called upon the Chair to rule upon the words
used, the gentleman from Illinois twice stated,
once immediately upon being called to order,
and again after a colloquy between the gentle-
man from Wisconsin ana the Chair, that what
he intended to say was that "he ought to know
it was not true."
The Chair then ruled as quoted by the gen-
tleman 1'iom New York, that the language used
by the gentleman from Illinois did not seem to
the Chair to be offensive; that the offensive
tone has a great deal to do in giving character
to the language used, and the prompt explana-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois—this was
not said by the Chair at the time he ruled upon
hislanguage, buthe hadit in mind—theprompt
explanation of the gentleman from Illinois,
saying that he did not mean to say that the
person to whom he alluded knew the statement
was not true, but that he ought to know it was
not true, thus relieving the language of all ap-
pearance of offensiveness, induced the Chair
to say that the language of the gentleman from
Illinois was not to be regarded as offensive.
And no appeal was taking from that ruling of
the Chair.
j In the other case quoted, that of the Dele-
i gate from Idaho, he was speaking in the
!! time of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
i [Mr. Butler,] and he had just before used the
, precise words for which, when used the second
i time, he was called to order by the Chair. The
Delegate said that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts had sought to silence the Delegates by
points of order, and had made statements which
he. the gentleman from Massachusetts, knew at
the time he made them to be unqualifiedly false.
The Chair suffered the remark of the Dele-
gate to pass in the first instance, because he
could not catch his precise language. But
within one minute afterward he repeated it
again, and refused to retract it. saying that he
stood by it. The Chair now leaves it, not to his
political associates, not to those who have
placed him in this position, but he leaves it
fearlessly to the political associates of the mem-
ber who arraigns him, to decide whether there
is not the widest possible contrast between the
two cases which the gentleman from New York
has cited and collocated, for the purpose of
attacking for the second time upon the same
day the Presiding Officer of the House of which
he is a member.
PAY OF CONTESTANTS AGAINT.
The SPEAKER. The House now resumes
the consideration of the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] rela-
tive to the pay of the applicants for the seat as
Representative from the second congressional
district of Louisiana. The question is now
upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] to that resolution.
. Mr. DAWES. I accept the amendment as
a modification of the resolution.
The question being on agreeing to the reso-
lution as modified,
Mr. HOLM AN. I call for a division on that
question.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to post-
poning the time for taking the recess till this
question is disposed of?
Mr. WOOD. I object.
The SPEAKER. The hour for the recess
having arrived, this question will go over till
Monday next after the morning hour. The
House now takes a recess till half past seven
o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House resumed its session at half past
seven o'clock p. m.
PURCHASE ALASKA.
Mr. HULBURD. I present a report from
the Committee on Public Expenditures in re-
gard to the alleged corruption in the passage
of the bill for the purchase of Alaska. The
committee was authorized to report on this
subject at any time. I am instructed by the
committee to submit tho evidence, together
with two reports, the members of the commit-
tee not being aereed with reference to details.
The SPEAKER. Which gentleman of the
committee makes the report of the minority ?
Mr. HULBURD. It is not exactly a minority
report. The members of the committee con-
cur in the report as prepared by the chairman:
but four of them wish to submit something
additional, and have signed a minute to that
The SPEAKER. The two reports will be
laid on the table and printed.
EXIIOLLED MWg SIGNED.
Mr. HOLMAN, froJfeH €emmittee on
Enrolled Bills, reportMjpat the committee
had examined and foui^pte|ly enrolled a bill
(H. R. No. 1204) to cotqftp certain private
land claims in the State of Kfssouri; when the
Speaker signed the same, '
DrSBCRSMIKNTS FOH^STATIONERY.
Mr. BROOMALL, by^animous consent,
submitted from the Committee on Accounts a
report, in pursuance of the resolution directing
the committee to inquire into the disburse-
ments of the contingent fund far stationary;
