9W
TIP CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
irjg or permitting, by construction or otherwise,
the Secretary of the Treasury to appoint any
agent, other than some proper officer of his
Department, tp make such sale or negotiation
of bonds and securities are repealed.
The fourth' section provides that after the
passage .of this, act'all exchange, purchases, or
sales of the bonds of the L nited States that may
be authorized f>y law'{shall bemade by inviting
the competition .of the public by advertising
for proposals for any such exchange, pur-
chases, or sales, which shall be awarded pub-
licly to the "best bidder or bidders, the Secre-
tary of the'tr'aftsury reserving the right to
reject any such bids should he deem it for the
public interest to do so.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
the order proposed by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr.-Hooper] will be adopted.
There was no objection ; and the motion to
reconsider was entered.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to indicate the time
at which he proposes to call up_ .this bill,_ so
that the House may be full. It is a very im-
portant bill,, and in my judgment should be
promptly passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
call it up perhaps about the middle of next
week, at some time when Other public business
is not pressing.
Mr. RANDALL. Say Wednesday.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I desire the
consent of the House to make an explanation
connected with this bill. Gentlemen will ob-
serve that its third and fourth sections are iden-
tical in language with the first two sections of
a bill which I find upon our files, a bill (H. 11.
No. 1883) introduced by the gentleman from
Illinois, "[Mr. Jum),] referred to the Commit-
tee on Banking and Currency, and, I believe,
reported back by that committee. It is enti-
tled "A bill to regulate the method of convert-
ing gold into currency, and for other purposes."
These sections do not relate to the conversion
of gold into currency, though the third section
of that bill does. They are on a totally dif-
ferent subject, having reference, as the House
will observe, to the disposal of United States
bonds in such a manner that the Government
shall not be charged with any commission or
percentage for the sales, the bonds being offered
for sale at public auction, so as to have free
competition. Inasmuch as two of the sections
of the bill now reported from the Committee
of Ways and Means by my colleague on the
committee [Mr. Hooper, of Massachusetts]
are' identical with two sections of the bill which
has come from the Committee on Banking and
Currency, it becomes proper for me to explain
that we have committed no plagiarism; that
the third section of our bill was originally pre-
pared by the Committee of Ways and Means
and reported to this House, and after pending
her,e as a separate bill was adopted by the Sen-
ate as a part of their funding bill, coming back
to this House as such ; was again submitted to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and after
undergoing there some little modification was
incorporated in the funding bill as agreed to
by both Houses. The fourth section also
was, in the precise language in which it is
found in House bill No. 1833, framed with
some care by the Committee of Ways and
Means and made a part of their amendments
to the Senate bill. Now, I do not object to the
Committee on Banking and Currency adopt-
ing, word for word and letter for letter, two
sections that we have elaborated with great
care. I only want it to be understood that we
have .not taken the bill from that of the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency, but are sim-
ply reclaiming our own.
Mr. RANDALL. You have waited a long
time to do it.
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Speaker, as reference has
been made by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means [Mr. ScHEircK] to a bill
which 1 introduced and had referred to the
Committee on Banking and Currency, it is
perhaps due to myself and the committee to
which I belong that I should say a few words
in reference to the matter. ' •
My friend from Ohio seems to be under the
impression that somebody will suspect him of
plagiarism. Now," let me assure him that his
position and reputation is too well established
to allow any one to think that he forages for
ideas or language. During all the sessions of
thi^ Congress, in both Houses, in debate,and
by bill, the idea of taking from the Secretary
the powers, for continuing the present broker-
age business in the Treasury has been reiter-
ated, talked of, and discussed in all its various
forms. Nobody claims, and I believe there
is no special patent right connected with this
matter. I think that proposition in substance,
as provided, for in the gentleman's bill, has
been backward and forward between the two
Houses during the whple of the last session,
so that its language, or at any rate its ideas,
have become common property. If any patent
is to be granted, I think my colleague [Mr.
Logan] is entitled to it; for I believe he intro-
duced the first bill and made the first raid on
the Secretary.
I will say to the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means that the reason why that
bill in its particular form was introduced was
to present the single question disconnected
with any other proposition, so that we should
be called upon to vote on that point and none
other. The result of including in one bill
these various subjects has been that the bill
will be opposed by some for one reason and by
others for another reason, so that notwith-
standing the number of times this bill has been
before the House it has not yet become a law.
Something has weighed it down or smothered it.
I will add one other statement in reference
to the Committee on Banking and Currency.
When that bill was directed to be reported it
was distinctly understood that if the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means reported on the ques-
tion then our bill should be withheld. There
was no intention to interfere with the action
of the Committee of Ways and Means. But
there was a distinct understanding that, if that
committee did not report within a reasonable
time, in that case I should report this bill on
behalf of the committee. The bill now pre-
sented by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hooper] is subject to the objections that
1 have named, and I shall watch with care to
see what becomes of the proposition to take
these extraordinary powers from the Secretary
of the Treasury. I hope the weight of the
other propositions in the bill will not be fatal
to what all seem desirous of accomplishing.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I do not
want any misapprehension on this matter.
The explanation I gave to the House in behalf
of the Committee of Ways and Means in con-
nection with the bill reported from that com-
mittee by my colleague from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hooper] was simply to justify ourselves;
and I must say this : while we do not pretend
to file a caveat in reference to our work, with
which we took some care, yet it is literally
true that the first section of this bill from the
Committee on Banking and Currency was pre-
sented as a separate measure to the House by
the Committee of Ways and Means. After-
ward, having prepared this one with a great
deal of care, as we thought, and with some
consideration in the committee, it went into
the general funding bill adopted by the Senate
on conference with the Ways and Means Com-
mittee. When that bill came to the House it
was a part of it; and it was in the bill passed
by the House and the Senate, and which was
pocketed by the President. What I now say
is that, being a part of the work of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, I am glad to see
that the Committee on Banking and Currency
have adopted it with even the little verbal
alterations we made when we had it last under
consideration, word for word, and letter for
letter. Although this may have become com-
mon property, I say, without patenting the
idea, the particular language and mode in
which we have attempted to apply a proposi-
tion Of this sort-have been prepared nitK-cpn-,
sideration and care, and which-the Cofnniittee;
of Ways and Means have b,een trying to press
through thjs House and Congress, aha for
which they have twice had the favor of the
House. That is all.
Mr; RANDALL.' If m'y memory serves 1116)
the proposition was originally prop'ogetl by the'
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan",] and;'
was attached to the appropriation bill. I only
desire to have the matter put right:
Mr. SCHENCK. It was considered in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the:
Union on the suggestion of the gentleman from
Illinois. , It was referred to theCqmmittee of.
Ways and Means, revised by the committee,
and then became a part of the committee's
work, having- originated in that way, offered,
by one of the members of the committee.
Mr. RANDALL. , I do not qare .who its
author is. It is a good proposition, and I hope
the House will pass it as soon as ppssible..
Mr. SCHENCK. So do I. I do,not wish,-
however, the Committee of Ways and Means
to be considered as having borrowed any por-
tion of any other committee's work.
captured and abandoned pllopebty.
Mr. MUNGEN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasurybe
requested to .inform this House if the money arising'
from the proceeds of captured and abandoned prop-
erty baa been covered into the Treasury in accord-
ance with public resolution No. 22. approved March
30,1868; and if not, to report what amount remains
uncovered into tho Treasury, and in whose hands
the same is now hefd.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported that they had examined and found truly
enrolled bills of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 1343) to confirm the title
to certain lands to the pueblo of Santa Ana,
in the Territory of New Mexico; and
An act (II. R. No. 1809) making appropria-
tions for the payment of salaries and contin-
gent expenses of the Patent Office for Janu-
ary and February, 1869.
leavli ob' absence.
Mr. Archer, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave of absence for a week'.
removal op disabilities.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Reconstruction, reported a
bill (H. Ii. No. 1881) to relieve certain per-
sons therein named from the legal and polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States; which was ordered to be printed, and
recommitted.
national banks.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee 011 Banking and Currency, reported
a bill (H. R. No. 1882) regulating reports of
national banking associations ; which was or-
dered to be printed, and recommitted to the
committee.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
Said on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, offered a series of amendments
to the Army appropriation bill; which was or-
dered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole to be considered with the
bill.
Mr, BLAINE. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, to proceed to the consideration of
the Army appropriation bill; and pending that
motion I move that all general debate upon
it shall cease in one minute until we reach the
point where the amendment which was allowed
