TUM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February '27,
which -was orderedto beprinted and recom-
mitted.
wjells, sar60 and company.
Mr. BROOMALL, from the Committee on
Public Expenditures, submitted a report rela-
tive to the contract of Wells, Pargo & Co.;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROOMALL. I will move, if there be
no objection, thatthe committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject.
Mr. ©OBURN. As one member of the com-
mittee I desire to say that the committee are
not unanimous on this subject, two or three
members dissenting from some of the conclu-
sions of the majority. -Though the minority
present at this time no minority report, per-
haps we may desire to be heard before the
committee is discharged. I therefore prefer
that the motion of the chairman of the com-
mittee should not be acted on at this time.
texas.
The. SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of "War, transmitting a report o f
the commander of the fifth military district in
regard to the"adjournment of the constitutional
convention of Texas; which was referred to the
Committee on Reconstruction, and ordered to
be printed.
rondout harbor.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of "War, transmitting, in compli-
ance with House resolution of the 28th ultimo,
the report of the chief engineer on the improve-
ment of Rondout harbor; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
tyrrell's patent horse-shoe.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. _ I ask
unanimous consent to submit the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to furnish this House, with aslittle delay as possible,
nny and all information he may have or can obtain
from thequarfcermastergeneral'sdepartment in rela-
tion to the introduction, use, and benefits of Tyrrell's
pateuthoof-expanding horse-sboe by his department,
now long it has been used if at all, to what extent,
and with whatsuccess; and whether in his judgment
said shoe has merits to entitle it to favorable con-
sideration by the Government.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I object.
smithsonian report.
Mr. LAFLIN reported from the Committee
on Printing the following resolution:
Resolved, Thatthere be printed five thousand extra
copies of the report of the Smithsonian Institution,
three thousand for the use of the House and two
thousand for the Institution,'the same to be stereo-
typed at the expense heretofore provided for.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is this the usual number
that has heretofore been ordered to be printed ?
Mr. LAFLIN. It is.
The resolution was adopted.
adverse reports.
Mr. CHURCHILL, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Judiciary, reported
adversely on the following cases; and the same
were laid upon the table :
A bill (H. R. No. 697) regulating the terms
of the United States district court for the
western district of Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 20) to amend an act en-
titled " An act to divide the State of Missouri
into two judicial districts, and giving jurisdic-
tion to the district court of the western district
of Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 279) to provide for the
appointment of a judge for the district court
of West Tennessee;
A bill (H. R. No. 233) to provide for record-
in? deeds in the clerk's office in the district and
circuit courts of the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 509) to create the south-
western judicial district of Maryland;
_ A bill (H. R. No. 933) to repeal an act en-
titled " An act to create the third judicial dis-
trict of the State of New York," approved
April 26, 1865, and to make provision for the
trial of causes pendiug in said court; and
The petition of the members of the bar of
Memphis, Tennessee, for the appointment of
a judge of the district court of West Tennessee.
kansas pacific railway company.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 468) authorizing the Union Pacific Rail-
road'Company, eastern division, to change its
name to the Kansas Pacific Railway Company.
It is merely local in its character.
There was no objection, and the joint resolu-
tion was received, read a first and second time,
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time ;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
national lincoln monument association.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to take up and pass House bill
No. 1831, to authorize the Secretary of War to
place at the disposal of the National Lincoln
Monument Association at Springfield, Illinois,
damaged and captured ordnance. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs have acted on this
bill and are in favor of it. These bronze and
brass captured and damaged ordnance are such
as may be required for casting the principal
figures to be incorporated in the monument at
Springfield.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has not such a bill already
Mr. CULLOM. That was for the McPher-
son monument, and not for the Lincoln monu-
ment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
title to land warrants.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I move
to take from the Speaker's table Senate amend-
ments to House bill No. 568, explanatory of the
act entitled "An act declaring the title to land
warrants in certain cases."
Mr. HOLMAN. There are quite a number
of bills upon the Speaker's table, and I suggest
to the gentleman to move that we proceed to
the consideration of the business upon the
Speaker's table.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. There
can be no objection to this one.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think all the bills upon
the Speaker's table should stand upon the same
footing and that none should be given the
advantage over others.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I hope
the gentleman will withdraw his objection, as I
have not troubled the House often.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I withdraw the objection
in this instance.
There wasno objection; and the amendments
of the Senate were taken from the Speaker's
table and read, as follows :
Insert "whose claims were filed prior to their do-
cease," and strike out "claim" and insert"same;"
so it will then read:
That the act entitled "An act declaring the title
tojand warrants in certain cases/' approved June 3,
1858, be so construed and applied as to authorize the
legal representatives of deceased claimants whose
claims were filed prior to their decease to file the
proof necessary to perfect the same.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the Senate
amendments were concurred in; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved that
the -rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on.the state of the Union for the purpose of
considering the amendments of the Senate to
the Indian appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on thestate of the
Union, (Mr. Pomeroy in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1738)
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department'
andforfulfillingtreaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,1870.
The Clerk read the first amendment of the
Senate, namely, to strike out "eleven" and
insert "twelve;" so that the clause will read
" for pay of twelve superintendents."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, I propose to discuss these amendments
of the Senate at some length. I would not do
so were it not that I think a great deal of time
will be saved by the committee and by the
House in so doing.
This bill is a very important one. As ifc
passed this House it appropriated $2,312,240 12
upon estimates which called for $2,977,982 70.
It went to the Senate, and the Committee on
Finance of that body added to it $540,963,
and the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs
also added amendments which, called for
$3,800,939 99. So that now the bill calls for
§6,654,158 11. It will be seen, therefore, that
the bill is a very important one in its amount;
but it is still more important in the amount
which must be called for hereafter if the policy
which this bill inaugurates is sanctioned by
the House.
I will therefore explain theamendments which
make the substantial difference between the
present Indian policy which was carried out
by the bill of the House and the new policy
which is proposed to be set on foot by this
peace commission, the expenditures for which
are provided for in this bill. Although this
bill by its amendments calls for only $4,000,000
extra for this year, yet if these treaties which
are thus provided for are sanctioned by this
House, and necessary appropriations are made
to carry them out, the fiscal year ending July
1, 1871, must have about seven million five
hundred thousand dollars, and the next year
about ten million dollars, and thus the expendi-
tures will keep on for the next twenty years,
averaging from ten to twelve million dollars
a year. So that gentlemen will see this is
a matter which, if they have any concern for
the future of the country, will call for the
exercise of very considerable care and judg-
ment in its determination. Indeed, the matter
is so important and difficult that the Commit-
tee on Appropriations have not been able to
come to any conclusion that is satisfactory to
themselves, and have instructedme to state the
facts to the House and ask for its judgment on
the matter. I intend, therefore, to put before
the House the facts upon which we have based
our action which have come to our knowledge,
and then ask the House to determine with
great care and deliberation what shall be done,
because these amendments in all substantial
matters are brought out by the change of the
Indian system to which I have alluded.
As you are aware, there were certain Indian
treaties in existence up to the year 1865 or 1866.
Those treaties were satisfied by about two mil-
lion dollars. In 1867 the House and Senate
established an Indian commission. That com-
mission went on the plains to treat with the
wild or roaming Indians who had heretofore
led nomadic lives. They made treaties with
them which called for the amounts which I
have named. I suppose that the best way to
examine the subject will be to take a single
treaty, a treaty with the Crow Indians for ex-
ample, which I hold in my hand, and scan
its provisions and purport. It was concluded
on the 7th of May, 1868, ratified on the 5th of
July, 1868, and proclaimed on the 12th of
August, 1868 This and kindred treaties were
