1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1699
not considered by the Committee on Appro-
priations when they reported this bill, because
the treaties were not sent, to them for Consider-
ation in time.
Now. this treaty provides in the first place
that those Crow Indians, who amount to about
three thousand souls, taking the estimated cen-
sus of 1867, shall have erected for them §29,000
worth of buildings and mills at their agency.
Then each head of a family is to have three
hundred and sixty acres of land, and each per-
son over the age of eighteen years, whether
male or female, who chooses to cultivate land
is to have eighty acres. Then there shall be
a teacher provided for every thirty children at
an expense of, say, §15,000 a year for salary
alone. Then every Indian who is the head
of a family is to have for the first year seeds
and agricultural implements to the amount of
$100, and for twenty years thereafter seeds
to the amount of twenty five dollars each year.
Then, each Indian who cultivates the soil is
to have twenty dollars a year and every "roam-
ing Indian," as they are called, those who roam
and will not cultivate the soil, is to have ten
dollars a year. Then every one of these In-
dians over four years of age, male and female,
is to have a pound of meat and a pound ot flour
per day at a cost of twenty-five cents per day
each, s&y seventy-five dollars a year. Then,
each head of a family is to have a yoke of well-
broken oxen, costing in that country about two
hundred and fifty dollars each, and agoodcow—
an ''American cow" as contradistinguished
from Texas or Mexican cattle—costing from
sixty-five to seventy-five dollars. In addition to
that, every male person over fourteen years of
age is to have a suit of good, substantial woolen
clothing, consisting of coat, hat, pantaloons,
flannel shirt, and a pair of woolen socks : and
each female over twelve years of age is to have
a flannel skirt or the goods necessary to make
it, a pair of woolen hose, twelve yards of calico,
and twelve yards of cotton domestics; and boys
and girls under the ages named are to have
such cotton and flannel goods as may be needed
to make each a suit, together with a pair of
woolen hose for each. All this is to continue
for thirty years unless it is found best to put
this provision into some other shape. In addi-
tion, the Indians are to have a blacksmith, with
iron and steel, shop and tools, for every one
hundred men ; a carpenter, an engineer, a phy-
sician, a farmer, and a miller to grind their
corn, take care of their mills, and help them
to build their houses, and mills to saw the lum-
ber.
This is one of, I think, eleven treaties, and
those eleven treaties cover perhaps not far
from forty-five thousand Indians. When all
the Indians are brought in under these trea-
ties it will cost about six or seven million
dollars a year to feed them and furnish these
supplies. I therefore call the attention of the
House to the fact that the question before us
is a matter of great gravity. The Indian peace
commission have thought that these provisions
are necessary in order to have the Indians fed
and kept on their reservations and taught agri-
culture so as to keep them at peace, with the
hope in time to render them self-sustaining.
It is a policy of peace. It is said by those
who claim to be cognizant of this matter and
in behalf of the peace commission that this
policy, if carried out, will prevent Indian
wars.
Mr. WINDOW. I would ask the gentleman
to what document he referred iu stating the
provisions of these treaties?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
been reading from the treaty with the Crow
Indians.
Mr. WINDOM. Where is that to be found?
In the document-room ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir:
a copy of the treaty was furnished me, but
these treaties have not yet been published iu
book form. The treaties made by the com-
mission are all substantially alike, and I will
send the gentleman one.
Now, then, there are those in this House
who know more about the Indians than I do
arid can tell us whether this experiment will
likely be a success. I had supposed that an
j Indian warrior thought it disgraceful to work,
j and that a man's only occupation was hunting
! or war, and that the squaws did all the work,
yet we have here an experiment to civilize the
Indians and set them to work.
In pursuance of this attempt at civilization
the Indians have been put by the peace com-
mission upon several reservations, and the
commission have selected for those reserva-
tions tracts of lands, as a whole, least desirable
for cultivation and settlement, in order that the
cupidity of white men may not lead them to
attempt to follow these Indians upon their
reservations and dtive them off, as they have
been driven from their reservations heretofore.
I believe, however, that the peace commission
have given the Indians in every instance arable
land enough along the streams on their reserva-
tions to support all the population that is ever
likely to be upon the reservations, because it
is a fact not to be disguised that the Indian in
civilized life has never shown any capacity of
increase of population. I have thus stated the
substantial facts and provisions upon which
the theory and action of the peace commission
rest. It is also said by them and their friends
that if we do not feed these Indians and carry
out these treaties and keep them on their
reservations in this way they will be sure to
commit depredations that will lead to war,
and thatthe cost of the Army if we have, to
fight tliem will be a great deal more than the
cost of feeding them and supplying them with
all with which by treaty they are to receive. If
there is no other alternative but to fight them—
and of that I do not at the present moment
give an opinion, but must leave every gentle-
man to judge for himself—then I agree that
war will be very much more expensive. The
war which is now being carried on against a
few Indians costs a great deal more than all
these expenditures, vast as they may seem.
But on the other hand a war would terminate
some time, but these expenditures must last
for a generation and go on increasing as the
Indians adopt these or like treaties and come
in greater numbers to be fed and supplied with
clothing, farms, oxen, cows, and tools.
Before I pass fiom this subject it is but just
that I should call the attention of the House
to the fact that each one of these Indians, ac-
cording to these treaties, is to be provided with
means of starting in the world greater than the
majority of iarmers either in the East or in the
West.
Mr. ALLISON. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question or two?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man, in reference to this subject, whether or
not those treaties have been made with hostile
bauds of Indians? If so, whether or not they
are more favorable than are existing treaties
with peaceable bands of Indians ? And whether
or not the effect of these treaties, if carried
out, will not be to make the Indians that are
now peaceable dissatisfied and hostile unless
we give the same benefits to the Indians that
have hitherto been friendly towards our people?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I can an-
swer the first two branches of the inquiry of
the gentleman, but I cannot now answer the
last because that is a matter of judgment and
of future experience. As to the first inquiry
I will say that these treaties have been made
with hostile bands. In regard to the second
inquiry I reply that the terms of these treaties
are more favorable, if we are to use that term
in regard to a treaty where we are attempting
to establish a portion of our Indian population
in fixed homes as we would in speaking of the
terms of a treaty between two nations, these
treaties are more favorable than the treaties
heretofore made with other Indians, And the
proposition is, as I understand it, that all the
Indians, except those that have property of
their own and who are now substantially
brought into the habits of civilization, shall
I have like treaties made with them and shall
| receive like treatment from us. We are now
! considering a part of a system of bringing all
I the Indians of the United States under the in-
i fluences of civilization substantially according
i to the same plan. The plan is to be carried
out still further hereafter in relation to all the
roving bands of Indians.
But allow me to say that there are some
treaties that have been made with friendly
Indians, particularly with the Ute Indians and
the Navajo Indians, who have always been
friendly. In the case of the Navajo Indians,
and the action of the Government under the
treaty with them, I am bound to report to the
House that it has been a most complete suc-
cess. But they have had no such considerable
benefits as those other treaties propose, be-
cause they had means of subsisting themselves
as soon as they were carried to their old homes,
and had lands on which they had worked for
many years, and had very considerable manu-
factures among themselves.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me for a question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I would inquire
whether or not these Indians with whom these
treaties have been made are not still hostile to
the people of the United States?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Some of
the Indians with whom these treaties have been
made are still hostile to the United States, but
the appropriations called for by the treaties
with those Indians are not to be paid so long
as the Indians remain hostile.
Mr, WINDOM. Let me ask the gentleman
j another question right at this point.
I Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yerywell.
Mr. WINDOM. Are not the Indians with
whom treaties have been made and who are
now hostile the Indians in regard to whom we
1 have not complied with our treaty stipulations ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
undoubtedly so to some considerable extent.
I want to make a still further statement.
This is proposed as a system which shall ulti-
mately embrace all the Indians to the number,
I suppose, of two hundred and fifty thousand
on our western frontiers. I know the number
has been estimated at three hundred thousand
but I believe the number is always overesti-
mated, and if all come in it is easy to see what
the annual expense will be to feed them only,
say at twenty-fivpeentsper day, or $18,750,000.
Now the differences between the House bill
and the Senate bill, except in some compara-
tively unimportant particulars and in regard to
some claims that have been tacked on to it in
the Senate, comes from the source we have
been discussing. And the first question to be
settled by us is this: whether the House by
appropriations to carry out the provisions of
these treaties will sanction this method of deal-
ing with the Indians? If these treaties are to
be sanctioned and appropriated for gentlemen
will see that it takes from the House the power
substantially of legislating on Indian affairs.
The Indian agents make treaties, the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs makes treaties, the
Senate ratify them, and from that hour, if they
are to be regarded as the supreme law of the
land, and especially if we sanction them, we are
bound to make appropriations to carry them
out to the letter in a fair and just spirit.
Now, if the House is ever going to adopt a
policy on this subject of making treaties with
the Indians it ought to be done here and now,
whatever that policy may be. To givegentlemen
a specimen of the operation of this system I will
take the case of General HSrney; and if any
gentleman wants to follow that case with more
careful investigation he will find all the inform-
ation in a report made by the Committee on
Appropriations, House report No. 29, in which
the operations of General Harney are stated
at length.
Now, General Harney, acting under the
peace commission, was sent to the Sioux In-
dians on the upper Missouri river on the 10th
of August last, if I remember aright, with
