1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
947
to be presented yesterday for the reduction of
the Army shall be introduced.
The motions were agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Ferry in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill (H. E. No. 1803)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending Jane 80, 1870.
The pending question was on the amend-
ment of Mr. Loughwdgb, to strike out from
the item for pay of the Army " $15,000,000"
and insert "$10,000,000."
Mr. BLAINE.' In view of the very general
agreement that seemed to pervade the House
yesterday that an amendment should be pre-
sented for the reduction of the Army, I have
consulted several members of the Committee
on Appropriations, all that I could meet, and
all excepting one gentleman, and they agreed
that I should move such amendments to the
appropriations as would cut down the aggre-
gate to the amount appropriated last year.
That will reduce the amount $10,000,000. I
ihink, from the examination I have given the
bill, that I know better than - those who have
not examined it at all just where these amend-
ments ought to be put and where they can
most profitably and easily be made. For that
purpose I propose, if the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Louohbridge] will withdraw his
amendment, to move to reduce the pay of the
Army from $15,000,000 to $11,000,000. That
will be a reduction of $4,000,000.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. That is entirely sat-
isfactory to me, and I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. BLAINE. I now move to strike out
"$15,000,000," and insert "$10,000,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For commutation of officers' subsistence, §2,000,000.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to reduce that ap-
propriation to $1,500,000.
Mr. WINDOM. I move to amend the amend-
ment by reducing the amount to $1,000,000.
Mr. BLAINE. I think the reduction that
I propose is a very considerable one, and it is
on a1 scale that will cut down the bill just
$10,000,000. I think every dollar that is left
after that reduction is made will be absolutely
needed.
Mr. WINDOM. My reason for moving to
cut this appropriation down to a greater extent
than the gentleman from Maine proposes to
reduce the bill generally is that 1 think upon
this point we shall have an amendment offered
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Bctler] that will prevent the corruptions
growing out of this system. Now, sir, it has
been my fortune during the last ten years to
board in a good many boarding-houses in this
city ; and I think I- never, with one exception,
was in a boarding-house where there was a
military officer that apart of bis board bill was
not paid by allowing the boarding house keeper
to get beef cheaper than it could otherwise be
bought. I know of one honorable exception,
and only one. Now, I am opposed to this sort
of swindling of the Government, and to this
whole system of commutation of subsistence.
I do not believe there should be such a thing,
I believe the provision of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] should be carried
out, and that this kind of fraudulent dealing
with the Government should be prevented.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not understand that the
gentleman from Minnesota proposes to cure
the evil at all. If you do not change the law
you must appropriate what the law allows. If
we do not need $1,500,000, we do not need
anything.
Mr. WINDOM. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the whole clause.
Mr. BLAINE. I think that would be a very
injudicious amendment, and I hope the com-
mittee will not concur in it.
Mr. WINDOM. When we come to act on
ihe amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Botlee] we can' prevent this
kind of corruption.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not think it fair to call
it "corruption." This is an appropriation for
pay under the existing law. The law may be
unwise, but I think the gentleman uses too
severe a term when he calls it " corruption."
There is not a gentleman upon this floor who
has served in the Army—and there are a great
many who have served with great distinction—
who has not drawn a part of his pay in this
form. It is a part of the pay of officers of the
Army under the law, and so long as the law-
remains as it is it is idle to talk about its
being corruption to draw pay in that form.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to say that if the
gentleman's construction of the law is correct,
and we have to give this commutation of sub-
sistence to officers m such a shape as to enable
them to pay their board bills, I think it is a
strong argument in favor of the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts. If I
have misconstrued the law and this is not cor-
ruption I will withdraw the word, and say that
I think the gentleman furnishes a very strong
argument in favor of the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
of the committee to pass over this and the two
succeeding clauses providing for commutation
of officers' subsistence, forage for officers'
horses, and clothing for officers' servants, so as
to consider them in connection with the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler,] and which has been
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BLAINE. I think that is a good sug-
gestion. I am willing that these three clauses
shall be passed over until we see what fate will
betide the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
There was no objection; and the three clauses
were passed by for the present.
The Clerk read as follows:
For subsistence in kind for regular troops and em-
ployes, $5,500,000.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend that clause
by striking out "five" and inserting "four;"
so'as to reduce the item $1,000,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next clause was read, as follows:
For contingencies of the Army, $00,000.
Mr. WOOI). I desire to ask the gentleman
from Maine whether in this appropiiation of
$60,000 for contingencies of the Army there is
included $25,000 to be paid to a horse doctor
by the name of Dunbar?
Mr. BLAINE. The Committee on Appro-
priations have no knowledge of a horse doctor
named Dunbar or any other horse doctor being
interested in this appropriation. Nothing of
the kind came to the knowledge of the com-
mittee, and I never heard of it before. It is
an appropriation $40,000 less than up to last
year lias usually been made for that item.
Mr. WOOD. The Secretary of War has
made a contract with a horse doctor for which
he proposes to pay him $25,000 a year for
curing horses' feet. I meant to ask in what
part of this bill the appropriation is made
which would include that expenditure?
Mr. BLAINE. I think it is in the item of
appropriation for cavalry and artillery horses,
which I propose to materially rednce when we
reach it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the gen-
tleman will turn to lines eighty and eighty-one
of this bill he will find an ilem for "hire of
veterinary surgeons, medicines for horses and
mules," &c. I suspect it is there, if anywhere.
Mr. WOOD. There is a "little nigger"
somewhere, I have no doubt.
The Clerk read as follows :
For medical and hospital department, $200,000.
For Army Medical Jliucum, $'5,000.
For medical and other necessary works for the
library of Surgeon General's office, $2,000.
For expenses of Commanding General's office,
$5,000.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to inquire of
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] if
there is in this bill any appropriation for the
purchase of the museum called the Army
museum, I believe? And then I would like to
have him inform the Sduse, if he will, by
what authority that museum was purchased—
how it became the property <3f the 'War De-
partment or of the United States.
Mr. BLAINE. We have already passed the
item for the Army medical museum; but, of
course, I will not take advantage of that point
of order. It was by authority of an appro-
priation made by this House for which I sup-
pose the gentleman voted in conimon with the
rest of us.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I beg pardon of the gen-
tleman ; I think I did not vote for it.
Mr. BLAINE. I suppose there is no record
to sustain the gentleman in his assertion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Perhaps not; but I gen-
erally vote against such things, and think 1 did
this. I hope the gentleman will inform the
House by what authority this museum was
purchased.
Mr. BLAINE. This Army medical museum
has nothing whatever to do with the Ford's
Theater museum, to which I suppose the gen-
tleman refers. The AVmy medical museum is
under the management of the medical depart-
ment, and is regarded as of great use. The
appropriation given for it has been considered
a very wise expenditure; it is not very large
in amount.
As to the Ford's Theater museum, that, is a
matter of three or four years ago. And if there
was anything done in that matter that was not
right the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eld-
wdge] should tell the House if he knows it.
1 do not know it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will tell what I know
about it. I have understood, and I believe,
that the Secretary of War took possession of
that building without authority of law, without
any right whatever to do so, without any au-
thorization from Congress or from any oilier
Source, and made it the property of the United
States by force—he only consenting. I believe
that to have been done; and that is the reason
why I make the inquiry of the gentleman.
Mr. BLAINE. Does the gentleman object
to that having been done?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Yes, sir; since the gen-
tleman asks me the question I object most
emphatically to any man or any officer of the
Government doing anything without authority
of law. I would never consent that any officer
of the Government make any purchase of
property or do any other act not authorized
by law; I oppose all such things now and at
all times.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, who I think rather un-
graciously brings up this subject and obtrudes
it upon us at this time, that the Secretary of
War in the case alluded to acted in a way
which the Congress of the United States clearly
approved in rescuing that building which was
the scene of the greatest sacrifice that has been
made in modern times.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I rise to a point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman willstate
his point of order.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Unless there is some-
thing here in the way of installments for the
purchase of Ford's Theater I object to this
debate.
Mr. BLAINE. This side of the House did
not bring it up ; and I think it very ungracious
m the gentleman from Wisconsin to come here
and find fault that the place where that great
tragedy was enacted was not left to be, as I
suppose he desires it should have been, a place
of common amusement. Is that what the gen-
tleman means?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, sir: I hope tlie gen-
tleman will allow me—I trust he will not fore-
close me, but let me answer.
Mr. BLAINE. It was to prevent that des-
ecration that the Secretary of War took posses-
sion of the building ; and the Congress of the
United States afterward gave him the money
necessary to vest the title to it in the United
States.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Now, if the gentleman
