U8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
February 6^
will allow .tae—aud i hope I shall, not be inter-
fered with in one winute'e time—I wish to say
thai I intended tp «ake no charge other than
this: that the Secretary 'of War, as I have
been advised, did take possession of that' Wild-
ing without authority-Of law and forcibly.
, Mr. BLAINE.- And he, did right.
Mr, ELDR1DGE. < The gentleman p«t to
me the..question whether'I approved of that
act and I a..nswered him that 1 did not approve
of it. I approve of no act of any person, I
care not whether, he be high or low,, that is in
violation of or without authority of lfrw. I say
this npt because the Secretary of War took
possession of - Ford's Theater, in which the
tragedy to which he refers was perpetrated. I
will not have.any issue with thegentleman upon
that subject,; but if you allow the Secretary of
War to do one act admittedly without'author-
ity of law, then you may allow hi-m to do auy
other act, I tare not what, without authority
of.law.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending ameudment,
Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word. I ask (.he
gentleman from Wisconsin [M.\ Bldridgb]
whether h,e considers that there was anything
wrong in the particular transaction to which
be has referred.; and if so, I ask him to state
it to the House 1
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Ev.ery act done without
authority of law is wrong.
Mr. BLAINE. The wrong the gentleman
now alleges is this: that building haying been
the scene of this merciless tragedy on the 14th
of April, 1865, when Congress would not con-
vene for eight months, the Secretary of War
stepped forward, and using the power of the
Government, said tbivt the building should not
be devoted to purposes of profane, and possi-
bly obscene, amusement; and he did that, I
say, with the approval of the loyal masses of
the United States; and 1 should regret to
know that there is a single gentleman, even
on the other side of the House, who objected
to that action of the'Secretary of War. .
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman will
allow me, X wish to say, with great respect to
him, that if it had not been 
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a point of order,
that debate is exhausted upon tlio pending
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The gentleman from "Maine
[Mr. Blaine] has moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the lSst word.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I suppose now it is in
order for uie to answer, I wish not to make
any charge. I repeat, however, the purchase
of that property ought not to have been made
without a law authorizing it. And when the
gentleman says that the object of this act of
the Secretary of War was to prevent that build-
ing from being devoted to "obscene amuse-
ments," as he .styled it, what does he mean?
What shall we understand by such language?
Would the late President, of the CJuited States
have been assassinated in that building if not
called there by the love of the amusements to
which the place was devoted? He was there,
and lor that purpose, however, and on a day
which some good people think ought not to
have been desecrated by his going to the
theater. But I deny that a theater is a place
of obscene amusement, and the gentleman, I
trust, does not mean so to be understood.
Mr. BLAINE. I qualified my expression.
I said "possibly."
Mr. SHANKS. I wish to say that the mur-
der of President Lincoln was an act of war,
and that it was the duty of the Secretary of
War to take such steps as became a nation in
a state of war.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Chairman, I think this
discussion has progressed far enough. I do
not want any exhibition of temper in the mat-
ter. I will therefore close, the debate with but
a single remark. I think that' if at this late
day thegentleman from "Wisconsin [Mr. Eld-
ricoe] or any other gentleman on that side
of. the House .desires to cHticise abts of .'Sec-
retary Stanton which he. belieVes to have been
outside, the. Constitution or outside the laws,
he makes a very1 unfortunate selection when he
singles -out this' particular transaction ;' for
among, the many deeds which willfor all time
commend the name of Edwin M. Stanton to
the patriotic people of this country that will not
be among the least.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. There are many other acts
of histhat will commend him to eternal infamy.
Mrs-BLAINE. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. MULLINS. I move to strike out "$5,000"
and insert " $6,000." I do this, Mr. Chairman,
for the purpose of advancing a few ideas touch-
ing this question under consideration, and
measurably to the gentleman on the other side
of the House, who seems to be so much cir-
cumscribed by the pale of the law, that unless
there is a law upon the statute-book expressly
indicating what is to be done, he believes that
we are prevented from doing it. I have the
right to take his life when he comes for the pur-
pose of taking mine, although there may be no
law on the statute-book providing for it. Yet
he says that the Secretary of War had no right
to bike that house; that there was no way pos-
sible to get possession of it under the power
and in the name of the United States, because,
as there was no law upon the statute-book, the
Secretary of War had no right to touch it at
all. ■ Now, is it possible that any human being
who has gone through the core of the law should
have come out with any such opinion as that?
If he is of that opinion, I beg to say this much
in regard to his knowledge of legal attain-
ments, that he is more completely sublime in
his legal knowledge and in his appreciation of
it than any mortal who has yet made foot-prints
about Washington. [Laughter.]
Now, mark one thing: I suppose by this he
does not know, or he forgets, that the nation
receivedat that, place one of the mostdreadful
shocks ever given to it since it began its exist-
ence. Kingdoms may have robbed and mur-
dered their despots; but it is the first time in
the great drama of American history that the
assassin, with eyes red with anger, and with
heart black with the smut of hell, struck at the
life of the President. There it was that the
blazing dagger was drawn which smote down
the great martyr, Abraham Lincoln. Is there
anybody who will object to giving up this build-
ing, where this great sacrifice took place, to the
uses of the country? There is the ark of the
covenant to which we go to-day, and look,
as we do upon an altar. What do we find there ?
Wo find the fragments of men who went forth
naked to the battle's storm. There in that med-
ical museum we see on every side evidences of
the havoc which the rebellion brought to the
lives and limbs of our bravest citizens. Why,
sir, it is worth more than $1,000 a day to the
gentleman on the other side to go and look at
it and rcftd the moral lessons which are there
taught. It tells of the political perfidy and
iniquity of rebellion. It tells of the blood of
human slaughter which rained without measure
over the land. 1 have no doubt that the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin will come with his chil-
dren and his children's children to behold the
shattered limbs and the preserved fragments of
the human bodies which can be seen on every
side of this medical museum.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to oppose the
amendment.
Mr. MULLINS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. ROBINSON. I object to the withdrawal
of the ameudment, as I wish to say a few words
in opposition to it. But I will yield a portion
of my time to the gentleman from Tennessee,
in order that he may finish his remarks.
Mr. MULLINS. I decline to avail myself
of the gentleman's kindness at this time.
Mr. ROBINSON. Now, Mr. Chairman,
I wish to make a compromise between these
factions. It seems to me to be one of the pro-
foundest things that ever happened upon the
face of the earth, if this matter be advocated
on the plea referred to in this debate, that in
o'rder to sympathize with the family of Presi*
dent Lincoln the Government iof :the United
States stepped in and d'd what? Whyj Sr,
committed a robbery of the premises on which
he was murdered. When the proper time*
comes I shall move,, in addition to -the motion
now before the House, that.tan independent
section be inserted in the feillifchat that build-
ing shall be made over in fee-'§impte toy the
United States to the family of• Abraham Lin-
coln. That would be a propel appreciation
of his great martyrdom.. It is a shame' that
the woman left on that occasion and the familyy
reduced to beggary and want, should be com-
pelled to go wandering about and importuning
Congress for a pension. It is a disgrace to
humanity and a disgrace to the House that the
woman who sustained' such a loss -should re-
main so lon'g unrecognized. Not only should
she have the pension which she asks, but this
building, where her martyred husband was
struck down, and which was robbed away from
its owners by the United States, should-be
handed over to her and her family forever.
Mr. SC0F1ELD. I rise to a point of order.
I did not wish to raise it while the gentleman
was speaking, but I think that this debate is
out of order on this paragraph. • '
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. Not having been made before
the Chair did not interrupt the gentleman.
The Clerk read as follows:
For regular supplies of the quartermaster's
department, to wit:
For the regular supplies of the quartermaster's
department, consisting of fuel for officers, enlisted
men, guards, hospitals, storehouses, and offices) of
forage in kind for the horses, mules, and oxen of tho
quartermaster's department at the several posts and
stations and with the armies in the'field,for the horses
of the several regiments of eavalry, the batteries of
artillery, and such companies of infantry as may be
mounted, and for tho authorized number of ollioers'
horses when serving in the field and at the outposts,
including bedding for the animals; of straw for sol-
diers' bedding: and of stationery, including blank
books for the quartermaster's department, certificates
for discharged soldiers, blank forms for tho_ pay and
quartermaster's departments, and for printing of di-
vision and department orders (ind reports, 35,000,000.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr.Chairman,Imovetostrike
out " $5,000,000 " and insert " $4,000,000."
Mr. W1NDOM. I move to ameud. the
amendment by striking out " $4,000,000," and
inserting. '• $3,000,000.'.' I have no doubt the
gentleman from Maine is right in proposing to
reduce this appropriation twenty per cent. I
htive very great confidence in the head of the
quartermaster's department,, but L- believe there
is no department of this.Government in which
there is one half the corruption that is to be.
found in that department as administered in
distant parts of the country. I think if we
should make less liberal appropriations there
would not be quite so much money stolen, I
have a few sample items of rascality to which
I wish to call the attention of the House.
Take for example the saleof quartermaster's
stores at Fort C. F. Smith last year. There
were sold at that place, as I am informed by the
quartermaster, two saw-mills, including steata
engines and all the fixtures, for $250, one of
which saw-mills cost $10,000. Army pants-
we.re sold for twenty cents^eaph by wholesale.
New and good military overcoats worth eleven
dollars were sold for twenty-five cents each.
One of the purchasers at this sale cleared
$60,000. I have talked with that gentleman
to-day and Called his .attention to these items,
and he told me they were correct. New stoves,
in good condition, that cost seventy dollars,
were sold for $1.50. Good sound bacon worth
forty cents a pound was sold for three cents.
The whole amount realized by the Govern-
ment from that-sale was only $4,500, and the
parties who purchased the goods took them to
Helena and sold them at auction, making a
profit of $120,000 on that single transaction.
Mr. HIGBY. Is the gentleman now speak-
ing of the Army ?
Mr. WINDON. I am. As a patt-of the
same transaction I am informed that the fal-
lowing are facts: the quartermaster .at, Fort
Shaw, two hundred miles distant from -Fort-
Smith, made a contract with his ring for the
