1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1703
He hud no alternative but to go forward and
carry out the plan inaugurated by the peace
commissioners or abandon the undertaking al-
together. By his determined, persistent efforts
in carrying out this great work of pacification,
I am confident that has prevented a north-
western Indian war that'would have cost the
Government more than thirty million dollars.
This, sir, has been the result of sending to
that country a man of experience and integrity,
whose life in the Army, where he has seen more
than fifty years of honorable service, much of
which has been on our western frontiers, has
forced upon the minds of allwho knew him, the
Indian as well as the white man, that justice
and honesty are ingrained into every principle
of his nature.
We are told that the peace commissioners
were too extravagant, that they promised the
Indians too much: but when you come to ex-
amine it the amount is really very small indeed.
For the first year the amount will not exceed
sixty dollars per year to each Indian over four
years old, after which time it will not be more
than one third of this amount for each member
of the tribe.
But what is this insignificant sum when com-
pared with our past policy of fighting them.
In 1863 and 1861 the Government expended
more than thirty million dollars in carrying on
a war with these same Sioux Indians, d uring the
whole of which time our troops did not kill
twenty of their warriors, although I believe
they slaughtered some seventy peaceable In-
dians, most of whom were women and helpless
children. Whatever opinions others may en-
tertain I know that no such plan of wisdom
and economy has ever before been adopted by
the Government as this one of feeding and
clothing instead of fighting the Indians.
The comparatively small sum called for to
carry into effect these treaties for the purposes
designed by the commissioners will be better
invested and yield larger returns to the Treas-
ury than it would if invested at live hundred
per cent, interest. Let this Congress at once
appropriate the money asked for to keep our
plighted faith with these people and thereby
prevent the renewal of hostilities in that coun-
try by our faithlessness; let us do justice to
these people tor once and thereby prevent
another Sioux war, which would be so expen-
sive to the Government, so ruinous to our
people.
In the Southwest our present war policy is
costing the Government more than a thousand
dollars per head annually for every Indian,
regardless of age or sex; while our peace policy
is costing about sixty dollars per head annually
for those over four years of age.
Mr. TAFBT2. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman whether those thirty thousand Indians
under General Harney are upon the old or the
new reservation ?
Mr. BURLEIGH. I did not say they were
on the one or the other, but I will state for the
gentleman's information that nearly all of them
are on their new reservation. Let us bear in
mind that the hostile Sioux did not askforthis
treaty ; they have been too successful in the
wars which our Government has waged against
them to feel that they were either conquered
or subdued. It was the United States, through
its commissioners, that sued for peace, and not
the Indians. In the years 1866 and 1867 alone
they captured from our frontier posts and drove
off from our settlers more than five million
dollars' worth of stock and killed fifty white
men for every Indian warrior captured or killed
by our troops. It was the United States, by
your direction, that surrendered, and not the
Sioux. They held their ground and you aban-
doned your forts and surrendered the Powder
river country to them ; not that you desired to,
but because you could not hold it without
incurring an expenditure of life aud treasure
too great to be thought of.
We should bear in mind that a great deal
of the money asksd for in this bill for the
Sioux is for the purpose of establishing their
agencies, erecting permanent buildings, break-
ing up their fields, and for purchasing farmiDg
implements and cattle. These expenditures
will not be required after this year.
Full one half of the whole Indian popula-
tion of the country is now located on reserva-
tions, their permanent improvements are com-
pleted, while the annual cost of supporting
them does not exceed ยง2,000,000 a year. It
is remarked by a gentleman that not one dol-
lar in fifty of the money appropriated ever
reaches the Indians. Well, sir, if this be his
opinion I would suggest that we employ some
honest member of Congress to go out into the
Indian country and inspect matters there.
[Laughter.] Let some honest man be sent
out there to see that the Indians receive what
Congress appropriates for them, and if we can-
not find such a man anywhere on this broad
earth, let us appeal io the Almighty to send
such a one down from the bright regions above
to perform this duty for us. [Laughter.]
Fraud, corruption, and robbery of the Indians
by their agents have been the curse of the white
man ever since I first heard of an Indian agent.
Demoralization, licentiousness, debauchery,
and murder by our soldiers have been the un-
dying curse of the Indian from the first day
that 1 visited the Indian country to the present;
and I assert here that the more honest, upright,
and conscientious the Indian agent in the re-
mote West who has charge of a tribe of Indians,
especially if he undertakes to prevent drunken-
ness, debauchery, and vice among them by
excluding unprincipled white men, the more
will lie be slandered and the greater villain will
he be regarded.
Mr. Speaker, I have detained the House
longer than J intended ; and let me say in con-
clusion that but two ways are left open to us :
we have either to feed and clothe or fight these
people. Feed and clothe them, keep our treaty
obligations, and we shall have uninterrupted
peace ; fail to do so, and we shall have war, a
long, cruel, aud interminable war that will only
cease by the utter extermination of the entire In-
dian race. And I ask you, sir, I ask this House
and the country, if judging by the lights of past
history we are m a condition for this gigantic
undertaking? This is not my opinion alone,
but the opinion of General Terry, who com-
mands the department of the Northwest; itis the
opinion of General Harney, who has had more
experience in Indian warfare and in the manage-
ment of the Indians of the West than any other
officer in the Army; and it is the settled belief
of more than ninety per cent, of the intelligent
men of the West who are most familiar with
this subject.
I yield the remainder of my time to the gen-
tleman from Minnesota, [Mr. WlNDOM.]
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. Chairman, this is one
of the most important questions that has been
presented to this Congress. I am not now
going to discuss those provisions of the bill
referred to by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] which make appropriations
for certain claims, nor that other provision
which seemed to excite the mirth of certain
gentlemen about paying the Indians for steal-
ing, but shall confine my remarks to the great
question, namely, shall we comply with our
treaty stipulations with these Indiana or not?
Gentlemen stand here on this floor and discuss
the question whether the Constitution obliged
us to carry out those treaties or not. I appre-
hend, sir, that the Sioux Indians and the other
wild Indians on the plains are not very good
constitutional lawyers, and that however we
may decide this question of constitutional law
it will not obviate the results of a breach of
faith on our part. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scofiei.d] says that these treaties
are most unmitigated frauds, or at least that
the appropriation made by the Senate of the
United States in compliance with them is an
unmitigated fraud. Now, Mr. Chairman, I
desire to call the attention of the committee
for a moment to the circumstances under which
these treaties were made, and under which the
gentlemen who made the treaties were sent
to the Indian country. In July, 1867, an In-
dian war was being waged upon the plains
which according to General Grant's statement,
cost $1,000,000 per week, or at the rate of
$50,000,000 per annum. With that fact staring
us in the face Congress decided that something
must be done. The Senate passed a bill nam-
ing a certain commission to go to the Indian
country and ascertain how, if possible, the
causes of the war could be removed and wars
obviated in the future. They sent that bill to
the House of Representatives and it received
our sanction. Now, I desire to inform the
House who constituted that commission which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania says has
been guilty of perpetrating the most shameful
frauds upon the country.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have not said any such
thing.
Mr. WINDOM. The gentleman stated in
the hearing of the House within the last fifteen
minutes that the appropriation made by the
Senate to comply with these treaties was a
shameful fraud, or words to that effect.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Not at all. I said the
Senate amendments. A portion of them1 are
to comply with treaties, but a large portion,
and some of the most rascally of them, were
put in not even under the authority of treaties.
Mr. WINDOM. Then the gentleman did
not apply his remarks to the appropriations to
carry out the treaties made by the peace com-
mission ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I applied them to the
Senate amendments generally.
Mr. WINDOM. Did he apply them to the
Senate amendments to carry out the treaties
made by the peace commission?
Mr. SCOFIELD. In part.
Mr. WINDOM. Then the gentleman had
as well not have taken my time to contradict
me, for he now admits that he did say the appro-
priations made by the Senate to carry out
treaties made by the peace commission are
frauds. Why are they frauds? The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butijsu] does not
insist that there is anything in these amend-
ments which is not necessary to carry out these
treaties, and yet the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania says that this is a fraud. I am therefore
corroborated rather than contradicted by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Now, Mr. Chairman, who perpetrated this
enormous fraud upon the country? Bear in
mind the circumstances under which this peace
commission went out. An expenditure at the
rate of $50,000,000 a year was depleting the
Treasury and something must be done to pre-
vent it. The Senate and House of Represent-
atives united in selecting the best men that
could be found in the nation to go out into the
Indian country and ascertain what could be
done to save us this vast expenditure, and the
united wisdom of these two bodies selected the
following gentlemen : N. G. Taylor, Commis
sioner of Indian Affairs; J. B. Henderson*,
Senator of the United States ; W. T. Sher-
man, Lieutenant General of the Army of the
United States; William S. Harney, brevet
major general, a gentleman who has seen more
Indian service than any man on this continent
or in the world; John B. Sanborn, another
gentleman who has had long experience in the
Army and in the Indian country ; Alfred H.
Terry, brevet major general; S. F. Tappan,
and C. O. Augur, brevet major general.
Mr. Chairman, I apprehend that when that
commission was appointed there was not a man
in this whole land who believed that more hon-
est, more honorable, ora more intelligentcom-
mission could possibly be found within the
boundaries of the United States. When this
commission went out to the Indian country
several of them believed in the war policy
which has prevailed in this House. They
spent a year or more in that country and came
back completely converted from that theory
to the more sensible one which they recom-
mend in their report. These gentlemen hav-
ing this matter in special charge, devoting more
than a year to its investigation on the ground
and among the Indians, after considering the
