im
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLQB&
February 27j
whole question came, to the conclusion that
the only way to save to the country this great
loss of life and treasure is the mode which they
have adopted, as expressed in the treaties under
consideration.
Mr. DODGE. I desire to ask the gentleman
one question. Does the gentleman assert that
the members of the commission to which he
refers favor to-day the same policy that they
supported when those treaties were made? Are
they all in favor now of carryingout these treaties
and making these appropriations?
Mr. W1ND0M. xes, sir; they are all in
favor of it.
Mr. DODGE. Has not General Sherman
said that the Indians having gone to war we
must whip them before we feed them?
Mr. W1ND0M. General Sherman may have
tnade use of such remarks in regard to the In-
dians in the southern part of the country, with
whom we are at war.
Mr. DODGE. Does not this treaty provide
for two tribes of the South, the Arapahoes
and Cheyennes? Is not a part of this appro-
priation designed for them?
Mr. WIN DOM. It is true, I believe, that
with regard to the Indians referred to by the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr, Dodge] General
Sherman has made such a declaration. The
gentleman from Kansas [Mr. Clarke] called
the attention of (he gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Bctler] to the fact that there were
certain Indians with whom treaties were made
wbo were to-day at war with us. That is also
true. Last summer we were informed that unless
money should be appropriated to carry out our
treaty stipulations with those very Cheyennes
and Arapahoes we should have war with them.
We did not make that appropriation and war
has followed, as it was then predicted by myself
and others that war would follow. And Gen-
eral Sherman has said that he has exhausted
the peace policy with those tribes and that we
must now fight them. But if we had kept our
agreements with them we would, in my opiniou,
have no war to-day. And I know from per-
sonal consultation with General Sherman that
he agreed with me in this opinion. However,
I was simply calling the attention of the House
to the question as to who it was that committed
these unmitigated frauds upon the country. I
have referred to the character of the men who
made the treaties aud who are responsible for
the frauds, if frauds they be, and to their means
of knowing what was best to be done under the
circumstances. Now, sir, let me say that the
question as to what shall be our Indian policy
now meets us face to face. Thegentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has very fairly
stated the issue before the country to-day. We
are called upon to-night and in this Chamber to
settle this most important and difficult question.
We cannot dodge it. The Senate has tendered
to us the issue.. Our settlements have pressed
the Indian backuntil he can go no further. One
of our railroads already extends across the con-
tinent, and others we hope will soon do so. The
miner has penetrated every mountain, and on
almost every prairie our pioneers and farmers
are staking out their homes for settlement and
cultivation. The question cannot be longer
shirked. We have driven those Indians from
the Atlantic sea-board to the mountains and
plains of the West. They can go no further.
The returning tide of emigration already meets
them from the Pacific coast. The march of civil-
ization cannot be and should not be checked.
We must provide for the wants of the Indian
or fight him, and we must act at once. Our
action ou this bill will decide that question.
It has been asked here to-night whether the
Indians have given up any lands ? Look over
this whole broad country, from the Atlantic to
the Rocky mountains, and you behold the lands
that those Indians have given up. They are
not mere jiensioners upon your bounty. You
have ihus far robbed them of everything. You
have made treaties with them and you have
violated them. You have made treaties with
them ever since the organization of the Gov-
ernment} and I believe the gentleman from
Dakota [Mr. Burleigh] is not far wrong when
he says that you have never kept one of those
treaties from that day down to the present
time. We have taken from them all they had.
A short time ago they had hunting-grounds
in the West, but now the iron-horse is heard
among them and the buffalo is disappearing.
Either those Indians must starve or fight or we
must feed them. The issue, then, is fairly and
squarely presented to this House and we must
meet it. What shall we do?
Now, recurring again to this commission, let
me say that we authorized those men to go out,
to that country and make treaties. They did
make those treaties. To illustrate my posi-
tion, let me refer to the Sioux Indians. The
commissioners agreed that those tribes should
be brought upon three reservations. They were
brought upon them. Less than one year has
elapsed since that treaty was made. Those
Indians came upon the reservation in obedience
to our call. They came there trusting the faith
of this great nation. They came there under
not merely an implied but an absolute and per-
fect pledge of faith on the part of the United
States—a pledge made not merely by the Sen-
ate of the United States and the President, but
the positive pledge of this House as well as of
the Senate. This House joined in sending the
commission to that country. We expressly
authorized that commission to make those
treaties in order to secure peace. The com-
mission did make those treaties. The Indians,
in pursuance of the treaties, came upon the
reservations. That was only one year ago.
And now the monstrous proposition is enter-
tained by this House to violate our national
faith thus solemnly plighted.
We are asked what will be the result. I
will tell you what it will be. It will be pre-
cisely the same that it has ever been heretofore.
Whenever we have violated faith by refusing
to pay a dollar justly due we have paid from
ten to a thousand dollars as a penalty for such
national dishonor.
I know, Mr. Chairman, that the amounts
summed up by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts are startling. I wish we could maintain
peace by paying less. I wish we could main-
tain our faith by paying less. But, sir, these
figures are not half so startling as the war
accounts brought in to be audited and settled
for Indian wars. We are reminded to-night
by the gentlemau from Massachusetts of the
policy pursued by General Harney in feeding
the Indians on the Missouri river. We are
told that it will cost the Government $650,000
to feed them for a year. Mr. Chairman, there
are of those Indians from ten to twelve thou-
sand. We have thus far kept our treaty obli-
gations with them and they have kept their
treaty obligations with us, and for a year our
expenditures for twelve thousand Indians are
about six hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
Take the other case in the South; and I am
glad that when this issue meets us as it does
to-night there stand oat so prominently these
illustrations of the two policies between which
we must choose. The policy pursued in the
North under General Harney is the policy I
advocate ; that pursued in the South with refer-
ence to the Arapahoe and Cheyenne Indians
is the policy which gentlemen on the other
side of this question urge. It is a fortunate
thing for us that now when we are called
upon to settle this question these illustrations
are presented so forcibly. We are asked to
night in this Indian bill to vote about five
hundred thousand dollars to carry out the policy
pursued by General Harney. We were called
upon within the same week to vote as the result
oi the other policy a deficiency bill amounting
to §19,000,000, and I think that at least
$15,000,000 of that deficiency was for the Indian
war.
Thus in one case we kept our treaty obliga-
tions, and it cost us $650,000 all told to take
care of twelve thousand Indians. In the other
case we violated our woid, stood out before
the world as faithless to our treaty obligations,
and it cost us at least $16,000,000 to take care
of not mora than six thousand Indians. Hon-
esty is the best policy for nations as well as
for individuals, and 1 beg gentlemen to try the
experiment for once with the Indian tribes.
Is it not worth while to try it if only for the
novelty of the sensation ?
Mr. Chairman, these Indians with whom we
have been at war are upon the most accessible
parts of the country ; they are upon the south-
ern plains. If we had done as it is now pro-
posed to do; if we had violated our treaty
faith with the Sioux Indians and put them
upon the war-path, they would have fled to
the mountains of the North, when it would
have been impossible for forty thousand men to
conquer them. The peace commissioners give
us some information as to the success of our
Indian wars heretofore. I wish I had more
time to read what they say; but I will give a
specimen. After speaking of a war that was
wholly inexcusable on our part, produced by
our breach of faith, they use this language:
" Many will be astonished that a war ensued which
cost the Government $30,003,000 and carried confla-
gration and death to the border settlements. Dur-
ing the spring and summer of 1865 no less than eight
thousand troops were withdrawn from the effective
forces eogaged in suppressing the rebellion to meet
this Indian war. The result of the year's campaign
satisfied all sensible men that war with Indians was
both useless and expensive."
This is in the report which is signed by Gen-
eral Sherman, General Terry, General San-
born, General Augur, and General Harney.
A million dollars tor each Indian killed 1 Yet,
sir, we pause to consider the question whether
we shall so act as to stir up an Indian war
throughout the States and Territories of the
West. We are told by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] that if we adopt
the policy of the Senate amendments it will
cost us hereafter at the rate of $12,000,000 per
annum. I read recently a carefully prepared
statement of what Indian wars heretofore bave
cost us, and it was there shown that the ex-
pense to the Government was more than twenty
million dollars a year for the last forty years.
I will put it, for ttie sake of t.he argument., at
only one half of that sum, aud say that for the
last forty years the Government has expended
$10,000,000 a year for Indian wars. Nearly
all of those wars might have been avoided if
the policy of peace and good faith which is
now proposed had been adopted and pursued
by the Government. Look, if you please, at
the comparative expense of this enormous esti-
mate made by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts and the expense of carrying on an Indian
war. I think the gentleman estimates it one
hundred per cent, too high. Six millions will,
I am quite sure, much more than cover it. But
admit for the present that he is correct. Gen-
eral Sherman stated before the Military Com-
mittee, and I think the members of that com-
mittee will bear me out in what I am going to
state, that to support a regiment of inlantry on
the plains costs !pl,000,000 a vear, and to sup-
port a regiment of cavalry at least $2,000,000
a year. That being the case it would take but
a short Indian war to amount to many times
more than would be necessary to carry oat
these treaty stipulations. What is proposed,
therefore, is a matter of the wisest economy,
to say nothing about the public faith and the
public honor. To carry out these treaty stip-
ulations, therefore, is alike Jue to the public
faith which has been pledged aud to the spirit
of humanity which ought to actuate the deal-
ings of a powerful republican Government.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] says if we refuse to make these appro-
priations, what then? The answer stands out
on every page of American history. The
"what then" will be a troublesome and ex-
pensive Indian war. While I am not a de-
fender of the Indian, still I believe there is not
a civilized nation on the face of the earth which
would treat the Indians-as we have treated
them. If any of those nations had made a
treaty with us, and that nation had not kept its
faith or carried out its obligations under their
treaty, neither the ge-.itlemaD from Massachu-
setts nor any one now acting with him would
