mm O0N&KE8SI0N1H' &LOBE.
February 0,
W^DELAiUQ. Well, to save time, I will
eoSseBtrto make it,$5,000,000.
Mr. BLAINE. I will accept,;tfiajt amend-
ment.
The amendment, as modified, reducing the
amount from $8,000,000 to $5,000,000, was
agreed to.
The Cleik, read as follows: ,
for hire or commutation o£ ouarters for officers On
military duty; hi re Tor quarters oft troops* of store-
houses for th«; safe keeping of military stores, and
of grounds for summer cantonments; for the con-
struction of temporary liuts, hospitals, and stables,
and for repairing public buildings at established
posts, 82,000,000. ■ • • ■ ■
Mr. BLAINE', I move that this item be
reduced to $1,500,000.
Mr. DELANO. I wove to amend go as to
make it $1,000,000.'
Mr. BLAINE.. . Well, I will accept that
amendment.
Mr. WINDOM. Cannot this item be .still
further reduced 7 As a matter of course we
shall pass the bill of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusets [Mr. Botlek] taking away from
officers commutations of quarters. Th&t will
take away a large proportion of the expenses
of this Department.
Mi. BLAINE. That' would involve the
necessity for a larger appropriation for the pay
department proper, aftd the matter should have
to be regulated by a trtasf&v j because the gen-
tleman from- Mefa'sa'chttsetts proposes that all
Shall be paid out of the appropfiatititi for the
pay rf the Army in lieu of these various forms
of payment. As the money will have to be
supplied irr some way it might just as well be
appropriated in -this form as in any other.
Mr. WINDOM. It had better come in a
direct shape.
Mr. BLAINE. The aggregate amouut would
be the s&ma.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For heating and cooking-stoYos, 825,000.
Mr. BUTLER, o-f Massachusetts. I have
been instructed by the committee to move to
amend by adding after the paragraph just read
the proviso which I send to the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That the commanding officer of a post
whor,eanyltwidof the UuitodStatesis occupied by any
civilian for a private purpose is required to chargo
rent for the same, the amount of wiiioh ront shall be
ascertained by advertising for proposals before the
1st day of Jttly in each year in at least one paper in
the State or Territory in which the land lies; and the
name raall bo let to the highest bidder theretor for
the year next ensuing, subject to the approval of the
Secretary of War: Provided, Said land shall bo va-
unted by the tenant On nbtiee, when the exigencies
of the servioe may require, without any claim for
daujagesforremoval; Andprovided/wtlusr, That the
Quartermaster General shall bo authorized in like
manner to lease any lands or buildings of the United
Statiis Under the oliarge of the War Department
during the time in which the same are not needed fur
the use of the Govoruinout.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There
are, Mr. Chairman, at various military posts
quite a number ot private persons occupying
lands belonging to the Government without
the payment of rent, nobody being authorized
to charge them auy rent. In other cases,
buildings owned by the United States which
it would not be good economy to sell, because
they may be wanted at any time, are standing
empty, with watchmen employed at thirty dol-
lars a month to take care of them, there being
no power in the quartermaster's or the War
Department (o rent those buildings.
Now, while we have been appropriating
large sums of money to be paid out of the
public Treasury, 1 have been endeavoring to
find some means by which some money may
be paid in. In pursuance of this endeavor the
committee have agreed to this amendment
providing that whenever any civilian occupies
lands of the plaited, States at any military post
the commanding officer shall charge him rent,
which rent shall be ascertained by offering the
property, by public advertisement, to the high-
est bidder, the renting tp be subject, to the
approval of the Secretary of War. It is also
provided that such renting of the property
shall not authorize any claim for, damaged .if
the exigencies of the service should require
the removal of the tenant ; - ■ , I'
I .will- mention, by way of .illustration, a case
that occurred dbriBg.the late war. Near Fort-
ress, Monroe a hotel had'been permitted to be
erected some thirty years ago upon land.ctf the
United States without th'e payment of any rent.
The structure covered the guns of, the fort on
one side; In the course of years the property
became very valuable, being resorted to as a
Catering place* When,the Merrimac was about
to come down Hampton Roads the,general in
command, in order to uiicdver the guas on that
side of the forty ordered the hotel to be torn
down; and although it had been erected with-
out any lawful authority the owner now comes
here and asks'to be remnneratedi . One object
of this amendment is to prevent occurrences
of that kind. • i,
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope that.this amend-
ment will prevail. The Committee On Military
Affairs have had their attention,,.called to.the
same class of cases to- which the gentlemau
from Massachusetts [Mr. BoTMiR]-has referred,
and are in favor of the adoption of such a pro-
vision as tie gentleman proposes.
Mr. DODGE. I do not know that-1 have
any particular objection to the amendment,
but I desire to point out. how, it seems to me,
it might perhaps operate injuriously to the
Government in some cases. At the, western
posts there is frequently but a small portion
of the adjacent couutry on which bay can be
raised. Now, if such a portion of a reserva-
tion should be rented. the'pfeuson renting it
would be able to demand whatever price he
pleased for the hay. I simply desire to call
attention to this point. If the amendment is
sufficiently guarded I have no objection.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Let me suggest to the
gentleman from Massachusetts to add at the
end of his amendment the words "and the
proceeds thereof shall be covered into the
Treasury of the United States.''
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I modify
my amendment in that way.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I move to reduce the
appropriation from $25,000 to $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
i'or the ordnance service, required to defray the
curront expenses at tho arsenals of receiving stores
and issuing arms and other ordnance supplies; of
police and office duties; of rents, tolls, tuel, and
lights; ol stationery and oflice furniture; of tools and
instruments for use; of public animals, forage, and
vehiclos; incidental expenses of the ordnance ser-
vioe, including those attending practical trials and
tests of ordnance, small-arms, and other ordnunce
supplies, ^200,000: Provided, That no money appro-
priated by this act shall be used to pay for any new
cannon or small-arms.
Mr. BLAINE. That is all right, arid the
Clerk can read on.
The Clerk read as follows:
. Fur surveys for military defenses, $200,000.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the gentleman from
Maine whether he intends to reduce that appro-
priation ?
Mr. BLAINE. I do not.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to reduce the
appropriation from $200,000 to $50,000.
Mr. Chairman, my information on this sub-
ject I will not conceal is not extensive. I made
considerable inquiry about it, for this large
appropriation did not receive my concurrence
in the committee. If they were not engaged
in preparing the material already collected and
ready for printing, I believe I should be in
favor_ of striking it out altogether. You see
what it is. It is for surveys for military defenses.
1: ou would suppose that officers are to be sent
to survey the country and to fix upon sites for
the building of forts and to make suggestions
generally in relation to them. Rut that is not
the purpose at all. They are making a geo-
graphical survey of the western country, and
although it may be information for the benefit
of the world, still it is knowledge which we
will acquire in course of time without these I
surveys. One -geatlenjan familiar with this
subjeety who urgftd the fttatter upon my atten-
tion, said that $50,000 Wouldt Complete the
survey, but that $109,000-was desired-by the
Department here to "prepare and publish the
data which it has already on hand. I am in
favor of appropriating $50,000 for this purpose,
and not. one cent more. - ; ; ■
Mr. BLAINE. I am sorry the gentleman
from Pennsylvania carries, his opposition from
the committee into the House. We had a strong
statement from the chief engineer, which was
str6i>gly indorsed by .Secretary Schoftehl, and
still the committee cut down the appropriation
$100,000. Notwithstanding it had been, thus
cut down General Gran1-., after, having carefully
examined the w,hole-subject, wrote a letter to
the committee, which-1 will take "the liberty to
read.. :
Hbadotartees Army of  bb4 IWItbD'Siates,
Washington, P, C.., Jwwtrg 26, 1869.
Sir; Understanding tl)at, your, committee have
struck out of the appropriations, for river "and harbor
improvements the sum of $100,000,1 -take the"liberty
to express to you the opinion that it would te of
great public advantage to have that amount; ce,St9red,
and the total sum ot' $200,000 transferred from that
appropriation to an appropriation for military sur-
veys, &a. A work of vast importance to the mining
interest of the country had progressed from the Py-cjiio
coast eastward to the east end of Salt Lake, taking
in a belt of country one hundred or more miles in
width along the- .line of the Pacific railroad. The
appropriation here asked for is necessary to co m plete
this work to the plains east of the Rocky mountains.
When done, ana published for the information1 of
the public, the miner and the agriculturist will have
comp)ete information of the resources of the country
described agriculturally and mineralogically. In
military operations, should any be necess^Ty, the
information will be of vast-importance. I would add
tp this recommendation the further,recommendation
that authority be given to the Secretary of War to
publish the results of these surveys when completed,
and to pay expenses of the same from any unex-
pended appropriations under his control.
I have the honor to be, with great respect, your
obedient servant,
■ .' U..S. GRANT, General.
Chairman Committee on Appropriations,
Ilouse of Representatives,
Those representations induced the Commit-
tee on Appropriations to restore the appropri-
ation to $200,000. I know • that among the
most intelligent officers, with whom no suspi-
cion has even remotely been connected, look
upon this matter with the greatest interest and
favor, and I hope it will not be cut down one
dime.
Mr. SCOFIELD. • I had no idea that there
is a job in this on the part .of the Engineer
Bureau. I believe it is a pretty honest bureau,
being under the. control of scientific men and
good citizens. Now, if we want to send en-
gineers to the Rocky mountains to measure
their height and to tell the depths of the val-
leys for the purpose of making a map of the
country, we can make this appropriation. If
other gentlemen wish to make this appropria-
tion they can do so ; but I shall not give my
assent to it when T deem it unnecessary, and
especially at a time when the Secretary of the
Treasury reports to us at the close of every
month that _ ou.r expenses are continually in-
creasing while our revenues are as continually
growing smaller.
Mr. BLAINE. If this were an original
enterprise the remarks of the gentleman would
properly apply. This appropriation is ren-
dered necessary, if we do not wish to nullify
all that has been already done. I think that we
had better leave theappropriationoutaltogether
than to reduce it as.-has been proposed by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, so as to say at
once that we do not want the work to go for-
ward, that we do not consider it important, and
will not appropriate any money for it. The
letter of General Grant to my mind gives ample
evidence of the importance of this work, and
I trust that the appropriation asked for will not
be denied.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman is mis-
taken ; only about fifty thousand dollars of this,
it is claimed by the friends of the enterprise,
is wanted to complete the survey ; the balance
is-to be used by officers here in Washington
in preparing the material already collected,
and which shall be collected, for publication,
