1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ht>5
hesitate for a moment to say in that event that
we should go to war. How, then, can we
expect more of savages, who know nothing
about international laws? They only know that
you have pledged yourself by treaty to give
them these provisions for which these appro-
priations are made, and if you do not give them
they know of no other means of obtaining
redress except by going to war. And, sir,
fight they will it we do not carry out the treaties
made with them in 1868 ; and if they do we
will have upon our hands an Indian war which
will cost us hunareds of millions of dollars and
thousands of lives. I have not had the oppor-
tunity to examine any of these treaties until
to-night, but I say that it will cost us at least
$50,000,000 a year if we shall fail to carry them
out. And as I shall not have after tins another
opportunity to be heard on the Indian question
I wish to put upon record this prophecy: that
if we shall fail to carry out these treaties such
breach of faith will cost us from forty to fifty
million dollars a year.
I yield the remainder of my time to the gen-
tleman from California.
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Chairman, I did not hear
all of the remarks which were made by the
member from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
but I heard part of them, and I heard the
question of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Shellabarger.] I have also heard other gen-
tlemen who, whether they addressed the Chair
or the committee, have certainly spokenloudly
enough to be heard by a large portion of the
members of the House. They have told us
that the Piesidentand Senate had exercised a
power in making these treaties which they did
not possess under the Constitution. It is the
same question which was raised under the
treaty with Ilussiaby which we acquired Alaska.
I beg leave to call the attention of the com-
mittee to something that we have on the statute-
book which goes further to control this House
than any arguments that have been made or
any question that has been raised with reference
to the treaty lor the purchase of Alaska. My
friend from Minnesota [Mr. Wisdom] has in-
dicated what that is. He has referred to the
report made by the commissioners authorized
by Congress to go and make the investigation.
These commissioners were authorized by act
of Congress to do just what they did do. Now,
what were they authorized to do ? The report
begins as follows:
" Theundersigued commissioners appointed under
tbe actot Congress approved July 20,18d7, to establish
peace with certain hostile Indian tribes were author-
ized by said act to call together the chiets and head
men ot such bands of Indians," &c.
The report goes on to specify what the powers
of the commissioners were as conferred by act
of Congress, and among other things they were
authorized to make treaties with the Indian
tribes—not to refer to Congress—that is not
the language of the act; but "to make such
treaty stipulations, subject to the action of the
Senate, as may remove all just causes of com-
plaint oil their part." Those are the words
of tbe act. But that it may be better under-
stood I will send the act itself to the Clerk's
desk and ask him to read the first section, so
that the members of this committee may see
where the foundation lies for the action that
was taken by the commissioners and by the
Senate of the United States.
The Clerk read as follows :
" lie it enacted, dbc,. That the President of the United
States be, and he is hereby, authorized to a.ppoint a
commission to consist of three officers of the Army
not below tiio rank of brigadier general, who, to-
gether with N. G. Taylor, Commissioner of Indian
Affairs; John B. Henderson, chairman of the Com-
mitter of Indian Affairs of tho Senate; S. S. Tappail,
and John B. Sanborn, shall have power and author-
ity to call together tho chiels and head men of such
bands or tribes of Indians as are waging war against
the United States or committing depredations upon
the people thereof, to ascertain the alleged reasons
lor their acts of hostility, and in their discretion,
nn -er the direction of the Pre-i ienr, to make and
conclude with said bands or tubes such treaty stipu-
lations. subject to the action of the Senate, as may
remove all just causes of complaint on their part and
at the same time establish security for person and
property along the lines of railroad now being con-
structed to the Pacific and other thoroughfares of
travel to the western Territories, and such as will
most likely insure civilization for the Indians and
peace and safety for the whites."
Mr. HIGBY. Read also the seventh sec-
tion.
The Cleik read as follows:
"Si-:c. 7. And be it fui titer enacted, That said com-
missioners report their doings under this act to the
President of the United States, including any such
treaties and all correspondence as well as evidence
by them taken."
Mr. HIGBY. Thus it appears that all the
treaties that were made with these Indians by
this commission were made under a law of
Congress which this House united with the
Senate in enacting, authorizing the treaties to
be made by the commissioners and to be sub-
mitted to the Senate of the United States—not
to the Congress of the United States—for rati-
fication. So that instead of this being done by
the treaty- making power that is exercised under
the Constitution, in the right to exercise which
this House was divided in its expression of
opinion one year ago, it is made under a law of
Congress approved July 20, 1867, and the
action of the Senate with reference to the mat-
ter is based upon this law of Congress and not
upon the power that body claims to exercise
under the Constitution.
Fui thermore, the last section which was read
by theClerkshowsthatthecommissioners were
not to refer the evidence that they took to Con-
gress at all, but were to submitit, together with
the treaties, to the President of the United
States, and the whole subject was to be entirely
under the control of the Presidentand the Sen-
ate of the United States, as regards completing
the treaties with the Indian tribes.
If, therefore, I am correct in basing all this
proceeding upon this law of Congress, what
becomes of the position taken by the member
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] and I
think I may infer of every member of the
Committee on Appropriatiouy, from the remark
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Scofield,] as well as the position taken
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shella-
barger] in raising the question which he did?
This House, together with the Senate, having
passed this law and vested this authority to
make these treaties where it has, it is too late
for this body to undertake to raise the question
whether the treaties were properly made.
Now, sir, I do not distinctly understand the
insinuation of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Scofield.] I, however, gathered
from the language which he used that some
great wrong has been committed in the making
of these treaties with the Indians by the Senate
and the President of the United States, and
that some at least of the amendments made to
this bill by the Senate are based upon those
treaties. Then, Mr. Chairman, the whole
action of the Committee on Appropriations in
rejecting all these amendments of the Senate,
if a portion of them are for the purpose of
carrying out these treaty stipulations, must be
entirely erroneous if I am correct as to that
law of July 20, 1807; for this House cannot
undo that which has been accomplished by the
joint action of the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives with the approval of the Executive.
Mr. Chairman, there has been a great deal
of debate here upon this Indian question, and
as upon the 4th of March I cease to be a ser-
vant of the people and become one of the
sovereigns, and my voice cannot thereafter be
raised here, it may be well enough for me to
take this, probably the last opportunity I may
have, to state that there was a special com-
mission appointed at the close of the Thirty-
Eighth Congress, consisting of four members
of the House and three of the Senate, to make
an investigation into the condition of our
Indian affairs. The four members ofthe House
who were upon that commission are still here,
but upon the 4th of March next all four of them
will cease to be members of Congress. Allow
me to state the history of the proceedings of
that commission or joint committee of the two
Houses. The committee, seven in number—
and the last of the three Senators goes out on
the 4th of Mareh—after making as thorough
an investigation as they could make during the
recess, dividing the Indian territory among
them and making a personal inspection as far
as possible, were unauimous in reporting a
bill to Congress. It passed the Senate by a
large majority and came to this House. Here
it was taken in charge by the Committee on
Military Affairs, and without any debate what-
ever in this House they struck out all after the
enacting clause and putin its place a provision
transferring the Indian Bureau to the War
Department. That was the first movement in
the face of the action of the joint committee
and of their uuited judgment as reported to
Congress after thorough investigation.
Sir, we have had another demonstration here
within the last six weeks in the same direction.
It is an effort on the part of this House to trans-
fer the Indian Bureau to the War Department,
and that no appropriations for the Indian ser-
vice shall be made by Congress until the Senate
succumbs to the wishes of this House upon the
subject, instead of the Senate attempting to
force anything upon this House. The Senate
had taken the initiative upon this question and
sent over here a bill which the joint committee
by its unanimous judgment recommended as
the best step to be taken in reference to our
Indian affairs. I felt it due to that committee
that this information should be communicated
to the House. It is a fact that they ought to
know and understand that the Senate passed
that bill and that it came to this House. That
bill provided for the appointment of inspectors.
It proposed to divide the Indian territory into
five districts and appoint three inspectors for
each district, to make annual inspections of
their districts and report to Congress in refer-
ence to their proceedings. That was the united
judgment of the committee, but no one mem-
ber of that committee was allowed to say one
word upon the subject at the time and they
have had little or no opportunity sinee. Had
that bill passed the House and become a law
by receiving the President's signature or being
passed over his veto, and had these inspectors
been appointed and made their inspection aud
furnished the information to Congress which
tbev might have furnished, I have not the least
doubt that this war which has cost the country
millions upon millions might have been avoided.
But no; our mouths were shut; no voice could
be heard here in favor of that measure; there
was but one sentiment prevailing here, and that
was in favor of transferring the whole Indian
Buieau to the War Department; and we who
were upon that committee therefore feel our-
selves relieved of all responsibility in regard to
this matter.
The War Department is the most costly
Department to which our Indian affairs could
have been transferred. There is not a particle
of doubt upon that point. And such will be
the conclusion of members the more they in-
vestigate this matter. Those men who have
spoken upon this floor, who know more prac-
tically about this subject than any others can
know, all come to one and the same conclu-
sion in reference to this matter. Do not tell
me that it costs less to fight Indians than it
does to feed them. One million dollars—
what is it the report says? $1,000,000 I think
it is—for each Indian who has been captured
by the military. And I do not know how many
hundreds of thousands and even millions of
dollars, besides the lives of our soldiers, it" will
cost us to hunt these Indiana over the wide,
wild West.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to call attention
to a fact suggested by my colleague on the
Committee on Indian Affairs [Mr. Hisby] in
connection with a fact which I stated a few
moments sinee. I referred yon to this peace
commission, composed of gentlemen -of the
highest standing and character in this nation.
I stated to yon that they are unanimously in
favor of this policy which I advocate here to-
night. On that point I defy contradiction.
But in 1865 there was another Indian com-
mission, referred to by the gentleman from
