I860.-
THE .CONGRESSIONAL-" GLOBE.
m
Now, when we want to enter upon that work
let us make a-specific appropriation. , •
One word as to the authority, .thatis Gen-
eral Grant., Of course the name of General
Grant is potential with everybody, and any-
thing in the line of his duty, ought to be in the
line of his particular knowledge.
Mr. BLAINE. If the Army operations are
not in his line what in heaven's-naijie is?-
Mr. SCOFIELD. My friend,is too impuls-
ive j he stops me at every stage with an inter-,
caption, by way of comment* on what I say.
Now, when you go to thef head of a Depart-
ment like that of General Grant, you will find
that a large amount of the detail is as unknown
to him as to us. Every member of Congress
who is in the habit of going to the Depart-
ments for information lias learned from ex-
perience that it is idle to go there, that it is
faettej to send a letter. You go, for instance,
to the Secretary of War. He sends you to the
head of a bureau, and the head of the bureau
sends you to another building, perhaps. You
go to that other place, and after getting through
the escort of two or three ushers you come to
some young clerk of the lowest grade, perhaps,
with a §1,200 salary, and he gives you your
information.
[Here the hammer fell,]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I withdraw the amend-
ment. , ■
, Mr. PAINE. J renew it, and yield the floor
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mt,. SCOFIELD. Then at last when you
get to the $1,200 clerk he makes a statement
of what yon want and sends it up to the bureau
officer, who signs it, and sends it to some higher
officer, who signs it again-, and it finally comes
back to the head of the Department; so that
after all yoa depend upon a single clerk. And
you must remember that each one considers
his own Department and the particular line of
his duty as the great object of Government, It
is for us to look over all these Departments
and say how much we can give to this and to
that. I find here the Signal corps service. They
had a larger amount appropriated than the
gentleman from Maine thought proper, and-, so
he cut it down to $5,000. But I find in con-
ferring with these men that they have an idea
that theirs is one.of the most important branches
of the Government. So they all think, and it
is proper they should. I am not saying any-
thing byway of criticism. An officerthatdoes
not magnify his own calling is not likely to be
fit to occupy it.
Mr. BLAINE. If the gentleman will allow
me, the whole gravamen of his charge is that
this comes through some routine in which Gen-
eral Grant may have sent a letter of some sub-
ordinate .without having any knowledge on the
subject himself. Now I happen to know that
General Grant devoted a considerable portion
of one day to a special examination of what
had been done in this line, and the letter 1
read is his autograph, and is addressed to the
Committee on Appropriations in his own hand.
So that all this routine the gentleman speaks
of about some $1,200 clerk does not apply to
this case. General Grant made the examina-
tion personally and wrote the letter himself,
and I have barely to repeat that if his recom-
mendation in regard to Army matters and mili-
tary surveys is not an appropriate matter to be
quoted here I would like to know in what de-
partment his recommendation is to be regarded.
I never heard of his interposing in anything
except the Army. , .
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am not questioning the
authority of General Grant, who sends this let-
ter, at all. I am not antagonizing his judgment
upon the importance of this survey at all. I
am saying that he states to us what, he thinks
of it and how important he considers it to the
country, and then he leaves it for us to determ-
ine whether we have the money just now to
embark in this business or not. In the same
way, if necessary, I suppose every other depart-
ment of the military service could get the sanc-
tion of General Grant.
Mr. WOOD. I would suggest as.tile-gentle-
man from Mainet, the gentleman frojriPennsyl-
vania, and the gentleman from Massachusetts-
are all three leading members ofthe Committee
on Appropriations,) and as this military appro-
priation bill has- been reported from that com-
mittee, we had supposed e® this side of the
House -that there had beea a concurrence in
that committee as to its details.
Mr. SCOFIELD. > I will say to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Wood,] as the
gentlemaa .from Maine [Mr. Blaise] has re-
ferred to'it, though I do not know whether it
is parliamentary or.not, that I took the same
view of this matter in the committee as I do
now ; but it is perhaps proper for me to gay
that the gentleman from Maine, who took the
opposite side, had a majority of the committee
wi.th him, and 1 do not know but that he had
all the other members of the committee with
him.
Mr. BLAINE. - I beg the gentleman's par-
don. I referred to the gentleman's position in
the committee rather, to relieve him than
otherwise, because I did not want it to be sup-
posed that he took one part in the committee
and another here.
• Mr.. WOOD. As the gentleman from Maine
has voluntarily introduced • the name of the
distinguished President-elect as authority for
this appropriation, I desire to inquire ot him
whether the committee have consulted with
General Grant, and whether we are to under-
stand that this appropriation bill was sent here
with his indorsement?
Mr. BLAINE. Does the gentleman's ques-
tion apply to all the items (5f the bill or only
to the one under discussion ?
Mr. WOOD. 1 understood the gentleman
to say that he read the letter from General
Grant as authority for this particular appro-
priation.
Mr. BLAINE. Yes, sir.
Mr. WOOD- My inquiry is whether we are
to understand that the- committee have con-
sulted with General Grant as to the whole bill,
and that it is here with his indorsement after
his examination?
- Mr. BLAINE. No, sir; the committee
heard nothing whatever from General Grant
except on this particular item. I suppose the
gentleman from New York is well enough
advised as to the routine of estimates to know
that they go up from the several departments,
the quartermaster's department, the commis-
sary department., and so forth, and come to us
from the Treasury Department General Grant
felt a particular afid special interest in this
matter and sent us this letter, which I have
had read as all the-information I have on the
subject. .
Mr. WOOD. Inasmuch as it is understood
that we are to have peaee, I wanted to know
whether General Grant indorsed an appropria-
tion of $43,000,000 for war purposes.
Mr. DELANO. I simply want to eail atten-
tion to the fact that this appropriation is for
"surveys for military defenses." Now, I
understood from General Grant's letter that
the object of the surveys is to obtain informa-
tion in reference to our mineral resources. If
we are going to make surveys for the purpose
of developing information on that subject let
us do it in a straightforward manner, with no
disguise, in a way that will show the world
what we are at.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
oppose the amendment of my colleague on
the committee from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Sco-
field.] We are eminently a practical people,
and everybody wants to know what we are to
< et for our money. Now, we are to get sur-
veys of the Kooky mountains and ot the
plains for railroads, over which we are asked
dav by day to make large grants in lands or
subsidies. If Congress had known the topog-
raphy of the Rocky mountains when we passed
the Union Pacific railroad bill we could have
saved 320,000,000 to the Government from
that company, because wo .<jupjses$d tl\Cy Were
going to run a railway, owr the mountains,
whereas it appeared that pass.es eonlrt Ije found
in the mountains where, the-r ro«.d_could,,gq
through at much less expense. I.desire, 4k(?s|e-
fore, that this appropriation -shall ber kept in
the bill, so that wemiay have surveys of that
entire country and know- its exact, character
when , we are called-upon to act on bills for
railroads through it. It was for that reason-that
I voted for the appropriation in the committee,
and have Spoken in its favor here, and mea 
to vote for it in the House.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Mr, Chairman, I am
in favor of the proposition ae it stands ih the
bill, upon the general principle that when a
measure of this kind comes before the House
it is reported by the appropriate committee,
whose duty it is to give it full and careful con-
sideration. The House cannot do- so. It is
impossible in the multiplicity of its business
that it should. Hence,, when a bill of this char-
acter cotries from a Committee sanctioned-by
their report, unless there is some obvious rea-
son showing that they have recommended a
measure wrong, I am in favor, of it.
Again, sir, we all know that General Grant
is a very reticent man. We appointed him
General of the Army in spite of nis reticence,
and because of his great military achievements.
In spite of his reticence we elected him to the
Presidency of the United States,.because the
people had confidence in his integrity, ability,
independence, patriotism, and statesmanship.
His. silence has hitherto, excited much ad-
miration, but. now I understand .that-leading
politicians, of somewhat different proclivities it
may be, are alike very much disappointed and
anxious because they do not knotf who are to
receive Cabinctappointments. In this,instance,
however, the General seems to have departed
from his accustomed course, and told us that
the public service demands this appropriation
of $200,000. I believe he knows, and judging
from the past, it is fair to presume that he would
not have spoken unless he.had deemed it neces
sary. Reposing great confidence in the judg-
meut ofthe committee, and finding their conclu-
sions to be fully supported by the indorsement
of the President-elect, I am in favor ot the
appropriation as it stands in the bill.
Mr-. PAINE. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. LOG AN. I renew .the amendment, not
for the purpose of making a speech or an argu-
ment, but to gain some information from the
Committee on Appropriations. If I understand
the letter of General Grant which has been
read he speaks of these surveys as disclosing
the mineral resources of the country, and in
that particular as being very beneficial to the
country. Now, when an appropriation is asked
for those persons who really.disclose the-min-
eral resources of the country by geological
surveys,. I want the Committee on Appropria-
tions to be as generous as they have been here.
This appropriation is not for any such purpose,
according to the language of the bill; it is
clearly for military surveys to discover the mil-
itary defenses of the country, or those points
which may be used- for the military defenses
ofthe country. It, is for military defenses, but
not for a geological development of themineral
resources of the country. Henee I say u Una
appropriation is for a double purpose it, should
be so stated. I am in favor ofthe development
of the resources of the country. I am m tavor ot
an appropriation to pay those men who by geo-
logical surveys show the mineral resources ot
the country. But I know they have been stinted
heretofore by the Committee on Appropriations.
They never have had that which was necessary
to give them sufficient encouragement t,o go on
and furnish us with a full statement of the great
mineral wealth of this country yet, undeveloped.
I am willing that, this should stand. But when
we ask for an appropriation for the purpose or
making geological surveys which will develop
the mineral resources of this country I do not
want to see those men stinted. .
Mr. BLAINE. I am in favor of that object.
