THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 1,
Mr. SUMNER. What is the communica-
tion?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A com-
munication from the Governor of Georgia on
the relations of that State to the General Gov-
ernment. I have had no time to read it, and
hardly know what it is. It will be read if there
be no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that it lie on the
table for the present.
The PEES1DENT pro tempore. It will lie
on the table if there b.e no objection. N
Mr. SHERMAN*. I present the credentials
of Hon. Joshua Hill as a Senator-from nhe
State of Georgia. I ask that they may be read
and the oath administered.
The Secretary read the following credentials:
State of Georgia,
By his Excellency Rupus B. Bullock.
Governor of said tftctte :
To Hon. Joshua Hill, greeting:
"Whereas by the third section of the first article of
tho Constitution of the United States ot America it
is ordered and established that the Senate of tho
United States shall be composed of two Senators
from each State, chosen by the Legislature thereof
for the term of six years;
And whereas the General Assembly of the State of
Geoigi&did* by viva voce vote thereof, on the 28th
day of July, 1868, elect you, the said Joshua Hill, to
be one of the Senators from this State in the Con-
gress of the United States, to servo the unexpired
term ending 4th of March, 1S73:
These are, therefore, to authorizo and commission
you. tho said Joshua Hill, to take session in the Sen-
ate of the United States, forthwith, to use and exer-
cise all and every the privilege and powers which
you may or can do by virtue of the said commission
in behalf of this State.
/Given under my hand and the great seal of the
state, at the capitol, in tho city of Atlanta, this 10th
Any of September, in tho year of our Lord 1868, and of
/the independence ol the United States of America
/the ninety-third.
rT RUFUS B. BULLOCK,
1 ° Governor,
By tho Governor:
DAVID G. COTTTNG,
Secretary of state.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I move that
the credentials of the Senator-elect from Geor-
gia be laid upon the table for the present, until
the committees of the Senate are organized.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
withdraw the motion to lay on the table, which
pei haps is not debatable, and I will make a
statement ill regard to this matter. If the
motion to lay on the table is insisted upon, I
suppose it is not debatable.
Mr. DRAKE. I will atate, Mr. President,
thai I made tho motion to lay on the table on
the supposition that the committees of the Sen-
ate were not in existence at this lime; but
gentlemen around me say that they are in
existence until changed, and therefore I with-
draw the motion to iay upon the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They are not in exist-
ence.
Mr. DRAKE. Now, the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee, the Senator from Illi-
nois, says I was right originally, that the com-
mittees are not in existence. I do not know
which is right; but there are those who know
much better than I do. But, sir, I withdraw for
the present the motion to lay upon the table.
1 state now that I do not think that the Sen-
ator-elect from Georgia should be sworn in
and allowed to take his seat in the Senate at
this time. A very grave question comes up in
connection with the reconstruction of the gov-
ernment of the State of Georgia, a question
which in my opinion the Senate of the United
States is bound to take notice (jf, bound to
investigate, bound to pass upon.* If I under-
stand tho position of matters correctly, after a
loyal Legislature had been elected in that State
under the reconstruction act of Congress, the
white men of the Legislature combined and
expelled from their seats all the colored mem-
bers of the Legislature, thereby placing that
body under rebel control. Jf this be true, then
I claim that we should not recognize the re-
construction of Georgia as complete. There-
fore, sir, 1 move that the credentials of the
Senatoi-elect from Georgia be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President—
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that by his understanding of the
rules of the Senate there are no committees at
this time.
Mr. WILSON, (to Mr. Drake.) Withdraw
your motion. Let the Senator from Ohio make
his statement, and renew it afterward.
Mr. DRAKE. I have withdrawn the motion
to lay upon the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. Itrusttheunusual course
of referring the credentials of a Senator-elect
will not be adopted unless for good reason.
If there is any objection to the person-elect for
want of loyalty or for any other reason, thert!
is no objection by me or by any one to a refer-
ence. But no ground has been laid for a refer-
ence. It is unusual unless some allegation is
made affecting the status of the State or affect-
ing the status of the person. Now, a few facts
and a few dates are all that it is necessary to
state in regard to this matter.
There can be no objection to the person,
because Hon. Joshua Hill is well known to
have been a Union man throughout the war,
to be now able to take the oath, and to be one
of the very few of those living in the South
through the war who were not forced or who
were not willingly in a condition to give aid to
the rebels in arms. He is now prepared to
take the oath of office, having been faithful
and true during the whole war, and having
been duly elected by the Legislature of the
State of Georgia.
Now, a word in regard to the condition of
the State of Georgia. Georgia has been recog-
nized by this Senate and by the House of Rep-
resentatives as a State in the Union, having
complied with the reconstruction laws, having
adopted the constitutional amendment, and her
compliance with the reconstruction acts having
been approved and sanctioned both by the Sen-
ate and House. It seems that on the 18th day of
July, 1808, the Governor was inaugurated. On
the20thof July, 1808, members of the House of
Representatives from the State of Georgia,
elected according to our acts, presented them-
selves at the bar ofthe House of Representatives
and were admitted and sworn into office, and
now sit there as members ofthe House. On the
28th of July, 1868, as is shown by the record
here, Mr. Hill was elected Senator from the
Stale of Georgia. That was at a time when
all the members of the Legislature were in
their seats before the question as to the eligi-
bility of certain members arose in the Legis-
lature at, all. He was elected by a very large
majoiity of all, including those who have since
been ejected. Subsequently to that time a por-
tion of the members of the Legislature were
ejected from the senate and house of the State
of Georgia. This conduct of the majority is
as much disapproved by the Senator-elect as
by any one of us. It was a gross outrage ; a
violation, in myjudgment,, of the constitutional
amendment, and a violation of the reconstruc-
tion acts. It is an outrage which ought to be
corrected ; but it seems to ine it would be very
hard indeed to make a gentleman duly elected
by the whole Legislature, and a Union man,
entitled to his seat here, who disapproves the
action of the Legislature, suffer for conduct
which he does notapprove, and which he hopes,
by having a seat here among us, to be able in
part to correct.
Tins is the view which is presented to me,
and I trust, therefore, the Senator from Mis-
souri will not press this question. If this case
goes to the Judiciary Committee, it leaves this
gentleman in suspense on a reference to the
committee, when there is no ground for such
a reference. In myjudgment we ought never
to make such a reference unless facts are stated,
on the responsibility of a member, which are
sufficient to exclude the Senator-elect from his
; seat. Now, if the fact as stated by the Senator
from Missouri be admitted, it lays no ground
! whatever for the exclusion of the Senator-elect
j from the State of Georgia, because that fact
transpired days after he was duly elected by
the whole Legislature; after he'received his
certificate of election from the Governor of
that State, when his right to his seat here was
complete; after his colleagues in the_ other
House had taken their seats. That action of
the Legislature is disapproved by him, and he
hopes by having a seat in the Senate to be able,
in some degree, to correct it. That will be
one of the first acts of his senatorial service.
He believes that duty to the people of the State
of Georgia requires him to endeavor to correct,
so far as possible, that gross outrage of the
majority of the Legislature of Georgia. I trust,
therefore, that the Senator-elect will be allowed
to take the usual oath and enter upon the dis-
charge of his duties.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, the question
that is involved in the matter now before us is
whether the power of the Senate over a recon-
structed rebel State ends with the moment
that that State may have been recognized in
one or the other House of Congress as being
a State restored to her position m the Union.
I contend not, sir; else it would be in the
power of any one of those States, the day or
the moment after it had been recognized as a
State in the Union, again to undo everything
that it had done, to place itself in a conditiou
of quasi revolt against the authority of tho
General Government again, and to restore the
power of rebels there, and still Congress be
utterly unable to do anything for the protec-
tion of the loyal men of the State. I do not
believe in any such doctrine. I intend to
resist any sucla doctrine in the Senate. 1 bold,
sir, that Congress has a continuing and un-
diminished power over those States, to pre-
serve what was built up there in their recon-
struction, and I do not intend to vote for the
admission of any Senator from any one of
those States that has'attempted to undo the
ascendency there of loyal men and put rebels
there into the ascendency.
It is for this reason that I object to the State
of Georgia being now represented upon this
floor. Of course I can have no personal ob-
jection'to the honorable gentleman who is the
Senator-elect frnrm that State. I have no doubt
that all that has been said of him by the Sen-
ator from Ohio is perfectly true. But the
question is not a personal one. The question
is as to the supremacy of the Congress of the
United States over the reconstruction of the
rebel States, the power of Congress to secure
loyal ascendency in those Stales and to put
down rebel ascendency, the continuing power,
not the power ended when we passed the laws
we did here at the last session, but the power
abiding to secure the results which we then
attempted to establish.
I wish this matter to be investigated. I wish
the facts to go before the country. 1 wish that
we should know what ground we are going
upon in giving a seat here to a Senator from a
State that has thrown off loyal supremacy in
its Legislature, by banishing from its halls of
legislation the colored men who were elected
by the people and admitting white rebels to
hold that State in subjection to rebel dictation
and control. That my object, sir. I state
it frankly. If it be the will of the Senate that
this matter shall have no attention at all at
this time, but that the Senator elect from
Georgia shall be admitted, of course I bow
with respect and submission to their decision ;
but it cannot be done with my vote.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, it seems to
me that the Senator from Missouri and the
Senator from Ohio have not touched the pri-
mary ground on which objection should be made
to the admission of these Senators. As I
understand the case the reconstruction laws
have not been complied with. The prior
ground of objection is that a portion of-the
members of that Legislature were expressly
disqualified by the reconstruction laws, and
therefore were not legal members of that
Legislature. In connection with this subject,
1 ask for the reading to the Senate of the com-
munication from the Governor of Georgia
which has been received this morning and laid
on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection the paper will be read.
