1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
island. A reduction of the Army force, gen-
tlemen will obaerye,-will not necessarily re-
quire a reduction of that expenditure, but, on
the contrary, an increase of it; because if it is
reduced you have the more need for an armory
in which to store the arras thafc-are not tased.
Mr  W1NDOM. How much was appropri-
ated for the arsenal and armory last year? ■
■ Mr. PRICE. For the arsenal and armory
last -year, $380,000. • Part of that, namely,
$80,000, went to imprpve the water power, for
manufacturing purposes; so that only $300,000
went for the arsenal and armory. X have the
very law here, to which I have taken pains to
refer, with the date of its passage and the rea-
sons urged why it should pass, namely, that
Government should be guarded and the rail-
road should be compelled to pay'its proportion.
Mr. WINDOM. What has been the total
amount appropriated?
Mr. PRICE. That I am unable now'.to
answer.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I can answer that. It is
$1,480,000.
Mr. WINDOM. I think that ought to be
enough.
Mr. .PRICE.. That is rather a singular ob-
jection to come from a gentleman who lives
in the Northwest. I am not much surprised
to find a gentleman who never was there, and
who thinks that buffaloes and Indians have
possession of that country, should need some
information in reference to these matters. But
when it is known that for all the great North-
west there is but one arsenal and armory asked
for or expected, and. that that is to supply all
that vast region of country traversed by the
Mississippi river in one direction, north and
South, and by numerous railroads east and
west,north and south, a region of country never
inhabited by rebels and that never will be, I
am surprised that such an objection should
cofne from a gentleman who lives west of the
Mississippi, and who ought to know something
of the needs of the Northwest.
Mr.-HARDING. I offer as ah amendment
the following proviso: -I
i And provided further, "Chat the sum of $166,00® is
hereby appropriated to continue and oomplete the
development of the water-power to carry out exist-
ing contracts, or so much as may be necessary.
Mr. "BLAINE. That means, I suppose,
$160,000 out of this million?
Mr. HARDING. Yes, sir. I^esire to say
to the House that I have offered the amend-
ment in order to meet a discretionary power
which is contained in this appropriation, and
wffich is estimated for in the document which
I send to the Clerk to be read. I do not ask
this House to determine how this money shall
be appropriated, except so far as to make a
distinction between this mode of appropriation
and an appropriation of money to construct
very expensive officers' quarters and barracks,
which are included in the same estimate which
I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
REPAIRS AND IMPROVEMENTS AT ARMORIES AND
ARSENALS, NAlfULY:
Booh Island Armory and Arsenal, Rock Island,
Illinois.
1. For barracks for enlisted men. fire-proof, and of
Juliet stone  $200,000
2. For permanent offices, fire-proot, and of
Joliet stone......   90,000
3. For subaltern officers' quarters, of Joliet
stone, one double and one single block 55,000
4. -For guard-house, fire-proof, andof Joliet
stone...      30,000
5. For railroad and wagon-road bridge to
connect Rock Island with the cities of
Davenport and Rock Island, in addi-
tion to S200.000 already appropriated... 800,000
6. ior continuation of work on develop-
ment of water-power   200,000
7. For construction of permanent wagon-
road bridge to connect Rock Island with
the town of Moline  125,000
8. For tools, machinery, &o  50,000
Total *1,550,000
Mr. HARDING. Mr. Chairman, I repeat,
that is the estimate of the War Department
submitted to the Committee on Appropriations.
The committee have reduced the estimate
$500r000. Now, the items to be met by this
appropriation are some of tho.se mentioned in
that estimate; and I propose to distinguish in
favor of developing the water-power as against
the construction of officers' quarters with Joliet-
stone barracks for,the solders, costing nearly
three hundred thousand dollars,. There are
few troops there and fe^ oncers there at tU-if
time, and they have excellent barracks, excel-
lent officers' quarters, and every convenience
for doing business ,at present; and I am op-
posed to the expenditure of this sum which
w'e are about to appropriate in* the construction
of expensive barracks, costing, according to
this estimate, two hundred and odd thousand
dollars. I propose that it shall be appropriated
to developing the wa,ter-power. An appropria-
tion for the water-power was made at the last
session of Congress, and the Government ob-
tained a deed of cession from the Moline com-
pany upon an agreement that it would develop
the water-power. But such has been the mode
of development that the development has done
no good to the parties who parted with their
rights there to the most valuable property
almost in Illinois upon the expectation that
the Government wonld develop it, and they
could have one fourth of it. 1 now ask that
this appropriation be confined to the develop-
ment of the water-power to carry out the ex-
isting contract.
[tlere the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have no hostility to the
Rock Island arsenal. I tlnnk we need a large
arsenal and armory like this somewhere, and it
is too late now to discuss the location. The
work has been begun, a large amount of money
has been expended upon it, and it must remain
there. I think if it had been located somewhere
nearer to iron and coal it . would have been
better.
• Mr. WOOD WARD. Will my colleague allow
me to offer an amendment that will meet his
thought precisely ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. No amendment is in order
now. There is an amendment to an amend-
ment pending.
Mr. WOODWARD. I will offer it, then, as
soon as I have an opportunity.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think also that it would
have been a great deal better to have employed
steam instead of water-power there. But those
questions have been passed upon and we are
bound by what has been done because of the
large expenditures that have been made there,
and it is of no use to talk about whether the
men who located this arsenal located it judi-
ciously, or whether when they concluded to
employ water-power instead of steam they were
wise or not. The thing is done and the ques-
tion now is, as we are going to keep the arsenal
there, how much we ought to appropriate for
it at this time when we have not any too much
money ?
The War Department, in the first place,
recommend an appropriation of $200,000 for
barracks. In the report which they make they
concede that they have got barracks now that
answer very well, but they want to make new
ones, permanent ones, expensive ones, of Joliet
stone. That is a now work and we need not
provide for it unless we choose.
The next item is "for permanent offices,
fire-proof, $90,000." That is also anew work,
and we need not undertake it at present. They
have offices now that are tolerably fire-proof
and very good. They admit, in their report,
that they can get along very well with them.
The next item is "for subaltern officers'
quarters of Joliet stone, one double and one
single block, $55,000.'' That, too, is a new
work. And "for guard-house, fire-proof', of
Joliet stone, $30,000." Now, in the remarks
that follow on the page below these estimates
t.hey admit that they have all these things now,
but they want to commence and make new and
permanent ones of Joliet stone. That is all
very good, but it would be very expensive and
is quite unnecessary at this time.
The next item which they recommend is
$300,000 for a bridge. The facts about the i
bridge are these: wis, have one/bridge there
now, or perhaps it has been washed away. We
bad a bridge- last year fro®, the main- land to
the island on one side of the island. The mil-
road companyhave a bridge going clear across
the island from the State of Illinois to the State
of Iowa. It is alleged that tha piers of that
bridge are an obstruction to the navigation,oK
the.river, and that accounts for the support of
this measure by the gentleman from Illinois)
[Jlr. Wasshbubnis,] ijot because it is near'his
district or in his Stfite, but because he has
always been lighting for the navigation of that
river. I conclude that is his reason. He may
be here to speak for himself before the bill is
disposed of, ' '
[Ilere the hummer fell.]
Mr. BLAINE. 1 want Uj make one state-
ment, on behalf of the committee. ,
Mr. HARDING. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. BLAINE. I renew it, for the purpose
of saying that, the aggregate amount of the esti-
mates for this purpose was $1,550,000, and the
committee cut down the estimates $550,000.
It may be of some value to members just to
cast their eyes back for live or six years. When
the war broke out there were two armories in
this country where arms were made, one at
Springfield, Massachusetts, and the other at
Harper's Ferry, Virginia. The exigencies of
the war led to the destruction of the armory
at Harper's Ferry. As the war progressed the
necessity for more armory buildings became
apparent, and Congress decided }hat it would
be wiser to have two large arirjories rather
than several smaller ones. There was one
already in operation at Springfield, Massachu-
setts. After surveying the whole lield Congress
came to the conclusion, and the War Depart-
ment, that recommended it, also came to the
conclusion, that Roek Island, Illinois, was the
best place offered, all things considered, for
the second armory.
Mr. WOODWARD. The gentleman says
that Congress surveyed the whole field.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 think they did.
Mr. WOODWARD. Did Congress not over-
look the anthracite coal-fields of Pennsylvania?
Mr. BLAINE. Well, I am willing to say they
did not consider that. But one of the armories
of the United States was already established
east of the Alleghany mountains, and it did not
seem to be exactly a fair division of these things
to locate the other there. And for the purpose
of defense, for the advantages of transporta-
tion, for the command of the great Mississippi
Valley, and even forthecommand ol'the Pacific
coast in connection with our railroads in that
direction, Rock Island presented advantages
which no other place in the United States seemed
to present, in the judgment of Congress at that
time. But I will say to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] that even if
Congress was wrong in that selection it is now
too late to undo the work ; the die is cast; we
have put our money there, and having put our
hands to the plow we cannot look back. I
believe it was wise action on the part of Con-
gress, and I think we should go on and com-
plete the armory there.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from
Maine [Mr, Blaine] proposes to appropriate
$1,000,000 for this armory at Rock Island.
One half of that sura is to go to the construc-
tion of a bridge. I would inquire what is pro-
posed to be done with the other §500,000?
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Harding] has just proposed that $150,000
be applied to the improvement of the Moline
water-works. But it was not considered by
the Committee on Appreciations that it was
their duty to parcel out this appropriation. It
was considered that the War Department, as
in the case last yoar of the river and harbor
appropriations, was the better judge of the
manner in which this appropriation should bo
expended.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The Department informs
us that the workshops are completed, and
they want. $50,000 for tools to putin them.
