1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1707
provisions of the deficiency bill of 1863 are
to bo extended to cover ยง12,000 more to be
paid out under an act entitled "An act to
amend an act," &c., to appropriate something
passed six or seven years ago. If anybody
understands what all that means from the
reading of it let him explain it. It evidently
is designed to cover something under its ver-
biage, such is the nice little intimation to the
patriotic members from Minnesota that they
must stand by their State.
How many other sops like this can be found
scattered through the bill 1 do not know. We
are invited to do a patriotic work in the hun-
dred and seventy-fourth amendment, where we
are called upon for the payment of $5,000 for
the distribution of medals bearing the portrait
of General Grant.
Mr. WINDOM. That comes from the Mili-
tary Committee 1 suppose. [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I suppose it is intended
to touch the hearts of the military members
of the House. Uow exceeding grateful they
should be for this opportunity to perpetuate
in bronze the face of the President of the
United States.
Mr. PRICE. I desire to ask the gentleman
if this hundred and seventy-fourth amendment
in reference to the medals is not approved by
thk Co mmittee on Appropriations?
Mr. GARFIELD. That I do not know.
Mr. PRICK. I think you will find it is.
Mr. GARFIELD. Quiensabe ? On the sev-
enty-fourth page is this item :
Throe thousand seven hundred dollars being a
balance of interest at five pei' cent, per month on
$30.U")0 held by the United States July, 1S57, invested
in Kansas bonds in December, 18G1.
My friend from Kansas [Mr. Clarke] may
perhaps become a convert to this modest in-
terest, account 
A Member. Do I understand the gentleman
to s y five per cent, per month ?
Mr. GAKFIELD. Yes, sir; that is the rate
of interest stuck la here in ihis Indian appro-
priation bill, sixty per cent, per annum, calling
upon the shy State of Kansas for her vote in
carrying this bill through the House. I con-
gratulate myself on one thing. When this bill
passed the House I reluctantly came to the
conclusion that it was my duty to vote against
it even in the modest foim it then assumed ;
and I then declared I would not vote to send
another dollar of public money through the
channels of the Indian Bureau. I am glad I
took the ground I did ; I am confirmed in the
wisdom ot' that determination by the exhibition
we have seen to-night of the character of the
amendmeuts tu this hill, and unless gentlemen
can show us how it is that we are to pay
$.".000,000 more than we were asked to pay by
the officers in charge of this department I
shall vole to lay the whole bill and amendments
on the table. I now yield to the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Chairman, this discus-
sion has gone on at some length, and I shall
therefore detain the House but a short time.
I desire to draw the attention of the House to
one point, and it is this: the Committee on
Appropriations reported to this House a certain
bill called the Indian appropriation bill. They
refused to recognize those treaties in their ap-
propriations. In fact there was no estimate
made for them from the Indian Bureau. They
refused also to recognize certain claims that
were presented to the committee. The bill
went to the Senate, and there these claims were
put into it.
Now there has been very little said in the
argument here on either side in reference to
the claims that have been made here outside
of those arising under the treaty stipulations.
I do not understand these claims. I do not
know anything about them. I want the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, or somebody else,
to explain them so that we may vote for or
against them understandingly.
A word now in reference to these " treaties,"
as they are called. My theory hasalsvays been,
and I maintain it now, that the idea of this
Governmentmakingtreatieswith bandsof wild
and roving Indians is simply preposterous and
ridiculous.^ It is not good judgment or states-
manship ; it is mere child's play, nothing more
and nothing less.. The gentleman from Min-
nesota [Mr. Wisdom] has called the attention
of the House to the names of the men who
made these treaties. Sir, that makes no differ-
ence. If they made the treaties by direction
of others they had nothing else to do. I do
not know about that. But it is quite immate-
rial what generals or what commission made
these treaties or where they are from or what
their names are. Whoever they were they
made a most ridiculous treaty, and one that
was not worthy of gentlemen who consider
themselves statesmen in this present age.
Now, in my opinion we have a right to re-
fuse to make these appropriations. The gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Higby] says that
we have no right to refuse to make the appro-
priations necessary to carry out these treaties,
because the treaties were made in pursuance
of a law on the statute-book. True, they were
made in pursuance of a statute, but does not
the gentleman from California know that in a
treaty, as in all other contracts, there are two
parties required to act in order that the bargain
may be made binding? Does he not know that
since these treaties have been made a portion
of the men with whom they were made have
forfeited not only their tights under the trea-
ties but all right to protection from the Gov-
ernment of the United States by making sav-
age war upon the citizens of this Government?
Will any lawyer get up here and say that this
House must appropriate money to fulfill the
stipulations of a treaty where that treaty has
been made with a band of Indians, and that
band of Indians, after the treaty has been
made, have made war upon the citizens of the
Government?
Mr. IIIGBY. That is affirmed on the one
side and denied on the other.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, if there is any doubt
whether these Indians are at war with the
Government or r.ot we ought to pause before
we appropriate the money; we ought to know
whether they are or are not. I call the atten-
tion of gentlemen to the war that was going
on a short time ago under General Sheridan
down in Kansas and what is known as the
Indian country. Was not that war with a por-
tion of the Indians of the Sioux tribe with whom
one of these treaties was made?
Mr. WINDOM. Will the gentleman allow
me to answer his question?
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman has had his
hour. I am making a statement now.
Mr. WINDOM. Will the gentleman permit
an answer to his own question?
Mr. LOGAN. I will answer the question
myself for him. I think I can answer it bet-
ter than he can. I appeal to the intelligence
of the House to take the report of General
Sheridan, or the report of General Sherman,
or the report of General Custer, or the report
of any officer who has made an official report
to the War Department, and what do you find?
ITou find that we are at war to-day with the
very tribes of Indians with whom these pre-
tended treaties were made and for whom you
desire us to appropriate millions of money
to-day.
Mr. WINDOM. The gentleman does not
want any information upon that subject, I ap-
prehend.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Chairman, I am always
somewhat amused rather than edified when
any question in reference to the Indians is up
in this House. It is the most sensitive thing
in the world. Why, I do not know and cannot
tell. The gentleman from Dakota [Mr. Bur-
leigh] jumps up and the gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr, Windom] jumps up and the
gentleman from California [Mr. Higby] jumps
up, and the members and Delegates from all
the extreme western States get excited. Some
of them have perhaps been Indian agents. I
do not know how that is; I cannot tell.
Mr. HIGBY. If the gentleman does not
know then he should not insinuate.
Mr. LOGAN. J say perhaps they have.
Mr. HIGBY! You say you do not know.
Mr. LOGAN. No, I do not know. One
gentleman says that he was I ask the gentle-
man from Nebraska [Mr. Taffe] if he ever
was an Indian agent?
Mr. TAFFE. I was.
Mr. LOGAN. I said perhaps it was so, and
now the gentleman says it is true. Bat I do
not impute dishonesty to him because he was
an Inijian agent.
Now I say to members here, especially to
the gentleman from Dokota, [Mr. Burleigh,]
the gentleman from California, [Mr. Higby,]
and the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Win-
dom.] if we appropriate this money to carry out
these treaties I want the gentlemen who advo-
cate it to be appointed agents to carry out its
provisions. I believe the gentlemen I have
referred to are all to go out of Congress at the
end of this session. I want General Grant to
appoint them to carry out these treaties.
Then I want to see Mr. Mix on a high horse,
booted and spurred, with a big cocked hat on,
with a bucktail in it, chasing the fourteen year
old buck Indians across the plains for the pur-
pose of catching them and putting blue breeches
on them, [laughter ;] and I want to see all
these gentlemen engaged inthis same business.
And as the occupation will last for thirty years
under these treaties, they would have ample
time to become thoroughly proficient in it.
What a grand sight it would be to see them
in full operation upon the western plains!
[Laughter. ] You see the dust rising in a gyeat
cloud in the distance, and ask what it all
means? What is the cause of all that excite-
ment and turmoil 1 The answer comes, it is
the gentleman from Minnesota, dressed up as
an Indian agent, on a high horse, with a big
red feather in his cap, and the gentleman from
California is with him in the same costume,
each with a lasso in his hand. What is the
lasso for ? To lasso Indian boys in order that
they may put blue breeches on them. [Great
laughter.] That would be carrying out these
treaties, and it would be a beautiful sight. I
will not say anything about the gentlemen
chasing down the other Indians who are not to
wear blue breeches. [Shouts of laughter.]
And another thing would be most highly in-
teresting. I would like to see the gentlemen
from Dakota and California and Minnesota
delivering this yoke of oxen to one of the wild
Comanches and showing him how to use them,
teaching him all the mysteries of geeing and
hawing, how to hitch them to the plow or the
cart, and all that kind of thing. The Comanche
would no doubt be hugely delighted, and would
not fail to appreciate the kindness thus shown
to him.
It reminds me of a story I once heard of a
southern planter. He concluded that he could
save a great deal of expense if he could get
monkeys to pick his cotton, as they were very
imitative and do not require much in the way
of clothing. [Laughter.] So he went off to a
monkey country, obtained a large number of
them, brought them home with him, and turned
them loose in his cotton fields. They picked
cotton elegantly; they did it much more rapidly
than his slaves had done. But then came the
difficulty. After they had picked the cotton he
could not get them to bring itto the gin-house,
but they scattered it all around again by all
sorts of mischievous pranks. He soon found
that his monkeys were more trouble and ex-
pense than his slaves, for it required two men
to watch one monkey and keep him properly at
work. And so it would be with these Indians
and the oxen you propose to give them. You
would have to employ at least two Indian agents
to teach one Indian how to manage and work
his oxen and to keep him at it. Talk-about
these Comanches and Apaches and other In-
dians working oxen 1 It is sheer nonsense.
Many years ago when I was a boy I was in
the Indian country myself, but I did not learn
