MB. OOMftREBSiaML GL0BE
February©,
'Mr. MAYuSfAED.' Will the gentleman tell
this comrnittee whether the Committee on Ap-
propriations' ccnHemplsted'' the- beginning of
tbesenew works? ' '
Mr. BLAINE. They oonteiiiplated leaving
that'to the discretion of the War Department;
Mr. MAYNARD". Theft of coarse they will
Commence them. ^
Mr. BLAINE. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment,. ' • ■ i
■ Mr. FARNS WORTH. I move to amend
the amendment so that the additional proviso
shall, read as follows :
And provided further, Thotso mtlch thereof as may
be necessary ^UaJI be applied for the completion of
the upper portion of the Moline water-power at the
head of Kock Island, in .carrying out listing con-
tracts. 1
Mr. HARDING?. I accept that amendment
in lieu of the 6ne I offered. '
■ Mr. FARN8W0RTH. Iknow something
about this matter. The 'Government agreed
with the Moline Water-Power Company; men
w!>6, by their own enterprise in throwing out
wing-dams, and cutting races, had developed
a great water-power there, that if the company
would let the Government have half that water-
power, the Government would make certain
improvements by extending the dams and con-
tinning tlie feservoirg. No*, We find that the
Government is going on expending, under the
direction of the officer who is there in charge' of
this work, vast sums of money in other works,
■which may be very proper, thoiigh I confess to
a little fear that the officer who' is there is some-
what extravagant, judging from the estimates
he has sent in. Wefind that the Government
is going on building all sorts of other things,
but is not doing what it agreed to do in the
way of improving this water-power. The Mo-
line company, since they made the contract,
are unable to make any improvements them-
selves; they cannot put in a Spade nor lay a
stone. The Government has undertaken to
do the work for them ; but the Government,
instead of making this improvement of the
water-power which would enable the company
by leasiug or selling additional water-power to
get something back in return for the surrender
it has made to the Government, is building
everything elso before doing this work. The
purpose of this amendment is to require the
Government to expend so much of this appro-
priation  s is necessary to carry out that part
of its agreement, and to act iii good faith with
regard to this water-power at the head of that
island.
Now, Mr. Chairman, these estimates have
been read. V?e find they propose the " building
of barracks for enlisted men, of Joliet stone,
$200,000;" "quarters for subaltern officers,
of Joliet stone;" '"a guard-house, of Joliet
stone;" this' Joliet stone to bo brought one
hundred miles by railroad. Now, I confess
that that is not exactly the way those solid,
thrifty manufacturers at Moline build their
works. They do not go to Joliet for stone with
which to build their plow factories and their
machine shops—quite good enough and strong
enough for "barracks for enlisted men" or
"quarters for subaltern officers," orany other
officers. Now, while I am willing that there
shall be a liberal expenditure for this work—
for I think it one of the most important works
the Government has undertaken—I am not
willing, because the work is in my State, that
we shall go on making these appropriations
without question and without bringing them
down to what they ought to be according to the
contract. I do not like that these appropria-
tions should be like FalstafFs bill at Dame
Quickly's tavern—"a halfpenny worth of
bread to this intolerable deal of sack." Let
us have the money appropriated so that it will
do the people of Moline some good as well as
the Government, and thus carry out the con-
tract that the Government has made with this
company.
Air. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Chairman,*!
do not know that I have any objection to the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Illi-
nois. TheGovernment, as he has stated, agreed
to1 make certain improvements in that Water-
power at/Moline; and whatever is the agree-
ment tnade by the Government that agreement
ought to be carried' (Ml. We have heard" a good
deal, 'sir, in this House about the etiortriity of
reptidiatioiiy and thfe:appropriation involVesas
much: the que§ti6'n?1 of repudiation as do©3 a
Jtfbp'o&ftion to repudiate a Government bond.
'The "Army appropriation act "of March 2,1867(
eoft tains the following'proVisibtt with reference
to the bridge at'Rock Island: ; ;
" J?or the erection of abridge atltoeklsland, Illinois;
as reeoniaifettded' 4)y the1 chief o# orfiba ce",'$200,009:
Provided, Thai the ownership .of said bridge shall be
and remam m thy United States, and theRoeklsland
and' Pacific Railroad Company shall have the right
of way over said- bridge for all purposes of transit
across the island and.river, upon the condition tha t
the said company shu.ll, before any money is expended
by the Government, agree to pay and shall secure to
the'United States, ntst, half the'eoat of said bridge,
and, second, half the expenses of lileeping'saxd bridge
in repair; and upon guarantying said conditions to
the satisfaction of the Secretary of War, by contract
or otherwise, the said company shall' have the free
use of said bridgefor purposesof transiM>ut without
any claim to ownership thereof."
That provision was passed as explanatory of
the original act providing for the construction
of this bridge. The arrangement has been
toade, as I am informed, between the company
and the Government; the security has been
provided; apd the only question now involved
in this appropriation is whether the Govern-
ment of the United States will carry outin good
faith its own contract. Now, sir, if we are to
stop because thisbridge is to cost something we
might just as well declare that we will not com-
mence paying our debts because it will cost
something.' .'You have the same question in-
volved in this that, you have in the repudiation
of the public debt. The public debt is a con-
tract which the Government is bound to exe-
cute, and the building of this bridge is a con-
tract which the Government is equally bound
to execute. Gentlemen, however, propose to
repudiate this contract.
Mr. PAINE. When was this contract made ?
In 1868, the railroad company not proposing to
avail itself of the privileges of the act of 1867,
to which reference has been made, we passed
a law providing that unless the railroad com-
pany did so within sixty days afterward those
privileges shottld be withdrawn.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
refers to the act of July, 1868, which required
the company to agree to certain things within
sixty days. I am so informed by my colleague,
who is better acquainted with the particular
facts in this case than I am. He tells me that
the requirements of that act are fully complied
with by the company.
Mr. Px\lNE. I should like to know of the
gentleman whether there is any stronger lan-
guage than that used in this act of 1867, to
which he has referred?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Yes, sir; there is
a provision in regard to the existing bridge in
the act of 1868, that if the railroad company
failed to comply With the demands of the pre-
vious act the bridge should be torn down.
Mr.-PAINE. I am in favor of an appro-
priation 1'or the construction of this bridge, but
I am not willing to do it upon the ground that
there was an implied contract with this rail-
road company, for I do not find in the act of
1867 or in the act of 1868 anything which looks
like a contract. I do see that authority is
given to the railroad company to do certain
things, and that the company agreed to pay
half the costs of this bridge if we built it, but
I do not sec there is a contract anywhere.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Sir. BLAINE. I hoped to get this bill out
of the committee this afternoon, but it is now
growing late, and as it is apparent that we
cannot finish it this evening, I move that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Febry
reported that the committee had, according to
order, had I he Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly Hou«e bill No. 180S,
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the yea# ending'June 30, 1870, and
had come to a(i conclusion 'thereon.
' ENROLLED BlCL S'lQNED.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee, on'Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined -and found truly enrolled
Senate bill No. 609, transferring;the duties of
trustees of colored schools of .Washington and
Georgetown; when the Speaker signed £h« same.
' ' NA'TTIRA'LT7iA''PrOfi' T,AWS.
kr.':3rEfNCKES,.by unanimous conseijt^.in-
troduce'da bill (H.' K. No. 1883) to establish a
uniform rule of naturalization throughout the
United, States,; which'was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on Re-
visionofLawsof the United States^ and ordered
to be printed.' , ■, i
. Mr. BROOKS moved to-reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be, laid, on the
The latter motion was agreed to.
geos ventres indians, etc..
•The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting alet-
ter from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
relative to a deficiency for expenses incurred
by the Indian agent of the Arapaho, Gros
Ventres, and Mandan tribes of Indians; which
were referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions,
ARMY BILL.
Mr. GARFIJELD," from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported the amendment which
the House yesterday gave its consent should be
offered in committee to the Army appropriation
bill; and Mr. DODGE presented a proposition
from the minority of thesame committee; both
of which were ordered to be printed.
' CORRECTION.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask leave to state that
I was led into a mistake yesterday, in stating
that the number of officers who ceased to hold
commissions in 1868 was five hundred. It
should have been 1867, and I was led into the
mistake by a friend near me putting into my
hand an Army register of 1867 instead of 1868.
The number of officers who ceased to hold com-
missions in £868 was one hundred and fourteen.
And then, on motion of Mr. MULLINS, the
House (at four o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.)
adjourned. .
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rnle, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: Aresolution of theState
councilofthe Union League of New York, ask-
ing the amendment of the naturalization laws
to prevent election frauds.
By Mr. AMES: A petition of the Boston
Board of Trade, asking that all engaged in navi-
gation be exempted from illegal exactions.
By Mr. CHANLER: The petition of F. H.
Bartholomew, for an amendment of the patent
laws.
Also, the petition of F. H. Bartholemew, for
an amendment of the patent laws.
By Mr. FIELDS: Petitions of various per-
sons residing in Otsego county, New York,
for a mail route from Milford, in said county,
to Cherry Valley, in same county.
By Mr. GETZ r .Two memorials from citizens
of Reading, Pennsylvania, praying for the re-
peal of the duties on imported barley.
By Mr. HALSEY : The petition of Andrew
Jackson and others, colored citizens of Halifax
county, North Carolina, asking Congress to
remove the disabilities of Edward Craigland,
of said county.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The memorial of
Crawford W. Hall, district attorney of East
Tennessee, praying to be allowed to retain hia
fees of office.
