THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
opposing the establishment of schools for our benefit,
and rejecting all the plans of restoration proposed by
a loyal Congress. MajorGeneral John Pope; who was
appointed to the command of the third military dis-
trict and intrusted with the duty of executing the
reconstruction laws therein, appointed one colored
with two white registrars for each senatorial district
in the State. He thereby gave practical force to the
idea that under the reconstruction acts of Congress
colored persons were entitled to hold office. Accord-
ing! y,about thirty-six colored men became candidates
and were elected as delegates to the constitutional
con vention. They did so with the full knowledge and
implied consent of the commanding general and his
superintendent of registration, and when elected
they were officially notified from headquarters of
their election apd of the time and place for the assem-
bling of the convention. They obeyed the official
summons, were allowed to take their seats, and did
assist in framing the constitution. When that con-
stitution was submitted to the people for ratification
a number of eolored men became candidates for the
Legislature and various civil offices at the election
provided for by it, and twenty-nine were accordingly
elected by legal majorities to the house of repre-
sentatives, and three to the senate.
At both elections they desired to run white persons
forofiice; but in some counties they could not find
such as they could trust as faithful representatives
of theirviews and interests. Besides, they were per-
suaded to offer themselves as candidates by many
white men who were opposed to the convention and
to the ratification of the constitution on the ground,
ostensibly, that they were preferred to whito Union
men. Pending the canvass for the ratification ail
of our political opponents spoke and voted against
the constitution, because, as they contended, it gave
colored persons the right to hold office. On this
ground they made earnest efforts to deteat the con-
stitution in all those counties embraced in what is
called " the white belt," that is, wherever the num-
ber of whito voters was largely in excess of the col-
ored. Such was the course taken then by the very
men who m the Legislature argued thateolored per-
sons are ineligible to ofitco under our constitution.
The colored meinbers-eloct were duly notified by a
general order from the headquartors ot Mjjor Gen-
eral Meade, and summoned by the proclamation of
the Governor-elect, who had been appointed pro-
visional governor, to meet in the city of Atlanta on
the 4th of July, 1868. They obeyed the summons,
and were duly qualified by Judge Erskine, of the
United States court, in the presenceof the Governor-
eieet, General Meade, the superintendent of regis-
tration, and those members who afterward voted to
exclude them. They were admitted to their seats
under these circumstances, no one objecting on ac-
count of their color, and no one ever questioning
their right to be seated.
Shortly al'tei the organization of the General As-
sembly as a provisional legislature, the provisional
governor transmitted to both houses a communi-
cation from General Meade, in which he declared that
Uo would recoguinenoactof the Legislature as valid,
or allow the same to be executed, until all persona
excluded by the fourteen fh article were deprived of
their seats or offices in both houses. Each house
appointed a committee to investigate the eligibility
of members according to this requisition, and more
than a week was spent m that investigation. tho
rosult was the adoption by each house of resolutions
declaring all the members eligible to their seats. The
following is the resolution adopted by the house of
representatives:
"Whereas under the instruction of the general
commanding this military district, communicated to
this house by his excellency the provisional gov-
ernor, thehouso proceeded to examine into and in-
vestigate the question ot the eligibility of its members
under the reconstruction acts ot Congress, and, after
aiull and thorough investigation thereof, have found
aljpcrsons occupying seats eligible thereto :
Unsolved. ThataconimUteeof three be appointed
by tho speaker to wait upon his excellency and notify
liiiri ot the result of said investigation."
This resolution exprebsly declared "all members
occupying seats eligible thereto," and General Meade
thereupon recognized theGeneral Assembly as legally
organized. In all these and subsequent proceedings,
until the 3d day of September following, the colored
members participated without any one questioning
their right to do so. The constitutional amendment
wasadopted, United States Senators and State house
oflicer* elected, and many other acts performed by the
bod>, all of which must be invalid, unless the colored
members, thiough whose votes mnny of these meas-
ures were adopted, were entitled to the seats which
they were allowed to hold. As nearly all the raem-
beis who were opposed to us politically, who opposed
the calling of the constitutional convention and the
ratification of the constitution framed by it, who
hav o persistently opposed the whole policy of recon-
struction adopted by Congress, voted against the
adoption of the fourteenth article, that measure
could not have been carried by the Legislature of
Georgia without the votes oi the colored mem-
beis of that body. It is therefore for your hon-
orable body to determine whether it was legally
adopted, if the colored members were ineligible; or,
if eligible, whether they should be restored to their
peats, notwithstanding the act of the enemies of re-
construction? If the colored members were eligible
foi one purpose, were they not eligible for all pur-
poses of legitimate legislation? Their opponents
were seemingly willing, very willing, that theeonsti-
tutional amendment should be adopted; but they
left it to the friends of reconstruction to adopt it.
They were unwilling, after their stubborn resistance
to it,to put themselves upon the record infavorof it;
but they saw ahead of them a time when they meant
to ta&e advantage of the power which it would give
them; a time when the State would be free from
military government; when it would no longer be
subject to The interlerence of Congress; a time, in
short, when they might do as they pleased in spite
of constitutional restrictions. Will your honorable
body gutter them to reap these advantages now at
oui expense—advantages which they have gained by
the practice of a deception unparalleled in the his-
tory of legislation in this country? The expulsion
of the colored members was inconsistent with the acts
of reconstruction, inconsistent with the acts of the
military in enforcing the laws of Congress, and in-
consistent with the acts of the Legislature in settling
the question ot the eligibility of its members, organ-
izing the government permanently, and electing the
various officers of the government and United States
Senators.
Third. It is subversive of all the rights conferred
upon us by the Constitution and laws of the United
States and of this State.
By this act ot the General Assembly nearly one
half of the inhabitants of this State are denied the
right of representation. We are required to pay our
proportion ot the taxes necessary to support the Gov-
ernment, but can have no voice in that Government.
We can take no part in shaping the policy nor in
the making or enforcing of the laws which involve
the happiness, if not the very existence, of half a
million of our race. All these vasts interests are to
be henceforth entirely in the hands of those who held
us as chattels, woo made merchandise of us, who
kept us in profound ignorance, and forbade by civil
law the development of our manhood, and. whose
education and hereditary prejudices of caste incline
them to regard us as having " no rights that a white
man is bound to respect." Their bitter opposition to
the reconstruction acts was caused by their invinci-
ble hatred of political equality among the races, and
especially the enfranchisement of ours. It is cer-
tain, therefore, that with the power m their hands
to go on without rebuke, without a sense of responsi-
bility to some power which they know they must
respect, they will continue their aggressions upon
our rights until they have stripped us of our right to
vote, and reduce us to a state of degradation and
misery, little if any better than that slavery from
which we have been delivered.
This spirit toward us has been manifested by the
present Legislature in many ways, particularly in
refusing to let the excluded members have their pro-
test recorded upon the journal of tho house, and in
utter violation of the spirit oi our constitution, refus-
ing to allow our people to sit on juries, even when
their dearestnghtsareinvolved. In fact, when they
expelled tho colored members they exhibited that
arbitrary temper which smotodown tlie wholefabiie
of our constitutional lights at a single blow. We had
no redress. There was no powf-r on earth to which
wo could appeal lor help, with the hope of any degree
ol'success, but to your honorable body. In vain did
our representatives argue the principles ot our con-
stitution. In vain did they appeal tothesympathies,
the generosity, the sense of justice of our oppressors.
In vain did they appeal to their consciences, and
beseech them to desist from their mad attempt to
destroy a constitution which they had sworn to sup-
port. Tuey had the power, lor when the charge of
inelogibihty was presented the Speaker ruled that
none ol the persons involved in the charge had the
right to vote upon the question, and they were all
expelled m a body from the House. They were ex-
polled not because they had no rights under the con-
stitution, not because they had committed any offense
ag.unst the State, the laws, or the good order of the
body, but because they were "free persons of color."
Their color disqualified thorn. No virtue, no patri-
otism, no degree of intelligence, no constitutional
guaranties could avail to check tho deep-rooted pre-
judice of oaste, tho inveterate hatred ot our race, or
save our representatives from tho vengeance of their
oppressors in thehourof their weakness and distress.
We must submit to law as enacted and enforced by
those who, though they might love us as their prop-
erty, as they love their sheep and oxen, hate us as
freemen. They must be our legislators, our judges,
our juiors, and, m spite of our constitution, in spite
of all that a loyal Congress has done for us, they
must be our masters. Life, liberty, and the pursuit
of happinc*s may be guarantied to all by funda-
mental laws, hut practically they are of no value to
us or our children.
The temper displayed by the members of the Legis-
lature who wei e opposed to us and our rights is that
which pervades the whole mass of society, except a
comparatively few loyal whites. Tne cla^e opposed
to us do not iavor our education or improvement in
any particular. They have founded no schools for
us. erected no uchool-houses. given and supported no
teochers for our benefit; but they have persecuted
and ostiaeised the teachers sent to us from the sym-
pathizing northern Friends and those native teachers
who have been employed by the Government or by
benevolent societies. They have, in many instances,
buunt our school-houses and churches and driven our
teachers away from hotels and respectable boarding-
houses. They have heaped all manner of reproaches,
abuse, and slanders upon all who have befriended us
or who have endeavored to improve oureondition, and
especially those who have been friendly to our political
advancement. Their leaders have, in some instances,
recommended the slaughter of leading white men
who iavor our cause, and many of our kindred have
been murdered for the part they have taken in politi-
cal affairs, as well as for trifling causes of any other
character. Bodies of nrmed men hostile toour rights
have assailed and dispersed assemblies of ourcolored
citizens who peaceably met for the decision of politi-
cal questions, murdering, ia some instances,not aiew
of them in a most brutal manner. The act of the
Legislature tends therefore, to subvert all the rights
which we have under tho laws ot our country.
Fourth. Hence our only hope of deliverance is in
Congress.
The State is indebted to us for its restoration.
There were nearly eighty thousand colored and less
than forty thousand whites who voted for a conven-
tion, and the relative numbers voting for the ratifi-
cation of the constitution were about the same.
Without the colored votes, the fourteenth article
would not have been adopted, and the State would
still be under the disabilities which involved it when
the confederate armies surrendered. We feel thasas
we were thus instrumental in saving or attempting
to save it from the anarchy into which the rebellion
plunged it, we ought to have our full share in the
administration of its future government. 1 his is all
we claim. We could ask for nothing less. We ask
that no disabilities be imposed on our opponents
except such as in your judgment are necessary to
secure our rights, our constitution, and the welfare
of both races. Confiding in your sense of justice, in
the generous policy which gave us our liberty and
invested us with political rights, we commit our-
selves, our lives, our liberties, and all we hold most
dear on earth, with the interests of the hundreds of
thousands whom we represent and their unborn pos-
terity into the hands of your august body, and humbly
pray that this our petition may move your hearts
and this great American nation to grant unto us and
our children all the rights, privileges, and immuni-
ties set forth in the Declaration of Independence and
in the Constitution and laws of the United States
and the State of Georgia.
For we are satisfied that our oppressors, whom we
have faithfully served for two hundred and fifty
years, have combined for the avowed purpose of ex-
terminating our race in America for no fault of our
own, but for being loyal to our country in war and
obedient to her laws in peace. Had we arrayed our-
selves against the laws of the land and with them
defied the Government, then it might have been
better with us to-day. Thus we have borne more
than any people ever did in the history of nations,
not because wecould not have repeatedly retaliated
in a measure, but because we desired to keep peace
and harmony in this our country which we love.
And now we again appeal to your august body to
know whether we shall look to you in the future for
justice and protection, or must we protect ourselves?
True extract irom the minutes of the convention :
H. M. TURNER, President.
James Porter, Secretary.
Most respectfully submitted by the undersigned, a
comirutt' e delegated to present the same to the Con-
gress of the United States.
JAMES M. SIMMS,
HENRY M. TURNER,
JOHN T. COSTIN.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Shall the
Senator-elect from Georgia be permitted to
take the oath with a view to his admission to
his seat in the Senate? That is the question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not object to the
reading of that paper, because I thought, as it
bore upon the condition of affairs in Georgia,
it was right enough to place it on the record ;
but it not only does not conflict with the right
of Mr. Hill to be sworn, but it rather, if Sena-
tors will consider the question, shows his right.
All the matters that have been complained of
by the excluded members of the Legislature
occurred after Mr. Hill was elected; and I may
further say that it is the desire of the Senator-
elect to participate with us in protecting these
very people in the enjoyment of their clear
right to hold office in the State of Georgia and
throughout the United vStates, when they are
duly elected by the qualified electors of a State.
It is, therefore, rather hard to read this memo-
rial and file it upon this application to be
sworn in by Mr. Hill when really his desire is
to secure these people against the very inflic-
tions which have been put upon them by the
majority of the Legislature of Georgia.
But I rose mainly to ask the Secretary to
read, as bearing upon this question, a portion
of the report of General Meade. It has not
been communicated to us officially, but it is
published in the journals^ and it shows pre-
cisely the mode find manner in which this
question arose. I may state, in brief, that the
very question of the power of General Meade
to pass upon the eligibility of the members of
the Legislature was presented to him and he
applied to the War Department for instructions
and the War Department telegraphed him,
substantially, that he had no power to pass
upon the eligibility of members. The Secre-
tary of War, then the General in-Chief of the
Army, consulted the Reconstruction Commit-
tee, or a portion of them, and I hate her^ in
General Meade's report a telegram signed by
Mr. Wilson, Chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee of the House of Representatives, and
also by Messrs. Boutwbll, Farnswouth, and
