1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Paixe, of the Reconstruction CommiCtee ofthe
House, in which they state what I think is the
law;
"Washington, June 30,1868.
To Governor Warmoth, New Orleans:
We think that persons disqualified under the four-
teenth article of thB amendments to the Constitution
oi the United States are not eligible to your Legisla-
ture. ihis is to be determined by the respective
Houses, and no oath ean be imposed except the oath
prescribed by the State constitution.
In precise conformity to this dispatch Gen-
eral Meade declined to pass upon the eligi-
bility of members, there being two or three, as
I understand, perhaps more, in each house of
the Legislature of Georgia as to whom there
was some doubt as to their ability to take the
tesfc-oath. The question arose as to whether
General Afeade had power to exclude them by
withholding from tnem their certificates of
election. In pursuance of the decision made
by the Secretary of War, and in compliance
with this telegram, and in compliance with the
law, I think, he reiused to act on the subject,,
and referred it to the Legislature. There was
no objection made to the eligibility of either a
Senator or member prior to the election of
Mr. Hill. All the members elected to the
Legislature contributed to that election, those
who were ineligible probably voting against
Mr. Hill, so that he received a majority of all
the persons elected to that Legislature, includ-
ing or excluding those who were claimed to be
ineligible on account of incapacity to take the
oath of office. These members did take the
oath prescribed by the constitution of Georgia,
and were, upon taking that oath, admitted to
their seats. In justice to Mr. Hill, I will ask
that a portion of the report of General Meade
be read and placed on the record ; and after
that is done, after a conference with the Sen-
ator-elect, and with his consent, lam perfectly
willing that this matter shall lie over for a day
or two to allow Senators to look into it. I
hope that then there will be no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The docu-
ment will be read if there be no objection.
None being made, it will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"The convention in Georgia, after being in session
several months, in March adopted a constitution
which, together with a State ticket, was submitted
to the people in April, and ratified by a very hand-
some majority of the registered vote, all parties taking
t art in the eLeotion. This constitution, with some
"jjiodifieations, was adopted by Congress, and the Le-
gislature which convened in J uly making these mod-
ifications and otherwise complying with the require-
ments of the reconstruction law, the State, together
with Alabama and Florida, were, by aet of Congress,
formally admitted to representation. There is one
point in regard to the admission of the State of Geor-
gia to which I feel called upon to make special allu-
sion. When the Legislature was convened by the
provisional governor and Governor-elect, the ques-
tion arose whether, as military commander, 1 was
called to inquire into the eligibility ofthe members,
either under the United States laws or the constitu-
tion of Georgia. The convention of Georgia has in
its ordinance calling an election directed that all re-
turns should be sent to the 'military commander of
the district, who was requested to issue the necessary
certificates of election, in carrying out this request
of the convention I deemed my duty simply required
that I should give the member having the greatest
number of votes the ordinary certificate of election,
and tbat it would be lor each house to decide on the
eligibility of those members whose seatswere on any
grounds contested; while I admitted as district com-
mander executing the law I was to see that no one
ineligible to office under the fourteenth article of the
constitutional amendment should be allowed to take
office. 1 did not see that in the caseof a parliament-
ary body that I was called on to decide m the quali-
fications ofthe members. In this view I was sustained
bv a telegram sent to me for my intormation to the
War Department, which had been sent to the Gov-
ernor of Louisiana and the military commander of
the fifth district, and which I quote:
Washington, June 30,1S6S.
Tu Governor Warhoi®, New Orleans:
We think that persons disqualified under the four-
teenth article of the amendment to the Constitution
of tiie United btates are not eligible to your Legisla-
tive. This is to be determined by the respective
Houses, and no oath can be imposed exceptthe o-ath
prescribed by the State constitution.
JAMjKS WILSOJf,
Chairman of the Judiciary Committee.
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL,
J. FAKNSWORTH,
H. B. TAISE. . ^
Reconstruction Committee.
"It will be seen by the above telegram that the
distinguished gentlemen whose nameswere attached
were of the opinion that no one ineligible to office
under the fourteenth article could take a seat in the
Legislature; second, that the restrictive houses were
to judge of the question; third, that no oath testing
this eligibility could or should be prescribed in ad-
vance of the meeting of the Legislature. Theseviewe
being in accordance with my own, I acted on them
and was present at tho organization ofthe two houses
of the Georgia Legislature, to the members declared
in my order as having the highest nuinber of votes
there being administered only the .oath prescribed
by the State constitution. After these houses were
organized, the provisional governor informing me
officially of their organization, but that as-far as he
could learn'no steps had been taken to test the ques-
tion of the eligibility of members under the four-
teenth article, I replied to the Governor that until
the State was admitted to representation the Legis-
lature and all the officers were only provisional and
subject to the paramount authority of the district
commander, and tbat in the exercise of this power X
should consider all acts of the Legislature null and
void until satisfactory evidence was presented to me
that each house had purged itself of ineligible mem-
bers under the. fourteenth article, provided there
were any such in either house; and 1 desired the
provisional governor to communicate these views to
each house. On the receipt of this letter each house
at once ordered an investigation and inquired into
the qualifications of each member, and duly reported
this fact through the provisional governor, stating
at the same time that neither house had found any
member ineligible.
"Xhe provisional governor, on transmitting these
communications, expressed the opinion, founded on
evidence presented to him, that several members in
both houses were ineligible, and called on me to
exercise my power and require said members to
vacate their se«*ts. On reflecting upon this subject
i could not see how I was to take the individual
judgment of the provisional governor in the face of
a solemn aet of a parliamentary body, especially as,
from the testimony presented, I did not in several
cases agree with the judgmentof the provisional gov-
ernor. The question was simply whether, in thecon-
struction of a law and in considering the facte of
individual cases, I should make myself the judge, or
take the opinion of the provisional governor in the
face of the official information that a parliamentary
body had gravely and formally, through a committee,
examined, reported, and acted on these cases My
judgment was decidedly that I had fulfilled myduty
in compelling thehouses to take the action theyhad,
and that having thus acted I had neither authority,
nor was it politic or expedient, to overrule their action
and set up my individual judgment in opposition.
By an inspection of the telegrams sent July 18, and
the reply of tho General-in-Chief, July 2*, it will be
seen that my views and action were approved. I
allude thus in cxtenso to this subject because his
Excellency, the Governor of -Georgia, in a public
speech recently delivered at Albion, New York, is
pleased to attribute the failure of Georgia to be
properly reconstructed to my action in failing to
puree the Legislature of his political opponents, he
having advised me, when he urged such act ion, that
his friends had been relieved of their disability by
Congress/'
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the ere
dentials lie on the table for the present.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to add a few words
now in connection with the report of General
Meade which has been read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Ohio withdraw the motion to lay
on the table?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. THAYER. Neither the Senator from
Ohio nor the report of General Meade touches
the real question at issue. It is not that the
members of that Legislature took the oath pre-
scribed by the State constitution. The point
which I made in my former remarks was this:
that everything was provisional until the final
act of completion of the work of reconstruction.
The election of that Legislature was provisional;
its meeting and its organization were provis-
ional ; and they were required to take the oath
prescribed by the reconstruction laws. They
had nothing to do with any oath provided for
in the State constitution; because the State
constitution had not been submitted to the
Congress, had not been approved, and the act
declaring Georgia restored to the Union had
not been passed. I called for the reading of
the communication from the Governor in order
to bring out this point in support of the objec-
tion which I have made: and it is in these words,
as set forth by the Governor of Georgia;
M The fact, however, is that all the candidates for
the General Assembly who had received the highest
number of votes were, without regard to their eligi-
bility under the law"—
There is the point—
" permitted to take seats in the provisional legisla-
tive body, and to participate in the organization and
tho legislation thereof, having first been simply in-
vited to take the oath prescribed in the new consti-
tution, which constitution had not at tbat
become, and under the law could not then t?e, of
forced • . r
The objection is that that Legislature was
composed in part otf men who Ja.ad j^eeh ex-
pressly disqualified and disfranchised^ and wlio
could' not become members of the Legislature/,
and yet, notwithstanding t^at ele^r provision,,
of the law, they were permitted to fate their
seats in the Legislature, and to become .legis-
lators and help to elect thege Senators.', jt pro-
pose now to inquire whether that ^cfclori was
legal, whether the reconstruction apis have
been fully complied with.
The honorable Senator from Ohio says that
the Senator-elect from Georgia will be kept in
suspense. Human life is in suspense in
Georgia; civil order is in suspense in Georgia;
loyalty is in suspense in Georgia; human lib-
erty is in suspense in Georgia. I propose, for
one, now to inquire whether tins state ofthings
is-to continue or not; whether there are govern-
ments there which' can afford protection to
human life or not; and if not, why not? there
is no necessity for pressing this questlonnow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I renew -the motion to
lay the matter on the table for the present^ and
I shall call it up again, perhaps on Wednesday.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON". I present -the petition of H,
H. Wells, Governor of Virginia, and several
other citizens of that State, asking that the
Freedtnen's Bureau may be continued in that
and the other unreconstructed States.' I will
not ask for the reading of this petition, but
simply move that it lie on the table. • '
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 am charged with sev-
eral petitions on the subject of suffrage, read-
ing as follows :
The undersigned respect fully petition that in yonr
revision of the governmentof the District of Colum-
bia you will protect the women of the district' from
being debarred the exercise of the right of suffrage.
These petitions are numerously signed from
the State of Missouri, from Watertown, New
York, from Waterloo, Indiana, from"'Neogo,
Illinois, from Rockland, Maine, from Mount
Vernon, New York, from the State of Massa-
chusetts, from Portage, Wisconsin, from Ells-
worth, Maine, and from Faribault, Minnesota,
the petitioners being sixteen hundred and
fifty-five in nuinber.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The .peti-
tions will be received and lie on the table.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of
Frank C. Dowling, of Douglas county, Minne-
sota, praying to be compensated for destruc-
tion of property by Indians in 1862; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Minnesota, praying for the establishment of a
mail route from Yellow Medicine to some point
in township No. 114 of range No. 41 of the
fifth principal meridian; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 649) to provide for the resumption of spe-
cie payments on the4lh of July, 1869; which
was read twice by its tith, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 650)
to enforce the several provisions of the Consti-
tution -abolishing slavery, declaring the im-
munities of citizens, and guarantying a repub-
lican form of government, by securing the
elective franchise to citizens deprived of it by
reason of race, color, or previous condition;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr.'SUMNEB. I give notice that at the
proper time I shall call up the bill for refer-
ence.
Mr. YATES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
651) to establish a uniform rule of naturaliza-
