1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
957
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 8, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of States and
Territories, commencing with the State of
Maine, for bills and joint resolutions to be
referred to their appropriate committees, not
to be brought back into the House by motions
to reconsider. During this call memorials and
resolutions of State and territorial Legisla-
tures are in order.
paving pennsylvania avenue.
Mr. PETERS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1884) to provide for the paving of Pennsylva-
nia avenue ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
STATIONERY CONTRACTS.
Mr. ELA introduced a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 442) to rescind all stationery contracts
with Dempsey & O'Toole; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Leave of absence for ten days was granted
to Mr. Cook.
i'UK-SEAL TRADE.
Mr. ELTOT, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1885) to protect the fur-seal
trade at the islands of St. Paul and St. George,
in the Territory of Alaska; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
ELECTION FRAUDS.
Mr. WARD introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1886) fixing the time for the election of Rep-
resentatives in Congress, to amend the natural-
ization laws, and to detect fraudulent naturali-
zation papers ; and moved its reference to the
select Committee on Alleged Election Frauds.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to refer it to the
standing Committee on Revision of Laws of
the United States.
The SPEAKER. That motion has priority.
On agreeing to the motion of Mr. Brooks,
there were—ayes 37, noes 36; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ward and
Brooks were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 41, noes 75.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. ROSS called for the reporting of the bill.
The bill was accordingly read.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It seems to me this ought
to go to the Judiciary Committee. I make that
motion.
On agreeing to the motion of Mr. Eldridge
there were—ayes 42, noes 48; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Eldridge
and Ward were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed-—ayes 48. noes 71.
Mr. BROOKS. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ROBINSON. Is it in order to move to
lay the bill on the table?
The SPEAKER.^ It is not. By the rule it
must be referred without debate to its appro-
priate committee.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 49, nays 120, not voting
58 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Axtell, Baker, Barnes, Barmvm,
Beck, Bingrham, Boyden, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Cary,
Chanler. Eldridge, Getz, Glossbrenner. tfolladay.
Grovor, Hai?lit, lieatou, Ilolman, Ilotchkiss, A.<ahel
\Y Hubbard, Humphrey, Jenckes, Johnson, Thomas
L Jones, Kerr, Knott, Mallory; Marshall, McCor-
miek,Mungen, Siblack, Nicholson, Phelps, Poland,
Randall, Ilobinson, Ross, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Ta-
ber Tift, Van Auken, Van Trump, James F. Wilson,
"Wood, Woodward, and Young—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Deloe R. Ashley. JJeanaan,
Benjamin, Blackburn, Blair, Boutweil, Brmnweil,
Broomall, Buckland, Benjamin F, Butler, Roderick
It. Butler, Callis, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sid-
ney Clarke, Clift, Cobb, Coburn. Corlcy, Cullom,
Dawes, Dickey, Dockery, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs,
Eckley, Edwards,ThomasD. Eiioi; JamesX. Elliott,
Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields. French, Gross,
Gove, Gravely, Harding, Haughty, Hawkins, Higby,
Hill, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd. .Hun-
ter, Ingersoll, Judd, Julian,Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey,
Ketcham-, Kitchen, Koontz, Loflin, Lash, George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan,
Maynard, McCarthy, MeKee,. Miller, Moore. Moor-
head, Morrell, Newsham, Norris, Nunn, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pettis, Pierce, Pike,
Plants, Polsley, Po'meroy, Prince, Raum, Robertson,
Roots, Sawyer, Scbenck, Scofield, Selye, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Starkweather, Stevens, Stewart,
Stokes, Stover, Tnffe, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge,
Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Rob-
ert T. Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Henry 3). Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Whittemore, Thomas Williams, William Williams,
John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wood-
bridge—-120.
NOT VOTING—Messrs, Adams, Allison, Ander-
son, Archer, Arnell, James M. Ashley, Bailey. Bald-
win, Banks, Beatty, Benton, Blaine, Boles, Bowen,
Buckley, Cake, Cook, Cornell, Covodo, Delano, De-
weese,* Dixon. Eggleston, Ela, Fox, Garfield, Gris-
wold, Halsey, Hamilton, Hooper, Richard D. Hub-
bard, Alexander H. Jones,Loughridge,Lynch, Mar-
vin, McCuliough, Mercur, Morrissey, Mullins, Myers,
Newcomb, Pile, Price, Pruyn, Smith, Stone, Svpher,
John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Wyck,
Vidal, Blihu B. Wrashburne, and Windom-—53.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Ward, to refer the bill to the select Committee
on Alleged Election Frauds in New York j and
being put, the motion was agreed to.
SALE OF GOLD,ETC.
Mr. BARNES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1887) providing for the exchange of gold for
United States demand notes, and to prevent
the sale of gold ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Banking and Currency, ordered to be printed,
and also ordered to be printed in the Globe.
The bill is as follows:
A hill providing for the exchange of gold for United
States demand notes, and to piohibit the sale of
gold.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States in Congress assembled, That
on and after the passage of this act, the Secretary of
the Treasury of the United States shall exchange
the gold coin of the United States in excess of $60,-
000,000 for the demand notes of the United States,
usually known as legal-tender notes, as follows:
when more than sixty million dollars of gold coin
shall be in the Treasury of the United states he shall
with such excess pay all the obligations of the Uni-
ted States, now payable in demand notes, in gold,
less the difference on said notes between the value of
the same and the value ot gold coin in the city of
New York, on the first Monday of the month when
said payments are made; and for any further excess
of gold coin he shall take ten per cent, of the said
demand notes of the United States, held by any na-
tional bank at any one time, exchanging therefor
gold coin as hereinbefore provided.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall commence said exchange
of gold for the United States demand notes with the
national banks in the alphabetical order of said na-
tional banks in the State of New York, and alternate
the same with the national banks throughout the
United States according to the discretion ot the Sec-
retary, but upon principles of equity and for the
public good; but in all cases he shall notily the bank
or banks next to be called upon for said exchange
thirty days in advance.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, Tnat when any
national bank has so exchanged any part ot its uni-
ted States demand notes for gold coin, it shall be law-
ful for said bank to hold said gold as legal reserve
for the amount of its circulation and deposits, m
lieu of and the same as is now required to be done
by United States demand notes, under an act to pro-
vide a national currency, approved June 3.1864. _
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, ibat when said
United States demand notes have been so exchanged
and become the property of the United states, they
shall be registered and destroyed, the same as is now
done with mutilated currency.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That on and alter
the passage of this act, it shall be unlawful tor the
Secretary of the Treasury to sell or allow to be sold
any grold coin of the United States of which it may
be possessed, until all of its demand notes are retired
or canceled.
Sec. 6. And be tt further enacted, Tnat scction one
of this act shall fee executed andcarried out as herein
provided, and further according to the discretion ot
the Secretary ot the Treasury of the United btates.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That this act shall
take effect July 1,1869.
building ok steams iitvs.
Mr. BROOKS introduced a hill (H. R. No.
1888) to eucourage the building of steamships
in the United States; which was read a first
and second time, and rd'ovrrid to the Oonuuit-
tee of Ways and Means.
AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. SELYE introduced a "joint, resolution
(H. R. No. 443) proposing an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States'? "which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and-ordered
to be printed.
VALUE Of EXTRA RATIONS.
Mr. MORRELL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1889) regulating the value of extra rations to
which Army officers may be entitled; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. MILLER introduced a joint resolution
(H. 11. No. 444) proposing an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States; which1
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
bounty- laws.
Mr. KOONTZ introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1890) amendatory of the act of 28th July, 1866,
granting bounty to soldiers ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
PAYMENT OF CLAIMS,
Mr. WHITTEMORE introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1891) authorizing payment to be made
for certain services rendered to the United
States in the late insurrectionary States ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
DISABILITIES OK EPH. LATHAM.
Mr. CALLIS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1892) to remove all political disabilities from
Eph. Latham, a citizen of Larltinsville, Jack-
son county, in the State of Alabama; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Reconstruction.
EIGHTS OF CITIZENS OF ALABAMA.
Mr. HAUGHEY introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 445) relative to the rights of
lo.val citizsns of Alabama ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
REVISION OP TU1IFF LAWS.
Mr. DELANO introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 446) authorizing the President to
appoint a commission to revise the tariff laws,
and report their proceedings and recommend-
ations thereon to Congress; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
MRS. MARTIIA ROBINSON.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1893) granting a pension to Mrs.
Martha Robinson ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
RECIPROCITY TREATIES.
Mr. SPALDING introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 447) in relation to reciprocity
treaties with foreign nations as against public
policy at this time; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
POST ROAD IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. -MeKEE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1894) to establish a post road from Flemmings-
burg to Upper Tygart, Kentucky ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to'
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
MEMPHIS AND EL P4.r*0 RAILROAD.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1893) to grant the right of way to the Mem-
phis, El Paso and Pacific Railroad Company
from El Paso, Texas, to the Pacific -ocean ;
whieh was read a first and second time, referred
