m*
THB GOEGRESSIGKAL GLOBSi
March. I#
Cumberland, be entitled to thfc same relief as pro~
tided for the-eoropanies n&ffiesd in Hie first section of
thisraot: 'Promdedykoxeever, That before such pay-
ment satisfactory" evidence of service sfa all be fur-
nished by claimants and approved by the Secretary
of War.
The amendrnent was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. When were these scouts
employed?
M?. SPRAGUE., During the war.
Mr. GRIMES.: What time during the;war?
Mr! SPRAGUE. In the latter part, toward
tlie close.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know when
these scouts were employed and mustered into
the service. Were they ever mustered into the
service?
Mr. SPRAGUE. The reports from the
Department indicate that they were employed
regularly. The reports from the Department
are here before the Senate showing that they
were regularly Employed and ought to be paid.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendments be engrossed
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proeeed to the consideration of House bill No.
1880, to relieve certain persons therein named
from the legal and political disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth amendment of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and for other pur-
poses.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill at this
time.
Mr. DRAKE. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it goes over.
Mr. RAMSEY. If that bill is to go over, T
move that the Senate proceed to the considera-
tion of Senate bill No. 956.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will not a vote of the
Senate take up the bill indicated by the Sen-
ator from Nevada?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not in the
morning hour. The morning business is not
yet gone through with.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But the Senator from
Minnesota is asking to take up another bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is for
the Senate to determine "whether it shall be
taken up or not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is no objection
of course it can be taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. One objec-
tion carries it over.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Seuate bill
No. 956.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the bill to which
I have referred will be taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
an objection to it, which carries it over for the
morning hour.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I press my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota asks unanimous consent
to take up Senate bill No. 956, to establish
and declare the railroad and bridges of the
New Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga Rail-
road Company, as hereatter constructed west-
ward from the city of New Orleans, a post
road, and for other purposes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then an objection car-
ries the bill of the Senator from Nevada over?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Of course
it does; or any other bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Does the rule exclude the
taking up of bills on motion after the morning
business, the presentation of petitions, reports
of committees, and tills, is concluded ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks not.
Mr. STEWART. If there are any petitions
or memorials or bills to introduce I will give
way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senators
immediately on the assembling of the Senate
began to call up bills. A Tew petitions were
offered. Reports are in order rf there be no
farther petitions.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to make some
reports.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive them.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1206) to restore to certain
parties their rights under the laws and treaties
of the United States, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration ; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following memorial, peti-
tions, and resolution, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration; which was
agreed to:
The petition of Jessie Benton Fremont, gray-
ing for the restitution of property in San Fran-
cisco belonging to her, illegally held since
October, 1803, by the United States Govern-
ment ;
The petition of Meta Nimity, praying to be
allowed to redeem her property sold for taxes;
A resolution of the Legislature of Oregon, in
favor of granting and confirming to that State
a certain piece of land known as the southeast
quarter of section seventeen, township nine
south, range forty east of Willamette meri-
dian, with full power in the State to convey the
land to Royal Augustus Pearce, resident on
the land ;
A petition of citizens of Washington county,
Missouri, praying that the land known as the
Spanish claim of Moses Austin may be dis-
posed of to actual settlers under the homestead
law;
The petition of the trustees of the town of
Potosi, Missouri, praying for the confirmation
of the title to the land on which that town is
situated; and
The memorial of Jonathan Crews, as attorney
and agent for the heirs and Francis Renault,
alias Urno, and Antoine Renault, deceased,
praying the passage of an act authorizing the
heirs to locate four hundred acres of land each
on any land not appropriated or located in the
old donation tract in the Vincennes land dis-
trict.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 485) providing
for the examination of the claim of J. Mariano
Bonilla to the rancho "La Curesta," in the
State of California, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 513) concerning
land claims in the State of Arkansas, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 244) relative to
the La Junta land grant in New Mexico, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
824) relative to the refining of gold and silver
bullion at the Mint of the United States and
j bran ch es. asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
! the bill (H. R. No. 908) for the coinage of
nickel-copper pieces of five cents and under,
to state that the committee are equally divided
on the subject, and therefore I report back the
bill to the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1672) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial'
expenses of the Government for the year en d-
ing June 30, 1870, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Jonathan Elliot, late commercial agent
of the United States at San Domingo and Porto
Plata, praying compensation for services ren-
dered and reimbursement for money expended
in negotiating a treaty with the Dominican
republic in the year 1856, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills and resolu-
tions, asked to be discharged from their fur-
ther consideration ; which was agreed to:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 45J) concern-
ing the payment of claims made by foreign
Governments against the United States for
property destroyed by the armies of the Uni-
ted States;
A bill (S. No. 578) to regulate trade between
the United States and the British North Amer-
ican Provinces, and for other purposes ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 46) respecting
the proposed confederation of provinces on the
northern frontier of the United States ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 254) for the
protection of American interests in the Gulf
of St. Lawrence;
A joint resolution (H. R. No_. 138) request-
ing the President to intercede with her Majesty
the Queen of Great Britain to secure the speedy
release of Robert Lynch, now imprisoned in
the province of Canada ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 139) request-
ing the President to intercede for the release
of American citizens imprisoned in Great
Britain and Ireland on insufficient grounds ;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 763) for the relief of Amer-
ican citizens abroad.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following message, petitions,
memorials, and resolutions, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to:
A message of the President of the United
States, communicating correspondence relative
to an alleged practice of the Danish author-
ities to banish convicts to this country ;
A message of the President of the United
States, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate, information in respect
to the action of the mixed commission for the
adjustment of claims by citizens of the United
States against the Government of Venezuela ;
A memorial of claimants against the Gov-
ernment of Venezuela, praying that the Gov-
ernment of the United States pay them the
amount allowed them by the commission ;
A resolution directing the committee to
inquire into the expediency of negotiating a
treaty with Great Britain, regulating our trade,
&c., with Canada ;
A message of the President of the United
States, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of the 5th of February
last, correspondence upon the subject of the
murder by the inhabitants of the Island of
Formosa of the ship's company of the Ameri-
can bark Rover:
A message from the President of the United
States, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of the 21st of February
last, information in relation to the abduction
of one Allan McDonald from the township of
Moore, in Canada;
The petition of John P. Brown, praying an
increase of compensation as secretary and
dragoman to the legation at Constantinople;
The petition of John Warren, a citizen of
the United States, now a convict in an English
prison under sentence as a Fenian, asking the
interposition of the Government in his behalf;
A petition of merchants of Philadelphia, in
favor of the renewal of reciprocity treaty with
Canada;
Two petitions of citizens of Boston, one pe-
tition of citizens of New York, one petition of
members of the New York Produce Exchango,
and two petitions of citizens ofthe UnitedStates,
praying that a reciprocity treaty may be made
with the Dominion of Canada and the British
provinces;
Resolutions of the Board of Trade of Charles-
