THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
February
to tjfoe. Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
WESLEY' FORD..
Mr. CULLOM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1896) for the relief of Wesley Ford'; yrfuch
wss read a first and. second time, and, with
accompanying papers,.referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
PARLEY SWETT.
Mr. CULLOM also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1897) to place the nam^ of Parley Swett
upon the pension-rollwhich was -read a first
and-second time, and', with ' accompanying
papers, referred to the the Committee on In-
valid Pensions.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. BAKER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1898.) amendatory of the naturalization laws
of the United States; which was read a first
and second time.
_ The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that all persons qualified to be-
come citizens of the United States by any law
heretofore in force respecting tbe naturaliz-
ation of aliens, and who have heretofore been
b'ona ftd'e and ia compliance with such' laws
admitted to ci tizenship by courts of record hav-
ing no seal, butwhich courts may not fyave had
such general common law jurisdiction as is con-
templated by said previous laws, shall be con-
sidered as having been duly naturalized by said
courts, and shall be considered citizens of the
United States from arid after the time of the
order of such court admitting them as citizens.
The second section provides that the first
declaration preparatory to final admission to
citizenship heretofore made in good faith and
in compliance with said previous laws respect-
ing the naturalization of foreigners before such
court of record having a seal, but no general
common law jurisdiction, shall be deemed suf-
ficient by courts of competent jurisdiction for
final admission to citizenship as provided by
said laws respecting naturalization.
'1 he bill was then referred to the* Committee
on Revision of Laws of the United States, and
ordered to be printed.
PACIFIC RAILROADS.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of Missouri,
hi relation to certain railroads; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
LAND QUANTS TO WISCONSIN, ETC.
Mr. SAWYER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
189!)) granting lands to the States of Michigan,
Wisconsin, and Minnesota, to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
RAILROAD IN OREGON AND NUVADA.
Mr. MALLOItY presented a memorial of
the Legislature of the State of Oregon, asking
aid in the construction of a railroad from the
north bend of Humboldt river, in theState of
Nevada, to Portland, Oregon; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
MAIL SHItVICE IN OREGON.
Mr. MALLORY also presented a memorial
of the Legislature of Oregon, asking for a mail
service from Louisville to Elk City, in the State
of Oregon; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
POST ROAD IN OltKGON.
'c^iT" J^^LORY also presented a memorial
cl_ the Legislature of Oregon, asking an appro-
priation of $75,000 for a military and post
road from Willamette river to Dalles City, in
Oregon ; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
WILLAMETTE IUY1SR, OREGON.
Mr. MALLORY also presented a memorial
of the Legislature of Oregon asking au appro-
priation of $100,000- for the improvement of
Willamette river; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations;
LIGHT-HOUSE IN OREGON.
Mr. MALLORY also presented a memorial
of the Legislature of Oregon, asking the erec-
tion of a light-house at the mouth of Laguina
bay, in Oregon; whiqh was refetred to the Com-
mittee on. Appropriations.
.THANKS TO GENERAL SHERIDAN, ETC.
Mt. .CLARKE, of Kansas, presented qon-
currentresolutionsofthe Legislature of the State
of Kansas, tendering thanks to Generals Sheri-
dan and Custar and Colonel Forsythe for their
efficiency in prosecuting the Indian war, and
declaring that the.Legislature has no sympathy
for the peace commission and eastern philan-
thropists who are endeavoring to cast odium on
the_ gallant commanders above mentioned ;
which were referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
CENTRAL WEST VIRGINIA RAILROAD.
Mr. POLSLEY presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of West Virginia,
asking a grant of public lands to aid in the
construction of the Central West Virginia rail-
road ; which was referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
PACIFIC RAILROADS.
Mr. HOLBROOK presented the following ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, ordered to be printed for the
use of the House, and also to be published in
full in the Globe:
C. M.-No. 13.
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the Uni-
ted States in Congress assembled:
Your memoiinlists, tbo council and house of repre-
sentatives of the Territory of Idaho, would respcet-
•Anrfisnn t flinf fha Tai<m f .n    n
j.rs1nt,ui.y is piuaeui ana must lor a long
time to come bo dependent-in great measure upon
th ose roads for passenger travel and commercial traffic
with the eastern States and western coast; that while
we aro not unmindful of the great outlay of money
necessary to build and equip these roads, we are still
of the opinion that the rates of passenger fare and
freight now charged and allowed by law by the Cen-
tral Pacific Company are greatly disproportionate to
the exponses oj building and running that road, and
altogether too high, both for the true interest of the
company and the prosperity of the country; that we
are led to .this conclusion by a comparison of the
tariff of prices now ftilowed by law and charged by
the Oontval Pacific Company with the tariffs of other
roads, nnd particularly as com paved with the tariffs
of the Union Pacific road; that this opinion is sup-
poiled and strengthened by the fact that the present
tariff by rail from our Territory to the city of Chi-
cago. a distance of over sixteen hundred miles, is
about seven cents per mile, whilefrom this Territory
to ban Francisco, a distance of about seven hundred
miles by the Central Pacific road, tbo tariff isoharged
ten cents in gold, being equal to nearly fourteen
cents per mile. This opinion is further supported by
the published official report of the earnings and ex-
penses of tbe Central Pacific road during the last
two years. We, your memorialists, therefore respect-
fully recommend to your honorable bodies that said
Central Pacifio Railroad Company be restricted to
lower rates of fare for passengers and froightthan
the high and ruinous rates now allowed by law, and
that the same may be established upon terms that
your honorable bodies may deem equitable and just
and for the development a nd benefit of the country
as well as the interest of the corporation whose en-
terprise is the grandest scheme of internal improve-
ment ever conceived by any nation in any age* and
your memorialists, as in duty bound, will ever pray.
AD 1869 houso of representatives January 15,
E. T. BEATTY, Speaker.
Passed the council January 14, A. D. 18G9.
J. S. TAYLOR, President.
I do hereby certify that the within council memo-
rial No. 13, asking Congress to regulate the tariffs on
the Central Pacific and L'nion Pacific railroads on*
ginated m the council of the Legislative Assembly of
Idaho territory, fifth session thereof.
Attest: GEORGE AINSLIE,
ticcrctari/ o/ Council.
Secretary's Office, Idaho Territory.
I hereby certify the foregoing to be a truo copy of
council memorial No. 13 as passed by the filth ses-
sion IdahoLegislative Assembly, as per original, now
on file m this office.
In testimony whereof T have hereunto set my hand
i, u I and affixed the seal of the Territory, at Boisfi
L 'S'J City, this 21st day of January, A. D. 1869.
S. R. HOWLBTT.
t&cretary Idaho.
. POST ROADS"IN MONTANA.
Mr. CAVANAUGHintroducedabill (H. R.
No. 1900) to establish certain post routes in
the Territory of rMontana; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
NEW ORLEANS AND SELMA RAILROAD.
Mr. PIERCE introduced a bill (H. R, No.
1901J granting public lands to the New Orleans
and Selma Railroad Company and Immigration
Association ; which was read a first and second
time, .referred to the Committee on the Public
Latfds, and ordered.to'be printed.
POST ROUTE IN ALABAMA.
Mr. PIERCE also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1902) to establish a post route from De-
mopolis, Marengo county, Alabama, to Eutaw,
Greene county, ^Alabama, via Portland and
Burton Hill; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on. the
Post Office and Post Roads.
CHARLES MAINS.
_ Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, introduced a
bill (H. R._ No. 1903) granting a'pension to
Charles Mains, of Tennessee ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and of
the War of 1812.
NATURALIZATION.
Mr. KERR introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1904) to prescribe a uniform rule of natural-
ization ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Revision
of Laws of the United States, and ordered to
be printed.
W. W. BOYCE.
Mr. CORLEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1905) to remove the political disabilities of
W. W. Boyce, a citizen of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Reconstruction.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The next businessin order
during the morning hour is the calling of States,
commencing with the State of Indiana, for the
introduction of resolutions. Under this call
bills and joint resolutions may also be intro-
duced.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to- a question of order.
On Monday last the copper bill was up. Is
not that the first business in order?
The SPEAKER. It is the first business in
order after the morning hour. The morning
hour has not yet expired.
PUBLIC LANDS, LAND GRANTS, ETC.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 448) to prevent the further sale of
the public lands of the United States except
as provided for in the preemption and home-
stead laws and the laws for disposing of town
sites and mineral lands, and regulating further
grants of lands in aid of railroads ; which was
read a first and second time.
I lie question being on ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read the third
time,
Mr. JULTAN called the previous question.
_ The first section of the joint resolution pro-
vides that from and after its passage the further
sale of the public lands of the United States as
now provided for by law shall cease, except as
provided for in the preemption and homestead
laws and the laws for disposing of town sites
and mineral lands ; but this provision is not to
be gp construed as to prevent the location of
military bounty-land warrants, agricultural
college scrip, or other land scrip, as authorized
under existing laws.
The second section provides that no more
public lands shall be granted to aid in the con-
struction of railroads, unless upon the express
condition, in the acts granting the same, that
they shall be sold by the State, Territory, or
company to whifch the grant is made, to actual
settlers only, in quantities not greater than one
