1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
4r
TENNESSEE.
Roderick E. Butler, James Mullins,
Horace Maynard, John Trimble,
William B. Stokes, Samuel M. Arnell.
INDIANA.
William E. Niblaek, Henry D. Washbnrn,
Michael C. Kerr, Godlove S. Orth,
Morton 0. Hunter, ~ 'Schuyler Colfax,
George W. Julian, William Williams,
John Coburn, John P. C. Shanks.
ILLINOIS,
Norman B. Judd, Shelby M. Cullom,
J ohn F. J) arnswortb, Lewis W. Boss,
Eliliu B. Washburne, Albert G. Burr,
Abner C. Harding, Samuel S. Marshall,
Ebon C. iDgersoll, Jehu Baker.
Burton C. Cook,
MISSOURI.
James R. MeCormiok, Benjamin E. Loan,
Joseph J. Gravely, George W. Anderson,
Robert T. Van Horn,
MICHIGAN.
Fernando C. Beaman, Thomas W. Ferry,
Charles UpsoD, John F. Driggs.
Austin Blair,
IOWA.
James F. Wilson, William B. Allison,
Hiram Price, William Loughridge.
WISCONSIN.
IlalbertE. Paine, Charles A. Eldridgo,
Senjamin F. Hopkins, C.C.Washburn.
Amasa Cobb,
CALIFORNIA.
Samuel B. Axtell, William Higby.
MINNESOTA.
William Windom, Ignatius Donnelly.
OREGON. KANSAS.
Rufus Mallory. Sidney Clarke.
WEST VIRGINIA.
Chester D. Hubbard, Daniel Polsley.
Bethuel M. Kitchen,
NEBRASKA. COLORADO.
John Taffe. George M. Chilcott.
NEW MEXICO. ARIZONA.
Charles P. Clever. Coles Bashford.
WASHINGTON. MONTANA.
Aivan Flanders. James M. Cavanaugh.
The SPEAKER. One hundred and sixty-
eight members have answered to their names,
and a quorum is now in attendance.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to state that Gen-
era! Logax is absent on account of sickness.
organization of congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, offered the
following resolution; which was agreed to :
Resolved, That the Clerk acquaint the Senate that
a quorumof the House of Representatives has assem-
bled, and is now ready to proceed to business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, also offered
the following resolution; which Was agreed to :
Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed
on the part of the House, to join such committee as
may be appointed on the part of the Senate, to wait
on the President of the United States, and to inform
him that a quorum of the two Houses is now in ses-
sion, and that Congress is ready to receive any com-
munication he may be pleased to make.
The SPEAKER appointed as the committee
011 the part of the House of Representatives
Messrs. Washburxe of Illinois, Sohexck of
Ohio, and Brooks of New York.
Mr, SUHKNCIv. I ask to be excused from
service on that committee.
By unanimous consent, Mr. Schexck was
excused, and the Speaker appointed in his
place Mr. Garfield, of Ohio.
members sworn in.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lays before
the House credentials from the Governor of
Pennsylvania, in regard to two seats where
vacancies have occurred since the last session
of Congress, by the death of Mr. Stevens and
Mr. Finney. If there is no objection the mem-
boi s elect will present themselves to the Speak-
er's desk and take the oath of office.
Mr. LOAN. I suggest that the successor of
Mr. McClurg, elected from the State of Mis-
souri. who is present and presents his creden-
tials. be alto sworn in.
The following members accordingly ap-
peared, and were duly qualified by taking the
oath prescribed by law:
S. Neftoj? Pettis, from the twentieth con-
gressional district of Pennsylvania;
_ Oliver J. Dickey, from the ninth congres-
sional district of Pennsylvania; and
_ Johu Stover, from the fifth congres-
sional district 'of Missouri; '
mspsesenxativb from georgia.
The SPEAKER. The Chair also lays before
the House, as a question of privilege, the fol-
lowing credentials from the Governor of the
State of Georgia, which will be reported in full
by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
State of Georgia,
By his Excellency Kotos B. Btjllock,
Governor of said State :
To Hon. John A. Wimpy, greeting.'
Whereas the convention of the people of this State
held under the reconstruction acts of Congress passed
an ordinance dated March 10,1868, which ordained
that an election be held beginning on the 20th day
of April, 1868, for Representatives to the Congress of
the United States; and whereas the returns made
agreeably to said ordinance show that John H.
Christy received the highest number of votes for Rep-
resentative from the sixth congressional district of
this State v and whereas i am satisfied, from the evi-
dence in my possesion, thatsa-id Christy is, tmderthe
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, ineligible to office; and whereas sec-
tion one hundred and twenty-one of the code of
Georgia declares that if at any popular election to
fill any office the person elected is ineligible the per-
son receiving the next highest number of votes who
is eligible, whenever a plurality elects, shall be
declared elected and be qualified and commissioned
to such office; and whereas you, the said John A.
Wimpy, have received the next highest number of
votes in said sixth congressional district at said
election, and are not ineligible; and whereas it is my
duty, under the law3 of Georgia, to commission per-
sons legally elected: these are, therefore, to com-
mission you, the said John A. Wimpy, to take session
in the House of Representatives of the United States
in accordance with said election under said ordi-
nance, a copy of which is hereunto annexed, and to
use and exercise all and every privilege and power
which of right you may or can do in and by virtue
of the constitution in behalf of this State.
Given under my hand and the great seal of the
State at the capitol in Atlanta, this 24th day of
November, A. D 3868, and of the independence ol
the United States of America the ninety-third. q
By the Governor:
DAVID G. COLTING,
Secretary of State.
Sir. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, I hold in my
hand a certificate from Major General Meade,
commanding in the military district in which
Georgia is situated—a certificate of election
under the reconstruction acts of Congress—
giving the seat to John H. Christy. I send it
to the Clerk's desk and ask that it be read ;
after which I propose to make a few remarks
in reply to the statements in the certificate
which has just been read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Headquarters Third Military District,
(Georgia, Florida, and Alabama.)
From returns made to these headquarters by
boards of registration of the election held in the
State of Georgia for civil officers of said State and
for members of Congress, under the provisions of
General Order No. 40, issued from these headquar-
ters, which election commenced on the 20chday of
April and continued four days, it is hereby certified
that it appears that in said election John H.Christy
received a majority of the votes cast for a Repre-
sentative to the Congress of the United States from
the sixth congressional district in said State of
Georgia. GEORGE G.MEADE,
Major General United States Army, Commanding.
Mr. BROOKS resumed the floor.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker  
Mr. BROOKS. I will yield the floor tem-
porarily to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. DAWES. I rose to make a motion that
both these papers be referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections.
Mr. BROOKS. That is a proper motion,
and I propose to make the same motion ; but
in order to obviate any wrong impression that
may go abroad from the certificate of the Gov-
ernor of Georgia I wish to state that this gen-
tleman from the State of Georgia, Mr. Christy,
holds the same certificate that all the other
members from Georgia on this floor held—a
certificate from Major General Meade, com-
manding in the district of Georgia. I wish also
to state that no .proceedings whatsoever have
been taken in the Sta.te.of Georgia which ad-
hibit any disqualification against Mr. Christy,
certainly none which dpes not equally apply tp
the gentleman who holds the certifies^ from
the Governor of the State of Georgia in oppo-
sition to that of the military commander of
the State of Georgia. Mr. Wimpy, who holds
. the certificate from the Governor of -the'State
of Georgia, was, I understand, during the
rebellion a subordinate officer in the rebel
army of Georgia in the employ of the confed-
erate States, and would be utterly disqualified
from taking the oath or any oath whatsoever
qualifying him as a member of this House,
provided he had not been exempted by a spe-
cial act of Congress from all disqualifications
at the last session of Congress. After his
exemption' from those disqualifications by a
special act of Congress, he goes to the; Gov-
ernor of Georgia and claims,that Mr.'Chrtsty
is disqualified. Mr. Christy was alwk/s a
Union man prior to the war, a "Whig editpr,
who only yielded to the overwhelmingimpulse
of the State of Georgia. , Unable to receive
protection from the Federal Government, the
de jure Government of the United States, as
well as of the State of Georgia, he yielded
obedience to the defacto government of the
State of Georgia. He was a Union man, and
voted against secession and exerted his whole
influence as a Whig editor against secession ;
but when it was discovered that he was elected
Mr. Wimpy came here to Washington and J
received an exemption among the three or tf
four or six thousand—I know not how many
there were—exemptions by Congress which
were suddenly enacted by Congress.- He then
went to the Governor of . the State of Georgia
and claimed the certificate from the Governor,
not because he had received the highest-num-
ber of votes, but a secondary number.- On that
certificate he presents himself here to Ibis-House
and claims the right to' occupy a seat here.
I do/not propose to make any extended
remartis upon this subject. I suppose the
whrfle subject properly goes to the Committee
oy Elections, by whom it will be fully eonsid-
ed. I therefore move that these paper® be
referred to the Committee of Elections, and on
that motion I call the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] withdraw that mo-
tion, and yield to me for a single moment?
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly, I will do so.
Mr. DAWES. I understand the position of
this ease to be this—I did not hear very dis-
tinctly the gentleman from New York—but a
paper is read at the Clerk's desk which makes
a charge of disloyalty against one of these gen-
tlemen, and I understand the gentleman from
New York to make a similar charge against
the other. It has been the rule of this House
whenever a charge is made in apparent good
faith against the loyalty of any man presenting
himself for a seat in this House to refer that
question to the Committee of Elections for
examination before an applicant is sworn in.
These two men, it seems, come here each
claiming the seat, and a charge istnade against
each that he is ineligible to office. I think,
therefore, that, without any further delay, it
would be proper that this matter be referred
to the Committee of Elections, so that that
committee may investigate these charges. I
accordingly renew the motion of the gentleman
from New York.
The previous question was then seconded
and the main question ordered;, and under
the operation thereof the motion to refer was
agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion to refer was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message fbom the SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mx.
ham, its Secretary, informed the House that a
quorum of the Senate-had assembled, and the
