1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1711
ton, Soutli Carolina, in favor of the protection
of private property at sea daring war;
Three memorials of merchants and ship-
owners of Boston, Massachusetts, praying such
action as will declare and establish as a prin-
ciple governing the relations of the United
States with other nations at peace with this
country, but which as between themselves may
have been at war, that when hostilities shall
have ceased for a period of time so as to raise
the presumption that they will not be renewed
the state of war shall be deemed at an end, so
far as the citizens of the United States are
concerned;
A resolution of the Maine Legislature, re-
questing their Senators and Representatives
in Congress to bring before that body the ne-
cessity of obtaining aid for the railroads and
for an examination of the harbors of that State,
so as to provide efficient means for its de-
fense;
Resolutions of the Maine Legislature, sym-
pathizing with the Cretans in their struggle for
independence; and
Resolutions of the Board of Trade of Prov-
idence, Rhode Island, on the subject of the
immunity of private property at sea in time of
war.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee 011 Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2006) to establish certain
post roads, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, reported
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 2-H) for the relief
of John Wightman, of Mcadville, Pennsyl-
vania; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No.
1601) to provide stationery for Congress and
the several Departments, and for other pur-
poses, have instructed me to report it back
without amendment and recommend its pas-
sage. If the Senate was not so thin I should
ask to take up the bill now. I give notice
that rshall do so in the course of the day.
Mr. CONNESS. Let it be taken up now.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to have it
taken up ; but I do not wish to have it acted
upon in the absence of so many Senators. It
makes considerable changes in the mode of
providing stationery, and I think it makes a
very great saving to the Government; I know
it does.
Mr. CONNESS. Now is the time to pass it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports
from committees are still in order. If there
be no reports, then the introduction of bills is
in order.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope we shall give im-
mediate consideration to the bill just reported
by the Senator from Rhode Island if there is
no objection.
Mr. MORTON. I object.
smithsonian report.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
a resolution to print additional copies of the
report of the Smithsonian Institution for the
year 1868, to report it back without amend-
ment, and I ask for its present consideration.
It is the usual resolution that is passed every
year.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to, as follows:
Remlved, That five thousand copies of the report
of the Smithsonian Institution for the year 1868 be
printed, three thousand for the use of the Senate
and two thousand for the institution, and that said
report be stereotyped: Provided, That the aggregate
number of pages of said report shall not exceed
lour hundred and fifty without illustrations, except
those lurnished by the institution.
amendments to appropriation bills.
Mr. Anthony and Mr. Ferry submitted
amendments intended to be proposed to the
bill (H. R. No. 1672) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1870 ; which were referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
mississippi valley.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
jRevolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
communicate to Congress the report of Brigadier
General B. S. Roberts to the Secretary of "War on the
subject of using the surplus waters of the upper lakes
to make the upper Mississippi, Illinois, and Ohio
rivers more navigable, and his plan for reclaiming
the waste lands of the Mississippi basin.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the bill (H.
R. No. 1880) to relieve certain persons therein
named from their legal and political disabil-
ities imposed by the fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution of the United States, and for
other purposes, be taken up and disposed of,
in order that it may go back to the House with
our amendments.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with amendments. The first amend-
ment was in line seventeen to strike out the
word "and," and in line eighteen to insert the
words "and John R. Tompkins, of Mobile."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-
three to insert the names of S. L. Griffith and
P. O. Hooper, of Pulaski county, Arkansas.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Unless there be some
objection, I hope the vote will be taken on all
the amendments reported by the committee at
once.
Mr. CONNESS. There is an amendment on
the fourth page that I wish to amend before it
is voted upon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment of the
committee.
Mr. CONNESS. That is subject to amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the name of "Asa
Rogers." in line seventy on page 4.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. STEWART. There has been a great
contest over that name on both sides, and I
have received a great many protests on the
subject. I shall not object to striking it out.
I leave it entirely to the Senate. He is one of
the judges of Virginia. On the one hand he
is represented as being a very estimable and
necessary man in his office ; and on the other
hand he is represented as being entirely op-
posed to reconstruction. These different asser-
tions are made by every credible persons on
both sides. The committee put the name in;
and I am here neither to advocate its staying
in or its striking out or taking any decided
ground about it. It is a matter of very great
doubt in my mind.
Mr. CONNESS. I have information upon
which I implicitly rely as to the unfitness of
this man for this favor, and there can be no
doubt in regard to the source of my informa-
tion. I hope he will be left out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that name will
not be stricken out. I have seen several gen-
tlemen in regard to this person. The papers
are in the hands of the Senator from Nevada,
who had charge of the subject.
Mr. STEWART. I have not the papers here
i n regard to this case. They are very volu-
minous.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Some persons came to
see me in reference to this case, but there are
so many of these cases that I am unable to state
all the facts in any particular case without re-
ferring to the papers. I know I have seen
some papers from Virginia in reference to this
particular case, and if the Senator from Nevada
will refer to the papers I think it will appear
that the Senators from West Virginia indorse
him. I did not hear what the Senator from
California said, what the point) was that was
.made upon this person.
Mr. CONNESS. The point is that he is an
arrant rebel, that he is unfit again to be trusted,
certainly at this time, with the privileges of cit-
izenship, that he should remain under his dis-
abilities. He holds an office in the State of
Virginia. His case, as stated by the member
of the Judiciary Committee, the Senator from
Nevada, who has this subject in charge, is one
of doubt as presented to the committee, state-
ments being made on both sides ; of course
this is a class of cases which will always have
two sides.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator from Cali-
fornia will allow me to say a word in regard
to Mr. Rogers, I understand he is the second
auditor of the State of Virginia.
Mr. CONNESS. He is.
Mr. HOWARD. Andlaminformedbya very
credible source that he says all he wishes his
disabilities to be relieved for is to enable him
to hold the office which he has now got; that
he is not a Union man, and does not profess to
be a Union man, and never did. I think if
that is the motive which induces him to apply
for relief from disabilities he ought to be accom-
modated, over the left.
Mr. CONNESS. Of course I can have no
motive as against this man at all any more
than any other person named in this bill; but
there is no doubt in my mind, from my source
of information—I know the source well—with
regard to the unfitness of this man for the
privilege proposed to be extended to him. I
have no doubt that the statement made by
the honorable Senator from Michigan with
regard to him is entirely correct.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There must be a mis-
take about that, because we require a state-
ment in writing from these parties themselves.
The papers in this case are in the hands of the
Senator from Nevada, and there are so many
of them that I am unable to distinguish
between them. I recollect something about
this ease. But I will say to the Senator from
Michigan that there is a written application by
this party himself. We have not putthe name
of anybody into the bill who does not state
that he asks to be relieved from his political
disabilities and promise to sustain the Govern-
ment and to recognize the condition of things
as they exist as binding upon him ; and that
is wholly inconsistent with the statement that
he merely asked to be relieved in order to be
able to hold the office. We have not put any
man in the bill who simply asked to be relieved
for the purpose of holding office. This mat-
ter was investigated in the committee; and I
think it would be well to have the application
read. I think this is one of the cases about
which the Senators from West Virginia made
a statement. I am not sure about that. I am
told it is not. I ask the Senators from West
Virginia if they do not know about this case?
Mr. WILLEY. I know the general reputa-
tion of Mr. Rogers very well before the war
as a man of high character and standing and
influential position in Virginia. About his
connection with the war or nis status during
the war I have no knowledge whatever and
know nothing about the facts. The papers in
regard to his case have never been in my hands,
nor have I had occasion to make a personal
examination of them ; but as to his general
character and reputation and standing and pro-
priety of conduct before the war I do not
know of any man who stood higher or main-
tained a higher social position. I have heard
of rumors in regard to his status during the
war, of which I know nothing personally. Nor
have I had it within my power to make an ex-
amination into the facts alluded to. That is
all I can state in regard to the case.
Mr. FERRY. I hope that the name of this
gentleman will not be stricken out of this bill.
It is of course evident that he must have been
implicated in the rebellion from the very fact
that he asks to be relieved of the disabilities
which were produced by such implication. We
have the testimony of the Senator from West
Virginia that he is agenlleman of high charac-
ter and standing, and of the chairman of the
