im
THE CONGRESSIONAL &L0BE.
March I ,
Judiciary Committee that h« luU fikd with the
committee his petitkmaequiescing in the ex-
isting state of things as binding and as final.
Now, the faet is- just this, as I have observed
with regard to a great many of these applica-
tions for the removal of;disabilities, if the ap-
plicant is a person balding^a civil office there
are in thecommnnity in which he resides other
peisons who want the office that he holds, and
just so soon as it is .ascertained that a person
holding a civil office has made an application
to Congress for the removal of his disabilities
those that desire his office came or send here
and prefer changes of the most outrageous char-
acter against every sach individual. I have
known cases myself where gentlemen of high
standing, whose only implication in the rebel-
lion .was the act of voting for an ordinance of
secession, who were between sixty and seventy
years of age, whom I personally know acqui-
esce in .the existing condition of things and
desire the restoration of harmony to the coun-
try- upon the existing basis, upon applying here
to have their disabilities removed, they holding
an office at the time, statements such as are
preferred against Mr. Rogers have been pre-
ferred by interested persons for the very pur-
pose of keeping them under disabilities, causing
them to be removed from office, and thereby
procuring a vacancy into which some of those
persons may be placed. I suspect remon-
strances of the kind which are presented in
this ease.
Mr. HOWARD. I take the liberty of send-
ing to the Chair a letter dated " Rooms Grant
and Colfax Association, Richmond, February
27, 186&," and ask to have it read. It is very
short.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Booms Grant and Cot.pax Association,
Richmond, Virginia, February 27,1S69,
Sib: At a meeting of this association, held this
evening, the following resolutions were unanimously
adopted:
Resolved, That this association earnestly protest
against the removal of disabilities from office-holders
wiio have, in violation of the constitutional amend-
ment, held and used their positions against a proper
reconstruction of this State; and especially would
tbis association protest against sueh removal from
Judge John.A. Meredith, William A. Charters, Asa
Rogers, and William 3?. Taylor, beiug convinced that
they are not fit subjects for such clemency, but that
it would be dangerous and tend to encourage dis-
loyalty.
Resolved, That a copy of the above resolution be
forwarded to prominent Republican Senators and
Representatives in Cojagress and to the Reconstruc-
tion Committee.
Yery respectfully, GEORGE RY E,
President.
Tr „ „ G.L.RICHARDS,
Hon. Z. Chandleb. Secretary.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator from Con-
necticut undertakes to render the testimony
presented in regard to the disloyalty of this
man inapplicable to the case by throwing a sus-
picion upon it because this party holds a civil
office. Now, sir, I take it there are men in
those States whose testimony we should accept
without aspersing it and them by attributing
motives of that kind. If the honorable Senator
knows a ease where a man is governed by
motives of that character it is well to state it.
I might as well say that the honorable Senator's
opposition to this amendment comes from his
known position, he being in favor of relieving
all rebels from all disability whatever. But I
did not bring that into the argument of this
case. There is positive testimony that this is
an unfit man to whom to extend again at this
time the privileges of citizenship whiehheonce
possessed and threw off, making himself an
enemy of the country and of society. As I
before observed there can be no motive on the
part of Senators here opposing the removal of
disabilities from any particular person. I hold
in my hand a letter touching this man. I do not
see fit to occupy the time by reading it, but I
know the writer and I believe his statement. I
know him well. I believe him to be a man
without, guile, of good character, a patriot;
and I think we can afford to let Mr. Rogers
remain in his present position for some little
time to come.
Mr. ItiUMBULL. I am exceedingly glad
that the Senator from Michigan has sent this
paper to the desk to be read. It shows, and I
wish Senators to see, the position that the Sen-
ate of the United States and the Congress of
the United States are to be placed in accord-
ing to the theory of my friend from Michigan.
If the Congress of the United States is to be
made the mere registrar of a Grant aud Colfax
qlub in the city of Richmond I think Congress
had best adjourn. I will read this paper and
I will show upon what the objection is made to
the removal of the disabilities of this individ-
ual. It is simply a political club in the city of
Richmond, and they stale not one fact against
the person whose disabilities they modestly ask
Congress not to remove because the Grant
and Colfax club of the city of Richmond advise
that it should not be done. Now, let us see
what they say:
"Rooms Geant and Colfax Assqciation.
"Richmond, Virginia, February27,1869.
''At a meeting of tbis association, held this even-
ing. the following resolutions were unanimously
adopted."
This is signed by George Rye, president, and
G. L. Richards, secretary. Who was at the
meeting whom they represented, how extensive
the meeting was we have no information what-
ever. What was their resolution?
"Resolved, That this association earnestly pro-
test against the removal of disabilities from office-
holders "—
I suppose they want the offices themselves.
Mr. TIPTON. They have a right to have
them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Suppose the people do
not think proper to elect them; suppose the peo-
ple of Virginia think proper to elect somebody
else ; has the Grant and Colfax Club a right
to have them? Does the Senator from Ne-
braska mean to say that they have a right to
have them in defiance of the people ?
Mr. HOWARD. They have undoubtedly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They have undoubtedly
the Senator from Michigan thinks. If the
people think proper to elect a man who does
not belong to the Grant and Colfax Club in
the State of Nebraska, does the Senator from
Nebraska rise here and say they shall not be
permitted to do it? Is that the doctrine?
Mr. TIPTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to answer that now?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. TIPTON. I will-say that if the people
of the State of Nebraska should elect a man
who is so far yet steeped in rebellion as that
he is distasteful to a minority of the people
of the State of Nebraska—a very small and
insignificant minority—and if he cannot hold
that office until he is qualified by the Repub-
lican representatives of the United States, I
as one of them will never permit that major-
ity of the people of Nebraska to be heard in
his favor while I can control it in favor of a
minority of the loyal people in the Senate of
the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator would over-
ride a majority of the people in his State and
deny to them the right to elect, a person to office
whom they think proper to elect, and he would
remove no political disabilities at all, as I under-
stand him. He puts it upon the ground that he
will not relieve the political disabilities of a per-
son whom the people want to serve them where
they know him, are acquainted with him, aud
have thought he was the most proper man.
Mr. TIPTON. I say that where the opinion
of the minority of the loyal people of that State
and the opinion of the Representatives of the
loyal people in Congress have to be united for
his exclusion he is excluded by the will of the
majority of the people of this country.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then a minority of the
people of the locality that have a right to elect
have a right to dictate who the officers shall be,
and the people of the other States are to come
in from a distance and control that majority.
What becomes of your local organizations?
What becomes of your organization in the State
of Nebraska when a majority of the people of
the United States think you ought to have a
different government in Nebraska? Then you
will unite with the minority of the people of
Nebraskaand a majority out of Nebraska to put
into-Nebraakasuch a government as a minority
of the people there and a majority outside of
it say they shall have. I will do no such thing
for my State.
Mr. WILSON. That is not the question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us see what the ques-
tion is. An objection is made to the removal
of the disabilities of Mr. Rogers on this paper.
I will read it to the Senator from Massachusetts
and let us see what it is •"
'" Resolved, That this association earnestly protest
against the removal of disabilities from officeholders
who have in violation of the constitutional amend-
ment held and used their positions against a proper
reconstruction of this State "—
They decide what a proper reconstruction is-
land especially would this association protest agnmst
such removal from Judge John A. Meredith, Wil-
liam A. Charters, Asa Rogers, and Wiliiain F. Tay-
lor, being convinced that they are not fit suhjcctsfor
such clemency, but that it would be dangerous and
tend to encourage disloyalty.
'* Resolved, That a copy of the above resolution be
forwarded to prominent .Republican Senators and
Representatives in Congress and to the Reconstruc-
tion Committee."
Do they state any faets? Not one. They
say that these parties have been against a
proper reconstruction. What is a proper re-
construction ? Are they to decide that ques-
tion for the Senate of the United States ? They
say they are convinced "that they are not fit
subjects for such clemency.11 The Senate of
the United States has not anything to do with
it, I suppose, as the Grant and Colfax Associa-
tion at Richmond is convinced that they are
not proper subjects for clemency. Does that
satisfy my friend from Michigan ? Is my friend
from Michigan, in all seriousness, satisfied
with that because they say they are not satis-
fied? Js that any reason why th« political dis-
abilities should notbe removed? If this Grant
and Colfax Association had stated some facts,
something that these parties bad done 
Mr. CHANDLER. They'are rebels; that
is all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course they* were
rebels. My friend from Michigan understands
that. We do not remove disabilities from any-
body else. Of course the Senator understands
perfectly well that nobody is to have his dis-
abilities removed unless he has been a rebel.
Mr. CHANDLER. They are unrepentant
rsbslst
Mr. TRUMBULL. They do not say that.
It is not stated that Mr. Rogers is a rebel yet.
They say that he is an unfit person in their
opinion. If we are to take the opinion of that
association as to who is fit that is the end of
the case. Undoubtedly these parties were reb-
els ; and the constitutional amendment is in-
tended to apply to that class of persons and
to authorize the removal of disabilities from
that class of persons.
The reason that I have said what I have is,
that I was called upon personally by some gen-
tlemen in whom I have the utmost confidence,
who represented to me that this was a proper
person whose disabilities should be removed.
The fact that he holds an office may be a rea-
son in the opinion of the Grant and Colfax
Association why his disabilities should not be
removed, for doubtless they have in their as-
sociation persons who would like to take his
office.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What office is that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was stated that he
was the second auditor of the State of Virginia.
Mr. PERRY. He was elected before the
political disabilities supervened by virtue of
the act, and has just continued along.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He was elected by the
registered voters, I suppose, in Virginia.
Mr. CONNESS. By Andrew Johnson's
voters.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They were registered
under our laws, I take it.
Mr. CONNBSS. Not at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Was he not elected
under the Peirpoint constitution?
Mr. HOWARD. Under the constitution of
May 29, 1865.
