1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1713
Mr. CONNESS. Under the Johnson pro-
gramme.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know how he
was elected ; but the constitutional government
which has prevailed in Virginia is the one first
adopted in West Virginia.
Mr. FERRY. When he was elected and
assumed office he was under no disability
whatever. He merely held right along since
this disability supervened, and it is desirable
for the interests of the community and the
State that this disability should be removed
from a gentleman whom the Senator from West
Virginia declares to be a gentleman of high
standing and character, and who has presented
an application here announcing his willingness
to acquiesce in and support the existing order
of things.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not take up time
about it; but I think the Senate should have
something more than a statement such as this
to induce them to strike a name out of the
bill.
Mr. TIPTON. I desire to say in regard to
this question that I, too, have been approached
by gentlemen in whose honor and integrity I
confide, and they have brought me to the con-
clusion that this party is not entitled to this
gratuity at the hands of the Congress or the
Government of the United States. The hon-
orable Senator from Illinois seems to predicate
much of his argument on the fact that written
applications come here from the parties them-
selves. Now, Mr. President, if parties should
come here without written applications of their
own, but indorsed and presented because in
their profession they have shown a repentant
spirit, I would in that case, perhaps, vote for
the removal of their disabilities. But for a
man who raised his hand against the Govern-
ment of the United States to present an appli-
cation in his own writing at this early day
for the removal of his disabilities, it is a crime
in him until his* probation has satisfied his
loyal neighbors to ask any such privilege at
the hands of the Government of the United
States. His loyal neighbors may sneer at him,
but his loyal neighbors shall not be sneered at
with impunity in the Senate of the United States.
To whom shall I go but to the Grant and
Colfax clubs of Virginia and of the whole
country for information in regard to the re-
moval of the disabilities of men who have been
in the rebellion ? We went to the Grant and
Colfax men—I mean the loyal men of those
States—for aid and comfort during the rebel-
lion and it is natural that we should go to
thein now. I do go to the Grant and Colfax
men, not because that is the name of their organi-
zation, but because they represent the loyal
element of the country from which they write.
I say again that where a man is a repentant
rebel he will not ask so early any participation
in the active labors of supporting Government
in the United States. Find me a rebel who
has repented and he says himself, " My crimes
have been of such a magnitude that it is not
right and proper that 1 should force myself
upon the men who have had to spend their
money and their blood to subjugate me, and
therefore I will as an honest man show by my
works and by submission to the Constitution
and by submission to the law that I have re-
pented." I say when a man writes his own
petition and presents it here, with me it is
prima facie evidence that he is yet a rebel and
a scoundrel, and has no claim to the clem-
ency of my Government, that Government that
poured out the blood of its loyal people to sus-
tain our institutions. There maybe possibly
one honest man out ofahundred among them.
Let him bide his time. Let him wait, as his
fathers waited and showed their patriotism.
Let him wait as his neighhors have waited and
shown their devotion to the country before he
comes here and himself comes to the conclu-
sion that he par excellence is worthy to receive
the clem cy of the men whogavetheir brothers
and their sons and their fathers to subjugate
him in the days of his infamous treachery.
His own petition, forsooth! That isthe greatest
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 108.
crime of all. Let him stand until his neighbors
bring him here and until they forgive him,
and then I will forgive him, and not before.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to protract
this debate; but I really feel it my duty to say
one word in behalf of the Grant and Colfax
Club of Richmond, Virginia. I understood
the letter which was read oil this occasion not
asconclusive andabsolutely infallible evidence,
as the Seuator from Illinois seems to have
treated it, but as some evidence to show the
impropriety of removing disabilities from this
Mr. Rogers. I take itthat the honorable Sena-
tor from Illinois will not deny that even the
Grant and Colfax Club of Richmond, Virginia,
possess the right of making representations
and presenting petitions and memorials even
to the Senate of the United States, although
what they say may be deserving of very little
regard on the part of the honorable Senator.
I presented their representation with this view
as evidence, so far as it shall go, to satisfy the
Senate of the impropriety of removing disa-
bilities from Mr. Rogers.
But I do not by any means confine myself to
the statement of the Grant and Colfax Club as
to the character of Mr. Rogers. I have informa-
tion from other sources in regard to that gen-
tleman—sources from which t learn that he is
an unfit person to reccive this favor which he
now asks at our hands. He has been all along,
I have been informed, a bitter rebel in act and
in heart, and that the sole motive which now
prompts him to ask to have his disability
removed is his desire to hold the office of which
he is in possession.
Mr. CONNESS. And wrongfully in posses-
sion.
Mr. HOWARD. And wrongfully and un-
constitutionally in possession, as the Senator
from Illinois very well knows, because the Sen-
ator cannot have forgotten that long since the
people of the United States latified the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution, which
excludes from the right of holding office just
such men as this Asa Rogers appears to be. Of
course he is under the disability created by that
amendment 5 otherwise his name would not be
in this bill. That is conceded.
Now, sir, if that is his sole motive, as appears
to be the case, if he merely wishes to continue
in the possession of the office which he thus
illegally holds, I think it exhibits on his part
some want of modesty, not to say of patriotism
and fidelity to the country ; and I cannot vote
for any man who is actuated by any such mo-
tive as seems to actuate Mr. Rogers.
There are other names in this bill to which I
shall object, and I hope my objection will be
sustained by my honorable friend from Illinois.
I shall object to the removal of the disabilities
of Matthew Harrison and Andrew Jackson
Bradfield, of Loudoun county, Virginia; W. R.
Millan, of Fairfax; and John J. Chew, of
Spottsylvania county, and various others con-
tained in the amendment of the committee;
and at the proper time I shall move to expunge
their names from the record for thesamereason.
Mr. CONKLING. I desire to say a word
about this matter, and I feel bound to say it
because I am in some sort responsible for the
presence of this name which it is proposed to
strike out. The objections which I hear as-
signed, particularly by the honoiable Senator
from Michigan, seem to me rather applicable
to bills of this sort and to the generality of
names which they have contained and to the
mode of proceeding in regard to them than to
the particular name at which they are aimed.
I have never been in committee or in the Sen-
ate one of those filled with the most alacrity
on this subject. On the contrary I have thought
there ought to be some established mode of
investigating applications of this sort; that
there should be restrictions provided and some
mode of sifting all applications, to the end that
it need not be so hap-hazard as it must be in
spite of all personal effort to investigate it.
Therefore I have a good deal of sympathy with
the suggestion which I hear made now as
applicable to Mr. Rogers.
I differ, however, with the Senator from Ne-
braska in supposing-that the application by the
man himself, with a frank statement on paper
of his wish to have his disabilities removed and
his willingness to stand to and abide by the
terms which Congress have seen fit to impose,
warrants his being characterized as a scoundrel,
as i understood the Senator to suggest.
Mr. WILSON. That is the best evidence
we can have of his integrity.
Mr. CONKLING. As the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts suggests to me and
as I have always thought it is one of the best
evidences we can have of his fitness to be re-
lieved and of his willingness to abide by the
terms we have required, and especially as in the
case of this man when the application comes
from a man high in tone and high in character
as I understand Mr. Rogers to be. If the per-
son in question were, aside from his applica-
tion, a scoundrel; if he were known to the
Senate to be a man whose veracity was enti-
tled to no respect then very likely such an
application as this ought to be treated as of no
weight. This man, however, for reasons which
actuated me in proposing his name, is not I
think of that character. I have taken some
pains to investigate the case of Mr. Rogers. I
hear, as has been stated by the Senator from
West Virginia, that he is a man of high char-
acter, a man of probity and respectability, aside
from his political opinions; and I hear further
from informants respected, I think if I should
mention them by the entire Senate, that Mr.
Rogers is, especially by comparison with many
others who have been relieved, a man fit to be
the recipient of this clemency.
Now, Mr. President, if we are to retreat
from our position, if we are to cease to remove
disabilities altogether in the manner which has
heretofore been observed, so be it; but if not,
and if the other names included in the pend-
ing bill are to pass with or without objection,
I insist upon it, upon the facts as I understand
them, that it would be an arbitrary and unwise
discrimination, one to be regretted, if we should
strike out Asa Rogers. We are told he took
office. I understand he took it when there was
no disability in his way in that regard, and I
understand that on his part there is in rather
a remarkable degree an absence of those things
which in other cases have constituted an objec-
tion. Therefore I hope that his name will not
be stricken out unless on the adoption of a
policy which is to go to the root of the whole
matter and say that nobody shall be relieved
hereafter until we have established particular
modes of proceeding to ascertain the propriety
of that action.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I trust that
this name will not be stricken out, not because
I know anything specially about Mr. Rogers
except so far as has been stated on the floor
of the Senate, but because of the general prin-
ciple. I believe in all cases of doubt we should
be in favor of that man who personally applies
to have his disabilities removed. It seems to
be assumed by certain Senators that the only
proper parties from whom disabilities should
be removed are those whom the Republicans in
their neighborhood indicate as proper for such
relief. I do not hold this opinion. On the
other hand I believe it to be radically wrong
and greatly impolitic. I believe that this idea
that we shall hold the disabilities which are
imposed by the fourteenth amendment over
the respectable men of the South foran indefinite
period to be a wrong idea, one calculated to do
us mischief there, one which has done os mis-
chief in the past; and that wherever any man
of hitherto good character who is under disa-
bility comes forward and asks the Congressof
the United States to relieve him from his dis-
abilities the Government is stronger for doing
it instead of weaker. Where any man has been
complicated with rebellion to the Government
since its reestablishmentin 1865, where he has
been privy or accessory to the acts of violence
and outrage which have taken place in those
States. I will be as slow as any other person to
relieve his disabilities; but where he shows
