1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1115
clerks their per diem, salary from September 22 to
November 11,1868.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, returning, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 27th ultimo,
the resolution of the Senate of the 26th ultimo
calling for a statement of internal revenue
stamps issued by the Government since July
1, 1862 ; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a message from the Pres-
ident of the United States, communicating cor-
respondence concerning a decree made by the
United States chargg d'affaires in China on
1st of June last, prohibiting steamers sailing
under the flag of the United States from using
or passing through the Straw Shoe channel on
the Yangtze river; which was ordered to lie
on the table and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, recommending
an appropriation of $929 50 to enable him to
pay for the rent of rooms used for the execu-
tive work of the Pension Office outside of the
Interior Department; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 2014) in relation to
bridges over the Ohio river was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The jointresolution (H. R. No. 470) in refer-
ence to the proper completion of the Pacific
railroads and branches was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroads.
army appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour
fixed for the special order of the day—half
past twelve o'clock—having arrived, the bill
(H. R. No. 1803) mating appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1870, is before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole ; and the pending question
is on an amendment offered by the Senator
from Rhode Island, [Mr. Sprague,] to add to
the bill a new section, which will be read.
The proposed section was read, as follows:
And le it further enacted, That the public domain
within the jurisdiction of the United States other
than that guarantied by treaty to Indian tribes or
otherwise heretofore granted by law be, and it is
hereby, declared the sole property of the United
States, and all occupants thereof are hereby declared
subject to the laws of the United States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not see on
a slight examination of that amendment that
it really changes the principle of law applicable
to the public domain. It simply declares our
sole right to the public domain. I believe the
general policy of law is that the Government
of the United States is supreme over all its
territories. At the same time we have recog-
nized a qualified possessory right in the Indian
tribes. I do not understand that this declara-
tion presented by the Senator from Rhode
Island changes the general principle of Ameri-
can law ; but there is one other point where
perhaps it makes a change in our policy, and
that is it subjects all the occupants of the pub-
lie domain—having reference chiefly I suppose
to the Indian tribes—to the jurisdiction of the
United States. In that single particular per-
haps I think it does change the principles of
our law, or at any rate our policy heretofore.
I suppose that may be the object of the Sena-
tor. I do not know, if any declaration so gen-
eral in its character is proper to be put upon
an appropriation bill, that this is particularly
objectionable. Certainly in my view of it that
it runs exactly in harmony with the law to a
certain extent, I should not object to that^art
of it; nor do I know exactly that it is objec-
tionable to subject all the occupants of the
public domain to the civil and political juris-
diction of the Government of the United States.
Mr. WILLIAMS. " I should like to hear an
explanation of the amendment I am not
quite able to understand its meaning and effect,
and I should be glad to hear the Senator who
offers it explain it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Examiningthe bill under
consideration by the Senate, I notice $8,000,-
000 and §15,000,000 devoted to the transporta-
tion of troops and incidental expenses con-
nected with the movements of the Army, or
Army occupation and operations, and I have
noticed from time to time constant-negotiations
with Indian tribes by which public lands said
to belong to the United States go into the
possession of railroad companies or into the
possession it may be of the United States.
The object of this amendment is simply to de-
clare that all property not now under treaty
stipulation and not heretofore granted to In-
dian tribes, or having heretofore been obtained
from Indian tribes and granted to railroad
companies and others, shall belong and be
understood to be the property of the United
States with this in view: that hereafter there
shall be no treaties with Indian tribes for lands
except those tribes with whom we now have
treaty arrangements. If we can get lands from
those we have heretofore made treaties with
by which we have guarantied full possession
of the lands to them, that may be a legitimate
practice and it may be a legitimate object of
negotiation; but I desire that hereafter the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs or the Secre-
tary of the Interior shall not buy from Indians
land throughout this western continent. I do
not wish our officers to go to hunting out wild
Indian tribes or their chiefs or head men and
negotiating and paying the money of the peo-
ple of the United States to them for lands
when we have,.as in this bill, paid for them
through the operations of the Army. It is
intended to do away with these treaties, and
in my judgment it is a wise provision. It in-
terferes with nobody's rights and privileges,
and will prevent the injurious influences that
flow out of our Indian operations.
Mr. GRIMES. The effect of this amend-
ment as described by the Senator who offered
it is much more extensive in its scope than I
supposed it was from a casual reading of it.
It is neither more nor less, according to his
statement, than an attempt to change the whole
policy of the Government on the subject of
Indian affairs and its future transactions with
the Indians by a simple amendment on an
Army appropriation bill—an amendment not
proceeding from the Indian Committee or from
any committee, so far as I know. It may be
wise to do this : but I suggest that it is hardly
wise for us to do it on a bill of this kind and
at this time ; the inevitable result of it will be
to lose the bill entirely.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think the amendment
is objectionable in its present form because it
proposes to extend the laws of the United
States over all the Indian tribes in the country
and make the individual Indians belonging to
tribes subject to the laws of the United States.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Only the wild Indians ;
it does not apply to lands now occupied by
Indian tribes with whc-m the United States are
in treaty relations.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand that the
effect of this amendment would be to extend
the laws of the United States to the Indians
upon all the public lands of the United States,
and it seems to me that the effect will be to
interfere with the tribal organizations of these
Indians. Heretofore where there is a tribe of
Indians organized, wild Indians upon the pub-
lic lands, the settlement of all questions and
difficulties that arise among that tribe is left to
the authorities of the tribe, and the United
States does not attempt to interfere in the set-
tlement or adjustment of those difficulties.
Suppose, to illustrate, that one Indian kills
another where there is a tribe of Indians organ-
ized according to their usages and practices
upon some part of the public domain. Will not
this amendment make it necessary that the
United States shall prosecute the Indian #bo
has killed the other in the courts of the coun-
try, and so undertake to interfere with the gov-
ernment of these respective tribes, and will it
not devolve upon the Government of the Uni-
ted States a very great amount of trouble and
expense which the Government would not other-
wise incur? I do not know that I have any
particular objection to the amendment as far
as the words "property of the United States"
are concerned, and Imovetoamendthe amend-
ment by striking out ''and all occupants thereon
are hereby declared subject to the laws of the
United States;" so that if amended in that way
it will read:
That tho public domain within the jurisdiction
of the "United States, other than that guarantied by
treaty to Indian tribes or otherwise heretofore
granted by law, be, and it is hereby, declared the
sole property of the United States,
I should be apprehensive that unless this
amendment that I propose is adopted itwould
lead the Government into inextricable difficulty
with the different tribes that are found in vari-
ous parts of the country.
Mr. SPRAGUE, I have no objection to
that amendment prevailing. The words which
the Senator from Oregon moves to strike out
were put on at the suggestion of a prominent
member of the Indian Committee of the Sen-
ate. I do not think they are necessary,, and
I agree to the modification.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
rot in the chair.) The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island will be reported as
modified.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
modified, as follows:
And be it further enacted. That the public domain
within the jurisdiction of the United States other
than that granted by treaty to Indian tribes other-
wise heretofore granted by law be, and it is hereby
declared, the sole property of the United States-
Mr. HOWARD.' I suppose that to "be the
case already. The public domain of the Uni-
ted States is the public domain of the United
States; and I should really like to understand
from some gentleman familiar with that very
recondite principle of law what the meaning
of this amendment is. I should like to un-
derstand from the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs what it means. I do not
see the necessity of incorporating such a truism
as that into a statute.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not understand that
this amendment originates with the Committee
on Indian Affairs; it comes from the Senator
from Rhode Island, who is not a member of
that committee.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg pardon of the com-
mittee, then.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It is not in the mere words
of the amendment that I desire to impress my
conviction of its importance upon the Senate,
but it is to assert that the public lands of the
United States belong not to two or three hun-
dred thousand wild Indians, who are now rec-
ognized as holding this property,and with whom
the time of the Senate is occupied night after
night and day after day in considering treaties
for their lands. What is the nature of a treaty
with an Indian tribe except it is to obtain from
them lands? A large portion of this appropri-
ation bill is devoted to appropriations for the
movement ofyour armies,by which and through
which these treaties are made for these lands.
When an individual expends money h© expects
something in return ; and so it should be with
the nation. But, sir, I have very little hope
of succeeding with any provision calculated to
protect the public property of the United States
and prevent its going into the- possession of
companies and corporations, arid tlion those
concerns being consolidated .into great pow-
ers, as seems to be the course of tiiihgs now
in this country. There is a great tendency to
monopolies, commencing, it may be, with the
lands of the'United States, and going through
every kn^wn-occupation and operation of the
people. I have very little hope that it can be
stopped by law, but 'it' 'is my design by this
amendment to assert that this land, which we
have heretofore been engaged in purchasing
after'conquering, 'shall, by the provisions of
