1668.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
U
Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morreli, Mullins, Myers,
Newsham. Norris. O'Neill. Orth, Paine, Perham,
Peters, Pettis, Pike, Plants, Poland, Polsley,
Pomeroy, Price, Robertson, Schcnck, Seofield,
Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Stewart,
Stokes, Stover, Sypher, Taffe. Thomas, Tift, John
Trimble, Twiehell, Upson, Van Aernam, Videl,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Eiihu B. Washbume,
Henry D.Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Wbittemore, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,
and Windom—125.
NOT VOTING--Messrs. Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
Bailey, Barnum, Benton, Blackburn, Boles, Bowen,
Bromwell, Brooks, Buckland, Buckley, Clift, Cornell,
Covode, Deweese, Dockery, Dodge, Driggs, Garfield,
Getz, Golladay, Griswold, Grover, Haight, Halsey,
Hamilton, Harding, Hawkins, Holman, Asahel W.
Hubbard, EichardD. Hubbard, Humphrey, Johnson,
Kellogg, William Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge,
Morrissey, Newcomb, Nicholson, Nunn, Pierce, Pile,
Trince, Pruyn, Raum, Roots, Sawyer, Selye, Shella-
barger, Sitgreaves, Stevens, Stone, Taylor, Trow-
bridge, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn . Van
Wyck, Ward, Thomas Williams, William Williams,
John T. Wilson, and Woodbridge—63.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the demand
for the previous question for the purpose of
saying that as one bill on the same subject has
gone to the Committee on Revision of Laws
of the United States, and as I understand from
the chairman of that committee they are anx-
ious to dispose of this subject at an early day
if referred to them, I will modify the reso-
lution so as to refer it to the Committee on
Revision of Laws of the United States. I now
renew the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution, as modified, was
adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK .moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
regulation OF brevets.
Mr. SCHENCK also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1471) to further regulate brevets in the
Army j which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
election in virginia.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1472) to provide for an election in Vir-
ginia ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion.
sale of surplus gold.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, submitted the
following resolution; on which he demanded
the previous question:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
bediiected to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding bv law that it shall be the duty of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to sell from time to time the
surplus gold in the Treasury not reqaiied for paying
the intereston the public debt, and to apply the pro-
ceeds, with any surplus money in the Treasury, m
liquidation of portions of the public debt in such
manner as may be authorized by law.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered j and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
resumption of spiscie payments.
Mr. SPALDING submitted the following
resolution; on which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
Resolved, That the Committee of Wavsand Moans
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding bylaw for the speedy resumption of specie
payments bv the Government of the United States;
and that said committee be requested toroport.on
this subject at as early a day in tho present session
at may be practicable.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted j and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALEXANDER M CONNELL.
Mr. SPALDING also introduced a bill (H-
R. No. 1473) for the relief of Alexander Mc-
Connell; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
civil-tenure law.
Mr. CARY submitted the following resolu
tion; on which he demanded the previous ques-
tion :
Whereas the symmetry and strength of our repub-
lican form of government consist in its wise distribu-
tion of powers between the executive, judicial, and
legislative departments; and whereas the Thirty-
Ninth Congress by the enactment of the " law regu-
lating the tenure of certain civil offices" transcended
the limits of its jurisdiction by taking from the Presi-
dent one of his most essential prerogatives and mak-
ing him a mere recording secretary of the Senate;
and whereas infringements upon the constitutional
rights of the Chief Magistrate ought not to be con-
tinued;
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
That the act regulating the tenure of certain civil
offices, passed March 2, 1867, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is an important
subject; and I think we should consider it a
little; and I therefore move that it be laid on
the table in order that we may be enabled to
do so.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was lai'd on the
table j and also moved that the motiou to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
naturalization laws again.
Mr. McKEE submitted the following reso-
lution; on which he demanded the previous
question:
Whereas experience has demonstrated that the
naturalization laws of the United States are not such
as to advance and promote the best interests of the
nation; and whereas whatever may have been ne-
cessary in the early days of the Republic, in the way
of strict naturalization laws and stringent rules
and regulations for the admission of aliens to citizen-
ship of the United States, and for long periods of
residence previous to such admission, such necessity
now no longer exists; and whereas the best inter-
ests of the country and our whole peoplo.demand
that the avenues to citizenship bo made plaiu, short,
and simple, to the end that, by a liberal policy, wo
encourage and invite men of culture, of industry,
and enterprise to our land, encourage migration ot
foreign-born persons, and thereby more rapidJy in-
crease, build up, and develop the vast resources of
our country: Therefore, .
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of reporting
a bill repealing all the existing naturalization laws,
and providing that in futurenatura-lization shall only
be made in United States courts, upon the oath or
affirmation alone of the alien desiring to becomc a
citizen, without any previous period of residence
being required; and that such persons upon taking
an oath to support the Constitution of the United
States and the laws made in pursuance thereof, and
renouncing all allegiance to anyforeign Power,shall
have a certificate of citizenship issued to him by the
clerk of said court, and said person shall thereafter
be entitled to all tho rights and privileges of citizens
of the United States, and of the several States m
which they may reside, as defined by the Constitution
of the United States and the constitutions of the States
in which they may reside.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the gentleman
will modify his resolution so as to refer it to the
Committee on Revision of Laws of the United
States.
Mr. McKEE. I agree to that modification.
Mr. ROBINSON. I suggest that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Some time ago I offered a bill, which has been
printed, on which this whole subject will come
*Mr. McKEE. I do not accept that modifi-
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution, as modified, was
adopted.
Mr. McKEE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. McKEE also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1474) to establish a uniform rule of nat-
uralization; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Revision
of Laws of the United States, and ordered to
be printed. ' . -
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask to have the bill read.
The SPEAKER. The bill has already been
referred. Is there objection to its being read ?
Several members objected,
Mr, McKEE. I desire to offer another reso-
lution. - ;
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. ROSS objected. _ .
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider tfee
votes by which the various bills and resolutions
had been referred; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRESIDENT S MESSAGE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The joint
committee of both Houses, appointed to wait
on the President of the United States and
inform him that a quorum of the two Houses
has assembled, have attended to that duty, arid
ask leave to report that the President will com-
municate to Congress on Wednesday next, in
writing, at one o'clock.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. BROOKS. I was absent when the vote
was taken on the subject of the naturalization
laws. I desire to have my vote recorded in
the affirmative on the motion to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done in
the morning hour of Monday.
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
Mr. STOKES introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 366) proposing an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to have it
reported in full.
The joint resolution was read in full. It
proposes to submit to the Legislatures of the
several States the following amendment to the
Constitution of the United States :
Ahticlb XV.
Sec. 1. No Stats shall make ov enforce any law
which shall deprive any citizen of the right of the
elective franchise on account of race or color.
The joint resolution was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MAYNARD introduced a joint resolu-
tion on the same subject, (H. li. No. 367,) pro-
posing an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the same committee,
and ordered to be printed.
UNIFORM CURRENCY.
Mr. MAYNARD also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1475) to give uniformity to the cur-
rency ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
RELIEF I'ROM DISABILITIES.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hold in my hand abill
for the relief of people from disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion, upon which I would like, some time in
the course of the day, to make a statement of
facts, and I am just as ready now as I shall be
at any time.
The SPEAKER. It must be referred if now
offered.
Mr. MAYNARD. Suppose I offer it at a
future time, and move to suspend the rules ?
The SPEAKER. That may be in order
after the morning hour.
Mr. MULLINS introduced a joint resolution
(H. li. No. 868) requiring all applicants for
pardon or relief from certain disabilities to
give ninety days1 notice previous to their appli-
cation to Congress; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Reconstruction.
ku-klux elans.
Mr. MULLINS also offered the following
resolution; which was read, considered, ana
agreed to:
Besolved, That the Judiciary Committee be, ana
are hereby, instructed to investigate and report w>
