12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
tills House the propriety of the passage of an act to
suppress by national authority any and all combina-
tions of persons who belong to or are in collusion with
any secret league, or wicked and common enemies to
the peace and good order of society, known and
designated by the name of Ku-Klux Klart, or by
whatever name the said marauders or common ene-
mies of peaco and order may be known or designated;
and that said combination of persons be declared
outlaws and common enemies to good order and civil
government, and upon conviction thereof before any
court of competent jurisdiction, that the property of
such persons be confiscated to the use of the United
State?, and that the persons thus convicted, be
declared infamous, andincompetentto hold any office
within the limits of the United States.
bookkeeper 01? the house.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired. The Chair lays before the House
the following communication:
Ckandlerville, Cass County, Illinois,
November 20,1808.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives:
Permit mo through you respectfully to resign my
position as Doorkeeper of the House of Representa-
tives, to take effect on the day of the meeting of
Congress.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
C. E. L1PPINC0TT.
Mr. KELSEY. I offer the following reso-
lution as a privileged resolution, and demand
the previous question :
Resolved, That this House now proceed to the elec-
tion of a Doorkeeper in place of Charles E. Lippin-
cott, resigned.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. MULLLNS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on. the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. If nominations are now in
order Innominate Otis S. Buxton, ofNew York,
the present assistant doorkeeper, as candidate
for Doorkeeper.
Mr. HILL. I nominate General Edward
Jardine, of New Jersey.
Mr. WniTTEMOHE. I nominate W. T.
Collius, of Minnesota.
Mr. RANDALL. I nominate Owen Thorn,
of the District of Columbia.
The Speaker appointed as tellers to count
the votes Messrs. Kelsey, Hill, Whittemore,
and Randall,
The House proceeded to vote viva voce for
Doorkeeper, with the following result, which
was announced by Mr. Kelsey on behalf of the
tellers: whole number of votes cast, 157 ;
necessary to a choice, 79; of which—
Mr. Buxton received 141
Mr. Collins  14
General Jardine  2
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Buxton—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames,
Archer, Amcll, James AI. Ashley, Axtoll, Baker,
Baldwin, Banks, Barnes, Beaman, Beck, Benjamin,
Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boutweli, Boyden, Boyor,
Brooks, Broomall,Buckland, Burr, Roderick R. But-
ler, Cary, Chanler,Churchill. Reader W.Clarke, Sid-
ney Clarke, Coburn, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Dawes,
Delano, Dickey, Dixon, flriggs. Eckley, Edwards,
Eggleston, Ela, JSldridge, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Ferry, Fields, Jfox, Garfield, Glossbrenner, Goss,
Gravely, Higby, Ilooper, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, Hulourd, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alex-
ander H. Jones, Thomas L, Jones, Oudd, Julian,
Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsuy, Kerr, Keteham, Kitchen,
Knott, Koontz, Laflin, George V.Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Lincoln, Louehridge, Lynch, Mallory,
Marshall, Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy, McCormick,
McOuilougb, McK.ee, Mercur. Miller, Morrell, Mul-
Jins, Mungcn, Myers, Niblack, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Perhaui, Peters, Pettis, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Poland,
Polslcy, Pomeroy, Pi ice, Prince, Randall. Robert-
son, Robinson,Ross, Scofield, Smith, Spalding, Stew-
art, Stokes, Stover, Svpher, Tabor, Thomas, John
Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble,Tivieheli,Upson, Van
Aernam, Van Auken, Van Trump, Cadwalader C.
"Washburn, Elihu B. Wa^hburne, Henry 0. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Welker, William Wil-
liams. James3?. Wilson,Stephen F. Wilson, Wiudom,
Wood, Woodwmd, and Young—141.
For Mr. Collins — Messrs. Beatiy, Bowen, Cake,
Oallib, Cobb, Corley, Donnelly, Fieuch, Haughey,
Hunter. Norris, LShanks, Taffc, and Whittcmore—14.
For General Jardine—Messrs. IXill and Moore—2.
During the vote Air. Randall withdrew the
name of Mr. Thorn.
The SPEAKER announced that Otis S. Bux-
ton, of New York, having received a majority
of the votes cast, was duly elected to fill the
vacancy occasioned by the resignation of
Charles E. Lippincott as Doorkeeper of the
Fortieth Congress.
Mr. Buxton then appeared, and was qualified
by taking the oath prescribed by law.
new mexico contested election.
The SPEAKER laid before the House papers
in the contested-election case from New Mex-
ico, Chaves vs. Clever; which were referred to
the Committee of Elections.
missouri contested election.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
papers in the contested-election case of Switzler
vs. Anderson ; which were referred-to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
sartne pass a port or entry.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
resolutions of the constitutional convention of
Texas, requesting Congress to make Sabine
Pass a port of entry; which were referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
condition of texas.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
resolutions of the constitutional convention of
Texas, requesting the Congress of the United
Stales to appoint a committee to inquire into
the condition of that State; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
enforcement of laws in georgia.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Governor of the
State of Georgia, relative to the inability of
the legal State government of that State to
carry out the laws of Congress; which was
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
laws os dakota.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the laws of the Territory of Dakota; which
were referred to the Committee on the Terri-
tories.
duty on copper.
The SPEAKER. The next business in
order is the consideration of House bill No.
1460, Regulating the duties on imported cop-
per and copper ores, being the unfinished
business at the adjournment of the House in
July last. The previous question having been
seconded and the main question ordered, the
question is now upon the passage of the bill,
upon which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] is entitled to the floor for one hour,
he having reported the bill from the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. PHELPS. As this bill embraces a sub-
ject-matter taken out of the general tax bill, I
would ask the gentleman from Ohio if he is
not willing to allow it to go into the general
bill, which I understand will be brought for-
ward hereafter?
Mr. SCHENCK. The Committee of Ways
and Means will meet to-morrow morning and
consider this and other subjects. I do not pro-
pose to speak upon it now, but will move an
adjournment after gentlemen have submitted
such bills and resolutions as they may desire
to have referred at this time.
overland mail contracts.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Postmaster General be directed
to communicate to this House a copy of any contract
or agreement he may have made with Wells, Fargo
& Co. for carrying the mails between the termini
of the Union Pacific and the Central Pacific railroads,
at the rate of 81,750,000 per annum, together with all
correspondence on that subject in the Department;
and also all th&. correspondence, proposed agree-
ments, or contracts in the Department in regard to
the carrying ot said mails; and further, all informa-
tion in the Department and all the complaints made
in regard to the manner in which said Wells, Fargo
& Co. hare performed the said mail service.
niagara ship-canal.
Mr. JUDD. I ask unanimous consent for
the consideration and adoption by the House
at this time of the following resolution :
Resolved, That the bill providing for the construc-
tion of aship-oan&l around the falls of Niagara, now
in the Committee of the "Whole, be postponed until
the 15th December instant, and made the special
order immediately after the morning hour of that day.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 object.
Mr. JUDD. Then I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of offering this resolution
for consideration at this time.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules cannot be entertained, because the
House is now acting under the operation of
the previous question, ordered in July last,
upon the bill in relation to the duty on copper
and copper ores. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenok] is entitled to the floor on that
bill, but the Ohair understands that he yields
the floor now for the introduction of such
matters as may give rise to no debate.
recognition of crete.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a joint resolution, which I ask may-
be read at length, and ordered to be printed in
full in the Globe.
No objection being made, the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. SOD) declaring it to be the
duty of the United States Government to ac-
knowledge the provisional governmentof Crete
as an independent political State, and to treat
with it as such, was received, and read a first
and second time.
The preamble and joint resolution were read
at length, as follows:
Whereasthe American people have on manyocca.-
jsions expressed and at all times feel a sympathy with,
the progress of liberty and Christian civilization
among the people of the East; and whereas the
people of Crete have successfully sustained their
independence, having organized and maintained a
provisional government, which, encouraged by and
consequent upon the support given to the cause of
Crete by the Am eriean people, has accredited a diplo-
matic agent in the United States: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of Americu in Congress us~
sembled. That it is the duty of the Government of tb e
United States to acknowledge the existence of the
provisional government of Crete as an independent
political State, and to treat with it as such.
Mr. SHANKS. I move that the preamble
and joint resolution be referred to the Commit- .
tee on Foreign Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
harbor improvements in michigan.
Mr. FERRY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1476) making appro-
priations for certain harbors in the State of
Michigan ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
redemption of legal-tender notes.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1477) to prohibit
the sale of coin on behalf of the United States,
and to provide for the redemption of the Uni-
ted States legal-tender notes in coin at par;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
de witt c. senter.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a bill for action at the pres-
ent time, to relieve De Witt C. Senter, of
Tennessee, from disability.
Mr. BROOKS. Let that bill go to'the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
Mr. MAYNARD. I can explain the bill in
a moment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not yield for the
purpose of having any matter introduced which
will give rise to any discussion,
Mr. MAYNARD. Very well; let it be
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction,
with leave to report at any time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The committee have
that right now.
The bill (H. R. No. 1478) was received,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on ^Reconstruction.
