1869.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
965
made by the gentleman is an unfair state-
ment,
Mr. PRICE. If my lime were extended I
would gladly yield to the gentleman, that he
might correct any statement that he deems un-
fair. I say that more than five hundred and
fifty thousand dollars has been struck out in
drawing these appropriations, and more than
two hundred and ninety thousand dollars of
the amount struck out was for "officers' quar-
ters" and a " dark prison."
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. Stevess obtained the floor.
Mr. FAIiNS \YOUTH. I ask the gentleman
from New Hampshire [Mr. Stevens] to let
me correct a statement of the gentleman from
Iowa. [Mr. Price.]
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farxsworth] must pardon me for
■declining to yield when I have but five minutes.
I move to amend the amendment. Mr.
Chairman. I think we have arrived at a point in
the consideration of this bill where this House
can show the country whether we mean to
stand by the declaration which we have made
in favor of an economical administration of
the Government. Here is a plain proposition
before the House to appropriate $1,000,000
for an arsenal and armory at Rock Island, Illi-
nois. Now, shall we expend $1,000,000 on a
single work of this character, being one of the
twenty-seven arsenals which now exist in the
country ? It is claimed by the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr, Logan] and the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] that this is neces-
sary, in ord'er that arms may be stored there.
They seem to forget that we have in this coun-
try twenty-seven arsenals, including this one
at Bock Island, where arms can be stored, and
where they can be manufactured, too ; where
arms enough can be stored to arm every man
in this country of military age. Yet we are
asked to appropriate $1,000,000 for this Rock
Island arsenal. There is a provision attached
to the appropriation that half of the amount
appropriated is to be expended in the construc-
tion of a bridge. Do gentlemen mean to do this
as a work of internal improvement? If they
think that this bridge is an obstruction to the
navigation of the river, why do they not tack
this on to an internal improvement bill? Why
not put this in a river and harbor bill, where
it would be legitimate, instead of interpolating
it in the general bill appropriating money for
the support of the Army of the United States,
thus apparently swelling the expense of this
branch of the service.
I believe that this appropriation is unneces-
sary and extravagant. I do not believe that
it is necessary that we should expend $90,000
for the erection of a palatial residence for the
commandant of this armory. It is an absurdity
to pretend- any such thing, and it is just as
absurd to say that we ought to expend $80,000
lor the purpose of building a guard-house. I
appeal to every gentleman in the House who
had any military experience during the war,
whether a guard house for a regiment of one
thousand men cannot be built for less than
$1,000. We have done it for less than that
price many times. Why, sir, $30,000 up in
my country would build a first-class peniten-
tiary, and I wonder why they do not propose
to hire or purchase the Illinois penitentiary to
use as a guard-house, instead of building this
new one.
Mr. Cullom and Mr. Logan rose."
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot yield, as I only
have five minutes. Now, 1 am not astonished
at the earnestness of the gentlemen who live
so near this bridge and so near Rock Island :
but I wish them to understand when they come
here asking for an appropriation of $1,000,000
for an object of this character, that it ought
to be and will be carefully scrutinized: and,
so far as I am concerned, strenuously opposed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS. I move to strike out the last
word; and I wish to say. as one member of the
committee who reported this bill, that I dis-
sented, as I do now, to the propriety of making
any such appropriation for the construction of
this arsenal at this time. I do it, sir, upon the
ground that we have not got themoney to give
$1,000,000 for the construction of this arsenal.
It is the interest of $10,000,000, and in order
to pay the interest if we- borrow the money we
shall have to impose additional taxation upon
other sections of the country for the benefit of
the one in which this is located. I have another
ground •of objection, and that is that there is no
great necessity for this appropriation. Gentle-
men may-feel, in view of the importance of this
work to their particular section, that this appro-
priation should be made; but looking at this
matter from a national stand-point and not from
a local one, I ainnot willing as the Represent-
ative of one constituency on this floor to impose
upon them one additional dollar of taxation to
carry out any work of improvement like that
indicated in this provision.
I repeat that there is no necessity for this
arsenal, for, as it has been stated time and again,
there is at present arsenal accommodation suf-
ficient for storing all the arms, large and small,
belonging to the Government. Gentlemen,
however, say that we ought to be prepared for
war. In my judgment the best way to prepare
for war with a foreign Power is to reduce our
expenditures and put ourselves in a condition
to uphold and sustain the national credit. By
so doing we will infuse vigor into every branch
of the Government and secure that respect
abroad which will save us from a foreign war.
For these reasons I am opposed to this appro-
priation.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. There are two
amendments pending to the paragraph under
consideration against which 1 shall urge no
objection. One is that providing for the com-
pletion of the Molina water-power, and the
other proposed by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Welkbr,] prohibiting the money in any
part of this appropriation being used for works
not now commenced. That leaves us with an
appropriation of $500,000 for the construction
of the bridge, and $200,000, I believe, moved
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farxs-
worth,] for the completion of the water-power.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not fix that
amount, but say so much as is necessary.
Mr. WILSON, ot Iowa. Whatever it may
be it has been estimated at $200,000, and
the remainder of the appropriation will com-
plete the present armory building, complete
two shops that are in course of construction,
and supply the necessary machinery for put-
ting that establishment in running order. Now,
sir, that is exactly the proposition we have got
before us. We have gone too far to say that
we will not construct that bridge, and we have
gone too far to say that we will not complete
that water-power ; for in both respects we have
made contracts with the parties interested as
against the Government originally.
Sir, the people of that entire portion of the
Mississippi region, to say nothing about the
interests of those on the lower Mississippi val-
ley, demand the construction of this bridge in
order that we may remove the obstruction of
the navigation now created by the existing
bridge. I know it has been said by the court
that owing to the peculiar legislation under
which that bridge was constructed they cannot
render a decree against it as a nuisance. Yet
every man in that country knows that in point
of fact it is an obstruction to the navigation of
the river, which costs the people along the line
of that stream not less than S300,000a year in
the way of actual damage to boats and rafts,
increased rate of insurance and of freight. So
that in urging this appropriation upon the com-
mittee we are asking not merely the carrying
out ot the contract, but also the removal of an
obstruction from that great highway of com-
merce which this committee ought not to hes-
itate to remove.
A Member. Has not the bridge been put
out by contract?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. No, sir. it has not.
The old bridge is there, and it is not for the
v'Ptif of a contract for constructing the new 1
bridge that the- obstruction- of the river exists,
bat in: that regard we hare made a contract
with the railroad company, and the Govern-
ment regarded it so highly important ,o have
that done speedily that we required the raifajead
company to enter into that con tract, giving se-
curity for performance within Sixty days lifter
the passage of the act. - -
A Member. Do not the people of that r?gion
want the railroad company to abandon it?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The people of that
region do^ not want the railroad company to
abandon it at all. It is the commerce of the
country that demands the improvement. The
people of that State are interested in this im-
provement. If the railroad company can con-
tinue their present bridge they save the cost of
constructing a new one. They are satisfied
with that. But we propose to hold them to
their contract to remove the obstruct!on, for the
benefit of millions of people who are carrying
on the industrial pursuits of that region.
[Here the hammer felhj
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman—
The CHAIRMAN. There is one minute
left before debate is closed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to state thai
I agree with the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Wilsox] that the Government is under obli-
gation to complete this bridge precisely as itis
under obligation to complete the water-power.
I only desire to say that I stand by what I have
said in regard to these estimates of General
Rodman that have been sent here, and I want
to control a sufficient amount of the remainder
of the appropriation to complete the water-
power.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I also agree to that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It was said by the
gentleman from Illinois and the gentleman'from
Iowa [Mr. Prtce] that as the committee had
not followed the estimate in the appropriation
for the Joliet stone therefore we might strike
out that appropriation. Having appropriated
so much in bulk is it not plain to presume that
the man who made the estimate and who is to
go on with the work will apply that material
that is mentioned in the estimate ? Now, it is
to head him off that I made the amendment,
so as to control the appropriation, inasmuch
as the Government has agreed to make the ap-
propriation in the first place.
The CHAIRMAN. The time for which the
debate was limited has expired. The question
is on the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farxswokth] to the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Welker.]
Mr. BLA1NE. I suggest that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois be with-
held until the other is voted upon.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well; I with-
draw it until that is acted upon.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I offer the following as a;
substitute for the amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Welkkr:]
Provided, That there shall be appropriated for the
arsenal and armory and lor the development of the
water-power at Rook Island, Illinois, $125,000.
MESSAGE moil THE SENATE.
At this point the committee rose informally,
and the Speaker having resumed the chair, a
message from the Senate, by Mr. Hajilix, one
of its clerks, announced that the Senate had
passed a resolution relating to the counting of
the electoral votes of the State of Georgia; in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union then resumed the consideration of the
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I shall follow the amend-
ment I have offered by a separate amendment
in relation to the bridge, so that the friends
of the bridge can have a fair and square vote
upon it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Is debate in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point
of order that we must first vote on amend-
ments to perfect the original 'ext. The gen-
