1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9 &t
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
enrolled bill signed.
The committee rose informally ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Hol-
man, from the Committee on Enrolled Bills,
jeported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill of thefollowing
title; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 1460) regulating the
duties on imported copper and copper ores.
army appropriation bill.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union resumed its session.
The Clerk read as follows :
For Augusta arsenal, Augusta, Georgia, $1,000.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move to amend
by inserting after the paragraph just read the
following:
For erecting a brick armory and smith-shop at the
arsenal at.Columbus, Ohio, $15,000.
For grading and draining public grounds at said
arsenal. So,000.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
state that the appropriations proposed in the
amendment just offered are in the estimates,
and were omitted from the bill by a clerical
error. They ought properly to have been in
the bill as reported. Whether the committee
will adopt the amendment is a matter for their
discretion. I make the statement in justice
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shella-
barger.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to make
the additional statement that these appropria-
tions 
Mr. IIOLBROOK. I raise the point of
order that debate is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. These appropria-
tions, amounting together to only $20,000, are
in part for the preservation of the works al-
ready erected, and the residue is for the neces-
sary building for storing the guns manufactured
at the place.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 48, noes 30; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Siiella-
barger and Randall were appointed.
The hour of half-past four o'clock having
anived, the committee rose informally; the
Speaker resumed the chair, and the House,
according to order, took a recess till half-past
seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
army appropriation bill.
The House reassembled, pursuant to order,
at half-past seven o'clock p. in., in Commiltee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Ferry in the chair,) and x-esumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 1803) making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ord.ng June oO, 1870.
The CHAIRMAN staled the pending ques-
tion was on the amendment of Mr. Sheli.abar-
ger, and that at the time of taking the recess
the committee weredividing. The tellers [Mr.
Shellabarger and Mr. Randall] were di-
rected to resume their places.
Mr. BLAINE. I presume there will he no
objection to the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio being considered as adopted.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The Clerk read as follows:
For Augusta arsenal, Augusta, Georgia, SI,000.
Mr. YOUNG. I move to increase that ap-
propriation from $1,000 to $4,000.
Mr. Chairman, 1 hold in my hand the esti-
mates made out by the commanding officer of
that arsenal. He calls for $8,000. There are
no improvements provided for in reference to
this arsenal by my amendment, but the esti-
mates are for the amount absolutely required
for the purpose of repairing the machinery m
order that the work may go on, and without
which it cannot proceed.
Mr. BLAINE. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted.
Mr. YOUNG-. I send up to the Clerk and
ask to be read the estimates of the command-
ant of that arsenal.
The Clerk read as follows:
Augusta Arsenal, Augusta, Georgia
1. For extension and improvement of soldiers bar-
racks  $2,800
2. For repairs of buildings and machinery  400
3. For quarters of married soldiers  3,200
4. For erection of blacksmith's shop  1,600
Total..
$8,000
Iicmarhs,
1. Required to give, sufficient room in the barracks
for the enlisted men, with pioper light and ventila-
tion.
2. To keep these in good order.
3. There are now no quarters for married men at
this arsenal. These men and their families arc occu-
pying temporary wooden bailings at a considerable
distance from barracks, or living off the post.
i. The building now used as a blacksmith'sehop is
a temporary wooden shed. It is an insecure building,
and is located at an inconvenient distance from tho
other shops.
Extract annual estimate of the ordnance depart-
ment.
T. J. TREAD WELL,
Brevet Lieutenant Colonel in charge.
Ordnance Office, February, 1869.
Mr. YOUNG. I am willing to leave out
everything except what is necessary for the
repair of the machinery. I saw the chief of
ordnance this morning, and he told me that
$1,000 would beof little use. There have been
no improvements of any consequence made to
this arsenal since the war. The buildings and
barracks are in a dilapidated condition ; the
machinery is all out of order ; there is no
blacksmith shop ; simply a shed under which
the work must be done. The officers' quarters
need much repair. There are no quarters suit-
able for soldiers with families. I know well,
sir, the officer who commands this arsenal, and
he is one of distinguished merit and integrity,
and I am always ready to vouch for the cor-
rectness of his representations. I repeat, sir,
I am willing to leave out the appropriation he
asks for for the erection of quarters, but I do
insist, sir, that the appropriation be increased,
so as to put in repair all the machinery, in order
that the necessary work may go on. I trust the
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. BLAINE. We have not cut the appro-
priation for this arsenal down in any greater
proportion than we have the estimates lor other
arsenals all over the country. The estimate for
the Benicia arsenal, California, was $105,000,
and that we have cut down to $5,000. We
went upon the ground that we would make no
appropriations for any new improvements, but
would confiue ourselves strictly to what was
absolutely necessary. We have not been invidi-
ous in respect to the arsenal in the district of
the gentleman from Georgia. We have cut
down in a much larger proportion the estimates
for the arsenals at Benicia, California ; Charles-
ton, South Carolina; Augusta, Maine, in my
own district; Bridgesburg, Philadelphia, and at
other points. We have given a much larger
percentage to the arsenal in the gentleman's
district than we have to the arsenal at Califor-
nia, which the gentleman will admit is of far
greater importance. I do not think this appro-
priation ought to be increased.
Mr. MULLINS. T move to strike out the
entire paragraph, so as to cut off all appropri-
ations for this arsenal.
In the first place, Mr. Chairman, I have no
idea in the world that $1,000, which is as much
a-.- is provided for this arsenal, will do any solid
good at all. As it is, with the circumstances
surrounding this arsenal, I conclude it to be
entirely unsafe to spend a single dollar on this
arsenal in Georgia. It was but a few years
back that we expended a considerable amount
of money to erect this arsenal, and we had
scarcely got it in working order and under good
headway when the State of Georgia seceded
and turned the guns of this arsenal against
the United States and sought to destroy the
life of the nation. Now we have captured it
in a dilapidated state, after beiug worn out
and exhausted in body and mind, throwing
its fire, shot, and Shell into us. I think we
ought not to repair it and put it in the hands
of men that are not yet reconstructed iu a
State capacity. I said the other day that
they were standing with one foot iu the grave
and the other on the rock of loyalty to the
national Government. Now they come up
here before they have even got their -swaddling
clothes off that they were'captured in, Woody
and recking, and they want us to make an
appropriation of $1,000, which is looked upon
as being a medium between nothing and what
was wanted. It is unsafe in every sense of
the word. They are not reconstructed. They
have defied the Government; they have looked
you in the face and said "Your reconstruction
law is without, constitutional foundation."
They have run rough shod over us, horse, foot,
and dragoons; they have driven out the men
that were loyal and elected those that suited
their own notions of reconstruction ; and now
they want us to fix up this arsenal and put it
in good condition. I move to strike it out.
Mr. HOLBROOK. I rise to a point of
order. The gentleman is not discussing any
pending amendment nor the bill itself.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. MULLINS. Now, if I knew it would be
to the advantage of these people to spend
money upon this arsenal and put it in a good
condition I would not say a word. But my sol-
emn conviction is that it is a dangerous experi-
ment, and one that cannot result at this time
in the good of these people. I cannot, there-
fore, consent to retain this paragraph as it
stands. Strike it out and leave it where they
attempted to leave us, as blank as the night
after the last day. [Laughter.] Until they
come here dressed and in their right mind we
cannot afford to show them any favor. _ They
are coming forth from the tombs. Wait until
they are delivered of that wild spirit that went
forth from the man and entered the herd of
swine which ran violently down a steep hill
into the sea and were choked in the water. I
do not see that they are choked yet. At any
rate they are not choked enough—they are
not drowned, and it is unsafe to make this
appropriation. This goes into the hands of the
enemy, and nowhere else. It cannot be ex-
pected to be in the hands of our friends. The
unreconstructed people are standing with their
fists doubled shaldngthem in your faces saying
that they will reconstruct themselves as they
choose without regard to you. They attempt
to ignore you altogether. They treat you on
the Kuklux system: they rob you, whip you,
burn you, and finally shoot you if they cannot
get rid of you in any other way. _ Now, I do
not want to give them the materials to shoot
me and other loyal men in this Congress or out
of it. When they come back healed we will
do right by them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Young, it was disagreed to—ayes forty-
one, noes not counted. _
The question recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Mullixs, to strike out the appropria-
tion, it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For Benicia arsenal, Benicia, California, $6,000.
Mr. JOHNSON, i move to strike out
" $5,000" and insert '" $10,000." I have no
desire to discuss the propriety of the amend-
ment I propose any further than to state that
it will require full $10,000 to put the buildings
in repair, so that they may be kept up for the
ensuing year. The buildings at Benicia have
cost the Government millions of dollars, and
there have been no repairs there of any conse-
quence for several years. The houses are
falling into decay, the windows are knocked
out, and they are not in a condition to be ten-
anted. If the committee really think, having
the facts before them, that $5,000 will be suffi-
cient to repair these buildings, I shall acqui-
esce. But I apprehend that they have facts
before them which would justily them iu re-
porting a much larger sum than that for the
