1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1719
has elapsed. Now, when the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts say3 the question
having been passed upon one way may be
determined at another time in another way, he
makes a remark applicable perhaps to almost
everything but a question of order; not appli-
cable to a question of order unless disorder
and chaos is to be the aim of the body. The
Presiding Officer had the right, and chose to
exercise the right, of submitting this question
to the Senate. There I agree with the Senator
from Ohio, because the rule which enabled
him to do this provides :
"The Presiding Officer may call for the sense of
the Senate on any question of order."
That was the "sense" in factandthe "sense''
expressed as I understand it, albeit at the mo-
ment the bill as to which the question arose
resided in Committee of the Whole. Now
what is the meaning of this rule, and what
was the object of the Presiding Officer in sub-
mitting the question ? In order that the Chair
might be advised upon a question cither
doubtful or enlisting so much interest in the
body that he preferred not himself alone to
determine it, he submitted the question to
the body.
No matter now whether the point be well
taken or not by the Senator from Maine, that
you can distinguish between the Senate and
the Committee of the Whole, to the same body
in fact and in substance the Presiding Officer
submitted the question for what? In order
that he might determine the judgment, the
collected judgment of that body upon the ques-
tion of order. Now, sir, suppose he had the
right—physically of course he would have the
rig.ht, but suppose he would have the right
beyond that—to submit it over again, ought
he to do it? Would it be anything less than
frivolous for him to do it? This question of
order was discussed at length the other day
and determined by the same body, no matter
under which name, in which the proposition is
presented again. It was determined in that
way ; and I ask without any disrespect to Sen-
ators is it not frivolous that a Presiding Officer
should refuse to execute the order and judg-
ment of the Senate and should fall back upon
the rule, and say "I will submit this again,
twenty times in a day or in a session if it is
renewed so often?"
I submit that the whole mission of the rule
is to enable the Chair to advise himself of the
construction which the Senate will put on the
rule. Of that opportunity the Chair availed
himself, and it cost a good deal of the time of
this body. The question was answered upon
the yeas and nays. It is presented again, not
only the same question technically, but lite-
rally the same question. Now, while it may be
that the Chair can say, "I choose again, al-
though I have been once advised, to betake
myself to the Senate and to commit this ques-
tion to the decision of the Senate," I humbly
submit that no discreet and firm Presiding
Officer would do any such thing, because he
would know that the rule had been once satis-
fied ; that he had been once emphatically in-
formed of the judgment of the Senate in refer-
ence to the application of that rule to the ease
in hand, and so he would stand to and abide
by that judgment. Therefore I submit the
point, and I ask the present occupant of the
Chair to execute the determination of the
Senate.
Mr. MORTON. It is rather a remarkable
doctrine that a decision of a point of order
last Friday is to be binding on the Senate for
all time. The Senate had a right to reverse
that decision an hour afterward or the next
day or at any time. If that vote had estab-
lished a new general rule which was to be
incorporated in our collection of rules that
would be a different thing ; but it was simply a
decision of a point of order for the time
being, which the Senate might reverse in the
next ten minutes if it thought better of it.
Now, the idea is that the vote on last Friday is
to be binding on the Senate for all time ; for
if it is binding upon us to-day it is binding
upon us at the next session and the following
session.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator to allow me to correct him. I have heard
no such suggestion. My point is that it is the
duty of the Chair, I submit now, to hold the
Senate to its ruling. If the Senator chooses
to appeal from that ruling and the Senate
chooses to reverse it so be it. My point is
that in the first instance it is the discreet and
fair duty of the Chair to enforce the determin-
ation of the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I understood the Senator
to make the argument that the decision was by
the same body in committee as in the Senate,
and that it was binding; but as his argument
now simply goes to the instruction of the Chair
as to what the Chair ought to do in the prem-
ises I do not wish to enter into the contro-
versy between the Chair and the Senator from
New York, and therefore shall say no more
upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. Had the President of the
Senate himself expressed an opinion on this
question of order I can imagine he might
teel personally and officially bound by it; but
he did no such thing. He submitted the ques-
tion to the Senate, and it was then passed upon
by the yeas and nays. Tt is within the recol-
lection of the Senate that there was not a large
attendance ; at least many Senators interested
in this question were, within my knowledge,
absent from their places. Now, what is more
common in the business of the Senate, I would
say almost every day, when a measure has been
hastily acted upon and Senators are out of
their places, than to present it again at a later
stage of the discussion in order to have the
advantage of another decision ? That is all
that it is now proposed to do.
But I understand the Senator from New
York to suggest or to insist that a law was
adopted like that of the Medes and Persians
the other day, irrepealable. It might have
been reconsidered, according to the Senator,
had a motion to reconsider been properly
made within the time in which such motions
may be made ; but according to his argument
the question cannot be submitted at the next
stage of the bill. To that I have to reply
that the rule of the Senate is general and uni-
versal. When a bill reaches the second stage
it is open to amendment precisely as it was in
committee, nor can any proposition which was
in order in committee be otherwise than in
order before the Senate. No vote of the Sen-
ate in committee can tie the hands of the Sen-
ate afterward, when the bill is at the next
stage. But the argument of the Senator from
New York assumes the contrary. He would
tie up the Senate forevermore. He would
limit the powers of the Senate at the second
stage of the biH by the ruling that he would
have always. Sir, I insist that the powers of
the Senate at the second stage are universal.
Let the motion be made, and it is open to
every question, to every privilege, and to every
acceptance that it could enjoy at the first stage ;
and that, I insist, is the case now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy.) This debate is considered as being pro-
ceeded with by unanimous consent.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I cannot entirely
agree with the Senator from New York that it
is not competent and in order now to make the
proposition which has been made; but when
the proposition is made as a matter of course
the Chair will decide it out of order, because
the Chair has taken the sense of the Senate,
not as the Senator from Indiana suggests, that
that vote of the Senate made a new rule of
order; but it was an adjudication that the exist-
ing general rules of order did govern this par-
ticular case, and that under the general rules
the proposition is out of order. Then, if the
friends of the measure desire to do so, they can
appeal from the decision of the Chair, and the
question will be put to the Senate whether the
decision of the Chair sball stand as the sense
of the Senate. The point of order being now
raised, as it has been by the Senator from Ohio,
I respectfully submit that it is the duty of the
Chair, in view of what has transpired and in
accordance with the expressed sense of the
Senate, to declare it out of order. Then let
an appeal be taken if it is desired, and the
question can be decided.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the question of order to be the
one submitted by the Senator from NewYork.
The Chair did not understand the Senator from
Ohio to submit a question of order. The ques-
tion of order submitted by the Senator from
New York is not whether this amendment is
germane to the appropriation bill or not, but
it is precisely this: whether the decision of
the Senate on a question of order while con-
sidering a bill as in Committee of the Whole
is binding upon the Senate when that bill is
being considered in the Senate?
Mr. CONKLING. I beg pardon of the
Chair ; that was not the point.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the
Senator state his point? That is the way the
Chair understood it.
Mr. CONKLING. I raise the point of order
that under the thirtieth rule this amendment
is not in order ; and I remind the Chair that
that has been the construction of the rule by
the Senate in this very case ; or, if there be a
distinction, then by the Committee of the
Whole in this very case. But my point is upon
the rule, and that this amendment is not in
order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the question. The Chair understood
the Senator's point of order to be that the
amendment is not in order to the appropria-
tion bill—the same point of order that was
made when we were in Committee of the Whole.
This debate, it is understood, is proceeded
with by the unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Idonotdesire to debate
it, but simply to add that the Senate decided
that this amendment was not in order under
the rules of the Senate to a bill of this sort, it
being a private claim proposed upon a general
appropriation bill. Now, the argument of the
Senator from New York is, that the Senate
having decided it, the question being now made
to the Chair, the Chair is bound by the ruling
of the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. Until the Senate reverses
it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Until the Senate reverses
if; and it is not a question of judgment for the
Chair except to carry out the ruling of the Sen
ate. The point made in Committee of the
Whole was that this proposition was not in or-
der to the bill, not the question whether it was
in order in committee, but whether it was in
order under the rules of the Senate to the bill.
That being decided, of course it is conclusive
upon the Chair.
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks that under the practice of the Senate
all propositions that are submitted to the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole, if they are
rejected in Committee of the Whole, may be
renewed in the Senate. At any rate the Sen-
ate was about equally divided upon this ques-
tion, and the present occupant of the Chair
being here but for the moment, does not think
it his duty to decide any question upon mere
technicalities. He will therefore take the sense
of the Senate upon the question whether it is
in order to move the amendment suggested by
the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken I
desire to call attention to two additional pre-
cedents bearing on this case. One will be
found in the Congressional Globe, third session,
Thirty-Fourth Congress, page 1046. It was
where an amendment was moved to pay the
State of Arkansas for expenses incurred in
