16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Let the
paper be read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washburne] moves that the paper
be returned, and upon that motion calls the
previous question. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] asks that the paper be read.
Under the rule he has a right to have it read;
and it will be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
State of Oregon, Department op State.
To all to whom these presents shall come, greeting:
1, Samuel E. May, secretary of state for the State
of Oregon, do hereby certify that annexed is a true
copy ot "house joint resolution No. 13," the original
of .which is now on file in this department.
In witness whereof I have hereunto signed my name
_ _ and affixed the seal of State. Done at Salem,
h's* this 16th day of October, A. D. 1808.
SAMUEL E. MAT,
Secretary of State.
Whereas George H. Williams and Heney W. Cor-
bett, now holding seats in the Senate of the United
States from theStateof Oregon, have misrepresented
the people thereof in this: that among many other
grievous wrongs they have supported and voted for
measures in the Senate which were in plain and
palpable violation of the Constitution ol the United
States, among which measures are those known as
the reconstruction acts of Congress, which acts in
their enforcement havo overthrown and subverted
civil liberty and free government within eleven
States of this Union, and consigned the citizens
thereof to odious and despotic miluary dictatorship,
unknown to our Constitution and in derogation of
its most sacred guarantees, depriving the citizens
of those States, without trial or conviction, of the
sacred rights of trial by jury and the elective fran-
chise; consigning their lives, their liberties, and their
property to the mercies of those who are without re-
sponsibility to the people over whom they exercse
their authority,and obedient only to those who hold
the power to command them for their oppressive acts.
Said pretended reconstruction acts give the people
ot thoseStatesthoalternativeof aperpetual wearing
of the galling yoke of military powcrand oppression
or submission to the more dreaded fate of being gov-
erned by hordes of ignorant, deluded negroes. The
said Williams and CoRiiKTThavebotrayed and mis-
represented the peoplo of this Statu in their support
of measures calculated to destroy the constitutional
powers and prerogativesot tho Supreme Court ol the
United States, and to usurp tho constitutional fune-
tionsof the Executive. They have been actuated by
unworthy partisan motives in their efforts to impeach
and remove the President of the United States for
pretended high crimes and misdemeanors. In the
case of Senator Williams, comparing his speeches
in the Senate upon the tenure-ohofticc bill with his
subsequent votes for the impeachment of the Presi-
dent for a pretended violation of that act, we are
constrained to believe that he acted from improper
and unworthy motives: Therefore,
lie it resolved by the Legislative Assembly of the State
of Oregon, That Gkosge 11. Williams and Henry
W.OoiiBErr.now holding theofficesof United States
Senators from tho State of Oregon, be, and horeby are,
instructed to resign thesame.tothe ond that, persons
may bo selected as their successors who will fairly
and honestly roprcaent the State of Oregon in the
United States Senato.
2. Resolved, That copies of the foregoing preamble
and resolution, signed by the president of the sen-
ato and spojiker of tho house of representatives, be
forwarded by tho president of the senate to said
Georue K. Williams and Henry W. Corbett, to
the President of tho Senate and the Speaker of the
House of Representatives of the Congress of the
United States of America at as early a day as prac-
ticable.
Adopted by the house of representatives. Septem-
ber 29,1808. JOHN WAIJLTKNKEJtt,
. , t . , x, _ ^ Speaker of the Borne.
Adopted by the Senate October 1,1868.
B. F. BURCH,
President of the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If I had
known the character of this paper I should
have objected to its being read. I will with-
draw my call for the previous question for the
purpose of offering a resolution characterizing
the paper just read as scandalous, impertinent,,
and indecorous. And upon that resolution I
call the previous question.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. No debate i sin order. The
resolution of the gentleman from Illinois will
be now read:
The resolution was read, as follows :
Resolved, That the paper just read be returned to
the presiding officers of both houses of*the Oregon
Legislature, the same being scandalous, impertinent
and indecorous.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to say 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order, the previous question having been called.
Mr. WOOD. I will only say that this com-
munication is from a sovereign State, a loyal
State, [Cries of "Order," "Order."]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] is not in order, and must
resume his seat.
The question was upon seconding the pre-
vious question; and being taken the previous
question was seconded—ayes 113, noes 31.
The next question was: "Shall the main
question be now put?"
Mr. BO YEB. Upon that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affimative—yeas 126, nays 35,
not voting 60 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Bearnan, Beatty,
Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boles. Bowen,
Buyden, Broomall, Buckland, Benjamin F.Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Callis, Churchill, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Clift, Cobb, Coburn,
Cook, Corley, Covode, Dawes, Delano, Deweese,
Dickey, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Edwards,
Eggleston. Ela, Eliot. Farnsworth, Ferriss, Fields,
French, Garfield, (Joss, Gove, Gravely, Haughey,
Ileaton, Higby, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D.
Hubbard, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Alexander H.
Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Keteham, Kitchen,
Koontz, Lash, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Lincoln, Loan, Loughridge, Mallory, Marvin,
McCarthy, Mereur, Miller, Moore, Moorbead, Mor-
rell, Muilins, Myers, Newsham, Norris, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Perham, Peters, Pettis, Pike, Poland, Polsley,
Pomeroy, Price, Prince, Robertson, Schenck, Sco-
field. Smith, Spalding,Starkweather, Stevens, Stew-
art, Stokes, Stover, Sypher, Taffe, Thomas, Twiehell,
Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne,
Honr.v D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wel-
ker, Whittemore, William Williams, James F. Wil-
son, Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—126.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnes,
Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Chanler, Eldndge,
Fox, Glossbrenner, Hotehkiss, Thomas L. Jones,
Kerr, Knott, Marshall, McCormick, Mungen,
Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps, Randall, Robinson,
Ross, Sitgreaves, Taber, Tift, Lawrence S. Trim-
ble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Wood, Woodward,
and Young—35.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Bailey,
Baldwin, Barnum, Blackburn, Blaine, Boutwell,
Bromwoll, Buckley, Cornell, Cullom, Doclcery,
Dodge, Ferry, Getz, Golladay, Griswold, Grover,
Haight, Halsoy, Hamilton, Harding, Hawkins, Hol-
man, Asabcl W, Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Humphrey, Johnson, Kellogg, Kelsey,
taflin, Logan, Lynch, Maynard, McCullough, McKee,
Morrissey, Newcomb, ]N mm, Pierce, Pile, Plants,
Pruyn, Raum. Roots, Sawyer, Selye, Shanks, Shel-
labarger, Stone, Taylor. John Trimble, Trowbridge,
Robert T. Van Horn, vidal, Ward, Thomas Wil-
liams, John T. Wilson, and Woodbridge—60.
So the main question was ordered.
The question was then taken upon agreeing
to the resolution ; and it was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was agreed to ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
report of comptroller of currency.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Comptroller of the Currency, transmitting his
annual report; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency, and ordered
to be printed.
receipts and expenditures, 1865-66.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Treasurer of the United States, transmitting his
report of receipts and expenditures for the years
1865 and 1866 ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
order 01' business.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the call of committees for reports, commenc-
ing with the Committeeon Indian Affairs, which
has one morning hour remaining, its first morn-
ing hour having been on the 8 th day of July last.
suppression of indian hostilities.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to submit a resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Is it a resolution reported
from the Committee on Indian Affairs?
Mr, WINDOM. No, sir; I ask unanimous
consent to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instructed
to inform this House, if not incompatible with the
public service, what amount of money has been ex-
pended for tho suppression of Indian hostilities
during the years 1866 and 1867, stating as particularly
as may be practicable the sums expended m each
military district or State or Territory respectively.
Mr. BROOKS. Why not include the year
1868 also ?
Mr. WINDOM. I have no objection to
including the expenditures for 1868, so far as
it may be practicable to give them. I make
that modification.
There being no objection, the resolution, as
modified, was considered and adopted.
repeal of tenure-of-ofmoe act.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1481) to repeal an act entitled "An act regu-
lating the tenure of certain civil offices,"
passed March 2, 1867 ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
e. q. pendleton.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to withdraw the petition
and accompanying papers of E. G-, Pendleton,
of West Virginia, asking for a pension.
john webb.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1479)
for the relief of John Webb, of Tennessee;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
tarlton a. middlbton."
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, also, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1480) for the relief of Tarlton A. Middleton,
late a lieutenant in company B, fourth Ten-
nessee infantry; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
redemption of national cubrency, etc.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I have some
reports to make from the Committee on Indian
Affairs; but before doing so I will yield for a
moment to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Ingersoll,] who desires to introduce a bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a bill supplementary to an
act entitled "An act to provide a national cur-
rency secured by pledge of United States
bonds and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof, and for other purposes,"
approved June 3, 1864.
Mr. RANDALL. Does the gentleman from
Illinois propose to have that bill printed?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes, sir; I wish to
have it printed ; and I would like to have it
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means
in preference to the Committee on Banking
and Currency.
Mr. RANDALL. The appropriate com-
mittee is the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I call for
the reading of the bill.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. As the reading
of the bill is called for I must resume the floor.
I did not yield for the purpose of allowing the
bill to be read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Kansas resumes the floor, and the bill of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] is
not before the House.
chootaw and chickasaw indians.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. The Committee
on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (S. il. No. 18) for thesaleof cer-
tain stocks held in trust for the Choctaw and
Chickasaw Indians, have directed me to report
it back, accompanied with a report in writing
and a substitute, which the committee recom-
mend forthe joint resolution. 1 move that the
report and the proposed substitute be printed,
and that the joint resolution be recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was recommitted; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
