m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
repair of these buildings. Of course, in making
this proposition I do, not suppose that any por-
tion of this money will be used in the manu-
facture of war material or in the repair. of
shop material, but simply in the repair of the
buildings.
Mr, BLAINE.' The estimates for the Beai-
cia arsenal,. California, were as follows:
1« J?or permanent barracks for one hundred enlisted
men, with cistern for the same- $53,000
2. For guard-housd and fire engine-house'
under one roof,  11,500
3-. for brick atablea..,    
4. Box officers' quarter?...     18,OQO
5. For artesian well.    14,000
. . XotaU.......   $105,500
The coraqaittee ca.me to the conclusion that
they had been getting along tjiere with toler-
able comfort for several years with the present
woodep-buildings, &nd. that $5,000 would be
suijfioient to keep those buildings in repair.
Mr. JOHNSON". I understand the estimate
to be for repairs, and not for the erection of
new buildings.
Mr. BLAINE. The estimate of $105,000?
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, sir; we do not ask
for any additional buildings.
Mr. BLAINE. Oh, my dear sir, that would
Jae very.expepsive repairing. The estimate is
foe permanent barracks foe one hundred men,
^6S?000, an*! so on. This $5,000 will be suffi-
cient to put tlie present wooden barracks in a
reasonable condition of repair. The commit-
tee did not think we were prepared to enter
upoij ^thet,construction of new buildings at this
time. We have treated theBeriecia arsenal no
better and no worse than any other arsenal in
the country, and therefore I hope fchcro will be
no change made in what the committee have
reported '
The question was taken on the amendment;
and it was disagreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR. I move to insert after line
one hundred and forty-nine, as an additional
paragraph, "For, paving and curbing Tacony
street, opposite Frankford arsenal, Pennsyl-
vania, $1,398 20." The necessity for the in-
corporation of this amendment in the bill is,
that by virtue of the municipal laws of the
city of Philadelphia it has been necessary to
pave and curb the sidewalk opposite the pub-
lic grounds of the Fraukford arsenal. The
laws of the municipality provide that when-
ever a majority of the property-holders, pri-
vate and public, upon a street petition for the
paving and curbing of the same, the city
authorities shall order it to be done by the
respective property-holders, and if they fail to
do it of their own volition within a reasonable
time, the city authorizes it to be done under
the direction and supervision of the city sur-
veyor, both on public and private property.
This paying and curbing has been so done,
and the law requires the collection of the ex-
penses thereof from theproperty-owners. This
is, therefore, a debt due from the Government
to the contractors under the municipal law. I
think it is unnecessary to add any further
explanation. I hope the amendment will be
adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the last clause of the bill, as
follows!
Por the preservation and neceweftry repairs of the
fortifications and other works of defense, $200,000.
Mr. DEWEESE. 1' move to add to that
clause the following proviso :
Provided, That no money appropriated by this
bill shall be disbursed by any officer other than reg-
ular bonded officers of the Government.
In defense, of that amendment I desire to
say that the trouble and loss of money in the
different branches of the Government 
Mr. BLAINE. I shall have to make a point
of order on that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. What is the point of
order?
Mr. BLAINE. That it is independent legis-
lation, directing how the money shall be dis-
bursed, which cannot strictly be done on an
appropriation bill. There is %Jaw now regu-
lating the .disbursement, and the gentleman
cannot change it on an appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to say, in reference
to this item of the bill—and I think I can-sat-
isfy the gentleman from North Carolina that
it is a very economical measure—that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations do not intend, unless
specially instructed thereto by the House, to
report a fortification bill, so called—a bill which
has appropriated year by year from two to six
million dollars. They do not propose that this
House shall vote anything for the continuation
of the various forts on the Atlantic sea-board,
but merely to appropriate the sum of $200,000
to keep them from going to decay and, destruc-
tion, And it is an economical plan; one that
does not draw heavily upon the Treasury. And
as it is to be expended by the engineer corps
of the Army, I do not think my friend from
North Carolina [Mr. Deweese] will find that
any great amount of money will be stolen and
wasted.
Mr. DEWEESE. I am not uneasy about
the engineer department, but I am about the
quartermaster's and commissary departments.
; Mr. BLAINE. The reason I spoke partic-
ularly, of the engineer corps was because this
amount was to be disbursed by them. I think
all the officers of the Army, as a rule, are honest
and capable, as much so as any other class of
officers of the Government.
Mr. DEWEESE. As I have before said,
the various Departments of the Government
are being continually annoyed by asking to
have sums of money reimbursed that are
squandered by the hundreds of thousauds by
oilicers who file no bonds.
Mr. BLAINE. Ilow has my point of order
been decided?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustained the
point of order j and there being no amendment
pending, no debate is in order.
Mr. GARFIELD. In pursuance of the
understanding had the other day, I report from
the Committee on Military Affairs the ad-
ditional sections to this bill, which I send to
the Clerk's desk.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
Sec.—. And bn it further ennoted, That aftor the 31st
day of March, 1809, the President is hereby author-
ized and directed to rcduco the Army of the United
States as rapidly as the interests of the public service
will permit, in the manner and to the extent here-
inafter specified:
No further appointments shall be made in the
grndes of General and Lieutenant General.
No further appointments shall bo made in the
grade of major generals until the number of major
generals shall be reduced below lour; and therealter
thero shall be but four major generals.
No furthor appointments shall be made in tho
grade ot brigadier general until the numberof briga-
dier generals, exclusive of the staff, is reduccd below
six; and therealter there shall be but six brigadier
generals, exclusive of the staff.
The staff departments of the Army shall have- the
following organization:
Adjutant General's department;
Ono Adjutant General, With the rank of colonol.
Two assistant adjutants general, with the rank of
colonel.
Threo assistant adjutants general, with the rank of
lieutenant colonel.
Twelve assistant adjutants general, with the rank
of major.
Inspector General's department:
Three inspectors general, with the rank of colonel.
Two inspectors general, with the rank of lieuten-
ant colon cl.
Four inspectors general, with the rank of major.
Bureau of Military Justice:
One Judge Advocate Genera), with the rank of
colonel.
One assistant judge advocate general, with the rank
of lieutenant colonel.
Eight judges advocate, with the rank of major.
Supply department:
Tho quartermaster's department, subsistence de-
partment, and pay department shall be consolidated
into one department, to be known as the supply
department, with tho following organization of offi-
cers:
One brigadier general.
Three colonels.
Nino lieutenant colonels.
Twenty-seven majors.
Seventy-five captains.
And in order to carry out the provisions of this
section the President is hereby authorized to require
of any officer of the said departmentthe performance
of any duty now devolved by law upon any officer of
thequartei master's, subsistence,or paymaster's corps;
and all laws regulating the duties of officers in each
of the said departments shall apply to officers in the
supply department, so far as the same may he con-
sistent with the provisions of this section.
The Secretary of War may detail from the line such
number of officers as may be required to perform
duties in the supply department ifi; addition to the
officers forming a part of the organization thereof;
and when officers so detailed are charged with the
disbursement of public money, they shall gvve such
bonds as are now required by disbursing officers m
the quartermaster's department, and shall receive
while so detailed twenty dollars per month addi-
tional compensation.
Medical department:
One Surgeon General, with the rank of colonel.
One assistant surgeon general, with the rank of
colonel.
One chief medical purveyor, with the rank of lieu-
tenant colonel. -
Three assistant medical purveyors, with- the rank
of lieutenant colonel.
Fifty surgeons, with the rank of major.
One hundred and twenty.-five assistant surgeons,
with the rank of lieutenant for the first ten years
service, and of captain thereafter.
Four medical storekeepers, with the rank of cap-
tain.
Corps of engineers: . , . '
One chief of engineers, with the rank of colonel.
Five colonels.
Ten lieutenant colonels.
Twenty majors.
Twenty-live captains.
Twenty-fivo first lieutenants.
Ten second lieutenants.
The ordnance department shall be abolished, and
the duties heretofore imposed bylaw upon ordnance
officers shall be performed by officers of the artillery,
under the direction of a chief, who shall have the
rank of colonel, and be known as chicf of artillery;
and there shall be added to tho artillery, by selection
from the officers of the present ordnance department,
one colonel, twolieutenant colonels, five majors,.ton
captains, fifteen first lieutenants, and ten second lieu-
tenants.
The numberof infantry regiments shall bo reduced
to .thirty by consolidation, and no more enlistments
shall be made into tho intantry or artillery until the
number of enlisted men in eachregiment falls below
the minimum number prescribed by law, and there-
after the number ot enlisted men shall not excced
the minimum.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That hereafter
the term of enlistment shall be five years.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted* That all officers
rendered supernumerary by the provisions ot trus
act shall be assigned to vacancies which may occur
in theirrespcctivogrades.andnoappointmcnts shall
bo made to fill vacancies in any grade until all such
supernumerary officers of that grade shall have been
so assigned; and tho President may assign such
supernumerary officers to any duty in the Indian
service in tho manner hereinafter provided for.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be no further appointments of regimental commis-
sary, as now authorized for the several cavalry regi-
ments.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be no further appointments of regimental commis-
sary sergeant, regimental hospital steward, and vet-
erinary surgeon; and there shall be no further ap-
pointments of corporals in the companies of cavalry
or infantry until the number in each company of
infantry shall be reduced below four and artillery
below eight.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the sixty-
first aitiele of an act for establishing rules andieg-
ulations for the government of the Army of the Uni-
ted States, approved April 10,1806, be, and is hereby,
repealed; and from and after the passage of this act
commissions by brevet shall only be conferred m
time of war and for distinguished conduct and public
servicesin presenceoftheenemy; andallbrevetcom-
missions shall bear dale from the particular action
or service for which the officer was brevettcd.
'Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That of the fif-
teen bands now in the service, organized under the
provisions of section seven of an act entitled "An act
to increase and fix the military peace establishment
of tho United States," approved July 28, 1866, all,
exceptthe band at the Military Academy, shall be
honorably discharged withoutdelay, andshallreceive
full pay and allowance tothe-dato of such discharge:
Provided, That thero shall be enlisted in each regi-
ment a chief musician, who shall be instructor of
music, with a salary of sixty dollars a month and the
allowances of a quartermaster sergeant.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That from and
after the 31st day of March, 1-869, the Secretary of
War shall exercise the supervisory and appellate
powers, and possess the jurisdiction now exercised
and possessed by tho Secretary of the Inteiior in
relation to all acts of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, andshall sign all requisitions for the advance
or payment of money out of the Treasury on estimates
or accounts, subj oct to the same adj ustmen t or control
now exercised on similar estimates or accounts by
the Auditors and Comptrollers of the Treasury, or
either of them. The Secretary of War shall be au-
thorized, whenever in his opinion it shall promote
the economy and efficiency of the Indian service, to
establish convenient departments and districts for
the proper administration of the duties now imposed
by law on the superintendents of Indian affairs and
upon agents and sub-agents, and to substitute for such
superintendents and agents officers of the Army of
the United States who shall be designated for that
purpose, and who shall then become charged with
all the duties-now imposed by law upon the superin-
tendents and agents thus, superseded, and without
