1808.
THE CONGRESSIQ frTAjL GLOBE.
17
indian commission. '
Mr. CLARKE, ofKansas,by unanimous con-
sent, offered the following resolution; which
was reatj, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior is
hereby uiieetedto roport to this House the whole
a.mount of the expenses incurred by the lastcomttris-
sion appointed to treat.with the Great and Little
Osaj?e Indians, the value of all presents presented to
said Indians, with an itemized account of all ex-
penses, showing all articles and objects for which
expenditures .were made; also whether or not any
persons attending the councils held with said Indians
wore transported and subsisted at the expense of the
United tetates; and if so, to give the names of all
such persons and the amount of expense incurred for
tuis purpose.
WAR DEPARTMENT—INDIAN BUREAU.
Mr. G-ARFIELD, from the CommittwaoiV
Military Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. flWT
1482) to restore the Bureau of Indian Affairs
to the Department of War; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read in full, provides
that from and after the 1st day of January,
1869, the Secretary of War shall exercise the
supervisory and appellate powers, and possess
the jurisdiction now exercised and possessed
by the Secretary of the Interior in relation to
all the acts of the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, and shall sign all requisitions for the ad-
vance or payment of money out of the Treas-
ury on estimates or accounts, subject to the
same adjustment or control now exercised on
similar estimates or accounts by the Auditors
and Comptrollers of the Treasury, or either of
them.
Section two authorizes the Secretary of War,
whenever in his opinion it shall promote the
economy and efficiency of the Indian service,
to establish convenient departments and dis-
tricts for the proper administration of the duties
now imposed by law on the superintendents of
Indian affairs and upon agents and sub-agents,
and to substitute for such superintendents and
agents officers of the Army of the United States,
who shall be designated for that purpose, and
who shall then become charged with all the
duties now imposed by law upon the superin-
tendents and agents thus superseded, and with-
out additional compensation therefor. The
Secretary of War shall also detail an officer
not below the rank of colonel to fill the office
and discharge the duties of Commissioner of
Indian Affairs. Officers of the Army desig-
nated to perform the duties of commissioner,
superintendent, agent, or sub-agent shall not
be required to give the bonds now required of
civil appointees, but shall be responsible for
any neglect or maladministration, according
to the Rules and Articles of War.
The third section provides that all contracts
for transportation connected with the Indian
service shall hereafter be made in the same
manner and at the same time provided for
transportation for the use of the Army, and
the accounts of all appropriations, expendi-
tures, and payments of money in the manage-
ment of Indian affairs, except the pay of officers
and enlisted men detailed for service underthe
provisions of this act, shall be kept separate
and exhibited under the head of "Expenditure
on account of the Indians."
Section four authorizes the Secretary of War
to withhold all special licenses from traders,
and under regulations to be by him prescribed
to provide the times and places at which all
traders complying therewith may present them-
selves for bargain, barter, and exchange with
the several Indian tribes, according to the laws
of the United States regulating the same.
Section five repeals all laws and parts of
laws inconsistent with the provisions of this act.
Mr. GARFIELD. I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WINDOM. I hardly think the gentle-
man will call the previous question on a bill of
this importance without allowing any discus-
sion.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to say that what-
ever time is allowed me I will give largely to
those who wish to speak after the previous
question is sustained. The Committee on Mili-
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 2.
tary Affairs have many other matters which
they will not be able to get through unless the
consideration of this bill is restricted to one
hour.
Mr. HIGBY. Is the bill printed?
Mr. GARFIELD. Oh, yes, sir: it is printed
and was before the House for half the last ses-
sion.
Mr. WINDOM. _ Is it in order to move the
reference of this bill to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs?
The SPEAKER. It is not. If (he previous
question should not be seconded it will be.
^Ir. WINDOM. 1 hope it will not be sec-
onded, because I assure the House that there
/are many defects in the hill which they ought
to be made aware of.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 41, noes 39; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered^and Messrs. Garfield
and Wisdom were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 70, noes 49.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. GARBTELD. I do not wish to take
the time of the House but for a few moments.
I wish to keep my promise to several gentle-
men to allow them to be heard. I will state
briefly the purpose of the bill and how much
it accomplishes, and will then yield some time
to the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Wis-
dom,] chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
It will be noticed, in the first place, as the
title of the bill indicates, that it is proposed to
restore the Bureau of Indian Affairs to the De-
partment of War, where all that class of busi-
ness was originally transacted. When the De-
partment of the Interior was formed in 1849
the management of Indian affairs was taken
from the War Department and placed in the
hands of the Secretary of the Interior. This
bill does not raise the question of our policy
at all. It does not propose to settle any theory
of tribal relations or the relation of the Gov-
ernment to the Indian tribes, nor to determine
whether we shall continue to treat them as
separate nations, subject to treaty stipulations ;
nor does it touch the establishment or manage-
ment of reservations. It affects directly no
one of these questions. It provides merely
that the Interior Department shall surrender
the management of Indian affairs to the War
Department; and, in order that there may be
no sudden shock in the transfer, it is provided
that all the duties now enjoined by law upon
the Secretary of the Interior in relation to
Indians shall be discharged by the Secretary
of War, and that without a change of system
or policy.
Then the bill provides further in the second
section that the Secretary of War shall be
authorized, whenever in his opinion it will pro-
mote economy and the efficiency of the Indian
service, to detail officers of the Army to per-
form all the duties now enjoined by law upon
Indian agents, sub-agents and other persons
employed in the Indian service. It does not
immediately abolish all the offices in connec-
tion with the Indian, department, but it leaves
it to the discretion of the Secretary of War to
replace them by officers of the Army when the
interests of the service requiie it. I have no
doubt it will ultimately result in putting officers
of the Army in the places of the civilians now
employed in that department. But it was
thought best not to say that all civilians shall
at once be dismissed the service and military
officers substituted. It is left for the present
at the discretion of the Secretary of War.
The third section provides that all contracts
for transportation in connection with tho In-
dian service shall hereafter be made in the
same manner as contracts for supplies or trans-
portation of the Army ; and in the amendment
which I have added—which is the only material
change in the bill, as I introduced it last June—
it is provided that all expenditures of money,
ail appropriations, and all payments made on
account of Indian affairs, shall hereafter be
kept separately and exhibited under the Ijead
of "Expenditures on account of Indians."
Hitherto these expenses have not been thus
separated, and it is unjust to the Army to
charge as a part of its ordinary cost all the
expenses of an Indian war; and moreover', we
ought al-ways to be able to classify our "ex-
penses, and know definitely what is done with
the moiiey. I have therefore added to the
third section a clausfe requiring that the .ac-
counts, except for pay of officers-and soldier.s,
shall bo kept separately. , It was thought that
the monthly pay of officers and enlistee} ,'men
employed in the Indian service could not be
kept separate from the pay of the rest of the
Army without complicating too much the ac-
counts of the Department.
The fourth section authorizes the Secretary
of War to withhold all special licenses for
traders, and otherwise to regulate the business
of Indian trading.
Now, without going at all into the general
question of what ought to be done with the
Indians, I am satisfied that we shall mate a -
successful beginning of the whole business by
putting all this work into the hands of the War
Department, where all the officers are subject
to military law and to the jurisdiction of courts-
martial. The great advantage of the measure
will be that we shall abolish a bureau and all
its appendages, and at the same time, without
additioual cost for salaries, secure lor the work
efficient agents who are subject to a much
stricter accountability than civilians can be.
We shall thus remove one of the most tempt-
ing opportunities for corruption known to our
Government. I do not, however, desire to go
into the debate. Tin? developments of the last
year, it seems to me, have been amply suffi-
cient to bring the subject fully to the attention
of the people.
I will add that two years ago this bill, in
almost the very words of the print before us,
passed the House of Representatives by a large
majority, but i'ailed in the Senate. Last ses-
sion we were not able to reach it, or I believe
it would have passed again. But then there
were some prominent officers connected with
the Indian commission who were not in favor
of the transfer of the department. Now, I
understand that since the developments of the
last fall nearly all of those officers have come
to believe that the transfer is necessary. Gen-
eral Grant, General Sherman, and General
Sheridan, and nearly all the leading officers of
the Army connected with the Indian service,
recommend this as tho initial step. We there-
fore propose this measure by itself, making
the transfer simply to begin with, and open-
ing the way for any discussion of the Indian
problem which it may be thought hereafter
best to enter upon.
I give way to the gentleman from Minnesota,
[Mr. Wxxdom;] for how long?
Mr. WINDOM. Say ten minutes; probably
I shall not want more than live minutes.
Mr. GARFIELD. Very well. I will yield
to the gentleman for ten minutes.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. Speaker, this is in one
respect an old question before the House ; and
yet I now venture the assertion here that there
are not five members on this floor who know
anything of the provisions of the bill the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] has intro-
duced. It is trueit was introduced and printed
at the last session of Congress, and placed upon
our files, where probably no one has examined
it. But now, on the second day of the session,
without a single moment's time being given lor
discussion, the previous question is ordered
upon it, and the gentleman doles out the little
time he chooses for discussing its merits. I do
not know, Mr. Speaker, but it may become
expedient to transfer the Indian Bureau to the
War Department; but it does seem to me that
when we make that transfer it should not be
upon the principle stated by the gentleman
from Ohio, Dut that it should be when some
system is devised whereby we may hope to
improve in our management of Indian affairs.
But the gentleman states that all it is hoped we
