1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1721
business; and that is one of the things that this
Congress cannot open for debate again. The
principal has already been paid on the original
claims, and I say that settles the first question
which the Senator from Iowa raised.
And now the second question, as I understood
him. was that this would be a dangerous and
costly precedent to the Republic. Why so ?
Massachusetts is the only State that made ad-
vancps to the national Government during the
war of 1812 whose interest accounts have not
been settled; and now when I propose that
you shall settle them and close that book of the
war 1812 the Senatorfromlowasaysyou cannot
do it without establishing a dangerous prece-
dent. Why so? The precedent is already es-
tablished with regard to every other State that
has made ad varices to the national Government.
I have before me here a memorandum showing
that the interest has been allowed to Virginia
for her advances, to Maryland for hers, to Del-
aware for hers, to New York for hers, to Penn-
sylvania for hers, to South Carolina for hers;
and I am not aware that there is a single State
that made any advances to the national Gov-
ernment during the war of 1812 that has not
had its accounts fully closed and the interest
paid to the last dollar except Massachusetts.
Now, sir, is there any reason for an excep-
tion with regard to Massachusetts? I resist
as absolutely inapplicable to the case every
suggestion in disparagement of the conduct of
Massachusetts. That belongs, whatever it
may be, for weal or woe, to the history of the
past. The simple, practical question for you
is, whether you will treat Massachusetts with
regard to a claim the validity of which you
have already twice over recognized as you
treat every State iu the Union? Sir, you can-
not refuse to pay this interest without making
an exception m disparagement of her. I have
before me the statute-book which contains the
act authorizing the payment of the interest
due to the State of New York. Is there any
reason why you should pay interest to the
State of New York that is not equally strong
for the payment of interest to the State of
Massachusetts? Certainly not. Here it is:
"That the proper officers of tho Treasury Depart-
ment be, and they are hereby, authorized and di-
rected to liquidate and settle the claim of the State
of New York against the United States for interest
upon loans on moneys borrowed and actually ex-
pended by her for the use and benefit ot the United
States during the late war with Great Britain."
There is the precedent, solid, precisely appli-
cable. You have got to go back on your statute-
book and have all these original payments of
interest refunded to put those States on an
equality with Massachusetts.
Mr. SHERMAN. What page and volume
is that?
Mr. SUMNER. Page 192, volume four of
theStatutes-at-Large. The actwas passedMay
22, 1826. The same volume contains the acts
for Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, New York,
Pennsylvania, and South Carolina. With re-
gard to Maryland, which is perhaps the case
most in point, it is entitled " An act authoriz-
ing the payment of interest due to the State of
Maryland," and it goes on as in the New York
statute:
"That the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury Department be, and they are hereby, authorized
and directed to liquidate and settle the claim of the
State of Maryland against the United States for in-
terest upon loans on moneys borrowed and actually
expended by her for the use and benefit of the United
States during the late war with Great Britain."
That was passed May 13, 1826. Afterward,
wehave that famous section, particularly appli-
cable to this case, in which Congress decided
the rule with regard to interest growing out of
the claims in Maryland as follows :
"That the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury be, and they are hereby, authorized and directed
to reexamine the accountbetween the United Stal.es
and the State of Maryland as the same was from time
time adjusted under the act passed on the 13th of
May, 1826, entitled'An act authorizing tho payment
ot interest due to the State of Maryland,' and on
Mch reexamination to assumethesums expended ba-
ttle State of Maryland for the use and benefit of the
United States, and the sums refunded and repaid bv
the United States to the said State and the times of
audi payments as being correctly stated in the ac-
count as the same has heretofore been passed at the
Treasury Department; but in the calculation of in-
terests due under the act aforesaid the following rules
shall be observed, towit: interest shall be calculated
up to the time of any payment made. To this inter-
est the payment shail be first applied, and if it ex-
ceed the interest due the balance shall be applied to
diminish the principal; if the payment fall short of
the interest the balance of interest shall not be added
to the principal so as to produce interest. Second,
interest shall be allowed the State of Maryland on
such sums only on which the said State either paid
interest or lost interest by the transfer of an interest-
bearing fund."
That is the rule which is known as the Mary-
land rule. I understand it is now adopted at
the Treasury in settlement of accounts with
States. The account of Massachusetts will be
subjected to this rule.
Mr. DRAKE. I inquire of the honorable
Senator whether that rule is expressed in the
proposed amendment?
Mr. SUMNER. It is not; because on in-
quiry at the Treasury Department it was ascer-
tained that it was the rule of the Department
and that there was no need of expressing it.
Mr. DRAKE. It is better to have it ex-
pressed.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the explanation in
answer to the' Senator.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from
Massachusetts allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. I understand that the prin-
cipal of these advances made by Massachusetts
was repaid to the State some ten or twelve
years ago by an appropriation by Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. The principal has been paid
in two installments. The account of the prin-
cipal was closed in 1859.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; it has been
paid. What I wish to inquire is, when this
claim for interest was first presented to Con-
gress and brought to the attention of Congress—
for the Senator will of course recollect that
here are fifty years that have elapsed since
these advances were made, and it looks to mo
like a stale claim unless it was brought for-
ward at some reasonably early period—there
must be some time within which such a claim
is to be barred by the universal understanding
on subjects of that kind.
Mr. SUMNER. I am obliged to the Senator
from Michigan for putting the question he has ;
although had he been present at the discussion
the other day I think he would have found
there was no occasion for his question, for I
had already anticipated it. I have already
said that the payment of the principal was in
two installments—one made manyyearsago—
leaving, however, a balance not yet liquidated.
That afterward was liquidated in 1887, in the
report made by J. R. Poinsett, Secretary of
War, but it was not paid until 1859. I wish
the Senator would bear that in mind: that the
Secretary of W ar, in pursuance of an order from
Congress, investigated this question, and he
made a report in 1837 in which he adjusted
the balance of principal then due to Massachu-
setts. Mark you, in 1837 ; and that balance
of principal continued unpaid until 1859, when
I find in the Army bill under date of March 3,
1859, the following section:
" That for the purpose of executing a resolution
approved May 14, 1886, entitled 'A resolution to au-
thorize tho Secretary of War to receive additional
evidence in support of the claims of Massachusetts
and other States of the United States for disburse-
ment services, <fce„ during the late war,' the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized
and directed to pay to Massachusetts, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
the sum of #227,176 48, reported under said resolution
to be due to said State by J, R. Poinsett, late Secre-
tary of War, in a report dated tho 23d of December,
1837, made to th  House of Representatives the 27th
of December, 1837: Provided, That in lieu of payment
in money the Secretary of the Treasury may at his
discretion issue to said State United States stock bear-
ing an interest, of five percent, perannam, and re-
deemable at the end of ten years, or sooner, at the
pleasure of the President."
Now, sir, you will please bear in mind that
this was in 1837 ; but nothing was done in
pursuance of this report until 1859.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend will allow
me to state that repeated efforts were made to
get the claim, but Congress, under the pressure
of the strong arguments that my friend from
Iowa has advanced this morning with tiegari
to the conduct of Massachusetts during the
war, repeatedly refused to make the appro-
priation ; but in 1859 both Houses recognised
the claim and paid the money.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator states it pre-
cisely. That is the point. It was not recog-
nized by Congress until 1859, and then we
find the appropriation in the appropriation bill
before me. Now, is the present claim for
interest stale? Of course there was no claim
for interest until the principal was finally ad-
justed. That was not until 1869. I need not
remind the Senate what occurred immediately
after 1859 ; how this country already at that
time was darkened bf the troubles that were
before us; and Massachusetts, of course, was
in no mood to appear as a claimant here at
Washington while the troubles of the country
were pending.
Mr. GRIMES. She came in the Thirty-
Eighth Congress.
Sir. SUMNER. She came after the war was
over.
Mr. GRIMES. Was the war over in the
Thirty-Eighth Congress?
Mr. SUMNER. Was it not? ■
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
This claim was presented in the Thirty-lEighth
Congress, and a report was made favorable to
the claim in the Thirty-Eighth Congress. It
came up again in the Thirty-Ninth Congress,
and a favorable report was made upon it in the
Thirty-Ninth Congress; and, unless I mistake,
the subject was up in the Maine Legislature
previous to that time, so that there'was only
one year intervening between the time the "prin-
cipal was paid and the time that this claim for
interest was urged in Congress.
Mr. GRIMES. The. principal was paid by
order of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, and the
claim for interest was made at the latter end of
the war, but during the six years past. The
Thirty-Eighth Congress was less than six years
ago.
Mr. PESSENDEN. If the Senator from
Massachusetts will allow me, since that time I
have a most distinct recollection that a bill was
introduced into this body including the recast
of the claim for interest of several States.
That bill was brought forward in this body and
was carried through this body, if I recollect
aright. That was before this specific claim
was made on the part of Massachusetts, so that
there has been no delay except that which
occurred during the immediate pressure of the
war in prosecuting the claim.
Mr. SUMNER. The report which I have
before me was made in the other House, Janu-
ary 25, 1867, and my own impression is that I
had no knowledge of this claim until about the
year before that, when I remember it was re-
ferred to a committee with which I am con-
nected on the motion of the Senator from
Maine; and in making that motion reasons
were assigned for the reference to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. It is not neces-
sary for me to go into those, for the criticism
of the Senator from Iowa in that respect is
merely one of form.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I should like
the Senator from Massachusetts to refer to the
appropriation of 1859, that we may see whatifcs
language was.
Mr. SUMNER. I have just read it. It was
the last thing I read.
Mr. DRAKE. Let us hear it again.
Mr. SUMNER. I read it from-the statute
which I have before me :
" That for the purpose of executing a resolution,
approved May 14,1335
Mark that date, if you please—
" entitled 'A resolution to authorize '.he Secretary
of War to receive additional evidence in support of
the claims of Massachusetts and other States of the
United States'
Not only Massachusetts, but other States of
the United States—
"'for disbursement, services, &e., during tk« late
war,' the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
