970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
■was so understood, whether the Journal shows
it or not.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was under an
impression similar to what was understood by
•the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaine.]
With the permission of the committee he will
read from the Globe what was moved b.y the
gentleman from Maine.
" Mr. Blaise. I move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolvo itself into Committee of
the Wh-ele 011 the state of the Union, and proceed
to theconsideratisnof the Army appropriation bill;
and pending that motion I move that all eeneral
■debate upon it Shall cease in one minute until wo
•reach-the point where the amendment which was
allowed to be presented yesterday tor the reduction
<?!' the Araxy shall he introduced.
"The motions were agreed to."
Mr. GARFIELD. What is the decision of
the Chair?
The CHAIRMAN. There is no rule adopted
in regard to the debate. The five-minutes rule
does not apply to the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 move, then, that the com-
mittee rise for the purpose of closing debate.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 have the floor, and do
not yield for that purpose.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman yield to allow me to offer my amend-
ment?
Mr. GA.UFIELD. ' I will yield to have it
read without, its coming.out of my time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to that.
Mr. GARFIELD. If I can have the atten-
tion of the committee a short time 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I only object to our
putting two hours into one.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am not
going to do that.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to make an Inquiry.
Is tins a debate by one member for five min-
utes, or five members for one minute? [Laugh-
ter, ]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw the ob-
jection.
Mr. GARFIELD. I yield to allow the pro-
posed amendment to be read, if it does not
come out of my time.
The Clerk read the amendment of Mr. But-
ler, of Massachusetts, to insert the following
additional sections:
Sbc. —. And be it further enacted, That the officio of
General of tlio Army shall contiimo until the 4th of
March, 1809, and no longer.
tfKO. —. And he it further enacted, That the ofiico
of Lieutenant General of the Array shall continue
until a vacancy shall occur in the same, and no
longer; and on the occurrence of such vacancy nil
iawa and parts of laws creating said offico aro re-
pealed.
Sbc. —. And be it further enacted. That commis-
sions by brevet shall bo conferred only for distin-
guished and meritorious conduct and important
ecrvico in the presence of tho enemy, and within one
year after tho same arc rendered, and shall bear
date from the particular nch'on or scrviee for which
the officer was brevcttod, and ail brevet rank .shall
bo honorary only, giving neither proccdorieo m rank
or pay.
Sbc.-—. he it further enacted, That after tho
1st day of J uly, I860, there shall bo only three major
generals; and the X>resident shall, within ten days
preceding said date, select, without regard to senior-
ity, the throe major generals to remain in commis-
sion : and tlie others shall be mustered out of the
sorvico of tho United Suites on said date.
Sec. — And be it further enacted, That after the 1st
day of July, 1869, there shall be only six brigadier
generals, including tho chief of stalf of tho Army,
who is hereby continued in office ; and the President
shall, within ten days preceding*said date, select,
without regard to seniority, the fivo brigadier gen-
«raJs to remain in commission, and tho others shall
he mustered out of the service of the United States
on said date.
Sec.—. And be it further cnacted, That the offices
of Adjutant General, Quartermaster Genoral, Com-
missary General of Subsistence, chief of ordnance,
chief oi engineers. Paymaster General, Surgeon Gen-
eral, Judgo Advocate General, shall be filled by the
appointment or assignment of an officcr who shall
nnve the rank and pay of a colonel.
bBC. —. And be it farther exacted, That the present
incumbents maycontinueincho above-named offices
nameu m the foregoing section at the rank and pay
«ij0V*fr^en ; aT1d upon passage of this act
all oiheera of the staff departments or corps of the
Army shad nave the rank, pay, and grade of infantry
oncers next below that fixed for such officers by the
So u- aCJ t9.1ipc,_easeand fix the military
¥ol'^bhshmentof the United States," approved
July 28, ISbS, except when actually servinst in the
<r ' W™,r' rh,™ t!ie >Pay Sll?-U bethat of a mounted
pflic"r. That thewholenamborof officers serving in
the above-named staff departments and corps sSall
be reduced one half in each grade, the officers re-
tained to be selected by the President as hereinafter
provided; and those notselected to be retained shall
be mustered out on the first day of July next.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the pay of
the officers of theArmy shall be as follows; the pay
of Lieutenant General shall be $12,000 a year; the
pay of major general shall be$7,500: the pay of brig-
adier general shall be $5,000; thepay of colonel shall
be $3,500; the pay of lieutenantcolonel shall he $2,750;
the pay of major shall be $2,500; the pay of captain,
mounted, shall be $2,000; the pay of captain, not
mounted, shall be $1,800; tho pay of adjutant shall be
$1,800; the pay of regimental quartermaster shall be
$1,800; thepay of first lieutenant, mounted, shall be
$1,600; the pay otfirst lieutenant,notmounted, shall
be$1,500; the pay of second lieutenant, mounted,
shall he $1,500; the pay of second lieutenant, not
mounted, shall be $1,400; the pay of chaplain shall
be &1,200; the pay of aide-de-camp to major general
shall be $200 per annum in addition to pay of his rank;
tho pay of aide-de-camp to brigadier general shall
be $150 per annum inaddition to payofhisrank; the
pay of acting assistant commissary shall be $100 in
addition to pay of his rank; and these sums shall be
in full of all commutations of quarters, fuel, forage,
servants' wages and clothing, longevity,rations, and
all allowances of every name and nature whatever,
and shall be paid monthly by the paymaster: Pro-
vided, Thatwhon any officer shall travel under or-
ders, and shall not be furnished transportation by
the quartermaster's department or on a conveyance
belonging to or chartered by the United States, he
shall bo allowed ten cents per mile, andno mare, tor
each mile actually by him traveled under such order,
distances to be calculated according to the nearest
post routes; and no payment shall be made to any
officer cxcept by a paymaster of tho Amy. Officers
rotir,ed from active service not on account of dis-
bility from wounds received in battle shall receive
iorty per cent of tho pay given by this act to the
highest regimental or staff rank held by such officer
at the time of retirement. Officers retired from active
service from disability from wounds received in bat-
tle shall receive seventy-five per cent, of the pay
Riven by this act to tho highest regimental or staff
rank held by such officer at the time such-wounds
were received. Retired officers assigned to duty by
tho President according to their rank shall receive
whilo so assigned and employed fullpayof thegrade
upon which they have been retired; but no retired
officer shall bo assigned to any duty other than court-
martial while any officer not so retired is unassigned
to duty according to iiis> rank.
Skc. —. And be it further enacted, That hereafter the
line of the Army shall consist of twenty-four regi-
ments of infantry, fivo regiments of which shall be
of the Veteran Reserve corps, and four of colored
troops; six regiments of eavaly, two of which shall
bo colored troops; and three regiments of artillery ;
said regiments to have tho same organization as now
provided by law.
Sec. —. And beit further enacted, That the Secretary
of War shall forthwith procecd to consolidate tho
rogiments now in service in accordance with the pro-
visions of this act. lie shall prepare lists of all regi-
mental and staff officers of each giado now in ser-
vice, keeping the three arms of the service distinct,
as well as tho several staff corps; and the President
shall select therefrom, in proportion to the numbers
in tho «evcral grades, tho number required to fill
said regiments from each arm, selecting for the com-
mand of colored troops only officers who served in
tho war in command of such troops in the manner
following, that is to say: he shall cause to assemble
at a council of officers composed of three general
ofiicors, one of whom shall be a major general and
ono of whom shall havo entered the Army during
the late war from civil life ; threeofiicersof infantry,
two of whom shall havo entered tho Army during
the wai from civil life and one of whom shall have
been an officer of colored troops; two officers of
cavalry, one of whom shall havo entered the Army
during tho war from civil lite; two officers of the
modical department; ono officer of the Adjutant
General's department; one officer of the engineer
department; one officer of the ordnance depart-
ment; ono officer of the quartermaster's department;
ono officer of the subsistence department, and one
officer of tho pay department, who shall have entered
the Army during the war from civil life; all of whom
shall be selected for high character, intelligence,
discretion, justice, patriotism, professional ability,
and services during the war, and who being thus
selected shall bo retained in the service; and it shall
be the duty of the council to inquire into and consider
tho capacity, character, record of services, andfitness
to be continued in the military service ol every offi-
cer below tho grade of General who may be in the
Army at the time of thepassage of this act. And tho
council shall for this purpose be furnished with all
information, papers, documents, records, and evi-
dence they may require from the War Department;
and the council shall furnish a report of their con-
clusions to the Secretary of War with their reasons
therefor, and shall keep a record of their votes in the
case of each officer, except that the name of the offi-
cer voting need not be recorded. "When the report
of a majority of two thirds of the council is in favor
of any officer ho shall thereupon be reported and be
placed upon the list from which selections are to be
made by the President of officers to be retained in
tho sorvice, but in case of an officer not so reported
by the council, then he shall be summoned before
tho council by order for examination into his moral,
mental, and physical qualifications, and shall be
allo wed full and reasonable opportunity for expla-
nation and defense, and may produce testimony to
meet any objection or charges, if any there he, of
which hesball he informed, all of which shall be sub-
mitted in writing and the testimony taken uader
oath; and the board, at its discretion, may summon
-any witness who shall have given such testimony for
further examination, and tbe case shall then bb
again examined and reported upon by the board;
but when it shall appear to the council on ex-
amination of any officer that he has no.t been em-
ployed on active duty in the field during any part
of the late war, it shall be the duty of the coun-
cil to inquire specially into the reason for such offi-
cer not being so employed; and any officer whoso
absence from active field service during the war
shall be found by a majority of the council to have
been on accouut of the wish or application of such
officer to be assigned to duty el>ewhere than at the
front, from any cause whatever, he shall not be re-
ported to be put upon the list from which officers
to serve in the Army shaU be selected. And from
the list so reported the President shall select tho
regimental and company officers in the regiments
hereby authorized, giving to those officers who en-
tered theArmy from civil life during the war and
were promoted or appointed for gallantry and good
conduct an equal number with those who had served
in theArmy before the war, so that said officeis in
command may be selected from those who have per-
formed active and meritorious services in the field
in the war of tho rebellion; and the officers in pref-
erence to "others of the staff, corps, or department
shall be likewise selected from said list, but without
regard to service in the field.
Sec. — And be it .further enacted, Thatall the bands
yet in tho service organized under the provisions of
section seven of an act entitled "An act to increaso
and fix the military peace establishment of the Uni-
ted States," approved July 28,1866, cxcept the band
of the Military Academy, shall be honorably dis-
charged without delay, and shall receive full pay
and allowance to the date of such discharge.
Sec. —. And be it jurther enacted, That «he Presi-
dent is hereby authorized and directed, so soon as
the necessities of the service will allow, to order the
muster out of enlisted men until the totdl number,
the proper proportions of the different arms of tlio
service being preserved, shall be reduced to twenty-
five thousand; and until such reduction is reached
no further enlistments shall be made; and thereafter
there shall be no more than twenty-five thousand
enlisted men at any one time without special author-
ity of Congress: Provided, That all men enlisted for
any special Corps other than above mentioned, such
as ordnance or engineer soldiers, shall be disbanded,
and, at the election of the enlisted men, bo recruited
into the line of the Army.
Sf.c.—. And be it further enacted. That the organ-
ization of the Bureau of Military Justice shall here-
after consist of one Judge Advocate General, with
the rank and pay of a colonel; one assistant, judge
advocate general, with the rank and pay of a lieu-
tenant colonel; four assistant judge advocates gen-
eral, with tho rank and pay of a major; and all
promotions and appointments hereafter made in said
bureau shall be in accordance with the provisions
of this section,
Sec —« Andbe it further-enacted, That the office of
military storekeeper is hereby abolished. The place
may be filled by aretired officerof theArmy.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That the medical
staff of the Army shall not bo increased by surgeons
hired by contract or otherwise, so that the whole
number of medical officers shall not be beyond one
for every one hundred and fifty men.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That this act
shall take effect on the 4th day of March, in the year
1869; and all acts and parts of acts inconsistent with
the provisions of this act in any manner whatever
are hereby repealed.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to make a point
of order now against part of this amendment
when it shall be called up, or reserve my right
to make it, in regard to the pay of the Army.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not understood that
itisoffered now. It isreported for information.
Mr. BCJTLER, of Massachusetts. It is
offered now.
Mr. GARFIELD. I only allowed it to be
read as an amendment to be offered.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman right here whether the point of order
will be made on account of the pay being
reduced?
Mr. GARFIELD. I make the point of order
first because it changes the law and is not ger-
mane to the amendment which has been per-
mitted by the House, and second because I have
a right to make it. I desire now to modify the
proposition I offered to the committee by leav-
ing off the last section, and also by leaving out
the following words on page 4, " and the Presi-
dent may assign such supernumerary officers
to any duty in the Indian service in the manner
hereinafter provided for." The last section
and those lines are all that refer to the subject
of the Indian Bureau. With that modification
I offer the whole amendment as an entirety.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I again
rise to a point of order, and now, if the Chair
pleases, we will see how the matter stands.
The House permitted the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] to introduce a bill as an en*
