18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
may now accomplish by this proposed change
is simply this, to abolish a bureau and to put the
Indians under the charge of some other indi-
viduals. For one I think we have had experi-
ence enough of the treatment of Indians by the
War Department to know that true economy
forbids that this transfer should be made.
According to the provisions of this bill we
are to have hereafter all our Indian affairs
managed by the War Department. I believe
if there is any Department of this Govern-
ment in which we find the great maelstrom of
the Treasury, where money is sunk by millions
and never accounted for, it is the War Depart-
ment. I have shown heretofore on this floor,
.when this question was under discussion, that
to take care of seven thousand Indians in New
Mexico, under the War Department, cost the
sum of $1,500,000, while the whole three hun-
dred thousand Indians in the nation cost, under
the Indian department, less than four million
dollars a year. Now, sir, with such facts as
these, which cannot be controverted, I believe
the House ought, at least, to have this bill
printed, and to read carefully all its provisions
before we rush headlong into a transfer of this
kind. We should be prepared for a more
thorough system in reference to Indian affairs
than is now proposed. All that seems to be
proposed by this bill is simply a little victory
in this old contest as to whether the War
Department or the Interior Department shall
have the ctmtrol of Indian affairs. The gen-
tleman from Ohio has nothing digested; he
lias no reasons to give to show that we shall
save money or shall be benefited in any respect
by the proposed transfer. He says that our
military authorities approve of this bill. Now,
I should like to see the report upon that
subject which will confirm the statement of
the gentleman. Two or three years ago we
appointed a peace commission, composed of
some of the most prominent military men of
the nation, among whom were Lieutenant Gen-
eral Sherman, Brevet Major General Harney,
Brevet Major General Terry, Brevet Major
General C. (J. Augur, and General John B.
Sanborn. Those gentlemen have devoted some
two years to the investigation of this question,
and 1 will read from the report they submitted
on this very point, signed by all the generals
to whom I have referred, together with the
balance of the peace commission. 1 read from
.Executive Document No. 97, of last session,
page 20, as follows:
This brinprsus to consider tho much mooted ques-
tion whether tlio bureau should bi'loiu; to the civil
or military department of the Government. To
dotoiuiinc thH pioperly we must fiist know what is
to be tlift futuio treatment of tlio Indians. It wo
intend to have war with them, tho bureau t-hould go
to tho Secretary of AVstr. If wo intend to liavo peace,
it should be in tho civil department "
1 will pause right here (as my time is limited,
and as I may not have an opportunity to recur
to the point) to ask this House whether it is
peace or war they propose to have hereafter
with the Indian tribes. This commission, com-
posed of General Sherman and the other eminent
officers 1 have named, says, "If you want war
turn the Indians over to tho military author-
ities."
Now, let mo give you a specimen of Indian
war. 1 introduced this morning a resolution
inquiring what have been the expensesincurred
for the suppression of Indian hostilities during
the last three years. I have ail official report
of the amount expended during 1864 and 18(55,
but the hurry of this discussion has not allowed
me to put my hand oil the document, which is
now on file in the document-room. That
report shows that for those years there were
expended in the quartermaster's department
alone for Indian hostilities $28,000,000; and
I believe a careful estimate was made in regard
to a military expedition that started from my
own State, showing that it cost $0,000,000,
and that it killed two Indians! Now, Mr.
Speaker, at the rate of $3,000,000 for every
Indian killed, you can-readily estimate the
expense which those gentlemen who, as Gen-
eral Rhenium i-avs. propose war, expect to
impose upon the Government in killing threo
hundred thousand Indians.
General Grant estimated, in 1866, that the
weekly cost of our then Indian war was
$1,000,000. I learn from the newspapers that
there are now some five thousand cavalry un-
der the command of General Sheridan engaged
in the pursuit of Indians upon the Plains.
This, with those on duty at tho various posts,
is a larger military force than we had engaged
in the suppression of Indian hostilities in 1866,
when General Grant made his estimate. We
may then safely estimate that the cost of our
Indian war to-day is not less than $1,000,000
per week. If gentlemen desire, when our
Treasury is in its present condition, to declare
war against all these Indian tribes, as General
Shermati and these other officers say you will
do if you transfer the control of Indian affairs
to the War Department, thereby continuing
this expense of ยง1,000,000 per week, let them
say so.
But, sir, we have now in the field a commis-
sion composed of thcgentlemen I have named,
a commission that challenges the confidence, I
think, of every member present. When that
commission shall, upon a careful examination
of tho question, make a report advising that
this transfer should be made, and when a sys-
tem shall have been prepared for the manage-
ment of our Indian affairs, I shall offer no
further opposition t'o this proposition. But
I think it is altogether premature that a meas-
ure of this kind should, under the operation
of the previous question, a large portion of the
bill not having been printed, be forced through
tho House while such a' commission is in the
field and before we have any report from it on
the subject, except a report advising us not to
adopt this measure. I read further from the
same report:
"In our judgment such wars aro wholly unneces-
sary, and hoping that theGrovernmentamd the coun-
try will acrree with us, we cannot now advise the
chango. It is possible, however, that, despite our
eft'orts to maintain peace, war may be forced on us
by some tribe or tribes of Indians. In the event of
such oceutieiico it maybe weil to provide, in the
l evision of the intercourse laws orelsewhere, at what
time the civil jurisdiction thali cease and the mili-
tary jurisdiction begm. If thought advisable, also,
Congress may authorize tho President to turn over to
the military the exclusive control of such tribes as
may bo continually hostile or unmanageable."
"But," say the gentlemen composing this
commission, "we cannot now advise this
change." Let us, then, Mr. Speaker, wait
until the commission that is investigating this
subject shall have time to report. Let us check
our hot haste until the bill can be printed and
members can have an opportunity to read it.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I yield eight minutes to
the gentleman from Kansas.
Jilr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Although this
bill now reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs is not iu its details all that I think it
ought to be, I nevertheless entirely agree with
the chairman of the committee in the necessity
of its passage. This Indian question, so far as
relates to the western frontier, has become one
of great importance, as I know from personal
observation. It is becoming a practical ques-
tion upon which it is necessary for Congress to
act. It is not, if I may so express myself, a
question of philanthropy. It is not even a ques-
tion whether or not the while race or the Indian
race are the aggressors, but it has become
a question of practical administration. The
Government of the United States has inaugu-
rated a great system of internal improvement
by which we are constructing at this moment
two great lines of railway across the interior of
this continent. Now, whatever may be the
policy pursued by this Congress; whatever may
be the action of the Interior or the War Depart-
ment, the fact remains that every day the civil-
ization of this country is coming in contact, with
the Indian tribes ; that every day new aggres-
sions are being committed on the one hand or
the other, and under any system or any principle
of administration which may be inaugurated by
Congress or by either the War or the Interior
Department our civilization will march forward
in spite of all opposition. Representing, as I do,
a State on the western frontier, and knowing
something of what is going on there at, this
moment, I am very far from agreeing with the
declaration made by General Sherman* that our
western frontiers are stretched out two hundred
miles too far, and that our frontier settlers must
live in block-houses and forts, as was done in
the early times in Ohio and Indiana. On the
contrary, I believe that our civilization will go
on, and that it ought to go on, and that it is not
within the power of Congress or of any depart-
ment of this Government to arrest in any way
or to any extent this tide of civilization which
is marching on irresistibly until it will meet from
the east and from the west on the very summit
of the Rocky mountains.
"^jWhat, then, Mr. Speaker, does this bill pro-
pose to do under these circumstances? Why,
sir, I think the gentleman from Minnesota
[Mr. Wisdom] is mistaken. I do not know
liom what report he read, but I believe it was
fiom the report of the peace commission of
last year; and if I am rightly apprised of the
fact, I think that these very gentlemen, from
whoso report he read, had a meeting in tho city
of Chicago not many weeks since, at which they
adopted, by a majority vote, a resolution in
favor of transferring the Indian Bureau from
the Interior to the War Department.
Mr. WINDOM. The gentleman is entirely
mistaken. I was there at the time, and I read
the report afterward, and never saw any such
thing.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I speak from
the published report in the newspapers.
Mr. WINDOM. Have they ever made to
Congress any report since that from which I
read changing their recommendation ?
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Probably not.
But this whole question was before the com-
mission, as the gentleman well knows ; for he
says he was at the meeting at Chicago no.
many weeks ago, and that peace commission
divided in the views they expressed : and tho
present Commissioner of Indian Affairs has
taken the trouble to send to members of this
and the other branch of Congress a protest
against the transfer of this bureau to the War
Department, manifesting a very extraordinary
interest in the preservation of the present
status of the Indian Bureau, which, I hesitate
not to say here, has been for some time past,
and is to-day, in its administration a standing
disgrace to this Government. Why, sir, if 1
had time I could detail in the hearing of this
House the operation of this Indian Bureau in
my own State, exhibiting a system of cot ruc-
tion and of aggression upon the rights of the
Indians and the people, and a system of public
plunder under the present administration of
the Interior Department, such as I believe has
never existed before in the history of this Gov-
ernment. It was only last winter that the Pres-
ident of the United States appointed the pres-
ent head of the Indian Bureau as chairman of
a commission to go to Kansas for the purpose
of making a treaty with the Osage Indians.
And, sir, what was the result? Why, the pres-
ent Commissioner of Indian Affairsj attended,
as I may say, by a retinue of speculators and
of public plunderers, went and got a treaty
sigued, and brought it back to this capital, by
which eight million acres of the public domain
of the State, which belongs to the people of this
country, was attempted to be stolen, and the
Indians divested of the titleat a nominal price,
and the land passed into the hands of men whose
reputation, as you well know, sir, and as this
House well knows, is notabove suspicion. Oil
this very day I have deemed it my duty to offer a
resolution to this House calling upon the Secre-
tary of the Interior for information as to the man-
ner in which these results were accomplished.
And, sir, I might go on and show to this House
and the country that not only in reference to
these Osage Indians, but in the case of nearly
every tribe of Indians in Kansas and elsewhere,
thefuuds appropriated by your Indian bills, the
funds annually appropriated here for the benefit
of these Indians, ms-ead of passing into the
