THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
hereby* authoriY.tMl and directed to pay to Massachu-
setts outpf.apy moneys in theTreasurynot otherwise
app^epriwcea the sum of $227,176 48, reported under
said resolution to be due to said State by J. R. Poin-
sett, late Secretary of War, ill a report dated the 23d
of December, 1837, made to the House of Representa-
tives tlre'zfth of December, 1837."
Therefore you will observe that this appro-
priation in 1859 to pay that balance ot the
cjfiims is twenty-two years after the Secretary
of War had reported that that balance was due;
and now I ask should we not have interest on
that account? Should we not have interest on
the principal that had been paid before and on
which we have had no interest ? Is there any rea-
son why you should treat Massachusetts differ-
ent from Virginia, differently from New York,
different from Maryland, different from Dela-
ware,, different from South Carolina. Every
one of those States, according to your statute-
book, has had an allowance of interest on its
accounts. Massachusetts alone is excepted.
Sir, 1 insist that it is not right; I insist that if
this money was due as principal to Massachu-
setts, Massachusetts has a right to receive the
interest on that principal, according to the rule
adopted with other States. You can make no
exception. You cannot have fish of one and
flesh of another. There is nothing in the his-
tory of Massachusetts that will justify this Sen-
ate in making an exception against her.
I believe I have answered every suggestion
made by the Senator from Iowa—his sugges-
tion with regard to the history of Massachu-
setts ; his suggestion with regard to the perni-
cious character of this as a precedent, and the
other suggestions. If there is any adverse
decision, any adverse argument on this ques-
tion, I am ready to meet it-
Mr. DRAKE. I ask the honorable Senator
front Massachusetts whether the principle es-
tablished in this case will not apply to all the
expenditures of the States daring the war of
the rebellion; and whether there are not mil-
lions upon millions of dollars of interest to be
paid upon those expenses if this precedent be
established ?
Mr. SUMNER. I cannot answer the ques-
tion of the Senator. If the cases are alike
then the precedent will apply. If they are
unlike, the precedent will not apply. It re-
mains to be seen whether States in the war
have borrowed money and paid interest ac-
counts for the benefit of the United States.
If they have borrowed and have paid interest
for the benefit of the United States, then the
ease would be like that of Massachusetts now.
But I put the case of Massachusetts now under
the shield and protection of all the other pre-
cedents with regard to the other States of the
Union that took part in the war of 1812. This
is the only outstanding case; it is the only one
that has not been settled ; and I put it to my
friend, the Senator from Missouri, whether he
can conscientiously say that the rule that has
been applied to every other State in the Uniou
with regard to those accounts shall not be ap-
plied to Massachusetts. On what ground will
he make an exception? On what ground will
he undertake to say (hat what is right for Vir-
ginia and South Carolina and New York and
Maryland and Delaware is not right for Mas-
sachusetts? Massachusetts has been out of
her money longer than any of the other States.
It is because the national Government toward
her has been in default. Now, shall she be
aaade to lose the whole because of the long-
continued default of the nation?
Mr. DRAKE. I ask for the reading of the
amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as fol-
lows:
And be it farther enacted, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be authorized and required to audit and
fix the interest accounts of Maine and Massachu-
setts for advances made by Massachusetts, then in-
cluding Maine, for the United States during the war
of 181245 with Great Britain upon the basis that the
claim for these advances belonged, after the separa-
tion of the two States, one third to Maine and two
thirds to .Massachusetts, and reckoning interest at
six per cent, por annum; and thathe is hereby au-
thorized and directed to pay to Maine and Massa-
chusetts, outot any money jB the Treasury not other-
Wise appropriated, sueb sums aa he shall ascertain to
be due to those States.' as herein directed to be aud-
ited and fixed: Provided, That in lieu of payment in
money the Secretary of the Treasury may at his dis-
cretion issue to these States bonds of the United
States payable in thirty years and bearing interest at
the rate of six per cent, per annum, payable semi-
annually: the principal and interest of such bonds
to be made payable in lawful money of the United
States.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to amend the amend-
ment so as to put it in exactly the same condi-
tion with the case of Maryland. I have copied
the words from the Maryland section, which is
quoted as precedent and authority. It is to add
these words:
But interest shall be allowed to the States of Mas-
sachusetts and Maine on such sums only on which
the said State of Massachusetts either paid interest
or lost interest by the transfer of an interest-bearing
fund.
Mr. CONNESS. The words "or Maine"
ought to be inserted, 1 think.
Mr. GRIMES. No ; it is right. It was all
Massachusetts at that time.
Mr. DRAKE. That is the very point on
which I intended to offer an amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; let it go on the
amendment. I accept it.
Mr. DRAKE. I merely wish to say that
that which the Senator from Massachusetts is
claiming with so much vehemence here is not
the thing that the amendment proposes to give.
The amendment as framed and sent to the
Clerk's desk allowed Massachusetts interest
upon all of her outlay, whether she paid interest
for it or not. That is the point. The objec-
tion I was going to make is obviated by the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to say that this
proposition in its original form contained the
very suggestion of the Senator from Missouri.
What was known as the Maryland rule was
embodied in it. On inquiry at the Treasury
Department it was ascertained that it was un-
necessary, that it was merely a form ; for the
Maryland rule is now the rule of the Treasury
of the United States. Therefore the proposi-
tion which I had the honor of presenting, were
it adopted precisely as I presented it, would
contain this same thing. I have no objection
to its going into the amendment.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The Maryland
rule, I believe, is the rule adopted now in all
the courts. I observe that on the 3d March,
1859, there was a certain sum voted, which I
suppose was so done at the instance of Massa-
chusetts. I mean the appropriation of 1839
read by the Senator from Massachusetts. Then
it was ascertained that the sum of §227,170 48
should be paid.
Mr. SUMNER. The principal.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It does not say
what. It says as I have read, $227,170 48,
and that was in 1859. That sum, I suppose,
was introduced into that appropriation bill at
the instance of Massachusetts. I suppose that
Massachusetts was satisfied with that sum had
it been paid. Now, I ask my friend from Mas-
sachusetts whether the amendment as intro-
duced here only contemplates interest on that
sum of $227,176 48 from 1859, or whether it
goes back of that?
Mr. SUMNER. It contemplates all the
interest that upon an examination of the ac-
count at the Treasury of the United States
shall be found due Massachusetts, nor more
nor less.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. So I under-
stand.
Mr. SUMNER. If when we go to the Treas-
ury it appears that there is interest due us I
hope under those words it will be paid. That
is my object—simply to reach the interest what
is due. Of course if on inquiry it is found
not to be due there will be nothing to be paid.
And now as to the inquiry of my friend, why
was not interest mentioned in 1859. The ob-
ject was to close the account of the principal,
and to close it on the report of the Secretary
of War in 1837. That was taken according
to the letter, and nothing was then said about
the interest. Is that different from other ac-
counts which occur so often in this Chamber ?
First secure the principal; let that be fixed ;
and then we can better afford to deal with the
question of interest.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think that
the claim of Massachusetts is contrary to all
business transactions. In 1859 there was a
settlement. There was introduced into the
appropriation bill a sum, doubtless at the in-
stance of Massachusetts, what was claimed by
her, and that was adopted. Now, to go back
of that settlement and to claim interest ante-
rior to that is contrary to all business transac-
tions. As to the suggestion of the Senator
from Massachusetts that the object was to get
the principal paid and to leave the interest un-
paid, that would be a very extraordinary pro-
ceeding, because according to strict rules of
law I suppose that interest is only an incident
to principal; and that if we stand to the strict
law, the principal being paid, there could arise
no question of interest; but of course those
two rules are not applicable. I certainly think
that there is no propriety about a claim for
interest anterior to 1859.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to ask my friend
why he will treat Massachusetts different from
Maryland? Her accounts were opened in 1857,
and what is known as the Maryland rule was
adopted. All that I ask now is that the same
rule shall be adopted towards Massachusetts.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Wecannot, when
we come to consider one case, try the case of
Maryland and all the other cases at the same
time. If the Maryland precedent was contrary
to law it ought not to be accepted as a prece-
dent. But this claim for interest anterior to
1859 for anything more than was agreed to and
accepted I think is unjust.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think my honorable
friend from New Jersey, who is too fair a man
to even make a mistake unintentionally, (if I
may use that rather awkward mode of speech,)
argues this matter rather like a lawyer. Now,
sir, let us look at the facts as they are known
to history, as everybody who has studied the
history of the time knows them to be; and
when that history is thoroughly understood by
men of the present day, and more especially by
my honorable friend from New Jersey, I trust
that the idea which he seems to convey to the
Senate will no long-er appear so very plausible
even to himself.
Does the Senator remember—the Senator
from Iowa has called the attention of the Sen-
ate to the fact—that in the time of that war
with Great Britain Massachusetts came in col-
lision with the Government of the United
States as to the question of how troops raised
within the State of Massachusetts should be
officered andwhat use shouldbemadeof them?
It made great noise at the time. The men in
power in Massachusetts in that day thought
their Governor was right. Succeeding genera-
tions have come to the conclusion, I believe,
that their Governor was wrong. It was the
action of the Federal party, so-called. I am
of Federal descent; but on looking at some of
the questions of those days I am free to say
that 1 think that party was in error and that
was one of the mistakes it made; but what
was the result of it? The result of it was that
when Massachusetts and other States came to
Congress with claims for actual advances made
for the benefitof the Government of the United
States that State was singled out by the Dem-
ocratic party, which was in a large majority,
and continued to be for a great many years long
after the Federal party, so-called, became ex-
tinct. That State came to Congress with other
States with precisely similar claims; but its
claims were rejected. The Congress of the
United States refused to pay them, not upon
the ground that the expenses had not been
incurred, not upon the ground that the money
had not been advanced, but upon the ground,
and the sole ground, that Massachusetts had
disputed the authority of the General Govern-
ment in relation to the management of its
troops.
That continued a matter of contest for many
years; and it was not until after aconsiderable
