1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1723
number of years, although persistently demand-
ed, that even a part of the just claim of the
State of Massachusetts was recognized by the
General Government and paid, and then only
partially. The balance of the claim went on
until the year 1837, or about that time. It was
then, under the authority of Congress, adjusted
at the War Department as to what amount of
claim remained to Massachusetts, not of inter-
est, but of actual payments and advances made
by the State ; and under the authority of Con-
gress the Secretary of Waraudited theaccounts
and found that a certain sum was still due for
those claims and advances. What did Congress
do? Notwithstanding that that was found to
be actually due, money paid by the Common-
wealth of Massachusetts for the benefit of the
General Government, Congress persisted year
after year in refusing to make an appropria-
tion to pay that money, which it admitted had
been advanced by the Commonwealth of Mas-
sachusetts.
I came to the Senate in 1854. The subject
was brought to my attention by an agent of the
State of Maine. After several efforts the matter
was brought forward. It was shown that these
claims had been audited; that they had been
allowed ; that there was a certain sum of money
due, according to the admission of the author-
ities of the General Government, which had
stood for twenty or thirty years unpaid, because
Congress would not make an appropriation to
pay the debt which it admitted the General
Government owed. In 1859 we succeeded in
getting an order to pay that amount.
The Senator from New Jersey asks, why did
you not get interest at the same time? I will
answer him. We did not ask for interest at that
time, simply for the reason that we were glad
enough to get the principal. It was hard enough
to get that. That was a fixed sum ; and I did
not dare to ask for interest upon that principal.
That was the simple reason. We waived no
claim ; but with the class we had to contend
against, year after year, in relation to a sum
admitted to be due by the Government of the
United States to the State of Massachusetts, I
could not undertake and it would not have been
wise for us to undertake to embarrass thatclaim
with a claim of interest.
Now, sir, what is righteous? I put it to my
honorable friend from New Jersey as a man
of conscience, as a man of honor. At that
period, 1859, Congress had paid interest to
Maryland, had paid interest to New York, had
paid interest to South Carolina, to Pennsyl-
vania, and to other States, on claims precisely
similar. They had actually paid it on moneys
borrowed by the governments of those States,
for which they had paid interest or lost interest
by the sale of an interest-bearing fund in order
to raise money for the Government of the
United States. They had paid it and they had
been in the enjoyment of it. Now, sir, having
admitted in 1837 that the Government of the
United States owed Massachusetts over two
hundred thousand dollars, would it have been
any more than honest that on that fixed sum,
admitted at that time, which they ought to have
paid at that moment, and which they did pay
to other States at that moment, they should
pay interest on every dollar of it, not on the
Maryland rule or any other rule, but on the
rule that they had admitted that sum to be due?
It had been audited at their Department and
was not disputed ; and yet, although it was not
disputed and although not one word could be
said against it, they persistently refused to pay
that money. Ought not the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts to have been in the possession
of that money in the year 1837 ? As an honest
thing, could you, as a Senator sitting here, say
that the Commonwealth of Massachusetts ought
not to have been paid that money the moment
it was ascertained what was actually due to
her ?^ And if Congress persistently refused to
pay it what ought to be the consequence ? The
ordinary, natural, equitable consequence, that
they should pay interest on that whole sum,
which they had liquidated at that time and ad-
mitted to be due to the Commonwealth of Mas-
sachusetts. Sir, I claim that the proposition
of the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
as he introduced it in the first place, if it could
be construed to give interest on the whole of
the money thus admitted to be due at that time,
whether it arose from the sale of an interest-
bearing fund or money borrowed or anything
else, would be no more than just and equitable.
It would be no more than could be claimed of
an individual. I ask my friend from New Jer-
sey, as a lawyer, what he would advise a client
to do in such a case as that, unless he took
advantage of the statute of limitations, which,
I take it, the Government of the United States
does not care to take advantage of in this case,
although there is a terrible squinting toward
that, that inasmuch as we have not got it for
many years, therefore we ought not to have it
at all. If that is equity, if that is good morals  
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will allow
me, if he alludes to me, I asked the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts whether any claim
had been made for interest. If the claim had
been made and persevered in for interest, and
the party claiming it had attended to it from
year to year and kept it alive, then there would
be no prescription or limitation against it; but
I think the ease here is that there has been 110
claim for interest. It has been omitted, aban-
doned, laid aside.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. If
the gentleman from Maine will allow me, I will
state that commissioners were appointed by
Maine and Massachusetts to settle this claim
against the Government in the very first Con-
gress after the principal was settled in 1859,
and those commissioners presented a memo-
rial, and it was referred in Congress the very
first session after the principal was settled.
Mr. FBSSENDEN. My friend from Mich-
igan will observe that we could not get the
principal.
Mr. HOWARD. That is no reason for not
claiming both principal and interest because
you could not get the principal.
Mr. FESSENDBN. Perhaps not; but was
it not hard enough to be put off for twenty odd
years ; and what chance had we to be heard
until we could establish to the satisfaction of
an existing Congress the fact that we were en-
titled to the principal? They would notadmit
that. There was the difficulty. They would
not admit that we should have a dollar of the
amount which had been liquidated and allowed
us on paper by the General Government un-
der the authority of Congress, but for a period
of more than twenty years refused to pay that
balance for no other reason in the world than
because they said they would noL.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will pardon
me, I will call his attention to the report of Mr.
Poinsett, from which it appears that in 1817
the State was paid $11,000, and in 1831 the
State was paid $419,748 26. So it does not
appear that there was any very long hesitation
on the part of Congress to recognize the claim.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That small amount that
was paid in 1817 had no reference to the ques-
tion which I have now been discussing. Those
were disputed claims ; but the great mass of
the claims were paid as I tell you. A portion
was paid as the Senator says at that time, but
it left an unsettled portion which Congress
would not pay. That unsettled portion was
liquidated in 1837, and from 1837, after the
liquidation, we could not get a dollar even of
the principal. Now the idea of throwing it in
our faces when Congress was refusing to admit
that the principal was due that we ought to
have embarrassed our claim with interest at
that time is demanding a little too much of us
and holding us to rather too strict a rule. I sub-
mit to my honorable friend what chance would
we have had for such a "claim?" Weacted,
I take it, with as much good sense as we could
bring to bear on the question in order to make
the whole thing succeed.
I say, therefore, sir, as I was saying when
interrupted by my honorable friend, that in
justice and equity we ought to have this six
per cent, interest from the year 1837, when
that, liquidation .was made. The claim would
be good in a court of law in the case of a
private party, as my honorable friend knows.
The claim would be good anywhere; and if
this had been a suit to be adjusted as ordinary
suits are it would have carried interest by the
ruling of any court. There is no question about
that at all. Now, the argument is, that because
Congress refused to pay its own liquidated and
admitted debts at a particular .time, we are to
lose interest for the reason that we did not ask
for interest at that particular period. What is
the sequence or the sequel ? Why, sir, during
these years, half a dozen other States, as I said
before, came forward and demanded interest.
The State of New York demanded interest and
the State of New York had it—interest on the
money that it had borrowed and for which it
had paid interest, interest on the money that
it had raised by the sale of an interest-bearing
fund. That was paid and given to New York.
So it was with the State of Maryland. So it
was with the other States I have mentioned.
Every one of them had it. Massachusetts did
not have it; and why ? Massachusetts did not
have it because Congress fought the principal.
They paid the principal in the other cases,
paid it when it became due, paid it when it was
liquidated. No claim for interest was made
then. Why was not the objection made? They
got their money. Massachusetts did not get
hers for the reason I have stated. After they
had received their money upon that very, rule
these States came forward and claimed that
they should have interest on the principle of
this measure as it stands now amended at the
suggestion of my honorable friend from .Mis-
souri, and long before 1809.
Then, sir, we having succeeded at last jn
1859 in getting our principal, as the other
States had got theirs, we came forward at once
with precisely the same claim that these other
States had and said this: "Now, at last you
have paid us our principal; you paid the prin-
cipal to these other States long ago ; they had
their money; now we ask our interest, because
you paid the interest to these States long ago;
they had their money; put us precisely on the
footing that you have put other States of this
Union ; deal with us justly and honestly as you
have dealt by others." That is all we ask in
relation to this matter. Sir, from 1859, through
our Legislature, through bills in Congress,
through applications of one sort and another,
we have kept this claim alive and are determ-
ined to keep it alive until we find out, once.for
all, whether Massachusetts is to be treated as
other States have been treated in relation to
this matter.
I say, then, Mr. President, that it is a question
merely of common, ordinary justice as between
man and man. My honorable friend from Iowa
talks about the precedent. The precedent has
been established over and over again. He talks
about the effect of the precedent in future.
Sir, if other Stages exist which have similar
claims they are just claims, and the Govern-
ment must pay whatever they may amount to,
in whatever war incurred, on the same princi-
ple. There is no justice in anything else ; and
I apprehend that the difficulty is not so very
serious as he imagines. We ask nothing but
the payment of a debt.
Gentlemen have said considerable here about
this railroad business. Now let me ask them
to look at that a moment. This railroad is one
of the few railroads in the United States which
is of a national character. It is a road leading
from Bangor, in the State of Maine, to the line
of New Brunswick, to conuect with a road that
leads first to St. John's, New Brunswick, and
then to Halifax, in Nova Scotia, one of the
most important roads that can possibly be made
of national importance. In New Brunswick
the road is nearly made ; the province has
appropriated $10,000 a mile to the making of
it and it is progressing, it is almost to the line.
What will be the result if we cannot join it?
They will go up through the British territory
as they are now trying to do and connect with
Canada instead of coming on to the United
