1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
hands ofthe Indians, underthe present admin-
istration of tlie I dian Bureau, pass into the
hands of men who to-day, if not sitting in your
Interior Department and Indian Bureau, sur-
round and control those men in the adminis-
tration of Indian affairs. Sir, I have no hope
of any reform by which the Indiau question in
this country will be settled, and by which a
system of economy founded upon just princi-
ples as connected with this question may be
established, except by transferring this bureau
from the Interior Department to the control of
the War Department, as provided in this bill.
Mr. W1NDOM. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Certainly.
Mr. WiNDOM. I desire to ask him whether
General Grant cannot appoint an honest Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs as well asdetail ail
honest military officer, or do shoulder-straps
insure honesty always?
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Well, in refer-
ence to the question of appointments, I have
watched it quite attentively during the last
three or four years, and I will say in reply to
my friend from Minnesota that 1 have about
given up all hope of reform in reference to that
question; and my experience is that I have
known but very few men under this Adminis-
tration obtain an appointment as an Indian
agent or under the Indian Bureau simply for
the purpose of receiving the salary connected
with the office.
Mr. WiNDOM. The gentleman does not
answer my question. Are we any more likely
to get honest men with shoulder-straps than
honest men without them 1
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. The difference
is this: our military officers are under the
restraints of military law. They are appointed
for life ; they have reputations to maintain as
officers of the Army, whereas your civil ap-
pointees may be men who obtain these offices
because they desire to make money out of the
Government and to plunder the Government,
and when their plundering is over drop out of
sight without any punishment whatever.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I now yield five min-
utes to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Paine.]
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I am in favor
ofthe transfer of the Indian department to the
Department of War, but there is in this bill
one feature to which I wish to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, suggesting to him a change.
By the second section of his bill he provides
that officers of the Army who shall be intrusted
with those duties which have hitherto been
conferred upon the officers of the Indian Bu-
reau as such shall not be required to give the
bonds which have hitherto been required of
officers performing corresponding duties who
belong to the Indian Bureau, or who are
appointees of the Interior Department. It is
provided, however, in this bill that these
officers shall be held responsible under the
Articles of War. Now, I can see no reason why
in this bill we should deviate from the usage
which has uniformly prevailed in the Army of
requiring a bond from those officers whose
duty it has been to disburse money, to pur-
chase supplies, or to handle or manage prop-
erty. We have hitherto required bonds from
officers of the quartermaster's department, and
bonds from officers of the commissary depart-
ment, and bonds from officers of the pay de-
partment. And now, why in this bill should
we intrust the disposition of large sums of
money to officers who give no bonds, deviating
from the rule which has always obtained in
this Government, so far as the War Depart-
ment is concerned? Why should not the
officer who is required by this bill to disburse
large sums to the Indians be required to give
bonds just as the officer of the pay department,
or the officer of the commissary department,
or the officer of the quartermaster's depart-
ment has hitherto been required, and is now
required, to give bonds to cover a like respons-
ibility? I would suggest to the gentleman,
then, that in the seventeenth line of the second
section he strike out the word "not." The
sentence provides that—
Officers of the .Army designated to perform the
duties of commissioner, superintendent, agent, or
sub-agent shall not be required to give the bonds
now required of civil appointees, but shall be re-
sponsible for any neglect or maladministration
according to the Rules and Articles of \Var.
I would suggest that the word." not" be
stricken out, so that these officers may be re-
quired to give bonds. I am aware that the bill
is not in such a position now that I can myself
offer the amendment I have suggested but I
will yield the floor, making this request of the
gentleman in charge of this bill: that he shall
explain to the House the reason, if he has a
good reason, why these officers are not to be
required to give bonds as other Army officers
in like circumstances have hitherto been
required to do.
Mr. GARFIELD. I now yield for ten
minutes to my colleague from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck,] the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Min-
nesota [Mr. Wixdom] is very much mistaken,
so far at least as some of us are concerned,
including himself, of course, when he states
that this is a new question, for the discussion
of which gentlemen here are not prepared.
He remembers, as I do, that this is an old
question.
Mr. WINDOM. I said it was an old ques-
tion.
Mr. SCHENCK. In the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress this very bill, with slight alterations, if
any, was passed twice by the House of Repre-
sentatives ; once as a substitute for a bill
reported by the gentleman from Minnesota,
[Mr. Wisdom,] as chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and at another time upon
its otvn merits, as a distinct bill upon the Cal-
endar. And it failed to become a law only
because of the opposition it met with in the
other branch of the national Legislature. It is
therefore not a new question to members to
propose to restore to the War Department a
bureau which was formerly connected with
that Department—thisBureati oflndian Affairs;
and I shall support this bill now, as I did a
similar bill upon a former occasion, because I
believe there is no reform proposed to this
House so effective to' break up a foul nest of
thieves as the passage of a law of this kind
would be.
I do not know why it is, but it seems almost
impossible for Indian affairs to be touched
without soiling as with pitch those who lay
hold of the subject. But the fact, at least, is
incontestible, and it appears to me that the
whole country is now prepared to conclude
that we have tried this system of civil admin-
istration long enough. It is true, as the gen-
tleman from Minnesota [Mr. Wisdom] has
said, that a report was made by a committee, or
acommission rather, of which General Sherman
was one member, hesitating upon the question
of throwing back into the War Department the
whole administration of this subject. But the
quotation made by the gentleman, as^ well as
the text in connection with that quotation from
that report, will show him that it was a com-
promise of opinion between General Sherman
and others on the commission with him and
some civilians who were also engaged on that
same commission. But even the quotation the
gentleman makes does not sustain him. He
says General Sherman states that if you want
war, then the administration of the Indian
Bureau should be thrown into the War Depait-
ment. That is not the statement made by that
commission. Iti^: t(If we are to have war,
then by all means the Indian Bureau should be
transferred to the War Department." But if
everything is to go along and be lovely and of
good report, and there is to be no difficulty,
then, perhaps, you may succeed—" with a great
deal of stealing" ought to be. interjected—by
continuing it under the civil administration.
If we are to have war, however, then by all
means let the Indian Bureau go back to the
War Department.
Now, sir, the Indians have settled that ques-
tion for US'. We are not only .to have.war,
but we now have war. And instead of killing
two Indians I think a great many have been
killed as a consequence of these hostilities, ,
The gentleman's remarks made- to-day pre-
cisely resemble those be made in, the last Con-
gress. Bat the facts have changed, and his
present remarks do not fit the new history.
Mr. WiNDOM. Will the gentleman tell
me how many Indians have been killed?"
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot tell how many,
because I have not the statistics. But from
recent information which has been received I
believe that one hundred and fifty or more
Indians have been killed, at one time, and in
one engagement.
Mr. WiNDOM. And that will prove, I have
no doubt, another Sand Creek massacre, when
the facts of the case are known.
Mr. SCHENCK. Now, sir, I wish to state
what to my mind is a strong inducement for
restoring this bureau to the War Department.
Your Indian agents are interested in getting
up war, and the history of the Indian depart-
ment shows that in about nine cases out of ten
where we have had Indian hostilities they
have been either provoked or encouraged or
connived at, for the sake of contracts, by these
Indian agents and sub-agents and their friends.
When we get into war, then the Army is ealled
upon to settle the difficulty by fighting it out.
The officers of the Army will not, of course,
desire to have war, it' they are to undergo the
exposure and peril and suffering and death
consequent upon a state of hostilities. Let
those, then, who have to fight the matter out,
and who are interested in keeping the peace,
be charged with the administration of this
department, and we shall not have a parcel of
corrupt civilians getting up the wars which
give no peril to them after they have been
commenced, but which are to be left to others
to fight out to the end. Let the Army officers,
who must fight out these wars with the Indians,
know in advance that they can prevent them
if they will, and we shall not be so Hkely to
have war.
Now, sir, my friend from Wisconsin [Mr.
Paine] objects to one particular section of
this bill, the section which provides that the
officers of the Army designated to perform the
duties of commissioner, superintendent, &c.,
shall not be required to give bond. _ Referring
to the first part of the section, it will be found
that it is left within the power of the Secretary
of War to give up gradually, or abruptly if be
will, all employment of civilians in these dif-
ferent offices and to substitute by detail for
this purpose officers of the Army of the United
States. If he shall thus discontinue the em-
ployment of civilians who give bonds—and
whose bonds do not appear to have done us
any very great degree of good, either in main-
taining peace or in securing a wise and honest
administration of Indian affairs—and shall
employ by detail officers of the Army, it seems
to me appropriate that these colonels,^ majors,
captains, lieutenants, &c., shall be lettto that
responsibility which is imposed upon them as
officers of the Army. _ _
Mr. Speaker, I have very little faith in offi-
cial bonds at any time. I am notquite certain,
so far at any rate as elective officers are con-
cerned, but that the system of official bonds is
all wrong, and that the people, or their agents
who select other agents, should suffer if the
agents are corrupt, so that the people and those
who serve them mighttake warning and employ
only good men. But if you want security ia
this case, this bill proposes a very much better
security than any ever derived from any bond
given by anybody. Under the present system
who are appointed Indian agents? Broken-
down lawyers, physicians who cannot get prac-
tice, men who have been busy at the polls in
our several districts and who come to us and"
beg us to solicit tor tliein from the Department
of the Inteiior an appointment of that kind,
