ITU
USE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar el 1,
States. It is dfias m«eh importance to the
business of the eOutitry as sfcaoatany read that
can be mad% cotinecting the business of all
those provinces with New- York and the other
States of the Union. I have a map on my desk
which shows wHat that road is. It is unques-
tionably of great national importance. The
persons who are engaged in building it cannot
build it with their own means. Mark you, it
does not stand as roads in the West do which
have made checker-boards of almost every
western State, cutting them up into small
squares. They can get the public lands ; they
have had the public lands to assist them in
making their roads, not roads of national im-
portance in the same point of view as this is.
Nobody has voted the lands of the United States
to those' roads more freely than the Senators
from New England and the Senators from the
Atlantic border. We have never disputed the
value of the improvements thus projected. I
have said repeatedly here in my place, "It is
useless to contend against this thing, and I
give up the lands for the benefit of the improve-
ments of the West;" and they have had them
and used them and derived all the advantage
from them ; and they have bad them of so great
importance m the building of their roads that
the roads could not have been built without
them; and they are enjoying, and We are enjoy-
ing, those facilities, I grant that they are a
benefit to us.
Now, sir, we claim no such thing. We have
no interest in> the public lands. There are
none of them in our,State ; and what do the
States of Massachusetts and Maine do, which
is thrown at them by way of reproach by hon-
orable gentlemen here? In the first place, on
account of the national importance of this road,
the States of Massachusetts and Maine gave it
all the lands which they had that were unset-
tled, for they owned considerable in the upper
part of the State of Maine. They gave the
company all there was left to take. They are
not worth much; but the enterprise has the
benefit of them so far as they go. Then the
States had claims against the United States
which they have been pressing for years. One
is what was called the timber claim which
the State lost under the Ashburton treaty;
another was this interest claim. The States
of Massachusetts and Maine said this road to
unite with the provinces of New Brunswick
and Nova Scotia is of very great importance :
let it take our timber claim and make the most
of it. I think Congress allowed that claim last
year.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. No;
the claim allowed last year was for .lands lost
under the treaty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was for quieting
land titles in the State of Maine about which
there was no sort of dispute the moment the
Senate understand it. It was passed over and
over again here, and we finally got that. This
claim was given for the saijje purpose at the
same time. The States of Massachusetts and
Maine said by law, " Here we give you the
benefit of this claim toward making the road ;
if we get this claim"—for this is the amount
of the law—"we. will let you have the money
as fast as you build the road ; $10,000 a mile
as far as itgoes." We ask nothing of the Gen-
eral Government to aid in the construction of
theroad. Isitamatterof reproach to those two
States that they are willing to appropriate their
own means out of their own treasury? because
it is substantially so ; their claims are validand
good, and they are willing to make this appro-
priation for the purpose of this national work.
Is that to be made a matter of reproach, and
by:Senators who have had the benefit in their
own States of millions and millions of acres of
pwMie lands? I trust not. I think that the
public generosity and public spirit of those two
States ought to be, and I trust will be appre-
ciated by gentlemen upon this floor better than
that, and that they will not remind us that
we are asking favors of the Congress of the
United Statesthey will not say to us after
what they have received themselves that we
come here begging, when as a mere matter o f
fact we come here and say, " Pay us the debt
that the United States owe us; treat us as you
have treated all the other States of this Union ;
pay to us what you have detained from us up
to this period of time; and instead of putting
it into the State treasury we put it into a pub-
lic work, which is for the benefit not only of
our own States but of the whole country as
much so as any other road that can possibly
be imagined or laid down upon the map."
This is the simple question, and I want the
Senate to understand it, and when gentlemen
talk of our making claims, and the number of
these claims, and all that, I wish them to
understand that they have been made for years
and years because they were just and honest,
and not because we desired to take anything
out of the General Government that did not
belong to us.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish the honorable Sen-
ator would inform us whether there is such dis-
position made of this interest-money which is
now claimed at the hands of Congress as will
insure its application to the construction of
the railroad to which he refers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly, bylaw.
Mr. HOWARD. By the law of both States?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir ; by the law of
both States.
Mr. HOWARD. So that there is no danger
of its being perverted to any other use?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not a particle; only
they hold it in their own hands to be paid out—
$10,000 a mile as the road is built. New
York will be benefited as much as Massachu-
setts, and any of these States will be benefited
as much as Maine. Trade will come through
from the British provinces. It connects us
with those provinces by a link that cannot be
broken, and moreover it prevents the forma-
tion of a link between the upper and lower
provinces themselves, which would be very dis-
astrous to us when carried out.
Mr. GRIMES. Why?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because when theroad
is once made this way the travel will come this
way, and the great expense of a road off toward
Canada and their distance from market will
make it unwise to do it. This road will not
be built for military defense, because the Gov-
ernment will not do it for that.
Mr. GRIMES. That is the title of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the title I know.
I suppose there is a little ad captandum about
tbe title. The fact is that the Government
never raised its hand, and we do not expect
them to do it, toward building the road ; and
the Senator knows that very well. We are not
asking that; we are asking the Government to
pay us an honest debt that we may do a thing
from which the whole United States are to de-
rive benefit. That is the simple question, and
I want it understood by all the members of the
Senate that when we present this matter we
present it in that light only and no other.
Sir, I have said all that I desired to say on
this subject.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not think.
Mr. President, that this claim is at all to be
prejudiced by the fact that the States of Massa-
chusetts and Maine propose to apply the pro-
ceeds of the claim to a railroad, and it ought
not to be thrown up in opposition to the claim.
Neither do I think that the claim or its strength
ought to be supplemented and aided by telling
us what use the States mean to make of the
money. The question is whether the United
States Government, according to the principles
of law and according to the principlesof justice
and conscience, owes this money to the State
of Massachusetts, and that is the question which
my friend has addressed to me. In 1859 the
States of Maine and Massachusetts agreed with
the national Government that this sum should
be liquidated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir. ,The Senator
is mistaken about that. It was long before.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. One minute, if
you please. I say in 1859 ihey agreed that
this sum should be liquidated at $227,000. I
say so for this reason—I do not think I mis-
take it, I think we have a right to infer, I think
we may consider it as proven—that if there is
introduced into an appropriation bill a sum
that is going to a State, that sum has been in-
troduced at the instance and direction and
request of that State; and in 1859 that was
the sum introduced in the appropriation bill.
Therefore I do not think there is any mistake
in that statement.
But further, Mr. President, I understand my
learned friend to say that they did not dare to
ask for the interest at that time; that they were
afraid it would jeopardize the whole claim ; a
statement which goes directly to prove the cor-
rectness of my statement that that was thesum
agreed upon; because if two parties get to-
gether to settle a disputed question and one
party because he does not think it prudent, or
because he does not dare, or does not think it
is his interest to make the claim more than
he asks, thereby waives that claim.
There had previous to this been objections
made to this whole claim. The whole claim
had been disputed. These objections were
waived by the General Government in consid-
eration of the sum which these States agreed
to take, and after that sum had been fixed by
the General Government under thatsettlement,
that account stated, that balance struck, the
State of Massachusetts and the State of Maine
received the money which was paid them, and
after they got the money, and ten years after
the considerations which led to that settlement
have elapsed, they come forward and present
considerations and make a claim which they
admit they did not dare to make at the time.
I say that it is according to law, it is according
to justice that the two parties to that settlement
should each be held to the settlement which
they have made.
Further, Mr. President, we do not plead the
statute of limitations, but when fifty years have
elapsed since the claim arose, when ten years
have elapsed since the settlement of 1859,
when the considerations which led to that set-
tlement have all passed away, I think it is
according to conscience and judgment as well
as law to say that both parties shall be held by
that settlement, and especially so when we see
that this would be a precedent to many claims
having equal equity. Why there is not a rep-
resentative of any State of this Union here
who will not feel it his duty, if the Treasury is
thus to be visited, to go to his home and tell
his State to seek among the archives of the
State whether there is notsome claim of interest
whieh they may bring against the General Gov-
ernment, in order that they may get their share
of the spoils, as they have to bear their part
of the burdens of taxation, and if it is no bar
to a claim of this kind that ten years ago it was
settled by the acquiescence of both parties—
the State not dariug to ask more, the national
Government not willing to give more—if that
is no bar there is no end to the multitude of
claims of this character that may be made upon
the Treasury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One word in reply to
my honorable friend. I have heard many
arguments like that oil this floor on different
occasions, but I never heard one of that kind
before from him, and he is the last man from
whom I expected it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Never mind
personalities ; answer the argument.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not addressed to
the merits of the case. Let me ask my friend
a question. Suppose for any reason, political
or otherwise, something perhaps in the conduct
of New Jersey, the United States Government
should refuse for twenty years to pay her for
her advances daring the late war, would not
pay her a dollar when it paid all the other
States precisely similar claims, and at the end
of the twenty years it should liquidate the
claim and pay it, would he not think the State
ought to have interest? Or suppose the United
States liquidated it and then refused to pay it
after liquidating it for twenty years more,
agreed upon the amount and then for twenty
