im
Tffl; (•timimmm.m 'globe.
Mnrtffi 1',
as the militiaofNew Hampshire were destitute
©f arm s and in ft State of i n sribo r d in ati o n.
Orders were promptly issued calling oot two
hundred and fifty men from Yoti, Kittery, and
the vicinity, and the expenses of this service
amounted to $14,174 97. This was a false
alarm, the men had no fighting to do. In the
course of the same lponth, April, 1814, there
were alarms at various other places and the
inhabitants at many points applied to the com-
missioners for sea-coast defenses to furnish
arms to equip men in eases of emergency.
Among these were Augusta, Bristol, Wiscassett,
and Bath, and on these occasions detachments
of militia were ordered out and arms furnished
as requested. -
So I might go through all the items. They
aggregate $822,173-97, claimed'of the United
States, every dollar of which was subsequently
paid. I have looked over these items, and so
far as I can see from a cursory examination
every item was for mere local defense. It does
not appear that any of these expenses were for
any matter that related to anything beyond
local defense. Nearly all the items were for
expenses of the militia of Massachusetts called
out, and very properly called out, to defend
the northern border. Why, sir, during the
late rebellion at one time seventy-five thou-
sand men were called out in Ohio to defend her
people against an anticipated attack on Cin-
cinnati—the "squirrel hunters," as they were
called, and they were never paid.
Mr. MORTON. They were not paid by the
State of Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. They were not paid at
all. These men did not expect pay. Now,
let us see what is the history of this claim and
whether the Government has not dealt fairly
by Massachusetts. It seems that in 1817 a
small amount of this claim, $11,000, was paid.
Subsequently, on the 2d of March, 1831, $419,-
748 26 was paid under the act of 1830. And
let me state here that the same rules were
applied to the adjustment of the claim of Mas-
sachusetts as were applied to the adjustment
of the claims of New York. The law fixing
the manner in which the accounts should be
made up was passed in 1826. It was a general
law. The Senator read from it in the fourth
volume of the statutes. The $419,000 was not
adjusted and allowed until five years after the
passage of that law, and that amount was then
paid to Massachusetts as it was believed by the
accounting officers in full satisfaction of the
claim. But Massachusetts still insisted upon
a further claim because the whole amount she
Sresented had not been allowed, and finally
[r. Poinsett, Secretary of War, on the 23d
December, 1837, made a very brief report show-
ing the amount still due. I will read from his
report. He says:
"In compliance with the resolution of the House
of Representatives, of March, 1836. X have examined
the claims of the State of Massachusetts for militia
services and expenditures during the late war with
Great Britain, aud have now the following report:
"The original amount of these claims was $843,-
349 60, which by a payment of811,000 in 1817, and one
of S419.748 26 in 1831, was reduced to $112,601 34, which
is still claimed."
And now I call the particular attention of
tlie Senator from Massachusetts to what fol-
lows:
" Of this sum it appears, upon applying the same
principles which have governed this Department in
the settlement of similar claims made by other
States"—
And all the States were settled with prior to
this report of Mr. Poinsett.
Mr. SUMNER. Not Maryland.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will come to Maryland
after a while. Maryland had been settled with
before this time, however. Mr. Poinsett says
that applying the same principles to this claim
of Massachusetts that had been applied to the
claims of the other States, "there will be due
$272,716 14."
For some reason there was no appropriation
of money then, and Massachusetts presented
the claim, as she had a right to do, until in 1859
it was paid to her every dollar upon the basis
pf this report of Mr. Poinsett.
. Now-, 'sir, what preteHs6- dr ground'is
for Hay addition to thrf eteiia them paid ?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. Al-
low me to eorrect the Senator. He has mis-
stated the Report he has inrhis hands ;• undoubt-
edly by mistake.
Mr. SHERMAN. I read it. •
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. In-
stead of an allowance amounting to $843,000
it iff $657,869 40, as I have just reckoned it up.
Mr. SHERMAN. Here it is in black and
white:
"The original amount of these 'claims was $843,-
349 60, which by a payment of 811,000in 1817, and one
of $419,748 26 in 1831,.wasreduced to $112,60.1 34,which
is still claimed. Of this sum it appeals, upon apply-
ing the same principles'Which have governed- this
$45,339 60 being for arms and equipments purchased
by the State, arms, &e., to the value of that amount
must be charged to the State and be withheld-from
its qu ota under the act of 1808 for arming and equip-
ping the militia. And all warlike stores remaining
in the State which are paid for by the General Gov-
ernment must be delivered up to the possession and
use of the United States."
It is true as shown by this report that all the
claim of Massachusetts was not allowed. Nor
do they now come here to claim that which, was
in excess of the report; but everything that was
due, upon the principle that was applied to
other States, was allowed by Mr. Poinsett in
his report, aud subsequently paid.
Now, what was the case presented by the
State of Maryland? I remember it well, al-
though my legislative experience here is short.
In 1857, in just the way we are now legislating,
at the heel of the session a claim in behalf of
the State of Maryland was put in an appro-
priation bill, if I remember rightly, in this
branch of Congress, and carried through and
sent to the other House. I was a member of
the other Hous^i then, and opposed the pas-
sage of that claim on the ground that it opened
up settled questions; but in the hurry of the
closing scenes of the session the claim of
Maryland was allowed ; and upon what ground ?
You have it here in the statute: on the ground
that Maryland had appropriated a portion of
her school fund, a trust fund, and had used it
for the defense of the country at the time of
the attack on Baltimore, and as that fund was
drawing interest the State of Maryland thereby
lost interest, and so it was a case of peculiar
equity. That was the case as I now remember
it, and as you will see, by the limitation put
upon the claim in the act, it was to reimburse
Maryland for the application of a trust fund.
The situation of Massachusetts was very differ-
ent from that of Maryland. Maryland was
actually invaded by the British in 1814. Almost
within sight of this Capitol a battle was fought,
and our troops were defeated and the Capitol
building was burnt to the ground by the Brit-
ish. Maryland was overrun by the enemy.
Massachusetts never was trodden by a hostile
foe during that whole war.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
A town in Massachusetts was captured, un-
happily.
Mr. SHERMAN. What town?
• Mr. SUMNER. Castine.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was a very insig-
nificant affair.
Mr. DRAKE. Castine was in Maine.
Mr. SUMNER. Maine was then part of
Massachusetts.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is manifest that the
cases of Maryland and Massachusetts are very
different. An appeal was made to us in behalf
of Maryland to allow her claim, to refund the
State interest it had paid, or to make good the
interest on a fund which the State had taken
from its school children. Is that the case of
Massachusetts? Certainly not; and yet the
precedent established in the case of Maryland
in 1857 is now urged in behalf of this claim.
But, sir, in 1859, two years after this'precedent
was established, we again had another set-
tlement with Massachusetts of this identical
claim. Then she again presented the last item
of this account and we paid it to her. "Up to
that date she never had claimed one dollar of
interest. rlhavefhere tSie report of Mr. Wil-
son, <the Third Auditor, to that effect, under
date-of June 28, 1869. * It will be found on
page 83of the report made in the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, which has been referred to :
"It does not appear by either of the settlements
(copies of which I have herewith) that any interest
was allowed, nor is there any evidence on file in this
office that any demand was made by the State for
interest." ■
That was in 1866, only two years ago. Two
years after the Maryland precedent was estab-
lished, when if there were any peculiar claitn
on' the part of Massachusetts which entitled
her to tbe special relief granted to Maryland
it could have been presented—tw"o years, after
interest was allowed to Maryland under pecu-
liar circumstances—the balance of the claim of
Massachusetts was paid. Although the re-
port of Mr. Poinsett was controverted, still
the amount was paid, and no demahd was
then made for interest. Now, the question is
whether we shall reopen the account and allow
interest and make a new precedent applying
to the State of Massachusetts an exceptional
rule. It will open the door for reopening all
the settlements made during this war, because
I say to yoil, Senators, that if this claim is
allowed to the State of Massachusetts you can-
not refuse to apply the same rule to tbe other
States, and you must allow interest to Ohio
and to Missouri, and to all the other States
which have made advances during the late
war. Massachusetts will lose by this opera-
tion. Massachusetts' share in the payment
of the claims that will be presented imder this
precedent will be greater than the total amount
that she will receive under this amendment.
She had better build this railroad through that
region up in Maine than establish a precedent
which, in my judgment, will eventually add
largely to the public debt.
In the settlement of claims between the
States and the Government the Government
has never paid interest except under peculiar,
limited rules; and, so far as the official evidence
before us is concerned, the same rules have
been applied to this claim of Massachusetts that
have been applied to all the other States.
Sir, this is a dangerous, yes, more than a
dangerous experiment which is now attempted
to be made by fastening this claim upon the
Army appropriation bill at a time when the
legislative appropriation bill, the miscellaneous
appropriation bill, and all the great money bills
of the session are still unsettled.
I do not wish to discuss this matter. I do
not see how the question of building the rail-
road referred to has anything to do with the
case. I am in favor of building the railroad.
If the Senator offered this as a distinct grant
of public money to aid in building a railroad
in that region, I would rather vote twice the
amount than establish this precedent. I have
no doubt the railroad ought to be built. Friends
and constituents of mine are engaged partly in
the enterprise. But, sir, we dare not establish a
precedent of this kind for twice the cost of build-
ing that railroad. My friend from' Maine alluded
to the rule that had been adopted in regard to the
western States, of giving lands f(jr railroads. Let
the people of Maine who own the land up in that
country apply the same rule in the construction
of this road that the Government has applied in
building neW railroads in the western country.
Let them give half their land and double the
price ofwhat remains and they will make money
by the operation, as the United States Govern-
ment has always done. -Tbe Government has
made large sums of money by giving one half
of its lands in order to double the price of the
other half. • In the State of Illinois, which is
referred to, there Were lands which' had been
surveyed for twenty "or thirty years, and re-
mained unsold until by the graduation 'system
they were brought down to twenty-five or twelve
and a half cents an acre. When this policy
of land grants was adopted by which half the
land was given and the other half put up to
double the minimum price, to $2 60 an acre,
the result was that in five years after that grant
was made not a single acre of * public land
