1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■1727
could be found on the whole line of that rail-
road ; every acre of it was absorbed at $2 50
or more, and the railroad company, becoming
seized by this grant of a vast amount of land,
sold some of it as high as twenty dollars an
acre, if I am not mistaken—much of it at ten
or fifteen dollars. I have no doubt that by local
aid of the States of Maine and Massachusetts
to the bnildingofthisroad, with the application
of a liberal land grant by the people and the
counties and the States, they can, without
reviving a dangerous claim of this kind, and
attaching it to a very important appropriation
bill at this period, build that road, as I hope
they will. But, sir, this is too serious a matter,
in the view I take of it, to establish a prece-
dent that in future time will be made the occa-
sion, as the precedent in the case of Maryland
is now being, of unlimited and boundless appro-
priations of the public money.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I do not wish to enter into the argument of this
question again, and I have but a word to say
in answer to the inquiry which was put with a
good deal of point by the Senator from Maine
as to what would be my course of action if the
party was the State of New Jersey instead of
the State of Massachusetts. I would with all
respect say, Mr. President, that I understand
myself to be a Senator of the United States,
and I would pay as much regard to a claim
from Massachusetts or from Maine as to one
from New Jersey. But that that declaration
may not rest upon my assertion alone I would
remind the Senator that the State of New
Jersey has to-day just as good a claim as the
States of Maine and Massachusetts for a sim-
ilar claim, and so has every other State of this
Union that for the last eight years has been
advancing its millions, and who has settled
with the national Government without interest.
We are now about to establish a precedent
which will cost this Government hundreds of
millions, unless the States of Maine and Mas-
sachusetts are to be favorites with the General
Government.
I will say further that if I, as the repre-
sentative of the State of New Jersey in 1859,
had agreed that the sum to be paid on such a
claim should be $227,000, no matter what
might have been the motive that led me to that
conclusion, whether it was because I did not
dare to ask more, or whether because it was
hard to get a measure through Congress, or
whether because there were objections to the
claim by reason of the fact that the money had
been spent in defense of the Slates rather than
of the national Government; no matter what
might have been the motive which prompted
tne to that settlement, I would have considered
myself bound in justice and in honor to stand
by the settlement.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me say to the Sen-
ator from New Jersey that I, too, if there had
been any such settlement in 1859, would stand
by it; but that is an assumption of his. That
he assumes, and repeats, and reiterates. He
says it over and over, but he does not make
out the fact. There was no settlement in 1859,
no agreement.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. My assertion
does not make out the fact, but the record
makes out the fact.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The record does not
make out the fact. That I dispute, notwith-
standing the assertion of the honorable Sen-
ator from New Jersey, repeated by the honor-
able Senator from Ohio. It is no such thing.
That is an assumption. The fact was that the
money was admitted to be due on the book.
All that we asked for was not an act to pay
that any further than to make an appropriation
for what was admitted to be due. That was
ail there was of it, a mere appropriation to pay
it. That was no settlement. It did not take
the shape or form of a settlement in any pos-
sible way.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Then this would
*1?^ sektlement. In 1859 the Congress of
the United States appropriated to be paid to
the State of Maine and the State of Massa-
chusetts every farthing that either or both of
those States had ever asked for.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator does not
state it right now. The State of Massachusetts
had been claiming that her accounts should be
settled and paid. Up to that time they never
had been settled and paid. They had been
adjusted in 1837 to a certain point, and a bal-
ance was due. Of course that adjustment said
nothing about interest; that was a question
for legislation ; but it found under the law that
a certain amount was due. That stood so for
a number of years, and finally, after the lapse
of more than twenty years, after having asked
for it repeatedly, year after year almost, an
appropriation was made to pay that which was
admitted to be due. Now, because one claim
is appropriated for and paid, does it follow
that that is a receipt in full for everything else ?
That is an inference of the honorable Senator
and not the fact. I take issue with him right
there. His argument is founded upon an as-
sumption, which assumption is not borne out
by the facts, in my judgment. Of course,
however, every Senator will draw his own
inference.
Mr. DltAKE. Will the honorable Senator,
while he is discussing this part of the case,
allow me to make an inquiry of him in connec-
tion with it, that he may treat it now and avoid
my saying anything about it hereafter?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will do so ; but there
are other gentlemen to speak.
Mr. DRAKE. I merely wish to know of the
honorable Senator from Maine whether, if a
man having a claim against another accepts
the full principal of that claim, it is not a per-
fectly recognized principle of law that in ac-
cepting the full principal and making no claim
for interest he abandons all the claim for
interest^
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; not unless he
he says so.
Mr. DRAKE. I take issue with the honor-
able Senator there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A man by taking one
part of a debt does not give a receipt in full
for the other part.
Mr. CONKLING. But if he presents the
claim in that form he does.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He is not bound to
present it in that way. This was presented in
the form always usual hero. When a State has
a claim for advances against the General Gov-
ernment what does it do? It brings forward
its items and calls for an account; th.itaecount
is taken ; it says nothing about interest. Mas-
sachusetts, the Senator will remember, brought
forward every item of her claim between 1815
and 1820. If that claim had then been paid
promptly it would have stood precisely as the
State of New Jersey stands with its claim for
advances during the late war, which was paid
as soon as it was audited. That was the case
with other States during the war of the rebel-
lion. They bring here their claims under the
law ; they are audited, and then an appropria-
tion is made to pay them. Nobody thinks of
asking interest in such a case ; neither would
Massachusetts under those circumstances.
Massachusetts presented her claim promptly.
At the time she presented it there was no claim
made for interest of coarse. She could not
make any such claim until the claim was aud-
ited and the amount adjusted. Finally an
appropriation was made to pay it and no more
was said. It was a hard fight undoubtedly to
get so far as that. To hold that because Mas-
sachusetts took the money which she had been
calling for, and which had been admitted to
be due for over twenty years ; that because she
consented to take the money from the Treasury
and give a receipt for what she got, she there-
fore cannot claim anything else, however justly
it may be admitted to be, Senators will permit
me to say is founded on an assumption of a
principle of law that does not exist at all.
It never was held that a man who received
part of his claim, even if it was all the principal
on a note, was therefore prevented from claim-
ing the interest due. How is it in the case of
a note of hand which does not bear interest on
its face, payable at a certain time, for instance
in six months, or on demand? Demand is
made and nothing is said about interest. Sup-
pose, long afterward, the debtor comes forward
and pays the holder of that note the principal,
and he indorses the amount of it on the note,
does the payee give up the interest thereby?
Could he not maintain an action for it? Un-
questionably he could in any court in the United
States unless he gave up the note or gave a
receipt in full. Then the principle on which
gentlemen argue is not a correct one; and I say
again, in answer to what the Senator has said
in regard to the State of New Jersey and to what
other Senators have said about the extent of
these claims, they have no claim for interest,
because their money was paid as soon as the
accounts were adjusted. If that had been the
case with Massachusetts she would have no
claim for interest. The difference, it seems to
me, is as obvious as it can be in any possible
case. Of course, before the vouchers are pre-
sented no State can claim interest, but when
they have presented them, and the account is
stated, then of course interest commences to
run.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
do not propose to take up much time in the
discussion of this question. I should not speak
upon it at all but for the fact that the report
which I made on this subject two or three years
since has been referred to several times in the
debate, and some misstatements of fact, it seems
to me, have been made which are very import-
ant in considering the question.
In the first place, the fact that this amend-
ment comes from the Committee on Foreign
Relations has been criticised somewhat se-
verely. As I said when this amendment was
first offered, four claims upon the General Gov-
ernment were presented by Massachusetts and
Maine in the Thirty-Eighth Congress. Three of
those claims arose under the treaty of Wash-
ington, and hence they were all united in one
bill and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. The States have received the amounts
due under one of those claims, about one hun-
dred and forty thousand dollars. All the rest,
amounting to millions of dollars, they give up,
and come here asking that this claim alone may
be paid to those States. Now, we shall do well
to go back a little, and remember that the treaty
of 1842, the treaty of Washington, established a
line for the northeastern boundary which took
from the State of Maine three million acres of
her territory, and in lieu of that gave to one
of the States of the West over four million
acres of territory.
Mr. SHERMAN. What State was that?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Minnesota. The Senator from Ohio, 1 think,
has fallen into a mistake on this subject. He
refers to the report of Mr. Poinsett. Let me
read from that report. Mr. Poinsett says:
" The original amount of these claims was $843,-
349 60, which, by a payment of $11,000 in 1817, and
one of $419,748 26 iu 1831, was reduced to §412,601 34,
which is still claimed."
Now mark what follows:
"Of this sum it appears, upon applying the same
principles which have governed this Department in
thesetUementof similar claims made by other States,
there will be due $272,716 14, of which $45,539 66, being
for arms and accouterments purchased by the State,
arms, &c„ to the value of that amount, must be
charged to the State and be withheld from its auota,
under the act of 1808 for arming and equipping the
militia. And all warlike stores remaining in the
State which are paid for by theGeneraJ Government
must be delivered up to the possession and use of the
United States."
Now, sir, putting these sums together—the
$11,000, the $419,748 26, and the $227,176 48
—and you have a total of $057,924 74. Ihat
is the whole amount which Massachusetts and
Maine have ever received under this claim,
instead of $848,000, as the Senator from Chio
would have us believe.
The Senator says furthermore that the claim
of Massachusetts was settled precisely as the
elaims of the other States were settled, and he
quotes this report to prove it. " Tlie "import
