1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
from the prison gloom and felon's cell this
gallant American soldier strains his eyes to
see the light of those stars on his beloved flag
flash through the bars of his dungeon, but all
is doubt and darkness and despair. No Amer-
ican at home seems jealous of American rights
abroad.
Again, the clerk of the- Crown reads the
heads of the indictment, and the only two
counts of that indictment given in the report
are the first, which charges some felonious acts
clone by the prisoner on the 1st of March,
1867, and a second, which charges some sim-
ilar acts done on the 12th of April, 1807,
(page 20 ;) and the evidence throughout the
official report shows that the prisoner on both
those days was thousands of miles away from
Ireland, and actually in the United States.
Will my Lord Stanley please inform ns
why he was indicted for acts done while in the
United States if they did not mean to convict
and punish him therefor? And if they claim
that they tried him for something done in Ire-
land, why did they not, as they certainly did
not, mention in the indictment any act or word
done or spoken by him after landing in that
island ?
The attorney general and the chief baron
having failed to shake the prisoner from _ the
noble stand he had taken on his American
citizenship, the latter gentleman, the right
Hon. Robert Richard Warren, M. P., pro-
ceeded to address the jury, stating what he
expected to prove and on which he would ask
for the conviction of his namesake. The state-
ment extends over ten pages of closely-printed
matter. I call attention to these singular asser-
tions in this opening of the attorney general.
In defining treason-felony, he said:
" It consists in compassing or imagining tho deposi-
tion of the queen fromhcr royal state, orcompassinj?,
imagining, or intending to levy war against tho
queen and manifesting such guilty intentions by open
external acts, when such compassing or"intentions
are manifested by one who owes allegiance to the
queen of the United Kingdom." * * * *
" If you shall arrive at the conclusion that any one
oi" more of tho overt acts alleged in this indictment
is or are truly and justly laid to the charge of the
prisoner, then it necessarily follows from tho proof
of the overt acts to your satisfaction that tho nrisoner
is guilty of the crime of treason-felony."—Page 22.
I have quoted this passage to show that the
attorney general placed no limit to the juris-
diction in which the overt act might be com-
mitted, whether in Boston or Dublin, and to
show that he did not even claim the prisoner's
conviction except only on the ground that he
owed allegiance to the queen, notwithstanding
his naturalization in this country. You will see
also that he claims conviction on proof of any
overt act alleged in the indictment, and most
of the overt acts alleged in the indictment oc-
curred here. It is noticeable, in this official
report, that the indictment is nowhere stated,
except as referred to by the clerk of the Crown
or the attorney general. The latter enumerates
the counts in the indictment more fully on page
28. He says the prisoner is charged in the first
and second counts of having been connected
with notorious Fenian leaders. These acts were
proved to have occurred in the United States.
The fifth charges attendance atPenian meet-
ings. This, too, only in the United States.
The sixth charges embarking on a certain
vessel in America, so put down as actually
occurring in New York ; the seventh that he
sailed into Sligo bay; the eighth that he joined
a treasonable conspiracy in America called the
Fenian brotherhood; the tenth that he con-
spired to provide arms to make war against the
queen—this confessedly in America; the fif-
teenth that he became a member of the Fenian
brotherhood to overthrow the queen, and made
journeys and collected moneys for this pur-
pose—all in America; the sixteenth that he
levied war in the city of Dublin- this was
proved to be a fiction; and the twentieth that
in Sligo bay he administered an oath to Michael
Gallagher to keep some secrets, which all the
witnesses testified was done by Nagle, (page
23.) Here we have as many as twenty counts
indiQated by the attorney general. The third,
fourth, ninth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth,
fourteenth, seventeenth, eighteenth, nine-
teenth, and all over twenty—if any, one half,
at least—of the counts are not even mentioned
in the trial. They were, perhaps, repetition or
surplusage, but every one, except those failing
of proof on the trial, occurred in the United
States; andyet the jury were instructed to con-
vict if only one were proved. The attorney
general proceeds in these words:
"The only overt act on which X shaH'nowmake an
observation is that of making war in tho county of
Dublin, because there will be no evidence that tho
prisoner personally levied war in tho county of
Dublin, but that charge is introduced because evi-
dence will be given that members of tho same con-
spiracy did levy war in the county of Dublin*
* * * "and if itshall appear to you, gentle-
men, that the prisoner was a member of a conspiracy
having for its object the establishment of a republic
in Ireland, and that other members of the same con-
spiracy levied war against the gueen in tho county
of Dublin, the prisoner himself is guilty of that levy
of war."—Page 23.
" The charge against him is twofold : one is that he
Pat76 25.
Yet Lord Stanley dares to say he was not
convicted for acts done here. The attorney
general then proceeds to say that a rising
occurred in the city of Dublin, March 5,1807,
while Colonel Warren was in the United States,
and that up to April 12, 1867, lie was in New
York; that he did not come near the coast of
Ireland till about the 20th of May ; and that
lie landed at Dungarvan without sword or
pistol or other weapon of war, without doing
any act of any kind whatever before arrest, on
the 1st of June, a quarter of a year after the
rising in Dublin, roi1 which he was tried and
convicted and is now suffering imprisonment.
Such is the opening of the attorney general,
which went to the jury without dissent from
the chief baron or his associate. The proof
fell far short of the allegations in the indict-
ment. The act charged in the seventh count
that he sailed into Sligo bay, was not criminal,
even if he had a hostile intent, provided he
committed no overt act there, which is not
alleged, except that he administered an oath ;
and the evidence produced by the Crown
clearly proved that this act, if done at all, was
done by Colonel Nagle, and for that he could
not be tried in Dublin, as the attorney general
acknowledges, (page 23,) and as the Govern-
ment acknowledged by attempting to try Col-
onel Nagle in Sligo. If done at all it was
done on an American vessel, and her deck
was American territory and under American
jurisdiction.
Daniel Buckley, an informer, proved that
Warren was in New York as late as April 12,
(pages 34, 35,) but he had never known War-
ren before that day, (page 40;) that they first
sighted land May 18 or 20, (page 41;) that
the oath was administered by Colonel Nagle
to Gallagher; that he did not see Warren there
at the time the oath was administered, (page
43;) that the vessel was under sail at the time,
(page 44;) that they landed in a fishing boat,
June 1, 1867, at Dungarvan. (Page 48.)
When the prisoner was asked if he wished
to question the witness, he said: "I do not
recognize the jurisdiction of this court at all,
(page 49.)
Michael Gallagher, the pilot, proved that he
boarded the vessel when she was about seven
miles from land, (page 50;) that it was not the
prisoner, but Nagle, that administered tho
oath, (pages 51, 52 ;) and. even what evidence
he did give was contradictory, as shown by
the chief baron. (Pages 57, 58, 59, and 60.)
James Nolan, alias Darnel Coffey, was
called as a witness, but refused to testify.
James Haughey was examined, but knew
nothing of importance. (Pages 62, 63.)
Daniel Jones was examined, and knew about
the same. (Page 64.) L ■ <
Joseph Clarke, Richard Burke, Patriae
Browne, Daniel Collins, George Jones, An-
drew Roche, James Norris, Bernard Bur^e,
James Patten, and Thomas Irwin were called
and examined, but not one of them testified
to any overt act by Warren except landing and
being arrested.
John Joseph Corydon, the informer, proved
that he met John Warren as a captain recruit-
ing for the Union Army, (page 83 :) that he
knew Warren as a Fenian in 1862, when he was
in the American Army, (page 83;) that War-
ren's conduct as a soldier and a gentleman in
the American Army was very good, (page 83;)
that lie was a reporter on the New York press
in 1855, (page 84 ;) and that was all, lie knew
or testified against Mr. Warren. Not one
word of any act done or word spoken out of
the United States.
Francis Sheridan, a Dublin policeman, then
proved the rising in Dublin March 5, 1S67,
(page 86,) but of course did not prove Warren
as present, or acting theieiu, for it wus ac-
knowledged by judge and attorney general and
all that lie was then in the United States.
Buckley was recalled, and his contradictory
evidence was exposed. (Pages 89 to 95.)
And this is the case against Warren. So
lamentably did the evidence fail to sustain
even the frivolous counts in the indictment
that the solicitor general, after summing up,
withdrew all the counts except the first, sixth,
sixteenth, and twentieth. First, he was a
Fenian in the United States; sixth,_ he em-
barked-upon a vessel at New York; sixteenth,
while in New York he committed treason-fel-
ony in Dublin. This the solicitor general, in
answer to the chief baron, called the venue
point, (page 102;) and twentieth, he admin-
istered an oath in Sligo bay, which all the wit-
nesses testifying on it swore was done by
Nagle, no one even pretending to have seen
Warren present while Nagle was administer-
ing it, and for which, even if guilty, he could
have been tried, if triable at all, by Groat
Britain only in the county of Sligo, but really
triable only by the United States as occurring
on an American vessel.
The chief baron, in charging the jury,
acknowledged that in this prosecution —
" It was necessary for the Crown to establish some
overt net within the county of Dublin."   * *
A " An overt act having been established m tho
county of Dublin.it is open to tho Crown to establish
what would constitute overt acts showing aconspiraey
in any other place; and though Sligo,is not m the
county ot Dublin, „ndWaterlord is not in the county
of Dublin, yet if the p,irty came to Sligo and brought
arms for the purpose of effecting their treasonable
purposes there, conspiring there to accomplish those
purposes, it will establish a case against the prisoner,
provided ho is also fixed with the overt act done in
the county of Dublin. Gentlemen, there is not a
single particle of evidence to show that the prisoner
nt the bar was within the county or the city of
Dublin or that he had any actual personal partici-
pation in what occurred at Milltown, btepaside, or
Glcncullcn; bat if you come to tho conclusion that
those were the acts of his coconspirators m the
Ionian confederacy, and if you come to the con-
clusion that the acts of levying war did take place
within the county of Dublin," * x * the
prisoner would bo answerable for that act if hp
then a'member of the confederacy."—Aitfe* 104,105.
" If members of the Fenian confederation, in pros-
ecution of the common design, attacked tho three
police barracks, and in so doing levied war against the
queen, those wcie overt acts of all the persons who
wcrothen members of tho confederation, wherever
they were at that time."—Page 17.
Here it is plainly declared that all who at-
tended or sympathized with Fenian meetings
in Boston, New York, or Chicago, -whether
citizen, member of Congress, or Speaker of
this House, all are triable for treason com-
mitted in Oublm. In reply to the question why
sentence should not be pronounced against
him, Colonel Warren made a manly speech,
frequently interrupted by the chief baron, con-
cluding as follows:
'* My lord, though a very humble instrument when
standing before you at this? moment, my case, believe
me, assumes a most remarkable and important size,
and the present cases would form a great and mo-
mentous epoch in the history of these times, (rago
127.) * * * * " I have confidence m my
Government that they will see justice done to me and
th at they will establish my right." * *
"If Amcrica docs not resent England s conduct
toward me; if the only allegiance I ever
edged is not to be vindicated, then thirteen millions
of the sons of Ireland who have lived in happiness
in the United States up to this will have become the
slaves of England." * * * TnJ-nmise
now. my lord, theloilmeasureof sentence. I praise
vou I will live longer than the British constitution.
(Pages 127,129.) *
