tns
Mhmm
Ma#H,
proves no saeh thing. • OTuBrten&Beti a woriio
the. report thatgbes' to show it.> Letuaread it:
. « Of,this sum ,:-^rthat is, tbe jfein&ming sum
of $412,601 S4—*' it appeals- upou applying
the same principles which have governed this
Department in the settlement of similar claims
made by other States, there will be doe $272,-
716 14," of which $45,539 ..66 fur arms sup-
plied for the defense of the State was .to foe
subtracted. Thus it will be seenth&t the report
simply says that in settling this residue of the
claim the same principles must, beapplied that
were applied to the other States. And the Sen-
ator made a mistake in another particular—■—
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour
of half past four having arrived, the Senate
will, according to order, take a- recess until
half past seven o'cloek.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven and a half
o'clock p. m.
suffrage constitutional amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will lay before the Senate a dispatch which he
has just received.
The Secretary read as follows:
Jefferson City, Missouri,
March 1,1869.
To the President of the Senate:
Tbe constitutional amendment this day ratified by
the Legislature of Missouri.
J. W. McCLURGL
gold medal to commander baldwin.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask unanimous consent,
before proceeding with the regular order, to
pass a little resolution with regard to which
there can be no question. It is Senate joint
resolution No. 208, authorizing Commander
Charles H. Baldwin, United States Navy, to
accept a gold medal from the king of the
Netherlands.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution, which authorizes
Commander Charles H. Baldwin, of the United
States Navy, to accept a gold medal from the
kiDg of the Netherlands, tendered him in ap-
preciation of services rendered to a merchant
vessel of that nation in distress.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message frci the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 903) granting a pension to
Horace Peck, of Charlton, Massachusetts ;
A bill (S. No. 904) granting a pension to
Benjamin T. Raines, of Indiana;
A bill (S. No. 906) granting a pension to
Elizabeth Clarke;
A bill (S. No. 910) granting a pension to
the children of Martin N. Slocum, deceased ;
A bill (S. No. 942) granting a pension to
Sarah E. Haines; and
A bill (S. No. 949) granting a pension to
Mrs. Lydia W. Ford.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate
with amendments, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 900) granting a pension to
William B. Looney, of Alabama,; and
A. bill (S. No. 941) granting a pension to
Benjamin C. Stone.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 2015) for the relief
of Mrs. Susan A. Shelby, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; and they were thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 1758) to incorporate the
Masonic Mutual Relief Association .ot the Dis-
trict of Columbia;
A billXH. &. No.l8i7) forthe relief of the
heirs and representatives of -Charles C. Cook,
deceased; .
A bill ^S. No. 903) granting a pension to
Horace Peck, of Charlton, Massachusetts;
A bill (S. No. 904) granting a pension to
Benjamin T. Raines;
A bill (S. No. 906) granting a pension to
Elizabeth. Clarke;
A bill (S. No. 910) granting a pension to
the children of Martin N. Slocum, deceased ;
A bill (8. No. 942) granting a pension to
Sarah E. Haines;
A bill (S. No. 949) granting a pension to
Mrs. Lydia W. Ford; and
A bill (S. No. 941) granting a pension to
Benjamin C. Stone.
PETER M'GOUGH.
Mr. CATTELL. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1989) for the relief of Peter McGough,
collectorof the internal revenue and disbursing
agent, twentieth district, Pennsylvania, have
directed me to report it back with an amend-
ment, and as it is a very simple question and
the bill must go back to the House, I ask for
its present consideration, as I think it will
create no discussion.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The Committee on Finance reported the bill
with an amendment, to strike out all after the
enacting clause and to insert:
That the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
'ury be, and they are hereby, authorized to allow
Peter McGough, collector and disbursing agent of
the twentieth internal revenue district of Pennsyl-
vania, acreditlor thesum of $4,750 64, publicmoney
deposited in pursuance of law in the Venango Na-
tional Bank, lately a United States designated de-
pository, and lost bythefailure ofsaid bankwithout
fault or neglect of the said collector and disbursing
agent.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to ask the
Senator from New Jersey whether the two Sen-
ators from Pennsylvania do not prefer the
House bill as it came without this amendment
reported by the Senate Committee?
Mr. CATTELL. I believe they do.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and tbe amendment was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
william b. looney.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill of the Senate No. 900, granting a pension
to William B. Looney, of Alabama; and
On motion by Mr. SPENCER, it was
Resolved, That the Senate disagree to the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to thesaid bill,
and a^k a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon.
Ordered. That the conferees on the partof the Sen-
ate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Spencer, Mr. Van Winkle, and Mr.
Warner.
benjamin s. stone.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill _(S. No. 941) granting a pension to Ben-
jamin S. Stone; which was to strike out the
words "at the rate of fifteen dollars per
month;" and, on motion of Mr. Spencer,the
amendment was concurred in.
deficiency bill.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Appro-
priations, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 1911) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser:
vice of the Government for .the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1869, and for other purposes,
reported it with amendments.
illinois iron and bolt company.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
call up House bill No, 1867, for the relief of
the lllioois lTon and Bolt Company, to which
I presume there -will be no objection. ■ • >
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Itoan only
be taken up by unanimous consent.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It authorizes the Secretary of
the Treasury to examine a judgment by con-
fession, rendered on the 2d of October, 1865,
in the circuit court of the northern district of
Illinois, against the Illinois Iron and Bolt Com-
pany for $5,500, penalties for certain alleged
violations of the internal revenue laws, and to
refund to the company so much of the amount
paid into the Treasury of the United States as
upon investigation he may think it right and
proper under the circumstances of the case to
remit.
The Committee on Finance reported the bill
with an amendment, to insert in line eleven,
after the words " United States," the words
"not exceeding $2,750."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
amendment was ordered to be engrossed, and
the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1972) granting a pension
to John Law;
A bill (H. R. No. 2017) granting a pension
to Joseph Wheat;
A bill (H. R. No. 2016) granting a pension
to Abigail Dix;
A bill (H. R. No. 2018) granting a pension
to Sophia E. Harmon ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2019) granting a pension
to Mary Whitten ; and
A joiut resolution (H. R. No. 472) providing
for filling vacancies in the Naval Academy from
the State of Louisiana.
new orleans and chattanooga raii/road.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is a small bill, re-
ported from the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, which will occupy no time to pass
it, that I should like to have taken up. It is
Senate bill No. 956.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The title ot
the bill will be read for the information of the
Senate.
The Chief Clerk. "A bill (S. No. 956) to
establish and declare the railroad and bridges
of the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga
"Railroad Company, as hereafter constructed
westward from the city of New Orleans, a posi
road, and for other purposes."
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
must object to that. I believe I have the floor
on the regular order of business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The Sen-
ator is entitled to the floor when that bill shall
be taken up.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator will
allow this bill to pass.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. But
it will lead to discussion.
Mr. RAMSEY. Not at all. There is no
disposition on the part of the Senate to discuss
the bill.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. If
it leads to no discussion I have no objection.
Mr. RAMSEY. It will lead to no discus-
sion.
By unanimous- consent the Senate, as in
Committeeof the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported the bill with amendments.
The first amendment was in section one, line
seven, after the words " Mississippi river " to
strike out the words " which shall be crossed by
means of a ferry-boat, unless otherwise author-
ized hereafter." - 1
The amendment was agreed to.
