24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
The judge, in passing sentence, told Warren
that he could riot shake oft' ins allegiance by
naturalization, and when he returned he would
be held to that allegiance in spite of all natural-
ization laws. (Page loO.)
And so, on the IGth of November, 1867, John
Warren was sentenced by a British court to
fifteen years' penal servitude for acts done and
words spoken in the United States.
Now, after thus epitomizing the case against
John Warren, I think the facts are plain
enough, and there is no use in disguising them.
John Warren attended meetings of the Fenian
brotherhood in America, as he had a right to
do, and as members ot this House have done
and will do. Ou the 12lh of April, 1867, he
embarked at New York on board a brigantine
called the Jacmel Packet, as he had a right to
do, subject to our laws alone. This brigantine
sailed within sight of Ireland, off Sligo and
Waterford, as she had a right to do, but did
not east anchor or touch land at any part of
English or Irish territory. Of her cargo or
destiny the testimony is so slight and so con-
tradictory that very little is known ; but for the
sake of the argument before this House let us
admit that she had arms on board, and that
some of those 011 board, and among them John
Warren, had they seen a prospect of striking a
successful blow for Ireland's independence,
would have landed some of those arms and
might have taken a hand in the fight. Had
they done so, for that, and that alone, they
would have been answerable to a British
tribunal.
Now, there is the whole of the ease. The
vessel either abandoned the landing in Ireland,
if that ever was her intention, or proceeded 011
her voyage and returned to the Onited Slates.
John Warren and some thirty others, either
through stress of weather, want of food, or
sickness, landed from a fishing smack near
Diingarvan, in the county of' Waterford, June
J, 1807, and were immediately arrested, and
for some time suffered imprisonment, but were
afterward in most cases liberated, as in the
ease of Colonel Nagle. Warren and Costello
stiil remain in prison. They landed no arms ;
they took 110 part in any fight or emeute. They
did nothing at all after they landed till arrested.
Will my Lord btanley tell us if Warren and
Costello were not convicted for words and acts
spoken and done here, what the words or acts
w^ere were they done or spoken?
Will he name one single act or word which
either of them did or spoke for which either of
them was arrested, tried, convicted, and sen-
tenced? 1 defy him to show in Ule oflicial
report one single guilty act or word alleged or
proved alter lauding from American territory—
an American deck.
^Ve cannot permit England or any other
country to trespass tin our jurisdiction. No
1 owor can maintain its self-respect in the com-
munity of nations which permits such outia^es
011 its nationality to go unpunished and unelfal-
iengecl Now, £ say here that if every word
proved or even charged against Warren were
true England had no jurisdiction. He could
have been tried only by the United States for
a violation of her neutrality laws or sucli otlier
crime as might have beeu proved against him.
\v e Cannot permit strangers to whip our chil-
dren for playing or romping in our own lot.
J en thousand Americans may sail from New
I ork or any other American port and cruise
ai! round Ireland, and England, too, with any
quantity of arms or any violence of intent they
please, lor intent is not punishable even under
this-very treason-felony act of Great Britain
without some overt act. Some of these ten
thousand men might proclaim in the streets of
iNew York, or carry placards on their hats or
bieasts that they weie going over to England to
kill the queen and all the aristocracy. They
might bo accompanied to the vessel on which
they embarked by processions and music, and
from the decks to the masses on the dock they
might proclaim their intentions; but if they
only sailed round Ireland, or even if they landed
-     ) ■
trom stress of weather, sickness, or even for
pleasure, but committed no overt act on Brit-
ish soil, they could not be tried in England
without trespass by England 011 our jurisdic-
tion and craven cowardice from us. Ours and
ours alone is the jurisdiction to try them,
whether for crime or lunacy, and that jurisdic-
tion cannot be, without disgrace, surrendered
or a trespass upon it permitted by us to any
foreign Power. The most that England or any
country could do, even for self-preservation
under these almost unimaginable proceedings,
would be to watch the movements of the par-
ties so acting, or arrest and return, but not to
try or punish.
And now, sir, I wish to pay my lespects to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs and call the
attention of this House to the conduct of that
committee in hitherto refusing or neglecting'to
attend to this the most important question be-
fore them. On the 3d of February last, now
over ten months ago, I offered the following
preamble and resolution:
Whereas Stephen J. Meany, claiming to be an
American citizen, was tried in Dublin in February
last; and whereas the British attorney general on that
trial, as roportod in the Dublin Irishman of Feb-
ruary 23,1887, claimed Ins conviction for acts done
m JSow York; and whereas Baron Fitzgerald stated
tilt) point on Ins uiai to be that Mr. Meany had boon
a member of a iunian socioty in America similar to
a Society existing in Ireland, but proved no acts of
too person liimself done in Ireland, or oven that lio
was m Ireland during any part of the period that
the associations wore shown to exist either in Amer-
ica or Ireland; and whereas said Meany was con-
victed and sentenced to fifteen years'imprisonment;
and whereas Colonel John Warren, a citizen of the
United btates, tried in Dunlin October SO and 31 and
Aovember 1,1867, claimed upon said trial a mixed
jury, as provided by British law, and challenged the
array 01 tho jury, which challenge was denied on the
ground distinctly declared by Chief Justice Pisott,
that a peisun born in the linked Kingdom owes his
allegiance to Ivugland torcver, 110 matter where he
might be; and whereas General Ilalpiu, Augustus
Oostollo, and other American citizens were denied
tho juiy allowed by British law to every person ex-
empt Irom allegiance to the British drown; and
whereas William J . Nagle, a native-American citi- i
zen, Wat? on tho 1st day ot June, 1807, arrested with I
Colonel Warren and has been, without trial or con-
viction, held in prison for eight months, his applica-
tion to be admitted to bail being refused and a speedy
trial domed him ; and whereas the said Colonel John
Warren and William J. Nagle have petnioued this
House to take such measures as may be just and
necessary m their behalf: Therefore,
it rewyedby this House, That tho President of
tho u mted States be, and ho hereby is, requested to
institute an immediate examination into the facts
allegod in the preamble hereto, and if found true to
demand tho immediate release of any and all Amer-
ican ciuzens charged or convicted before or by any
imti«h court lor words or deeds spoken or done in
the United States; to demand an immediate new
tna or liberty for any American citizen denied his
challenge to the array of the jury on the ground of
pel pet ual allegiance; and to demand the immediate
release of William J. IS1agio, who, on the 16th of
jxpvembcr last, in open court, both before and after
trial ot said \\ an en, alter nearly six months'impris-
onment, demanded and was refused a trial on the
charges preferred against him; and in case of such
demand being refused the President is hereby re-
quested to older the arrest and detain in custody
any subjects or citizens of GreatBritain who may be
found withm the jurisdiction of the United Slates
and to withdraw allintercourse of the United States
with Great Britain."
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bi.ygham]
objected, unless some modifications were made
in the wording. The gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. MaYxVard,] the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Baxks,] and the gentleman
Irom Iowa, [Mr. Au.i.so.y, j objecting, or ask-
ing delays and modifications, I moved a sus-
pension of the rules that I might introduce the
foregoing resolution. I then said:
I want this nation to say to England, upon the
very threshold of this discussion, that the time is past
wften the lintisn iion can trample upon American
pih'/ftns with impunity. 1 want to tell her now that
can.sc.t 'A® President, the Secretary of State,
and the mind of the American nation roused irom the
iuthai-gy m winch they now appeal to slumber while
our citizens arc rotting in British dungeons, not. for
c ^ ou*' minister remain at the Court
I>T iS h . iimos iiriil i   n.. i ■< .  . .
*•oV t lutuitui at cue vourt
ot bt. James, arid 110 minister of England shall be
received hero whue that Government tramples in this
way upon the ngats of our citizens."
* * * v ^ -s :Js *
" I ask this House not to sleep one night upon this
matter. 1 say they will be unworthy of hem* Aruer-
lean citizens if they will stand by and see the flag of
the union made the foot-rug of Europe."
The rules were suspended on my call for the
yeas am! nays by a vote of 97 yeas to 30 nays,
three of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
beside myself voting for the suspension and
three against it, two being absent. The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] then spoke
in favor of referring the preamble and resolu-
tion to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, on
the ground that the resolution would put the
issues of peace and war into the hands of the
President, and that Congress could not transfer
that power to any man upon earth. I refused
to yield the floor for the purpose of having it
referred to the committee, believing then, asis
proved now, that that would be the end of it.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] then
contended that we did not know but that these
men were hfeld for crimes committed within the
jurisdiction of Great Britain, but professed hi3
willingness to interpose the whole power of
the nation to shield our citizens from being
held to answer for crime, either before an
English tribunal or that of any sovereignty
upon the globe when the crime was not com-
mitted where they were held to answer ; and
he acknowledged that the subject-matter of my
resolution touched the peace of the Republic.
And what is more important than the peace of
this .Republic, the honor of the Common-
wealth? I quote his own language. With what
emphasis, sir, would I repeat that acknowl-
edgment of the distinguished gentleman from
Ohio, now, I regret to see, absent, though
informed that I would thus refer to him. This
is a matter more important than peace; it
touches the honor of the Commonwealth, said
the gentleman from Ohio then. That honor
has not since been vindicated. Every day since
then that honoris tarnished by the world look-
ing 011 as the heel ot a tyrant crushes its iron
into the neck ol an American citizen and sol-
dier for acts done beneath the flag which he
fought and bled to preserve untarnished.
The gentleman from Ohio then proceeded to
refer to the act of Congress of 17'J2 as yet un-
repealed and unchallenged, providing that any
citizen of the United States offending against
its sovereignty, whether within our own juris-
diction or elsewhere, should be held to answer
at,the bar of the Republic. He also referred
to the declaration of England by more than
one enactment under the present sovereign that
any subject offending against her sovereignty
in any quarter of the world shall be held to
answer before the tribunals of English justice.
That sentiment I also emphasize. The crime
of Warren, if he organized - an expedition
against the British queen or embarked upon
an unlawful voyage at and from New York in
an undocumented or even piratical vessel, was
a^crime against our sovereignty, and both by
English and American law was to be tried by
our courts alone. I replied that we had proof
enough before us that some of our citizens, and
among them Meany, who was then under sen-
tence ot fiiteeti years' penal servitude, but
since released, had been tried, openly and
avowedly so declared by the judges and the
attorney generals, for acts done here. I knew
these facts then as well as I do now, and so
might all who chose to make themselves ac-
quainted with them, and I stated then what
seems now too near the truth, that—
These insolent British officials seemed to calcu-
late tnat men would be found here to delay the vin-
dication of American citizens until eternity's bell
snouid ring."
,i^?e chairman of "the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, [Mr. Baxks,] whom I am giad to see
m bis seat, urged its reference to the commit-
tee on the ground that we could not act with-
out an authentic copy of the record ; and that
it might be that I did not know the facts in the
case 1 leplied :
irv.i?ir, Vnow. that the facts recited in the pre-
tf, ret!ola.t'on are,substantially true. I huro
f. I™ f authority on which the fact is stated. It is
tria? wa?h1r.uPltPfr pubhslled in the city where the
, wa  Jjold and never contradicted, as tar as any
S,,?1 the public press knows," * ■■■
„™ow:. atn ??* willing to refer the resolution to
a committee and have it sleep there. What has been
oar conduct here? I called for this information
hire a fW b0>P aft^1' our assembling
nere. Lut what has been done since? How Ion*
sir, must an American citizen pine m chains and in
dungeons? How long must they be kept fn British
Prisons before we can reach some department that
will l.stcn to their cry or shed a tear oi pity over tho
