1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1729
The nextamendmentwas in section one, lines
twenty-one, twenty-two, and twenty-three, to
strike out the words:
Said declaration being hereby approved and de-
clared to be a valid law of the State of Texas.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment wasin section one. line
twenty nine, after the words "Trinity river"
10 insert 11 and all other navigable rivers, bays,
and bayous."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line thirty-three, after the words " Bayou La
Pourche" to insert, the words "and the other
navigable rivers, bays, and bayous."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That com-
pletes the amendments reported by the com-
rfntt^e.
Mr. RAMSEY. I understand that the Sen-
ator from Louisiana [Mr. Kellogg] desires to
offe" an amendment, and therefore to enable
him to do so I am willing that the bill should
be passed over informally.
Mr. KELLOGG. Let the bill go over until
to morrow morning. I have just come into the
Chamber and desire to offer an amendment to
the bill, but have not yet had an opportunity
to prepare it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will lie over.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 2015) for the relief of
Jlrs. Susan A. Shelby was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 472) pro-
viding for filling vacancies in the Naval Acad-
emy from the State of Louisiana was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Pensions:
A bill (H. R. No. 1972) granting a pension
to John Law,
A bill (H. R. No. 2017) granting a pension
to Joseph Wheat;
A bill (H. R. No. 2016) granting a pension
to Abigail Dix;
A bill (H. R. No. 2018) granting a pension
to Sophia E. Harmon ; and
A bill (EL R. No. 2019) granting a pension
to Mary Whitten.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 1803) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year end-
ing June 30, 1870, and for other purposes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thepend-
ing question is on the amendment offered by
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Scu-
xer,] and upon t.hat question the Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Pattersox] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Mr. President, at the moment the Senate took
a recess I was speaking upon the statement
made by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] who said that the amount which had
been paid to the States of Massachusetts and
Maine was equal to $843,349 60. I showed
from the report of Mr. Poinsett, I think to the
satisfaction of the Senator from Ohio himself,
that the whole amount which had been paid by
the Government on this claim is $657,869 84.
The next point which the Senator made was
that this would open the way to claims which
would amount to something over five million
dollars; but immediately he descended some-
what rapidly, but gracefully, from five millions
to a million and a quarter. Now, sir, that is an
overstatement of something like half a million
dollars as to the amount which will be due
under this amendment to the Army bill. The
whole amount due for interest, as calculated
by the friends of this measure, is $767,000.
At any rate, they are willing to confine their
claims within that amount.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is that the amount that
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 109.
is to go to Massachusetts by this amendment,
if it is passed?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Seven hundred and sixty-seven thousand dol-
lars to Maine and Massachusetts. I now come
to the statement made by the Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Frelixghuysen] that this claim
was settled finally on the payment of the last
installment of the principal in 1859. Ifwe look
at the language of the law we shall see that it
simply covers the last installment of the prin-
cipal, and has nothing to do with the interest
whatever. It is in this language:
"The Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to pay to Massachusetts out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated the sum of $227,176 48, reported under said
resolution to be due to said State by J. It. Poinsett,
Jate Secretary of War, in a report dated the 23d of
December. 1837, made to the House of Representa-
tives the 27th of December, 1837."
So it seems that by the language of this act
provision was made simply for the payment of
the last installment of the principal.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Does it say so ?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. It
says so.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. I did not hear it.
Mr. PATTERSON, ofNew Hampshire. That
is, it says for the payment of the award made
by the Secretary of War, and by reading the
report we find that that refers only to the prin-
cipal ; there is nothing said in relation to the
interest. The Secretary, in speaking of the last
installment of $412,601 34, says:
"Of this sum, it appears, upon applying the same
principles which have governed tbj^ Department in
the settlement of similar claims made by other States,
there will be due $272,716 11."
From which $45,539 66 would be subtracted,
leaving $227,000 all told. The act of 1859
simply provided for the paymentof this amount
reported by the Secretary of War in 1837, and
it is on precisely the same ground upon which
other States received interest upon advances
made in the war of 1812-15 that these two
States come here and askforinterest upon their
advances.
The gentleman from New Jersey was fearful
that this would establish a dangerous precedent,.
He stated that New Jersey was entitled to large
amounts under the precedent which would be
established if this claim was allowed. Now,
sir, I apprehend that that cannot be so. The
advances made in the war of the Revolution
were paid, not only the principal, but interest
at six per cent., whether the State had paid
interest or not. A new principle was estab-
lished on the advances made in 1812-15, which
was that the principal should be paid and inter-
est where the States paid interest or lost in-
terest. If the State hired the funds which it
advanced, or advanced its own bonds or secur-
ities on which it was receiving interest, then
the General Government was to pay back to
the State the interest which it had so lost. All
the States except Massachusetts have received
interest on their advances upon this principle.
The same principle also held in paying the
advances made for the war with Mexico. My
own State also has received payment for ad-
vances which she made in 1835, 1336, and 1837,
by an act passed January 27,1852, in this lan-
guage:
"Be it evacted, &e„ That the Second Auditorof the
Treasury be. and he is hereby, authorized and di-
rected to liquidate and settle the claim of the State
of New Hampshire against, the United States for in-
terest upon the military expenses incurred and actu-
ally expended by her tor the protection of the north-
eastern frontier of said State and repelling invasion
and suppressing insurrection atIndianStreaiu,in the
county of Coos, in said State, in the years l&Jo, 1836,
and 1837; and the sum so found to be due to said
State shall be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated: Provided, That said
amount shall not exceed $6,000."
It also provides that interest shall not be
computed on any sum which New Hampshire
has not expended for the use and benefit of the
United States, as evidenced by the amount
refunded or repaid to the State ofNew Hamp-
shire. It seems, then, that New Hampshire
received not only principal but interest, as is
demanded in this amendment to the Army bill.
Maryland received it, Pennsylvania received it,
and several other of the States of the Union who
made advances in the war of 1812 received it.
The Senator from Iowa has complained that
this claim had been made over to a railroad ;
Well, sir, this claim was presented by the State
of Maine before it was so made over to this
railroad; for it was not made over to the rail-
road until 1864.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator is mistaken in
saying that I complained of it. I merely stated
the fact that this claim had gained great addi-
tional strength from the fact that it had been
transferred to a railroad company, and hence
it had added to it a large railroad lobby in its
interest.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Well, sir, if it has gained strength because it
has been made over to this railroad, so much
the better for the claim ; and if it has gained
any strength it is because it has added to the
public interest in the claim.
Mr. GRIMES. That is what I thought—
and to the private interest also.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. It
seems to me that the gentleman from Iowa is
the last man to complain because the States
of Massachusetts and Maine come here and
ask to have an honest debt paid, which they
have appropriated to the construction of a rail-
road. Why, sir, over one hundred and ninety
million- acres of land have been appropriated
by the Government of the United States for the
building of railroads and canals in the great
West, and New England has helped to make
that appropriation of lands for that purpose.
Mr. GRIMES. That is not so.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is the Senator from
New Hampshire willing to do justice to the
West by stating at the same time the fact that
in the larger and more important grants to that
section of the country the price of the reserved
sections was doubled, and that when the lands
were granted it was provided that the people
who settled upon the reserved sections should
pay it back to the Government in the enhanced
price of that land.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
do not know that, that changes the principle at
all. I was not complaining because this amount
of land had been set apart for these internal
improvements. I am glad of it. The East as
well as the West have entered into the advan;
tages and the fruits of that appropriation of
public land. The gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Grimes] says the statement is not true. It it
is not true, then the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office has made a grand mistake in
his last report; for that is his report on this
subject. More than that: New England helped
to pass the homestead act, and under the home-
stead act during the last fiscal year more than
two million acres were taken up by men who
had settled in the West, and since the passage
of that act more than nine million acres
have been taken up. Who is it that settles upon
this laud in the West? The sons of New Eug-
land. They go forth from our homes and they
settle in the West. We are glad that the West
is made prosperous by these appropriations of
land and by the New England men who go
there and settle. All that we complain of is that
gentlemen should rise here and refuse to pay
this honest debt simply because it is appro-
priated to the building of a railroad, especially
when this railroad is to benefit the West quite
as much as it does New England. It brings us
two days nearer to Liverpool and London. If
the farmers of the great West are to sell the
products of their prairies then they must have
cheap transportation to the markets of the
world, and this helps them to that cheap trans-
portation. It brings them two days nearer to
all the markets of Europe. Is that no advan-
tage to the gentleman from Iowa?
Mr. GRIMES. Not the slightest.
Mr. PATTERSON, ofNew Hampshire. I
think it is. But, sir, there are other advan-
tages growing out of this railroad—the military
advantages of this road. It was not until after
the war of 1812-15 that England laid claim to
