THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
recess,- in order that tKe resolution of the Sen-
ator from Vermont may be disposed of.
Mr. WILLIAMS. We do not want any
recess to-day.
Mt. STEWART. If the resolution of the
Senator from Vermont involves a long discus-
sion I shall insist upon going on with the con-
st5tution"al' amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS". My motion is, as I have
the' floor, !to lay this joint resolution on the
table for the time: being.
Mr DAVIS. I -inquire of the honorable
Senator Who has charge of the measure under
debate if he expects to get the vote of the
Senate upon it in the course of to-day or to-
night?
Mr. STEWART. That is the understanding.
Mr. DAVIS. Then the Senator had better
not give way to the other question.
Mr. STEWART. I will yield to the Sen-
ator from Vermont for a few minutes.
Mr. DAVIS. I mean that the time from now"
until the crewing of the cock to-morrow morn-
ing is not too long to give to the consideration
of this great subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. _ The Sen-
ator from Vermont moves that the joint reso-
lution now before the Senate be laid upon the
table. •
The motion was agreed to,
committee.on indian affairs.
MA MOKRILL, of Maine. I ask the Senate
to have a member added to the Committee on
Indian Affairs. I make that motion, the neces-
sity of which is the absence of the chairman and
some other member of the committee.
The motion was agreed to ; and, by unani-
mous consent, the President pro tempore was
authorized to make the appointment.
electoral vote 01' georgia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
froceed to the consideration of the resolution
have indicated.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumedtheeonsideration of the following reso-
lutioa':
Whereas the question whether tho State of Georgia
hfts.btreomo and is entitled to representation in tho
two Houses of Congross is now pending and unde-
termined; and whorotis by tho joint resolution of
Congtess {Hissed July 20, 18G8, entitled "A resolution
exeludinsr from the Electoral College votes of States
lately in rebellion which shall not have been reor-
ganized," it was provided that no electoral votes
from any of the States lately in rebellion sdtould be
received ot oounted for President or Vico President
of the United States until, among other things, such
State should ha.vo become entitled to representation
in Congress pursuant to acts of Cengress in that
behalf: Therefore,
Jlcsolved by the SauUc, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring.) Thnt on tho assembling of tho two
Houses on tho seeond Wednesday of .February. 1809.
for the counting of the electoral votes for President
and Vice President, as provided by law and thojuint
rules, if tho counting or omitting to count the elec-
oral votes, if any, which may bo presented as of the
State of Georgia shall not essentially change the
result, in that case they shall bo reported by tho
President of the Senate in the following manner:
Wero the votes presented as of the State of Georgia
to bo counted, the result would be, for  for
President of the United States,  votes; if not
counted, for   for President of tho United
States, votes; but in either caso is elected
President of the United States; and in the same
manner for Vioe President.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the adoption of the concurrent reso-
lution.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes S3, noes 8.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think this is an im-
portant vote, and therefore I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays wers ordered: and the
Chief Clerk commenced the call of the roll,
Mr. Abbott answering to his name.
Several Senators, What is the question ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am told the question
is on taking up the resolution of the Senator
from Vermont. If so, I do not want the yeas
and nays.
Mr. EDMUNDS and others. No; it is on
agreeing to the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is upon the adoption of the resolution, and
the roll is being called.
The call of the roll having been concluded,
the result was announced—yeas 34, nays 11;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Abbott, Anthony, Cameron, Cattell,
Cole, Conkling-, Corbett, Cragin, Brake, Edmunds,
Frelinghuysen, Howard, McDonald, Morgan, Morrill
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Pool,
Ramsey, Kico, Robertson, Ross, Sherman, 'Stewart,'
Summer, Thayer, Tipton, Warner, Welch, Willey,
Williams, Wilson and Yates—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Fowler, Hend-
ricks, MeCreery, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee,
Saulsbury. Trumbull, Vickers, and Whyte—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Chandler, Conness,
Dixon, Doolittle, Ferry, Fessenden, Grimes, Harlan,
Harris, Henderson. Howe, Kellogg, Osborn, Patterson
of New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Sawyer, Spencer,
Sprague, Van Winkle, and Wade—21.
So the resolution was agreed to.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 171) in relation to coast defense.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 1460) regulating the
duties on imported copper and copper ores.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. N o. 609) transferring the duties of
trustees of colored schools of Washington and
Georgetown ; and
A bill (S. No. 765) to give an additional term
of the United States circuit court for the east-
ern district of Arkansas.
suffrage constitutional amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I now move that the Sen-
ate resume the csnsideration of the constitu-
tional amendment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (H. R. No.
402) proposing an amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
X 
Mr. STEWART. Before the Senator pro-
ceeds, I move to rescind the order for a recess;
let us go right on to-day. I think that will bring
us to a conclusion sooner.
Mr._ HEN DRICKS. Is that in order while
the joint resolution is pending?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
in order now unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the motion of the Senator from
Nevada cannot be received at this time.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I have a suggestion or two to make in refer-
ence to the pending constitutional amendment,
and I shall compress what I have to say into a
few words. It is not my purpose to follow the
arguments of Senators on the other side of
the House in reference to the sovereignty of
the States. That question has been sufficiently
discussed in the country. A State, which can-
not make a treaty, or coin money, or emit bills
of credit, or lay any imposts or duties on ton-
nage, or keep troops or ships-of-war, or engage
in war with any foreign Power—a State, all
of whose territory is subject to the laws of
another Power—for the Constitution declares
that the Constitution and the laws of the Fed-
eral Government shall be the supreme law of
the whole land—a State, that by the very Con-
stitution under which we all live is subject to
have even its form of government modified and
changed under the provisions of the national
Constitution, may be a sovereignty, but if so,
it is only in name, and in nothing more. But
that subject I shall not discuss.
It is strange that the Senators on the other
side of the Chamber oppose this amendment;
it seems to me that from their long habit of
traveling in a certain pathway they pursue that
road when the object they were following has
entirely diappeared. They seem to be striking
at the red mantle in the circle after the object
of their hostility has departed. Let me remind
them that this isarepublican Government; one
in which the sovereign power is vested in the
people, exercised and executed by representa-
tives by them elected. Those who oppose the
measure claim for themselves devotion to the
principle of democracy, which is a government
nearer to the people, claiming the same depos-
itory of power, but claiming that it is to be
exercised more directly by the people. Yet we
have this singular paradox, that the Democ-
racy of the Senate oppose an amendment which
will give the power of manifesting sovereignty
to four tnillion free native-born, arms-bearing,
taxed citizens of the United States. Why, Mr.
President, they are placing black men of this
country in a much worse condition as to all
governmental power and rights than were the
slaves.
Under the Continental Congress the ques-
tion arose who should besir the expense of the
then existing war, and it was determined that
it was to be borne by the several States in pro-
portion to their population ; and the States
where slavery existed agreed that they would
count every five slaves as equal to three free
citizens, and contribute accordingly. It was
here we got the principle of our three-fifths
representation which was' introduced as the
basis of slave representation when the Fed-
eral Constitution was formed. The slaves were
represented in Congress, and the Senator from.
Kentucky and the Senator from Delaware
would have felt themselves under the same
obligation to resist any legislation unfriendly
or injurious to the slave constituency as that to
the injury of the free white citizen. And yet,
when those who were once slaves are free and
taxed, bear arms, and are declared to be cit-
izens of the United States, they would take
away all representation and all possible power
in the Government. This, for a nation which
has engraven on the palm of one hand '1 no tax-
ation without representation," and on the palm
of the other hand '' all men are created equal,''
is politically flagitious.
Again, they tell us that we are destroying the
balances of government by taking away from
the States the right of regulating suffrage. I
agree with them that it is of importance that
the balances of the Government should be
preserved; that with our illimitable domain it
is essential to the well-being of the Government
that we should preserve the rights of the States
and their dominion over all the domestic rela-
tions of society, and I would hesitate and resort
to other expedients before I should be prepared
to vote for an amendment to the Constitution
which took entirely away from all the States
the right to regulate suffrage. But does this
amendment take away from the States that
right? It has been so stated and reiterated
over and over again in this Chamber. I do
not so understand the amendment.
There were before the Convention that
formed the Constitution two propositions on
this subject, one that suffrage should be reg-
ulated by the General Government, the other
that it should be under the control of the States.
The question was ably and fully discussed, and
it was finally determined that everything con-
sidered it was better that suffrage should be
regulated by the States. Now, in view of cir-
cumstances that have occurred we propose a
modification of the determination of the Con-
vention. We propose to preserve the rights
of the people from the effects of an unjust preju-
dice. We want to give the people the oppor-
tunity to say that the States in regulating suf-
frage shall not destroy it as to native born,
free, arms-bearing, taxed citizens of the Uni-
ted States.
Sir, we have been referred to the fathers,
compared with whom we have been told that
we are but pigmies on Alps. If gentlemen
will read what the fathers said on this subject
they will find that they held sentiments entirely
antagonistic to those which are advanced by
their eulogists. Let me read one or two
