26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
noble friend behind me, and borne out by the noble
' earl opposite, is one which cannot be listened to
without i eiding? oxeited in the high est degree in con-
sequence of the treatment to winch British subjects
have been subjected. Iam willing to admit, with
the noble earl, that every allowanceshou1d.be made
for the circumstances and the difficulties in which
the (government of the United States is placed, and
the position in which they stand with regard to the
civil war in which they are engaged. But X must
say that the course they have pursued with respect
to British subjects in America, notwithstanding the
remon?trances which have been from time to time
presented to them by Lord Lyons in the performance
of Ins duty, which he appears to have pursued with
great prudcnco, is most trying to the patience of this
nation. I think he was justiiiedin using strong lan-
guage with regard to the course which has been pur-
sued. That course was anything but in accordance
with tho * civi9 Homanus sunt' doctrine of the noble
lord at the head of the Government."
& ■{: is *H 1. * *
"I certainly do not recollect the ca^eof any person
being called on to take the oath of allegiance to the
United States except one, in which thoie was some
question with Lord Lj oils, and that was the case ot a
gentleman wiio had given notice of his intention to
become a citizen ot the United States." "" *
K < "'This gentleman, who was arrested, made
an appeal to tho British Government, and the answer
of Mr. Seward to the remonstrance addressed to him
was, 'This gentleman has renounced all allegiance
especially to her Majesty, Queen Victoria.' Tho
matter was lurther inquired into, and it was found
that Mr. Seward was wrong m his fact that this gen-
tleman had given notice that he intended to become
a citizen ot the United States, and to forswear all
allegiance to her Majesty, but ho still remained a
British subjcct. Ho had thus placed himself in a
position in winch ho could not claim the protection
oi either one Government or the other.
44The .Uarlol Donoughmore, without entering on
a discussion ot the general subject, desired to have
an explicit answer to one question, namely: whether
the noble earl at the head of foreign ailairs approved
ot tho course which had been adopted ot tendering
the oath oi allowance to a Biitish subject as a con-
dition to his being brought to trial? lie was of
opinion that no gieater insult could be olloicd to
anj man than to be iirst arrested by a foreign Gov-
ernment, and thi'U be required by that Government
to fui "ivo-ir alh'^ianeo to hb own and aiieginnee to
t heir's bflore the ohaige against him could bo invest-
igated. iio tiu^ted tlMfc a distinct answer to that
qiuMnm would be given by the noble earl.
"14 ul Ku^ell. 'i'Jje answer is, that so lar as Iknow
the Anici ican Government never tendoi cd the oath
ot allegiance to a Bi uish sobject, knowing him to be
a liutt^h subject. When informed by Lord Lyons
that a person arrested was a Biitish subjcct. Mr.
Seward once or twice icplied that he was not aware
oi the fact, and that he would takecare that the oath
should not be tendered to a British subject.
" The Earl of IJeiby Then it ,iUht conies to this,
that he had no meausof escaping from pi ison except
by taking tho oath.
"The £)arl of MalmeOmry a^ked the noble earl at
the head of foreignalhurs whether, among the papers
he had received trom adumalson the American sta-
tion and e iiisuls in .Atactica, lie had found any
account of tho actual condition of the blockade ot
t he confedcKitc Slates?" i--t.fi "Ho
was told that Mr. Mason, who caino over lieie, as
they all knew, to represent tho ca-,c of the southern
States, openly declared that no lessthan mx or seven
handled Mnps had hiokcn the blockade and passed
in and out ol the southern porhs."
1 quote these things to show that England,
like all nations which have any self-respect,
are prompt in tho vindication of the rights
ol their citl/.eny. I am glad always to give
her credit where I can. I have no haired
to waul England exccpt for her invasion of
rights of others, which she so promptly and
energetically vindicates far her own subjects.
J( wo are dead to all sense of national honor
can we not be aroused and stimulated by a
bright and honorable example? It is compe-
tent to be taught our duty even by an enemy.
What further can I say to rouse this House to
a .sense of its duty? _ Sir, we must meet this
question, and meet it now. "We must bring
our children home, and that speedily. Every
citizen of this .Republic to whom was denied
in England a trial by a jury of half foreigners,
as provided in her laws, shall come home.
Every citizen of this Kepublic, native and
naturalized, unjustly deprived of liberty shall
return, and shall be compensated fully and
liberally^ We must pay them and collect the
amount from the wrongdoers. These claims
are of trauscendeuUy greater importance than
the Alabama claims: one is of greenbacks,
gold, and such trash; the other is life, honor,
self-respect, everything that makes a nation
nobly grand or ignobly base. When shall the
demand for their release ring out from these
Halls with the immediate alternative of war?
A prompt demand on the point of the nation's
sword will avert war. but even at the risk of
war remember that it is the honor of the Com-
monwealth.
Sir, I wish to emphasize the declaration that
there never was a nation, ancient or modern,
strong or weak, civilized or barbarian, that
quietly and tamely submitted to such insults to
its citizens as we have for years and are to-
day quietly enduring from England. If I
could so arrange it, ail business and pleasure
and social enjoyments should cease till we had
given to England the alternative of immedi-
ately releasing our citizens imprisoned as I
have described with such ceremonies as she
demanded from us on returning to her Messrs.
Mason and Slidell, or war with the whole
power of the Commonwealth. And until
this is done I shall give myself and you no
peace. Every time I can get the floor I shall
keep it before you till you act. I shall make
privileged questions an occasion for again and
again renewing it. I shall move the impeach-
ment of everybody impeachable and to cen-
sure everyone censurable tillyouact upon this
matter or call me to account for annoying you,
and then I shall welcome your censure, for I
would rather be expelled from this House than
remain here if these indignities are to be
tamely endured 5 or if I find that you will not
act either with me or against me, 1 shall move
a declaration of war against England, upon
which I think I can promise a vote by yeas
and nays. And if this House still refuse to
demand the release of Warren, Costello, and
others similarly wrongfully imprisoned citizens
I shall resign my seat here and refuse to be-
come particeps criminis in this national dis-
grace aud this shameful dereliction of public
duty.
Sir, I have spoken warmly and earnestly
upon this subject. Ain I not excusable?
Shall my excuse not be found in the sacred-
ness of my cause? 1 luive 110 desire, for I
have 110 right, to assume any superior devo-
tion in this or any other patriotic measure. I
know that if every member here knew and saw
the facts as I know and see thein this House
would suffer no adjournment till this national
disgrace should be effaced. 1 would not offend
any member of the House, nor speak a harsh
word toward any from whom I have received
so much kindness; but have I not an interest
—not superior, but equal to yours—in the
honor of this country? My children with
yours will rejoice in its glory or suffer under
its disgrace, and if J have spoken harshly or
roughly it was to rouse you to your duty.
Over six months ago we declared that England
was punishing American citizens for words and
acts spoken and done in the United States.
It has been declared here by one of our most
distinguished members that if so it involves the
peace, and, what is more, the honor of the com-
monwealth. The facts you have in print. If
they are not as I have represented, why does
not this House or its proper committee say
so? It'they are as I have represented them,
why do we delay the execution of our duty?
There is work before you, and you have the
power and the means to do it. Oh, for one
day of patriotic action upon this subject, with
a demand for the rights of our citizens ; and if
war should come of it, oh for an opportunity
to watch tho progress of that war in which with
the armies of our recently divided country
united, we should forget our former strife,
cease from our insane internal bickerings and
our measures to oppress and injure each other,
and under the united command of Grant and
Lee, of Hancock and Longstreet, of Sheridan
and Johnson, strike one blow, effectual for
ever, for the glory of our flag and the sanctity
of our citizenship.
1 have been abused and misrepresented for
the earnestness with which I have pressed this
subject upon public attention ; but there is a
future, and in that future I shall stand approved,
and my children will point with pleasure to the
part I took, and your children will wonder that
you hesitated so long to do what you must yet
do—demand the immediate release of your im-
prisoned citizens, or summon your army and
navy to sweep from the seas and vanquish on
the land every power that opposes their libera-
tion.
I now yield the remainder of my time to my
colleague, [Mr. Wood.] I believe that indefi-
nite time was given me by unanimous consent
of the House; but assuming that 1 am to bo
limited to the hour, I will yield the remainder
of the hour to my colleague.
The SPEAKER jjro tempore, (Mr. Broom-
all in the chair.) The hour of the gentleman
will terminate in three minutes.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I concur entirely
with my colleague [Mr. Robisson] in what he
has said upon this question. I myself have
witnessed the repeated efforts he has made to
call the attention of this House to the gravity
and importance of this great question. But I
have at times differed with him as to the mode
by which he sought to accomplish an object
certainly desirable to accomplish, and one
which comes home to every American citi-
zen.
Early in 1867, after the arrest of Colonel
Warren, I looked upon this as a question more
directly for the executive department of the
Government to take action upon. In that view
of the subject 1- made an application to the
President of the United States to interpose,
not his "good offices," but his high official
authority, in order that, this American citizen,
then in prison in Ireland, should be restored to
liberty and to his country. The President
entertained that proposition and brought the
subject before his Cabinet, and at a Cabinet
meeting the Secretary of State was directed to
communicate with the then British minister,
Mr. Bruce, upon that question. I myself saw
a copy of the conference which was then placed
upon paper between the then British minister
and our Secretary of State. I saw also a copy
of a telegraphic dispatch which, at the instance
of the President and Secretary of State, Mr.
Bruce sent to his own Government for the
immediate release of Colonel Warren and Gen-
eral Nagle, and I have reason to believe'that
but for the early and untimely death of the
then British minister, which took place in
Massachusetts, as we all know, under circum-
stances very painful, his good offices, through
the action of the executive department of our
Government, would have effected the release
of these gentlemen, and they would to-day
have been at liberty. Still, I concur fully
with my colleague in the judgment that both
Houses of Congress have been derelict in not
giving strong and emphatic expression in ref-
erence to this insult to our Government in the
persons of its citizens.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ROBINSON. I now ask that my reso-
lution may be adopted.
The SPEAKER tempore, (Mr. Broom-
all.) Bv general consent the House ordered
that no business should be transacted this after-
noon after the remarks of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Robtxsox.] The onlymution
that can be entertained by the Chairis a motion
to adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The resolution of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Robinson]
will be pending if the House now adjourns.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The resolu-
tion is not now before the House. The gen-
tleman from New York was simply allowed to
make his remarks.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I supposed theintrodue-
tion of the resolution was part of the object for
which the gentleman from New York obtained
obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The only
question put to the House was whether the
gentleman from New York should be allowed
forty-five minutes to address the House, which
time was afterward extended to one hour.
Mr. ROBINSON". Then I must cull the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The only
motion the Chair can entertain is to now ad-
journ.
Mr. ROBINSON. Then I move that the
