1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
979
expressions. Mr. Madison said when discussing
this question :
"The right of suffrage is certainly one of the funda-
mental articles of republican government and ought
not to be left to be regulated by the Legislature. A
giadual abridgment of this right has been the mode
in which aristocracies have been built, on the ruins
of popular forms.''—Madison Papers, vol. 3, p. 1253.
Dr. Franklin said:
"It is of great consequence that we should not de-
press the virtue and public spiritof our common peo-
ple, of which they displayed a great deal during the
war, and which contributed principally to the favor-
able issue of it. He related the honorable relusal of
the American seamen, who were carried iu great
numbers into the British prisons during the war, to
redeem themselves from misery or to seek their for-
tunes by entering on board the ships of the enemies
to their countiy, contrasting their patriotism with a
contemporary instance in which the British seamen
made prisoners by the Americans readily entered on
the ships ot the latter, on being promised a share of
the prizes that might bo made out of their own coun-
try." * * * * "He did not think that
the elected had any right in any case to narrow the
privilegesof the electors."—Ibid., p. 125-1.
What would those men have said to the prop-
osition that a class more numerous than the
whole population of the country in their day,
■who were born here and who were tree citizens,
should be entirely disfranchised, and that, too,
under the claim of democracy? You cannot
turn to any of the debates in the Convention in
reference to suffrage without finding the spirit
of those great men in perfect harmony with the
spirit of this amendment. All that is proposed
by this amendment is to permit the people of
this country to determine whether suffrage shall
as to this numerous class be destroyed. Itdoes
not take away from the States the right to reg-
ulate. It leaves the States to declare in favor
of or against female suffrage ;• to declare that a
man shall vote when he is eighteen or when he
is thirty-five ; to declare that he shall not vote
unless possessed of a freehold, or that he shall
not vote unless he has an education and can
read the Constitution. The whole question of
suffrage, subject to the restriction that there
shall be no discrimination on account of race,
isleftas it now is; and yet Senators on the other
side of the Chamber have discussed this ques-
tion before the people as if we really were taking
away all power from the States. Instead of
taking away power we are submitting it to the
American people to say whether or not it is
their will that the States of this nation shall
preserve a republican character by suffering
free, arms-bearing citizens to vote.
Mr. President, the Democracy profess to
sympathize much with the South, because they
liave had negro suffrage, as they say, imposed
upon them against their will. The effect of
this amendment is to harmonize this subject
all over the land ; if there is a prejudice be-
cause it is considered a disgrace to have negroes
vote, we remove the disgrace and prejudice by
applying it to the whole country. I believe,
sir, that the councils of the nation were de-
prived of the benefit of the valuable services
of the Presiding Officer of this body because
he believed that the northern people were hon-
orable enough when they had imposed negro
suffrage on the South to take it upon them-
selves, and he acted on that belief; and I do
not know that an honorable and useful career
in the Senate could be better terminated than
by making such a sacrifice to so noble a prin-
ciple.
We have tried universal suffrage at the South,
andit hasanswered well. It has answered well
because a principle is always true to itself; and
if universal suffrage unqualified is a success at
the South will not impartial suffrage, guarded
as it may be at the North, by such qualifications
as the people themselves impose, do equally
well 1 May we not find in this amendment a
solution of all the difficulties that hang around
the suffrage question and a platform upon
which this whole nation may in a year or two
harmoniously meet? Give the ballot equally
to all and the people will sec that it is not im-
properly restricted or abused. There is more
strength, power, and vitality in the great prin-
ciple which lies at the foundation of the Gov-
ernment and without which the Republic is a
great carcass within the broad extended ribs
of which there is no soul; there is more vitality
and strength, I say, in this principle of human
equality before the law than there is faith in
the principle even in the minds of its advo-
cates. I am not afraid to trust it.
There have been a number of amendments
offered to this proposition. One was offered
by the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,]
the effect of which was to take the regulation of
suffrage from the States and give itto the Gen-
eral Government. I am not prepared to vote
for such an amendment now, and unless it
should in the future history of this country be-
come necessary I think suffrage is better where
our fathers placed it, guarded as we now pro-
pose. Of course the recently reconstructed
States are subject to the further conditions as
to suffrage lately imposed on the renewal of
their relations to the General Government,
Another amendment from the same Senator
is to make this amendment inapplicable to per-
sons of foreign birth. The reason for this prop-
osition, doubtless, is that those States which
are on or near to the Pacific coast dread the
immigration of Asiatics. I sympathize some-
what with their views. I am not in favor of
giving the rights of citizenship or the right of
suffrage to either pagans or heathen. I believe
that the history of this country, and its laws as
well as the spirit of the people, declare just as
clearly that this is a Christian as a free coun-
try ; and I am not in favor of taking steps
backward into the slough of ignorance and of
vice, even under the cry of progress. This
subject, however, can be regulated in the natu-
ralization laws. That is the place to attend to
it. This amendment only secures the right of
suffrage to the citizens of the United States.
Another amendment has been offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,]
and I do not, in attempting to make a few ob-
servations in reply, accept the challenge so
gallantly made to all the lawyers of the Sen-
ate. The fact is as I listened to him I almost
felt sorry that any one knew that I had ever
made a livelihood by the practice of that black
art. I certainly do not come to accept that
challenge. I have no sling; no smooth peb-
ble from the brook—I come to make a sugges-
tion or two, desiring that they may enter the
mind of the Senator, and not that any barbed
missile shall do him any injury, of which, how-
ever, there is no danger. I listened to his ar-
gument judicially, for I had formed an opinion
somewhat favorable to the view which he ad-
vocated ; I had even expressed it in the Sen-
ate ; but in looking at the whole ease I cannot
reach his conclusions.
The proposition of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts is not that a bill- shall be introduced
and adopted, the validity and constitutionality
of which may be tested or which can be en-
forced ; but he proposes to substitute the legis-
lation of Congress for this amendment. To
come to the conclusion that such a course
would be wise we must be satisfied that be-
yond doubt the General Government has the
constitutional right as against the States to
'regulate suffrage. Let us see if there is no
doubt as to the correctness of that conclusion.
The Convention that framed the Constitu-
tion had this matter under consideration and
concluded that the right to regulate suffrage
was and should remain with the States and not
with the General Government, and they thought
that they so framed the Government. For
brevity I will read from Curtis on the Consti-
tution rather than from the State Papers. Mr.
Curtis, in his work, says:
"Another difficulty whieh attended the adjustment
of the right of suffrage grew out of the widely differ-
ing qualifications annexed to that right under the
State constitutions, and the consequent dissatisfac-
tion that must follow any effort to establish distinct
or special qualifications under the national Constitu-
tion. In some of the States the right of voting was
confined to " freeholders;" in others—and by farthe
greater number—it was extended beyond the holders
of landed property, and included many other classes
of the adult male population, while in a iew it em-
braced every male citizen of full age who was raised
at all above the level of the pauper by the smallest
evidence of contribution to the public burdens, ihe
consequence, therefore, of adopting arty separate
system of qualifications for the right of voting under
the Constitution of the United States would have
been that in some of the States there would be per-
sons capable of voting for the highest State officers,
and yet not permitted to vote for any officer of the
United States; and that in the other States persons
not admitted to the exercise of the ri^ht under the
State constitution might have enjoyed it in national
elections." * ****** *
The committee of detail, after areview of all tnese
considerations, presented a scheme that was well
adapted to meet the difficulties of the cage. They
proposed that the same persons who, by the laws pf
the several States, were admitted to vote for mem-
bers of the most numerous branch of their own
Legislatures, should have the right to vote for the
Representatives in Congress, The adoption of this
principle avoided thenecessitv of disfranchi&mj? any
portion of the people of a State by a system of qual-
ifications unknown to theirlaws.—Curtig's Htstvry of
the Constitution, vol. 2, pages 198,199, 200.
Then came another difficulty. They said if
we leave this subject to the States, they having
the right of naturalization, will naturalize for-
eigners too freely, and they will vote for national
officers. To meet this difficulty the whole sub- ,
jeet of naturalization was placed in the hands
of the General Government; and with this com-
promise the subject was adjusted. The con-
vention thought they had given the regulation
of suffrage to the States.
Then, when we look to the tenth article of
the amendment we find that it declares that
the powers not delegated to the United States
by the Constitution nor prohibited by it to the
States, are reserved to the States respectively
or to the people.1'
And now, to make it perfectly clear that the
national Government has the constitutional
right to regulate suffrage, so that we can sub-
stitute the proposed law of Congress for the
amendment, we ought to be able to turn to the
place in the Constitution of the United States
where the States do delegate affirmatively to
the national Government this right; for, at
the date of that amendment, it unquestionably
was a right belonging to the States. But, in
looking at the Constitution, we do not find any
such affirmative delegation of power; but on
the other hand we do find something that looks
very much like an affirmative declaration on
the part of the national Government that the
right still remains with the States, as^the Con-
ventionjntended, for the second section of the
first article says that uthe House of Repre-
sentatives shall be composed ot members'
voted for by electors having " the qualifications
requisite for electors of the most numerous
branch of the Sta,te Legislature."
Some hold thaUhat constitution spoke only
at its date, and that at xhat time all the States,
with the exception of South Carolina, gave the
ballot without regard to race, and that hence
the qualifications requisite for electors of the
most numerous branch of the State Legislature
were without distinction of race; but by look-
ing into the debates we find that tbe shape in
which this article was reported by the ^com-
mittee of detail" was ''requisite irom time to
time in the States," and when it was reviewed
those words were probably considered unneces-
sary, because a fundamental law speaks in
presents it speaks to-day as certainly as the
day on which it first took effect.
We next come to the fourteenth amendment,
and under that I at one time thought, and ex-
pressed the impression, that we might find the
power to regulate suffrage by legislation, but
on examination I think the power is not there.
It provides that—
"All persons born or naturalized in the United
States, and subjeot to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of the United States and of the States
-wherein they reside.
"No iitato sliall mako or enforce any law which
shall abridge the,privileges and immunities ot the
citizens of the United States.1
It is a very significant point that that amend-
ment omits the word "rights." It does not
say that "no State shall abridge the rights,
privileges, and immunities of citizens of the
United States." The argument of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, to which I listened
with so much pleasure, was based upon the
position that it was the natural right of the
I African as a man, in a republics# Goyeru-
I ment, to have the ballot. If he be correct in
