mm
'MM mmmmcmm *©lgjok
sion, to incorporate into m appropriation bill
a provision which,.is to take & large amountout
of tke Treasujywhen there has been no oppor-
tunity of examining it through any committee
of this body and placing the facts on record.
Mr. President, this case bears no analogy,
iu the manner of its presentation to the Sen-
ate, tp the ease of the State of Maryland about
which so much has been said. That caae un-
derwetit investigation here, and- a separate bill
was. passed by both Houses of Congress ten
years before the provision was put into the
appropriation bill which has been referred to
in this debate- On the 13tli of May, 1826,
there was passed an act authorizing the pay-
ment of interest due to the State of Maryland.
Prior to the passage of that act doubtless the
whole relations of the State of Maryland to the
United States in reference to the war of 1812
underwent a rigid scrutiny, and Congress de-
cided finally that it was right and proper, under
the peculiar circumstances of that case, that
interest should be allowed to the State of Mary-
land ; but it was more than ten years after that
act was passed that the money was paid. Here,
without the passage of any such act on the
part of Congress with reference to the claim
of Massachusetts, we are called upon, in the
last hours of a session, to order the payment
of an amount of interest which no Senator on
this floor can with certainty say what it is
Mr. SUMNER. I have told the Senator
already once that I am ready to say what it is.
Mr. DRAKE. And I will venture to say
that if the honorable Senator's colleague, or
the Senator from Maine, will undertake to
make a computation, it will differ materially
from that of the honorable Senator who has
just taken his seat.
Mr. SUMNER. It is impossible.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not see how it is impos-
sible. How does the honorable Senator know
what proportion of the amount claimed here is
that upon which Massachusetts Daid interest, or
lost interest by the payment o{it?
Mr. SUMNER. Because I am not ignorant
of the history of my Slate.
Mr. DRAKE. Has the honorable Senator
ever examined the account of Massachusetts
against the Government? Has he ever gone
over it in detail? Has he ever gone over it to
ascertain how much of the amount claimed by
Massachusetts was money that she borrowed
and paid interest for, or how much of it she
lost interest upon by converting interest-bear-
ing funds into money to realize for the occa-
sion ? No, sir, he does not know it; nor does
any other living man know it; and how, then,
can he say that the amount which he would
state, however honestly he might state it, would
be the correct amount ? Sir, he knows that it
cannot be so as well as I do.
Mr. President, we are not only called upon
to do all this without any previous investiga-
tion of the claim of Massachusetts in such man-
ner as is our wont in such cases, but we are
called to assume that this claim was settled and
liquidated in 1837, directly in the fa«e of the
facts. The whole stress of the argument of
the honorable Senator from Maine in favor of
this amendment was derived from the fact, as
he averred it, that the claim was liquidated in
1837, when there is not in my judgment a single
fact to justify that assertion. 1 wish to ex-
amine that point, because it is a very important
fact in this case. The Senator from Maine, as
doubtless the Senator from Massachusetts, puts
this matter upon the ground of liquidation by
the report of Secretary Poinsett in 1837. Now,
sir, what are the facts ? He simply made a
report to the House of Representatives in pur-
suance of a resolution of that body. He gave
them the information ; he made the examina-
tion in obedience to aresolntion of one House
of Congress, not under an authority of the two
Houses. He did not act as an accounting
officer. He acted with no authority of Con-
gress. He was simply required by one House
to make a report to that. House, and he mad'e
a report: and now it is claimed that that re-
port is a liquidation of the claim. Sir, what
is; a liquidation of an open -claim, aft open
account, but an agreement by the party against
whom it is alleged that it is right It • ,
Mr: HOWARD. What is the date of that
report?
Mr. DRAKE. December 23, 1837. If I
have A claim-in open account against another
which rests upon evidence to establish it, it
never can be considered liquidated until that
party agrees that the amount clainaedby me
is the correct amount, or we agree upon some
amount. I say that you cannot base upon this
report of the Secretary of War .any such thing
as a liquidation by the United States of this
elaim. ' Why did they not go to the Secre-
tary of War and get payment according to that
report? Simply because it was a mere re-
port giving ^information. They must come,
then, to Congress, and they did come to Con-
gress ; and the resolution of May 14, 1836,
was passed which authorized him to receive
certain evidence as establishing the claim.
Then, they go- on further, after giving, that
authority, and let the matter rest until 1859.
Then it was, and not before, that under the
act of March 8, 1859, the authority was given
in pursuance of the resolution of 1836 ; then
it was, and.never before, that Congress recog-
nized the validity of the amount of' this claim
and ordered it to be paid ; and yet it is asserted
that twenty-two years before that time, upon
the mere fact of the report of a Secretary of
War, the claim had been liquidated. Sir,, there
can be no more unfounded assertion than that
which considers that this claim was ever liquid-
ated prior to the act of March 3, 1859.
These being the simple facts of the case, I
say that the act of liquidation on the part of
the Government was simultaneous with the
payment of the amount ascertained by that act
to be due. or, if not simultaneous, that the
amount ascertained by that act to be due was
paid as soon afterward as it could be in the
ordinary forms of proceedings in the Treasury
Department. They took the amount which
after so great a lapse of time had been thus
liquidated upon their own statements, upon
their own proofs. And they took it in satisfac-
tion of their claim. Not a word was said about
interest prior to the payment of that money;
not a word for long years after about interest;
not a word of previous ascertainment of the
liability to interest; not a word about any pre-
vious ascertainment of the amount of the inter-
est or the rules upon which it should be al-
lowed. But, sir, in the progress of time, some
hunter-up of old things finds here what he sup-
poses to be a claim against the Government for !
interest, and forthwith there looms up before
his vision a fortune for himself as the discov-
erer of this claim, and a fortune for some rail-
road company, all to begot through a grant of
the States of Massachusetts and Maine; and
that is the thing that brings this claim here
now, without, as I understand it, any authority
from the governments of either Massachusetts
or Maine.
Mr. President, if there is one principle of law
which is as well settled as any other principle
of law, it is that a man who, after having an
open account against another, receives the
total amount of that account, without laying
any claim to interest upon it, he is forever
barred from claiming interest. We are ex-
pected here, if we allow the claftn, to go in the
teeth o f that principle of law. We are expected,
in other words, to turn over as a mere gratuity
to Maine and Massachusetts a sum ranging any-
where from $700,000 to three or four or five
times that amount.
Sir, there is no more dangerous thing that
we can do in connection with the Treasury of
the United States than thus to make drafts
upon it in the last days of the session upon the
urgency of Senators here, no matter how highly
distinguished and honorable and illustrious
they may be. If this claim is good, then I
shall present immediately a claim on behalf of
my own State. You allowed her $6,700,000
for her war expenses. Not one single dollar
of that amount was ever expended by her with-
out paylnginterestupon it. On that $6,700,'000
an interest probably- of one quarter of its full
amount, perhaps one third, -was paid out by
the people of Missouri in the midst of their
sufferings from the rebellion. It was consid-
ered lost, given up, laid as a sacrifice upon the
altar of our country'sgoodi And now we have
to go back to pay Massachusetts interest on
claims for defending hrer neighborhood Sgaittst
false alarms in the war of 1812.' "
Mr. CONKLING. Was not yours raised
upon interest-bearing funds? " '
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. But you actually paid it?
Mr. DRAKE. Missouri actually paid every
dollar of the interest. That State has paid,
principal and interest, every dollar of that war
debt.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. And your vouch-
ers were here for two or three years before you
were paid.
Mr. DRAKE.. Certainly. Mr. President,
I dislike very much to be brought into antag-
onism with Senators so distinguished as those
from Massachusetts and Maine, and for whom
I have so great a respect, but I must be per-
mitted to say that in my judgment a more in-
defensible claim, presented in a more inde-
fensible manner before the Senate of the
United States, it has not been my fortune to
have observed in the course of my experience
in this body.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Missouri tells us that the claim now
before the Senate is extraordinary in charac-
ter. Sir, it is my duty now to say to him in
reply that the opposition is most extraordinary
in character. If the claim is extraordinary it
is because of the long default of the nation to
one of the States of the Union. It is not ex-
traordinary in any other respect. It is kindred
to a large family of claims already amply sat-
isfied, principal and interest, by the votes of
Congress. It is rather hard that Massachu-
setts, who has so long been kept out of this
money by a reason that I will in a moment ex-
plain, should be obliged to encounter at this
time the opposition of a Senator like my dis-
tinguished friend from Missouri.
It was in 1837 that a report from the Secre-
tary of War declared that there was a large
sum due Massachusetts from the national Gov-
ernment. Why was it not paid at that time?
Consult the history of your country and you
will find a very easy answer. It was in that
very year that the Legislature of Massachusetts
signalized itself by demanding of the national
Government the abolition of slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. It was during that very year
and the succeeding years for nearly a genera-
tion that Massachusetts sent her petitions into
this Chamber demanding the abolition of sla-
very not only in the District of Columbia, but
in all the Territories of the United States. It
was in that very year that John Quincy Adams
in the other branch of Congress made himself
illustrious by representing this great cause.
And now, what was the penalty paid by the State
which he represented? It was the constant,'
bitter, abiding hostility of the dominant party
and of the slave power which ruled this Repub-
lic. Senators need not be reminded how active
that opposition was from 1837 to 1859. The
principle of this claim was recognized by Con-
gress as early as 1837, but there could be no
appropriation for its payment until a late day.
This is the secret of the default from which
Massachusetts has suffered.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to say a word here ?
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the honorable Sen-
ator will allow me to go on.
Mr. DRAKE. I think the honorable Sen-
ator interrupted me at least four times.-
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; the Senator^
shall go on to any extent.
Mr. DRAKE. I merely wish the honorable
Senator to explain to the Senate how it is that
the State of Maryland had to wait from the
13th of May, 1826, to the 3d of March, 1867,
thirty-one years, before she got the money and
