1868.
TffE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
"We can well afford to "let the galled jade
wince" for " our withers are unwrung." If the
motion that 1 rnade can result in what the Sena-
tor has told us, I should be more than satis-
fied, and be willing, as I really am, with the
consent of the Senate, to withdraw the motion
now, namely, that the message should secure a
wider reading by reason of this motion than
otherwise; for to read it will be enough for its
condemnation. A President of the United
States has no right, under the constitutional
requirement that he shall communicate with
the legislative department of the Government,
to offensively thrust language and opinions
before them. In this document, as in preced-
ing ones, the President has taken that course ;
this being, as I think, the most offensive that
has ever yet been presented.
I was about to rise, agreeing with my friend,
the Senator from Massachusetts, to withdraw
the motion that I had made, with the consent
of the Senate. I did not think the opportunity
that was given by this extraordinary message
should be allowed to pass without noting its
offensiveness. And now, sir, if the Senate will
consent, I withdraw the motion I made.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The motion
will be withdrawn, unless there be objection.
Mr. CAMERON. If the motion be with-
drawn, I presume I can renew it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not think the Pres-
ident has any right to come here and lecture
the Congress of the United States. So far as
I have been able to look at the message, I
think it is an entire misstatement of facts, and
in it the President is endeavoring to make a
false impression upon the public mind. It is
not his duty to lecture us. It is his duty to
give us such information as may be in his pos-
session of the actual condition of the country.
In my opinion he has disgraced the place he
holds for nearly Tour years, and I do not think
it is in accordance with the dignity of the Sen-
ate that we shall allow him to attempt to lec-
ture us upon his going out. It is the last
opportunity he will have of addressing from a
high place the people of this country, and I
am not willing that he shall make us the chan-
nels through which he shall send his untruths
to the country, or make the false impression
which he desires to make. I renew the motion
which was made by the Senator from Califor-
nia; or, if that be more proper, I object to its
withdrawal.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I do not
agree with the distinguished Senator from
Pennsylvania. It is the duty of the President
to send us this message, and it is our duty
under ihe Constitution to hear it. The refusal
to hear it will be regarded as a mere matter of
spite, and will do- the President less harm than
it will do ourselves. I think the Senate will
belittle itself by such action. I hope the mes-
sage will be read through.
Mr. DRAKE. I confess, sir, to somewhat
of surprise at the sensitiveness manifested by
some gentlemen with regard to this message.
A year ago the President of the United States
sent to us a message very considerably more
offensive in its character than this, and we sat
and took it with most exemplary patience and
good humor. I deemed it my duty then to
introduce a resolution of censure upon the
President for that message, and I addressed
the Senate in support of that resolution, but I
could get no response here ; and I do not see
now that we should manifest more sensitive-
ness than we did then. On the contrary, I
think we have rather got used to Executive
kicks, and it is hardly worth while, when the
last one is given, that we should turn round
and resent it. I think that the time was a year
ago to have begun the resentment. I am in
favor of having this message read. I do not
see that we are to be any more insulted than
we have been heretofore, when we tamely
bore it.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Morton] states that it was the duty of
the President, under the Constitution, to send
us this message, and he adds to that the state-
ment that it is the duty of the Senate, under
the Constitution, to hear this message. I am
obliged, with great deference to the Senator, to
differ from both those statements. I do not
conceive that it was the duty, or the privilege
of the President even, under the Constitution,
to send us this message. It is his duty, under
the Constitution, to send us a message annually,
communicating to us such facts as he becomes
possessed of as the Executive of the nation,
and which he may suppose the Congress is not
possessed of. The language to which I object
is not language employed in communicating to
us facts, but it is communicating to us opinions
upon subjects touching which we have all the
facts that he has, and are supposed by the
Constitution to be as capable of forming opin-
ions upon as he himself. But whatever may
be the subject-matter of the message, or what-
ever may be the terms employed in it, I hum-
bly conceive that there is nothing in the Con-
stitution which requires the Senate to sit and
hear any message read, however respectful it
may be. It has been the habit of the Senate,
because it has been its experience that only
respectful messages have been sent, to sit and
listen to them ; and a very respectful habit it
is, and one that I should not care to see dis-
pensed with so long as the Executive preserves
the habit of sending here only respectful mes-
sages.
The Senator from Missouri says that we had
occasion to resent a message a year ago. IJer-
haps so. I think so. I did not hear that mes-
sage read, and was not in the Senate when it
was read, nor in the country. I should not,
perhaps, have ventured to make the motion
now before "the Senate myself. Being made,
I support it. The Senator from Massachu-
setts, on the contrary, opposes it for the most
extraordinary reasons that I think were ever
urged in the world. Conceding that the lan-
guage employed is both disrespectful and un-
truthful, he still insists upon the Senate sitting
here and listening to that which is disrespect-
ful and untruthful. I do humbly conceive that
the Senate can be better employed.
If any one on this floor or elsewhere .sup-
poses that I object to the reading of this mes-
sage here because I think the refusal to hear
it read will be calculated to prevent its being
read by the country he strangely mistakes me
and my motives. I have not the slightest
objection to the country's hearing this mes-
sage. I desire that it shall be printed and go
to the country as an expression of the views
still animating the President of the United
States. But I do not think we are obliged to
sit here in our places and hear such statements
as this before us read, coming from the Pres-
ident, the bold declaration that—■
" One hundred millions annually are expended for
the military force, a large portion of which is em-
ployed in the execution of laws both unnecessary
and unconstitutional."
If the Senator from Indiana will find in the
Constitution a clause which obliges us to sit
here and listen to language of this kind, unless
it be urged by a Senator on this floor, when of
course we must hear it, and have heard it
perhaps too many times; but when it is sent
to us in a written communication from the
Executive, if he can find the clause in the
Constitution which obliges us to sit here and
have it read by our officers, I will submit^ to
the Constitution, as I always do ; but I think
it will trouble him to find any such clause.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move, or shall in a
moment, that the Senate adjourn. The busi-
ness of the Senate will be facilitated, I may say,
inasmuch as we are without committees at this
time, by an early adjournment to-day, and this
question about the message can be taken up
to-morrow. I move, therefore, that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes-26,-noes 22 ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 9, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
DISABILITIES OP FRANKLIN 3. MOSES.
Mr. PAINE, from the Committee on Recon-
struction, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1484) to
relieve from disabilities Franklin J. Moses, of
South Carolina; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. PAINE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction to ask that this bill
be put on its passage now, and after a brief
explanation I shall ask the previous question.
Mr. Moses has been lately elected chief justice
of the State of South Carolina. He was for
twenty-five years a member of the senate of
that State before and during the rebellion.
Since the rebellion he has been president of
the senate and a judge of the circuit court.
The law under which he was appointed chief
justice required him to qualify within thirty
days from the date of his appointment. He
was unable to do so because Congress has not
been in session for business since July last.
By a special act of the Legislature of South
Carolina, the time within which he might qual-
ify was extended for five months. That time
will expire on the 29th day of this month, so
that this bill, in order to be of any avail to him
and the State of South Carolina, must be passed
at once. The removal of disabilities in this
case is recommended unanimously by the sen-
ate of South Carolina, and, I believe, by all the
members of the lower house oftheLegislature of
that State. I submit that recommendation, to
be printed as a part of the rccord in this case;
and I also present, for the same purpose, a
letter of Major General Canby to General
Grant, and a letter of the Governor of South
Carolina, both recommending the relief of Mr.
Moses from his disabilities.
The documents arc as follows:
Columbia, South Carolina,
November 25,1808.
We, the subscribing members of the senate and
house ot representatives of tbe State of South Caro-
lina, rcspeetfulty request our Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress to take action for the speedy
removal of the political disabilities of lion. l!\ J,
Moses, chief justice of tho supremo court of suid
State: JONATHAN J. WRIGHT,
Senator Jrom Beaufort.
T. J. COGIILAN,
Senator from Sumter.
W.B.NASH,
Senatorfrom Ilicldnnd.
G. A. SWAILS,
Senator from WiUiavihbiu g.
CHARLES W. MONTGOMERY,
President Senate pro tempore.
FRANK ARMIN,
Senatorfrom Edgefield.
JOEL POSTER,
Senator from Spartanburg.
H.W.DUNCAN,
Senator from Union.
H. E. UAYNE,
Senator from Marion.
LUCIUS WIMBUSII,
Senatorfrom Chester.
WILLIAM E. ROSE,
Senator from York.
JOSEPH A. GREENE,
Senatorfrom Orangeburg.
J.H. REID,
Senator from Anderson.
Y. J. P. OWENS.
Senatorfrom Laurens.
W. R, HOYT,
Senator from Colleton.
R. JAMES DONALDSON,
Senator from Chesterfield.
D. BIEMANN,
Senator from Pickens.
T. A. ROGERS,
Senator from Piclcens.
H. BUCK,
Senatorfrom Marion.
G. W. BARBER,
Senator ft om Fairfield county.
R. B. ELLIOTT,.
liepresentative, Barnwell county.
J.N. HAYNE,
liepresentative, Barnwell county.
C. D. HAYNE,
Representative, Barnwell county.
JULIUS MAYER,
Representative, Barmoell county.
WILLIAM II. JONES, jr.,
liepresentative, Georgetown county.
