1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
981
it. _ I say, then, at the threshold, that in. my
opinion we arc bound to conduct this Govern-
ment on the basis of permitting the ballot to
every male citizen. It is my opinion that the
motive power which moves this vast machine,
the primary force in the body-politic, the ori-
ginal fountain from which springs all law-making
authority, is hereafter to be found in the great
mass of the people, without distinction of color
or race or personal qualities. While aiding
i.n rebuilding the shattered ruins of States in
the southern part of this Union, the attention
of some of us has been called "to this subject
in all its aspects; and 1 confess that, for one,
I have come to the conclusion, first, that we
ceuld not resist the overwhelming current of
public opinion in favor of universal suffrage
if we would; and, second, that it is absolutely
right and expedient that suffrage be bestowed
upon all men within this nation; so that we
have necessity as well as right impelling us to
this action.
In regard to the first proposition, it can be
said that nearly all the great Christian peoples
of the earth are moving in the direction of
giving entire and equal participation in the
affairs of State to all'men, and that if we take
any other course we must breast the great
swelling, sweeping current of thought and ac-
tion which characterizes this age. In England,
in Frane®, in Italy, in Austria, in Prussia, and
in Russia the people are acquiring daily more
privileges, and the movement advances like
the tide of the sea, steadily and surely, driven
on fcy the best brain and even the best states-
manship of Europe. And in America, where
the sarene air which follows the late stormy
years gives to us long and clear vision, the cur-
rent ef public opinion is even less easily re-
sisted. We hear to-day the potent voice of
the great North responded to by those now
tasting their first liberty in the South calling
us up to this action. The law-making power
of this nation is not able, if it so desired, to
resist this mighty pressure. As there are days
of storm and days of sunshine, so there are
eras clouded by injustice and eras when the
light ®f truth and equity fills the whole air. To
such an era have we arrived now, when men
see clearly, when truth becomes dominant,
when equity is not abashed and concealed,
when elevated and correct theories are in the
ascendant, when feaj and paralysis have not
seized upon the nobler energies of men, and
when prineiples strike into a higher plane and
assert supremacy, so that the moral sense of
this nation now demands this amendment in
obedience to the guarantees of our ancestors,
as well as to a sense of justice. It is the true
expediency of the law-making authority of the
nation to respect this temper of the people of
this country and the world.
Moreover, I think it is true policy to grant
this right to all people. There is no instance
on record in all history where a monarch ever
last anything by granting immunities to his
subjects ; and what is the history of all Chris-
tian nations for ten centuries but the history
of concessions from the ruler to the ruled, and
from the few to the many? The masses of the
people have been all the while during that time
acquiring privileges until when this nation was
founded all rights were accorded them so far
as t'.'e declarations of the founders were con-
cerned. Has not the nation prospered under
a Government founded on these principles?
A'.id has not the nation still prospered when,
reaching practically the ultimatum, it has con-
ferral the highest privileges of citizenship
upon all the citizens, black and white, of a
part of the country?
When it was proposed to confer the right to
vote upon the colored people of the South, we
all mneraberwhat evils were predicted. It was
said that these people were ignorant; that they
wen; incapable of exercising this function of
citizevs; that the local State governments were
to pass into the hands of the mob, and that i
confusion and disorder, if not anarchy, would i
ensue. What is the result? Why, sir, in sev- j
eral of those States in which the former slaves i
had by their votes a controlling voice there have
been adopted constitutions which embody the
highest principles that relate to government,
which are more liberal and beneficent than the
old ones which they superseded, while the gov-
ernments move on equably, justice being well
ad ministered, publicorderbeing well preserved,
and liberty permanently established*. I think
that our late experience in the southern States
has demonstrated that the Republic is safe in
the hands of all her people. We have now
conferred citizenship upon nearly all of this
nation. Let us go on and complete the work,
until we shall really have a Government by the
people, of the people, and for the people.
I am therefore in favor of this amendment,
first, because we have constitutional authority
to present it; second, because it is equitable,
under the early assumptions of the Govern-
ment, to insert it; and third, because it is ex-
pedient to do so.
I have hitherto made no discrimination among
the many forms of amendment which have been
offered. They mostly tend toward the same
purpose. Nearly any one of them would estab-
lish the principle which I think ought to be
established under our Constitution. But I
prefer to all an amendment of the character
suggested by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Morton,] because it is affirmative and distinct.
We ought to select some phraseology which
cannot be misunderstood or avoided. I ques-
tion whether the amendment of my colleague
[Mr. Pool] does not come nearer than any
other to what is required; and I therefore hope
that it will, with some slight modification, be
adopted.
I have purposely passed over the subterfuges
by which it has been attempted to defeat this
amendment, such as that of the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] who sets up the objec-
tion that all the States are not represented here,
and that therefore this action would be null; and
such as that of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Hexdricks,] who contends that the amend-
ment ought to be submitted to a convention;
and also such as that of the Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Dixon,] who contends that the
States are independent, and that therefore suf-
frage cannot be controlled by the United States
within their limits. All these ought to be classed
among the trivial expedients of politicians
rather than among the weighty reasons which
should influence the minds of those who con-
stitute the highest branch of the law-making
power of the nation. I suppose it were better
to brush all these special pleadings away, put
them into concealment, and look straight for-
ward to the consummation of this amendment.
Sir, the Republic now demands fair dealing
and honesty and equity to her great population.
I pretend to no sympathy with the shrinking,
cringing distrust exhibited by some Senators.
I cherish well regulated government. I desire
orderly and stable communities. I would not
ignore the experience of the past; but I trust
the honesty and good purposes of the whole
people of the nation, and 1 hold in low esteem
those whohaving been leaders in shapingevents
now become mere snaffles on the body-politic,
and who are continually terrified at new propo-
sitions or at new forms of propositions. What
is right and expedient for the national welfare,
let us do. Particularly, we must remember
that with us, under the assumptions of our
fathers, all power in the States is derived from
the whole people, and to the authority of that
people we, as law-makers, must constantly
defer. There is not one right for one man and
one for another, one now and one hereafter;
but one right shielding all people at all times,
or as the Roman orator said, and as we of the
South who have received this fianchise may
say to the other States, mm crit alia lex Bomce,
alia Athenis, alia nunc alia posthac, sed onines
gentes omni tempore una lex, el senipiterna et
immortalis eovtinebit.
Now, sir, we have some things to learn in
America as rulers of the State. Among t.hem
is, to be of good heart, bold, and confident
when we stand upon the solid rock of equity;
never to become. slav,e£ to ancient usages
and prejudices; never to follow those political
moles who burrow constantly in the earth, and
never see the daylight; and to cast aside the
pusillanimous and the cowardly who can see
nothing hopeful in the present or the future.
Let us place this amendment in the funda-
mental law of the land as an act of good faith,
as an act authorized by compact, as aji act
demanded by expediency.
Sir, I iiow desire to say a few words in re-
gard ta the apprehensions expressed during
this debate that the Federal Government is
making too great encroachments upon the
reserved rights of the States, and that this pro-
posed amendment is a special evidence of that
tendency in the Government. It is said th%t
we are in danger from the centralization of
power; that a great consolidated tyranny may
arise which will overawe the separate States
and finally trample upon the rights of the peo-
ple. I confess that 1 do not participate in
these apprehensions. Our dangers heretofore
as a nation and the dangers which have arisen
to safe and just government have not arisen
from centralization, but from decentralization.
Human liberty and the very existence of the
nation have been menaced for many years
under the guise of States rights. Why should
there be danger to the liberties of the people
from the General Government? The lower
House of Congress is elected directly from the
people, and is as purely a representative body
as can be found in the world; while the Sen-
ate is elected by the governments of States,
and is representative also. The chief execu-
tive officer of the nation is. elected directly by
the vote of the people. The Congress and the
Government are but an expression of the whole
people's will. There is no basis in its structure
on which to found a tyranny. When the peo-
ple of these States shall be oppressed, and
when the nation itself shall break into frag-
ments,! believe it will be, not from the tyranny
of the central power, but from the eolliding
interests and local animosities of sections, even
as the universe is not jarred by the sun which
hangs forever firmly in space, but Oy same
planet which may buist from its orbit.
I believe that the time has arrived when the
power of the General Government should bo
felt within every foot of its territory. I bslieve
that the time has come when it is the duty of
the Government to assert its supremacy and
protect life and property everywhere in the
United States; and if it has net authority
enough for the purpose now, I desire to see it
conferred. The Republic must be in America
the permanent paramount authority.
With one suggestion in regard to the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Buckalew,] I close. He proposes
to attach to this amendment .a proposition,
proper in itself, relative to the mode of elect-
ing President and Vice President. ButI prefer
that all appendages to the amendment shall be
stripped off; that it shall go out alone ard
unembarrassed; that its words of light may
fill a single article. If any change is to be
made in the mode of electing President, let us
adopt the plan of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, abolish the Electoral College, and pro-
vide for giving the ballot directly to the candi-
dates.
Mr. DAVIS addressed the Senate at length.
[See Appendix.]
Mr. WELCH. Mr. President, I desire to
offer a mere fragment of thought, not by any
means wearisome in length, but bearing upon a
point not, as it seems to me, sufficiently noticcd
by those who favor the measure before the
Senate. I should hesitate to prolong this dis-
cussion even by the few minutes I shall venture
to occupy if the reasons which may be urged
for the adoption of the proposed amendment
had been completely stated, leaving the gen-
eral argument of right of Congress to pass this
amendment to others. I propose to address
myself to the answering of a specific objection
to negro suffrage, which has been reiterated in
various phraseology during the last three days.
