mu
Tm OOWBESBIONAL #LOPE
Ma?efc I,
; Mr. MORTON. I should like, to, ask. the
Senator from Massachusetts one question for
information: whether the amount that was
allowed by the act of 1859 was placed upon the
same conditions and under the same limita-
tions with the amount that was allowed by the
^act of 1880 2,
Mr. SHERMAN. The act of 1859 refers to
the report of Mr. Poinsett. > «
Mr. SUMNER. I know that itdoes; but
there was an act in 1836 that some one has
taken from my table. I had it here.
Mr. WILSON. I wish simply to say, with
my colleague's permission, that in 1836 Con-
gress referred this matter to the Secretary of
War, and the Secretary of War made a report
in 1837 showing that Massachusetts had due
her $227,000. From that time until 1859 every
effort was made that could be made to obtain
its payment. On the 11th day of February,
1859, 1 introduced a bill here for its payment.
It went to the Committee on Military Affairs
and was referred in that committee to Mr.
Chesnut, of South Carolina, who made a thor-
ough investigation of it and a long" report to
the committee. The committee adopted it and
instructed me to report the bill. I prepared it
without amendment and agreed to report it,
but finally asked Mr. Davis, chairman of the
committee, if he would do it, and he said he
would do it as a personal favor to me. I sup-
posed it would be stronger here if it came from
him than from me, as I belonged to a small
party, and which it was said at that time had
not a healthy political organization ; and the
bill was passed at that time founded entirely
on Mr. Poinsett's report, Mr. Poinsett's re-
port being made on the terms of the act of
1836. I hope my colleague has found the act.
Mr. SUMNER. I have it in my hand.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have the report of Mr.
Poinsett.
Mr. SUMNER. I prefer to go by the statutes
of the land.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have the report before
me.
Mr. SUMNER. The statute of May 14,
1836, is as follows:
" Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the Secretary of War, in preparing his
report pursuant to a resolve of the House of Repre-
sentatives, agreed to oil the 24th of February, 1832,
be, and he hereby is, authorized, without regard to
existing rules and requirements, to receive such evi-
dence as is on file and any further proofs which may
be offered tending to establish the validity of the
claims of Massachusetts upon the United States or
any part thereof for services, disbursements, and ex-
penditures during the late war with Great Britain;
and in all cases where such evidence shall in his
judgment prove the truth of the items of claim, or
any part thereof, to act on the same in like manner
as if the proof consisted of such vouchers and evi-
dence as is required by existing rules and regulations
touching the allowance of such claims ; and that in
the settlement of claims of other States upon the
United States for services, disbursements, and ex-
penditures during the late war with Great Britain
the same kind of evidence, vouchers, and proof shall
be received as is herein provided for in relation to
theclaim of Massachusetts, the validity of which shall
be in like manner determined and acted upon by the
Secretary of War."
There, sir, you have it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now allow me to read
in this connection that report.
Mr..SUMNER. Letmefinish my sentence.
There you have it; Massachusetts by the law
of the land is j)ut on an equality with other
States, and that is all she now asks.
Mr. SHERMAN. That has been paid.
Mr. SUMNER. All that she asks is an
equality with other States. The Senator says
she has been paid. Of course he means that
her principal has been paid. The question
is whether you will deny interest on the prin-
cipal. How can you do it? You have not
denied the interest of any other State. Already
in this debate I have reminded you of other
States to whom you have paid interest—Vir-
ginia^ Maryland, Delaware, New York, South
Carolina; to all these you have paid interest.
You have paid interest to every State that had
a claim for advances during the war of 1812,
always excepting Massachusetts. I have asked
why Massachusetts was so long excepted?
It-sras because she was carrying the
anti-slavery which made her th& subject of vin-
dictive opposition in the Halls of Congress; and
now when that cause has triumphed is it not
hard that the delays to which she has been sub-
jected on account of her loyalty should be
brought against her ? Sir, J cannot compre-
hend it; but I am sore that the apposition
proceeds less from indisposition to do justice
than from ignorance of the question. In the
pressure of business Senators will not look into
it or make themselves acquainted with the
actual facts.
Mr. HOWARD. If the.honorable Senator
from Massachusetts will allow me, I wish to
inquire at what time Massachusetts first made
and presented her claim for interest upon these
advances and in what way it was done ? I find
nothing of the kind in the statutes, nor in the
reports or debates so far as I have been able
to investigate them.
Mr. SUMNER. I have already stated more
than once that when the final payment of the
principal was made in 1859 this country of ours
was on the verge of civil trouble. If Massa-
chusetts at that time was in no mood to. press
a claim for interest she ought not now to suffer.
Soon afterward she took her part in the strife
and gave her money awl her blood to carry the
great cause. When the cause was won, then
through her agents, and among others her late
honored Governor, John A. Andrew, Massa-
chusetts appeared here. Governor Andrew was
received by both the committees of Congress
to which the subject had been referred—now
about four years ago. I had the honor myself
as chairman of the committee of this body to
preside at a joint meeting of the two commit-
tees, before which that distinguished citizen
made an eloquent argument. Then, sir, was
the claim, in a formal way, presented to my
knowledge—about four years ago. This was
after the war was over.
Mr. HOWARD. It must have been in 1865.
Mr. SUMNER. I should say it was at the
end of 1865.
Mr. HOWARD. Was any report made then?
Mr. SUMNER. There was a report by the
Committee on Foreign Relations at that time.
My impression is that it was made by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,] a mem-
ber of the committee, and there was also a
report in the House of Representatives by the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Patter-
son,] who was at that time a member of that
body.
Mr. PATTERSON, ofNew Hampshire. Al-
low me to state that the last installment of the
principal was in the Thirty-Sixth Congress. In
the Thirty-Seventh Congress a memorial was
presented for the interest. In the Thirty-Eighth
Congress it was reported upon in the House,
and again in the Thirty-Ninth Congress; so
that in the very first Congress after the princi-
pal was paid application was made for the pay-
ment of the interest.
Mr. HOWARD. What was the character
of the reports, favorable or unfavorable ?
Mr. PATTERSON, ofNew Hampshire. Fa-
vorable, all of them.
Mr. SUMNER. Every report has been favor-
able, and that brings me again to the remark
of the Senator from Missouri, which he will
pardon me if I say I thought rather critical, if
not ungenerous. He commented on what he
called the want of a report to sustain this
measure. Sir, we have proceeded according to
the habits of this Chamber. More than once
a report has been made on this measure; but
when I had the honor of reporting the bill the
other day, under the instructions of the com-
mittee, we did not think that the occasion re-
quired any explanatory report. The bill was
our report. It was left to us on the floor, as
occasion might require, to answer inquiries,
and that I am ready to do.
This brings me, sir, to one other remark of
the Senator from Ohio. He winds up by saying
very sententiously that it is all settled. How?
The question of the principal is all settled, bul
no question of interest is "all settled." This
question still-re mains, and it will remain, so
longasthe. national Government is in defauk;
and should th ® Senate, yieldingto the arguments
of my friend from Ohio, refuse to pay this in-
terest, you only prepare the way for another
discussion another year when this same claim
will be presented. It is a just claim, and a just
claim cannot die. It will be presented by the
representatives of Massachusetts on this floor
and ia the other House until the national
Government1 doe? justice.
And now allow me to appeal to my excel-
lent friend, the Senator from New Jersey,
whose opposition to this elaim passes my com-
prehension. With his usual fairness, his excel-
lence of judgment, his candor, his habits of
accuracy, I cannot account for the objection
that he has thought it his duty to make and to
which he has lent his silver-tongued eloquence.
Sir, I regret it; I. prefer always to have that
Senator with me than against me; but he will
pardon me if I say that I think he makes a mis-
take ; and allow me now to put the question to
him directly: suppose a whole class of eases
or a class of daims from different States had
all been satisfied, principal and interest, except
from' one single State, could the Senator have
the heart or the conscience to refuse payment
to that single State in harmony with the pay-
ments already made to every other State ? Sup-
pose the solitary State thus excepted were N ew
Jersey. I can answer for him. I know how
ably he would insist that his State should enjoy
equal rights, and receive all that other States
similarly situated had received ; and this is all
that I now ask for Massachusetts.
I do n«t mean to raise any question with
regard to claims that may grow out of our late
rebellion. They are a distinct class, although
if a State has paid interest on advances it seems
to me that is a part of the advance. Let me
say, sorrowfully enough, " sufficient unto the
day is the evil thereof." I would provide for
the claims that have arisen in the early part of
our history out of one of our wars and close
those accounts. This will be done simply by
putting Massachusetts on an equality with the
other States that made advances in that war.
That is all that she now claims, and so long as
I have a seat in this Chamber she will never
be content with less.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent  
Mr. SUMNER. Before mj friend from Ver-
mont proceeds I hope he will pardon me if
I add one further remark. I have been re-
minded that I forgot to state the maximum of
interest on this account. I was diverted from
it by an inquiry from the Senator from Indiana.
According to calculations which have been
made by competent persons the maximum of
interest now due is $767,947, which is very
different from the exaggerated estimate by the
Senator from Ohio, whose imagination saw in
it several millions and the vista-of yet other
millions. I am perfectly willing that the Sen-
ator from Ohio, if he sees fit, shall put this sum
into this very amendment as the maximum
appropriation, so entirely am I satisfied that
the interest will not exceed this sum.-
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I regret that this amendment has been
indorsed upon an appropriation bill, because
I deem it the worst of all kinds of precedents
for the adjudication of State claims, of which
we have a large number; and if this precedent
is set it must be followed hereafter. I think
the much better mode would be to provide in
a general bill on fixed principles for the adju-
dication of all these State claims. I therefore
voted against it on the question of order with-
out any regard to its merits in itself. But I
desire to call the attention of the Senator from
Massachusetts to the fact that we have four
.general appropriation bills yet unacted upon,
and some besides these four yet to be brought
in from the House of Representatives. Does
he believe that if this appropriation were to be
Ced unanimously by the Senate it has the
; possible chance of becoming a law at this
session ? . .;
