THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
II. W. WEBB,
Repremtatioe, Georgetown county.
T?. V. MILLER, ^
Representative, Georgetoion county,
V. J. O'CONNELL, .
Renrcientatwe I ork county.
E.M. ST0E13EE, .
Representative, Marion county.
EBEXIlAYS, . .
Representative, Marion county.
JOHNS. GRANT,
lienreicntative. nlarlborough, county.
JAJ1ES1I. JONES,
Representative, Marlborough county.
WILLIAM SIMONS, _
Liepreventative, Richland county.
.3SOP GOODSON,
Representative, Richland county.
S.B. THOMPSON,
llcpresentr/twe, llichland county.
C. M. WELPEll,. „ .
Representative, llichland county.
JOIIN 11. FENTER, r,
Represent alive, burnter county.
W.J. "W1IIPPER,
Representative, Beaufort county.
CIIARLKS ri. ICUII,
Representative, Beaufort county.
VI. C. MONISON,
Jt,-)U esentalier, Beaufort county.
ROBERT SMALLS,
/icpresentanoe, Beaufort county.
CARLOS J. STOLBllANO,
/{eprcientatine, Hcuutort county.
C. II. PETTING AT,L, ,
!t< preventative, \\ULiamnouvo county.
R. F. SCOTT,
Hem o<<entat!T>e, WiJluivM/uro county.
P. E. EZEICIEU
ltcp> c.Hcntaiive% Beaufort county.
J. WILSON.
Gl<
itenrrKcn1ntivt\ Anderson county.
aOKGKF.MclNXYRK,
Jlepi esentatiw', Colleton county.
HENRY W. JAM MS,
llrpresrutntivf. Colleton county.
WILLI AM LlUKELE,
/ic(/rf,i-nttftii>e, Colleton county.
WILLONA THOMAS. „
lieprcwnUitivf* (oUcton county.
THOMAS RICHARDSON,
h'<-itr/>*")it«tin<\ Colleton county.
JKFFEltY PEN DERGKASS,
l(t nrc<!rii(atir<\ Y/dhaiuUiuro county.
SAMUEL J. LEE,
Iteprcsftitittive, Edgefield county.
LAW REXCEOAJlX
/tr>i> cscntut < bf, j'Jd'/i'fwltl county.
JOHN (JARDNER,
h'rp>-< ijcntatioc, Edgefield county.
1>. lt.lt IYES. .
ifrprotentative, Edgefield county.
JOHN WOOLLKY,
Jlrpr,\scntativc, Edgefield county.
T. ROOT,
Ji<'l>rcNcntat)V, Edip-Md county.
3. P. MA\S,
ilcprewniative, Orangeburg county.
K. 1. (JAIN,
ttcpreftcnldtive, (Jrangehura county.
WILLIAM J. McKlNLAY,
11* i>reseatnttv(\ <)> atioebury county.
REN.JAMIM A. UOSEMON, jr..
l{< prewntotiw\ Charleston county.
A. J. ItAUvSlElt,
IifprcH'Mntwc, Charleston county.
ROBERT W.DkLARGK.
Jlepresf-ntatiVf from Charleston.
.GEOlUJE LEE,
1{"1>) (iciiftrtin- horn C/iarh ston-
henry w. phnis,
/i'cprcHcn'nfiee, L'-smototi county.
JOSEPH CHENS,
i,'c)>rcst ntative, Lauraix county-
H. McHOMELS,
llrpt'eseutotiw, fAiurenn county.
WADU A.PENNiUO,
/{enresrnfotivr, Laurais county.
GRIFFIN JOHNSON.
Ixcpreirntutioe, Laurens county.
W. G. BRODEO,
lit presentative, Marion county.
15. JAMES,
ller>rp.sei\tittivi\ Sntnfer county.
WILLIAM E. JOHNSTON,
Uc) 'fientiitiv'\ Sumter county.
WILLIAM 11. W. URAY,
Representation, Charleston county.
ALU AH AM SMITH,
Representative, Charleston county.
GEORGE DCSENBERY,
Reitresmtahr,?,, Abbeville county.
HUTSuN J.LOMAX.
Heprricntativf. Abbeville county.
POWELL SMYTHE.
Reorev nt'thoe, Clarendon county.
WILSON COOK,
llfprc^-'ntalire, Greenville county.
JOHN A. C11ESNUT,
lie preventative, Kerahaw county.
J. A. EOSWELL.
JU-pravntative, Kershaw county.
BENJAMIN A. THOMPSON,
Jicpre'saitatw, Marion county.
J. B. HYDE,
JxcprcHcntattve, Greenville county.
EDWARD MICKEY,
JiL{>) < *f ntafivt, Charleston county.
SIMON FA 1111.
Jivpi csentative, union coifity.
J.S. MOLLEY,
Representative, union county.
Respectfully submitted to the General of the Army;
The writer was one of the judges of the £ UI't °i
common pleos and general sessions of the state ot
South Carolina, and has lately been elected by the
Legislature chief justice of the supremo court otth.n
State under the new constitution. Judge Moses  
one of the first to accept the conditions oi the act®
of reconstruction and to act «n^CT.Jh?m\Jn?,X "
after they went into operation ho united with J
Glover and Aldrich, of the s:imo court, in maluno
some practical suggestions in relation totho juy
system established by General Orders No. 3-, oi M< y
30 1807. The last-named gentleman subsequent!*
r hnn®t d luseourse, but the two iormor conUuttoU to
act consistently. The election by the Legislature to
the highest judicial office of the State is regarded as
a conclusive expression ot the wishes of the Pe<>p*o
of South Carolina; but it is proper th;it I should add.
that Judge Moses's course, official and personal, was
ot material aid to me as comma^g^°tct^|r^Y' *
Brevet Major Gsnercil United states Army.
Washington, D. C., November 9,1868.
ExkOUTlYK DKrAKTMENT,
Columbia, South Carolina, November 27, 1868.
Deah Sib: It is with great pleasure that I avail
my&clf ot this opportunity of jecoramenuing the
removal of your political disabilities by the Congress
of the United States. I trust that speedy favorable
action may be taken by that body, so that you may
be enabled to take the scat m the court now bitting,
to which the Legislature elected you.
While Assistant Commissioner ot .bureau ot Retti-
gees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands 1 had lull
opportunity ot* knowing your earnest endeavors to
carry out the reconstruction acts of Congress, ana ixs
a judge of the old bench, under the pressure of a
strong public opinion against it, enforcing learlessly
the orders of Generals Sickles and Uanby, ui relatiou
to the changes in the selection ot jurors. Y ourwhole
course has been to sustain by your words and ex-
ample the policy and wisdom ot Congress as expressed,
in their acts, ufbueh groat consequence to the whoie
country.
I have not referred to your eminent position as a
lawyer, or jour high chaiaclcr as aju<lge under the
old constitution. The election by the Legislature to
the highest place 011 the judiciary under the new is
the best acknowledgment ot your ability, patriot-
ism, and hish reputation.
TruhtniK that vour disabilities will be at once
removed, I am respectfully anil truly vours
KOBBR1 Iv. oCOtl,
Govt rnor oj Soulh Cai oliiKi.
ii011. F. J. Mosfs, Chief JuUice-clect of Supreme Court
oj tiuuth Carolina.
I will add that tim Committee on Recon-
struction art; unanimous in recommending tlio
passage of this bill. 1 demand the previous
question. ,
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
The question being taken on the passage of
the bill,
The SPEAKER said : In the opinion of the
Chair two thirds have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. FAKNSWOIITH. I suggest whether
the Journal ought not to show affirmatively
that two thirds have voled in the affirmative?
The SPEAKKll. 'The Chair states it as
his opinion that two thirds have voted in the
affirmative. If that statement is not chal-
lenged by some member demanding a count
it will be recorded in the Globe that two thirds
have voted 111 the affirmative, in the same way
as 011 a question of suspending the rules.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The question I raise
is, whether the Journal ought not to show
affirmatively that two thirds have voted in favor
of the passage of the bill.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. The Jour-
nal will show it.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. The Globe will show
it, hut the Journal will not.
The SPEAKER. The Journal, as well as
the Globe, will state the fact. There is only
one question, the question of repassing a bill
over a presidential veto, on which the yeas ,
and nays are required by the Constitution to be j
entered on the Journal. No such requirement j
is embraced in the fourteenth article of the
constitutional amendments, under which the
House is now acting. In the opinion of the
Chair two thirds have voted in the affirmative,
and the bill has passed.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsidef be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
X.EAVB OF ABSENCE.
Mr. BARNES asked and obtained leave of
absence tiil Tuesday next.
COMPtKTION OF PROVIDENCE HOSPITAL.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Surgeon General of the United States Army,
transmitting a report of the expenditures to
December 1, 1868, for the completion of Prov-
idence Hospital; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
SALE Or STEAMER ATLANTIC.
Mr. WASHBUPuNE, of Illinois. I hold in
my hand a joint resolution directing the sale
of the steamer Atlantic. This resolution, which
I endeavored to get passed just before the ad-
journment of the last session, is a matter in
which the public interest is involved to the
extent of several thousand dollars. I ask that
it may be read 5 and if there should be 110 ob-
jection I shall ask that it be put on its passage.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
relates to a chattel mortgage made between the
Secretary of the Navy and the assignees 01 the
Collins contract to secure the repayment or
refunding the amount of the annual ^compen-
sation of the ships Atlantic and Pacific, which
contract was sold to Prosper M. Wetmorc in
trust. The deed being still binding on the
Atlantic, and a large amount being still due
for expenses in executing the trust, it is there-
fore resolved that the Secretary of the Navy
be directed to cause the trustee named in the
deed of mortgage to sell, without delay and in
accordance with the terms of said mortgage,
said steamer Atlantic, now lying in the port of
New York, and to finally close np the sain
trust and report the samft to Congress.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion (U. E. No. 372j was read a first, second,
and third time, and passed.
Mr. WASIII3URNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was passed ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BUSINESS OF THE SESSION.
Mr. WASHBUliNE, of Illinois. I desire to
make a statement from the Committee 011
Appropriations, which may be of interest to
the House, touching the business of the ses-
' and further in regard to the probable
length of time we can take for a recess.
Mr. ROBINSON. There is a matter pend-
ing, simply to pass a resolution which I offered
last evening. I do not wish to say anything
more upon it, nor does anyone else, I believe.
It is simply a resolution of inquiry.
The SPEAKER. Does thegentleman object?
Mr. ROBINSON. I do not; I only wanted
to have the resolution acted upon.
Mr. WAS11BURNE, of Illinois. I desire,
in the first place, to say that the estimates
upon which the Committee on Appropriations
will have to act will not reach the Speaker of
the House tiil the last of this week or the first
of next—at any rate not in season for the
committee to perfect any bill before the time
when both branches of Congress usually take
their recess. There are some ten appropria-
tion bills which we will have to consider,
namely, the legislative, executive, and judicial,
Army, Navy, pension, Post Office, Military
Academy, sundry civil, Indian, deficiencies,
and the consular and diplomatic appropriation
hills, if the House shall take a recess at the
time which the Committee 011 Appropriations
have directed me to indicate. 1 can stale that
a majority of the committee will be present in
the city during the recess and prepared to con-
sider and act upon the bills in committee, and
nothing would probably be gained by the House
by continuing in session. I am therefore
instructed by (he committee to say that on
Thursday a week from to morrow I shall press
a resolution that on the following Monday, the
21st instant, Congress shall adjourn over till
Tuesday, the 5th day of January, 1809.
Several Members. Offer it now.
