1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the proposed amendment is of course to en-
franchise the negroes in all the adhering States,
as has already been done in all the seceding
States.
I had hoped that the State which I have the
honor in part to represent here might be the
first of the free States to extend the right of
suffrage to the black man, and I confess to a
degree of disappointment and humiliation at
the failure of the attempt when it was made.
That proud distinction has gone from us, aud
another State has secured that, the remem-
brance of which will in all coming time be a
source of grateful pride—-the credit of having
been the first in the Union to voluntarily ac-
knowledge the equality of human right, and to
rebuke the class legislation of the past by the
most practical of all tests, the enactment of
impartial manhood suffrage.
Let not our opponents, however, seek con-
solation in the fact of past failures. Remem-
bei that the abolition of slavery itself, the ex-
istence of which at any time under our system
of civilization is fast becoming a source of
astonishment, was secured only after fortyyears
of agitation. No present failure will deter or
permanently postpone this great reform in
Kansas or elsewhere; and let me say to the
people of all the States, as I have said to those
in my own, that there can be but one issue to
this controversy, and that will be, as is always
the ease where the contest is between right and
wrong—the triumph of the party of progress :
for until we extend the right of suffrage to the
colored men of our own States we shall bejustly
obnoxious to the charge of insincerity, and of
enforcing it upon others for merely partisan
purposes, a criticism which no party, however
strong, can afford to provoke. Until we prove
our sincerity in the advocacy of impartial suf-
frage by accepting it for ourselves, we stand
convicted of a most glaring inconsistency.
Not only that, but its tenure in the recon-
structed States is greatly weakened and its
maintenance hazarded so long as there is any
considerable number of States in the North
who refuse to accept it for themselves as a
political principle, while they enforce it upon
others. By the enforcement of negro suffrage
in the South we have barely established the
principle. It stands upon no practical and en-
during basis until it shall prevail to such an
extent throughoutthe Union as to characterize
our system of suffrage. The ballot is as much
the bulwark of liberty to the black man as it
is to the white.
To continue his exclusion from the ballot-box
in any considerable portion of the Union is to
encourage future efforts for the deprivation of
that right in the States where it now exists.
That gone, it would be but a single step to the
reduction of the negro again to slavery. Already
we have seen one of the reconstructed States
taking the initiatory steps which, 'if not checked,
would inevitably lead to this result. Black men
aredeniedthe right to hold office now; thenext
step will be to take from him the ballot, and
the next his freedom.
The history of the last presidential canvass
ought to be a warning to prompt and decisive
action, that this question may be definitely and
permanently settled before the country becomes
again convulsed by another quadrennial contest
for mastery between its two great political
parties. Certainly no one here can desire to
see repeated the issue then presented, of the
naked sword, or a repudiation of the act of
emancipation, and of all the guarantees of pro-
tection which the Government had vouchsafed
to its friends in the late rebellious States.
The only sure protection of this nation
against the ultimate reestablishment of that
institution, is by the adoption and rigid main-
tenance in all the States of the doctrine of im-
partial suffrage. I might say further, and all
the logic of history would bear me out in the
assertion, that in no way can national and in-
dividual liberty be so fully secured, and the
harmonious working of all the elements of our
politics and society so effectually sustained, as
by the establishment of universal suffrage in its
broadest and completest sense. As no human
being of mature age and mental development
was ever designed by nature to be beneath
another in political right, sono one has t.be right
to assume to himself political guardianship over
another.
The rebellion demonstrated the fact that the
surest guarantee of peace and permanence in
our political fabric is equality of political right,
regardless of all fictitious aud arbitrary dis- ■
tinctions. It demonstrated that so long as
suffrage is withheld, even from a class num-
bering but an eighth of our population, as w£s
the case before the war. we stand upon a vol-
cano, liable at any moment to be ingulfed in
its fires; that there is no surety of permanence
in a government which denies that right to a
single human being under the shadow of its
banner. The highest type of human govern-
ment is that in which all the rights of all its
people are recognized and protected by its laws,
and without that perfect republican government
cannot exist.
The first great and sufficient reason why the
negro should be admitted to the right of suf-
frage in all the States is that it is right. From
this stand-point the subject should be mainly
viewed, freed from all considerations of mere
expediency or partisan necessity, although these
should be allowed their proper weight. One
of our greatest statesmen has laid it down as
a political axiom—and it is a good and safe
one—that we should " render equal and exact
justice to all." In excluding from the polls
eves a single person who has interests and
responsibilities in common with ourselves, do
we not falsify this axiom? For it will not be
denied that the negro has the same interests at
stake ; that he is under the same obligations
and responsibilities for the preservation of the
public peace, for the conservation of the public
good and the advancement of the public weal
in all respects as ourselves. He is endowed
with the same aspirations for improvement,
for a higher and better life, and with the same
instincts which are common to us all. He is
susceptible to the same motives which move us
all, capable of the same degree of cultivation
and the same ambition to achieve it. Why,
then, does the distinction exist? Simply be-
cause he has been a slave. So, also, were white
men enslaved at a not very remote period of
the world's history. In every nation of Europe
white men were once held in the most abject
and degrading servitude for many centuries.
In England, for hundreds of years, a period
quite as long as negroes have been enslaved in
this country, white men wore metallic collars
on their necks as marks of their bondage; yet
no one pretends that any portion of the white
race should now be disfranchised because they
had at some former period been enslaved.
The fact that the late enslavement of the
black man gives rise to the prejudice against
his enfranchisement now is a most potent,
argument in favor of that enfranchisement by
the Republican party. In the early days of
the Republic, when slavery had assumed such
an ascendency in the minds of men as to ob-
tain a tacit recognition in the Constitution,
many of the States conceded the right of suf-
frage in some form or other to the free negroes,
but perceiving the absurdity and inconsistency
of enfranchising one part and enslaving another
part of the same race, the spirit of slavery
propagandism set to work to reduce all to the
same level, so far as poli'ical rights were con-
cerned, with the intention and expectation of
reducing all to the same level of abject servi-
tude.
In this success had well-nigh been reached
when the sins of the institution became too
flagrant to be longer endured by the humanity
of the nation, and its encroachments upon the
free spirit of the country became so monstrous
and glaring as to demand its utter extinction.
The denial of the right of suffrage to the
negro in any of the States and on any terms
was demanded and enforced by the slave States
directly and solely in the interest of slavery.
With a portion of the race free and enjoying
the political rights of citizeuship, it. was fore-
seen that slavery itself was endangered. That
right was therefore cut off and the free negro
reduced to a condition approximating slavery,
in the vain hope that his aspirations for liberty
might thus be crushed and the institution ren-
dered perpetual and secure. This fact, alone
should be a sufficient argument in favor of the
removal of the negro from a condition the
furthest possible from thathe so lately occupied
that no possible future contingency could bring
about his reSuslavement. So long as he is
denied the ballotin anyportion of the Republic,
just so long is he denied the power to resist any
political or social revolution which might bo
inaugurated for that purposo. .
No class, no race is truly free until it is
clothed with political power sufficient to make
it the peer of its kindred class or race and
euable it to resist the contingencies of popular
commotion. No nation can be truly republican
which denies to any portion of its citizens equal
laws and equal rights.
By perpetuating this discrimination between
whites and blacks we should remember that
we are sustaining a discrimination established
by the enemies of the Union and of popular
government in the interest and for the per-
petuation of slavery.
It is useless to say that slavery is dead, and
that therefore we need feel no apprehension
from it in the future. The disqualification of
the free negroes of the country before the war
was one of the strong adjuncts of slavery, with-
out the aid of which it could not have lived a
day. It is now the last prop upon which its
friends depend for its future reestablishment.
Remove that and all hope for thera is forever
gone. Slavery is not dead, however, until all
its supports are removed. It will never die
until the negro is placed in a position of polit-
ical equality from which he can successfully
bid defiance to all future machinations for his
enslavement. Until he is clothed with the
ballot he is without that power, and is in cou-
stant danger from the cupidity of men who
have been and expect again to be his masters.
Without the ballot he is the slave of public
prejudice and public caprice—the foot-ball of
public scorn. He is powerless to secure the
redress of any grievance which society may put
upon him. There is not a single argument in
favor of his liberation from physical servitude
which does not apply with equal force in favor
of his enfranchisement. In no other way can
he be disenthralled from the meshes of impo-
tency and public contempt in which he is now
cast and made a respectable and useful citi-
zen than by bis investiture with the rights of
manhood, which will make him, as he was de-
signed by his Maker to be, our peer in the State.
There are many races of people in the world
quite as distinctive in their characteristics as
the negro and quite as dissimilar from each
other, yet none of them are excluded from
the ballot on account of those dissimilarities.
The people of all other countries and races
may immigrate to our shores, and, after under-
going a prescribed process of naturalization,
become citizens, enjoying all political rights
in common with ourselves ; yet hers is a wan
born and reared among us, necessarily edu-
cated in all the ramifications of our political
system, folly appreciating their worth and
value, and, if need be, ready to lay down his
life for their maintenance, but he cannot vote,
though essentially one of us, simply because
his Maker has given him a hue of a darker
shade than we ourselves wear. What justice
is there in this? Even the wild Indian of the
plains, whose hands are red with the blood of
murdered women and children, may become a
citizen and cast a vote which shall affect tha
public weal eqnally with that of the most en-
lightened and humane among us; yetthe negro,
who is vastly his superior in intelligence, in
humanity, in industry, and in all that pertains
to good citizenship, is deemed unworthy to
have a voice in affairs of the State in which ho
was bora and reared and which concern him
as nearly as any of us. What, democracy is there
