1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Several
gentlemen around me desire that the question
may be settled now. If that is the judgment
of the House I am willing to submit a concur-
rent resolution. I, however, do not desire to
do so until some other gentlemen may be heard
in regard to the business before the other com-
mittees.
Mr. HIGrBY. I call for the regular order.
RECONSTRUCTION IN VIRGINIA.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by thl
Committee on Reconstruction to report a bill
(E. R. No. 1485) providing for an election in
Virginia, and put it on its passage.
The bill was accordingly read a first and
second time. It provides that the constitution
adopted by the convention which met in Rich-
mond, Virginia, on the 3d day of December,
A. D. 1867, be submitted for ratification on
Wednesday, the 20th day of January, 1869,
to the voters of the State of Virginia, who
shall then be registered and qualified as such
in compliance with the acts of Congress known
as the reconstruction acts. The vote on said
constitution shall be "for the constitution,"
or " against the constitution." The said elec-
tion shall be held at the same places where
the election for delegates to said convention
was held, and under the regulations to be pre-
scribed by the commanding general of the mili-
tary district, and the returns made to him as
directed by law.
It is provided by the second section that an
election shall be held at the same time and
places for members of the General Assembly,
and for all State officers to be elected by the
people under said Constitution ; the election
for State officers to be conductcd under the
same regulations as the election for the ratifi-
cation of the constitution, and by the same
persons. The returns of this election shall be
in duplicate; one copy to the commanding
general, and one copy to the president of said
convention, who shall give certificates of elec-
tion to the persons electe^. The officers
elected shall enter upon the duties of the offices
for which they are chosen as soou as elected
and qualified in compliance with the provisions
of said constitution, and shall hold their re-
spective offices for the term of years prescribed
by the constitution, counting from the 1st day
of January next, and until their successors are
elected and qualified.
The third section provides that an election
for members of the United States Congress
shall be held in the congressional districts as
established by said convention, one member
of Congress being elected in the State at large,
at the same time and places as the election for
State officers; said election to be conducted by
the same persons and under the same regula-
tions before mentioned in this act; the returns
to be made in the same manner provided for
State oflicfers.
By the fourth section it is provided that no
person shall act either as a member of any
board of registration to revise and correct the
registration of voters as provided in section
seven of the act of July ID, 1867, amendatory
of the act of March 2, 1807, entitled " An act
for the more efficient government of the rebel
States," &c., or as a judge, commissioner, or
other officer at any election to be held under
the provisions of this act, who is a candidate
for any office at the elections to be held aa
herein provided for.
The fifth section provides that the General
Assembly elected under and by virtue of this
act shall assemble at the eapitol, in the city of
Richmond, on Wednesday, the 10th day of Feb-
ruary, 18G9.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say to the
House that the bill now reported by the Re-
construction Committee is in all respects the
bill which passed this House in July last, save
a change of time for these elections. The time
has passed provided for in the bill of July, and
the elections were not held then for want of
an appropriation. An appropriation was after-
wards made, and the election can be held in
January. This bill is, as I said before, in every
particular, with the exception of the change in
the time for holding the election, the bill passed
by this House in July last. If there be no per-
son who desires to discuss this question I shall
call the'previous question on the engrossment
and tjnrd reading of the bill.
ELDRIDGB. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Ohio if this bill was debated
the time it was before the House when he
aidicates that it passed?
Mr. BINGHAM. My impression is that it
was somewhat debated, and my impression is
farther that .very little opposition was mani-
fested to it from any quarter. It gives the
people a very full opportunity to vote ; and I
desire also to say to the gentleman that I think
the time is near at hand, if the people of Vir-
ginia are permitted to speak, when there will
be no further complaint in that State as to the
want of a local government resting on the con-
sent of the governed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the bill provide
for the removal of disabilities from persons
who took part in the rebellion?
Mr. BINGHAM. No; but we have intro-
duced bills for the purpose of removing dis-
abilities. And I will answer the gentleman fur-
ther that the constitution of Virginia has, in
my judgment very wisely, provided that the
Legislature of the State may without any fur-
ther delay remove all disabilities in so far as
they exist from the laws or constitution of that
State from all persons.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. But is there a removal
of the disabilities which would prevent those
persons who took part in the rebellion from
taking part in the election or voting upon the
constitution ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I answer the gentleman
that there is no amendment at, all of the recon-
struction acts in that behalf; but the gentleman
will notice that the bill passed in J uly provided,
as does this bill, for a revision of the registra-
tion, so that persons who by one cause or the
other have been prevented from registering
may register and vote at this election. Of'
course, if this bill passes none can vote in the
comingelection except those authorized to vote
by the existing reconstruction acts.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of'Uliuois. It is utterly
impossible for us on this side of the House to
hear what the gentleman from Ohio is saying.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will repeat, then, very
briefly, what 1 said in reply to the gentleman
from Wisconsin, that this bill in nowise changes
or affects the reconstruction acts as to the dis-
qualification of citizens to vote in this prelim-
inary election.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman yield to me for a moment?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The point
in the bill to which I wish to call the attention
of the House is the time which is fixed for this
election. I do not understand that there is
anything objectionable in the bill in regard to
its effect on the present reconstruction laws.
But the point 1 wish to suggest to the House
is in regard to the time at which the election
is to be fixed. Congress is to fix it, and this
bill proposes to do it, and that is the only
alteration in the bill as it is now reported. I
beg leave to suggest that the committee has
put the time too soon. I think the middle of
January is not the proper time to hold the
election, and I am opposed to that feature of
the bill I hope the gentleman will allow me
to move an amendment to the bill so as to put
'off the election until after the 4th of March
next. I would fix it for the second Tuesday in
April, a time when, I trust, the loyal people
of Virginia can be protected.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to answer the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to make an additional suggestion?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr. MAYNARD. In addition to the reason
assigned by the gentleman from Illinois I
would suggest that January is ordinarily a very
inclement season of the year, and it would be
very difficult, if not impracticable, to secure
anything like a full vote at that time. I sug-
gest to the gentleman that the election had
better be postponed until a time when the.-
weather will be more favorable for holding an
election.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I desire, the
attention of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Washbtjene,] if he is interested in this matter.
The time named in this bill was not fixed by
the committee; it is the time designated by
the convention of the friends of the reconstruc-
tion measures in the State of Virginia, and it
is reported here by their own committee.
They are entirely satisfied that a fair election
will be there had at that time, and that a result
will be attained by this election which will be
satisfactory to the friends of the Union every-
where in. this country. And in addition to
their suggestions I now desire to say to the
gentlemen that certain revolutionary acts ore
taking place in this country which it is in
the power of the people of Virginia in 1869 to
do somewhat toward arresting, as they did on
a memorable occasion in 1787. When there
was sedition in the land then, Virginia, under
the lead of wise and intelligent and patriotic
men, was first of all the States in this Union
to take action for such exercise of original
powers on the part of the whole people of this
country as would perpetuate their liberties,
and, in their own language, "consolidate the
union of the States."
Since the adjournment of this Congress iu
July last, some time in the month of Septem-
ber, the Legislature of Oregon, following the
bad example of the Legislatures of Ohio and
of New Jersey, repealed the ratification hereto-
fore given by the people of Oregon to the
fourteenth article of amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States. I undertake
to say here to-day that there are men living in
this land who will come to understand by abso-
lute experience the positive necessity of that
amendment to the Constitution of this coun-
try, if the Government is to be maintained by
laws rather than by arms. It is in the power
of the people of Virginia—and 1 desire that the
people of that State shall have the opportunity
of exercising that power—if this bill shall be-
come a "law as reported, and they shall act
under it accordingly in January and February
next, to put an end to this contest as between
the. States, and restore to this Congress the
power, before the adjournment on the -1th ot'
March next, to silence forever, here and every-
where, all question as to the validity of the rati-
fication of that amendment, and as to the great
question whether it is to be henceforth, until
changed by the whole people, a part of the
Constitution of this laud to all intents and
purposes. Men lately in rebellion have come
to understand—and hence some of them have
been before us on this subject—the necessity
of this action for their own personal protec-
tion by the common law of their common
country, to which they have surrendered, to
which they wish to again declare their alle-
giance, and in support of which hereafter they
desire to maintain their fealty.
I have made these remarks, Mr. Speaker, on
account of what has dropped from the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Washbtjrne.] He
knows well enough that if we postpone this
election until April next, there can be no fur-
ther action on this subject, so far as Congress
is concerned, until some subsequent meeting
of Congress, probably not until December next.
What may take place in the interim during
these revolutionary times—for I again say it is
nothing but revolution on the part of some
of the States—no man can foresee. Let the
responsibility rest upon those gentlemen who
propose delay, when delay is dangerous. If
the people of Virginia fail to ratify the con-
stitution proposed by their convention, then it
will be the same as though this bill had not
been passed. If, on the other hand, the peo-
ple of Virginia do ratify that constitution, and
