.me
Marvel,
ernment for this irregular service, to present-it
with such evidence as would justify (lie repre-
sentatives of the States and of the' people ip
making the payment from the public Treasury.
I submit to Senators can interest be demanded
upon any principle of conscience and equity
from the -United States until the claim is sup-
ported by such evidence as makes it a duty 011
the part Qf the Government to pay 1
Then, in 1836, Congress—I'suppose at the
request of Massachusetts—provided that Massa-
chusetts might furnish evidenee of her claim.
Then she prepares her evidence^ and in 1859,
through the Secretary of War, that evidence
is brought before Congress and the appropria-
tion is made of the sum of money then found
due. I want to know from the Senator from
Massachusetts when was this claim presented
in such shape as that it became the duty of
Congress to make the appropriation for the
$800,000? The Senator says that no written
report has been made on this subject; none
was necessary.
Why, Mr. President, when a claim is made
against the Government for interest what must
be established ? Not that the principal Was
found to be due sometime, but it must be shown
that the Government was in default in making
payment, thatitunreasonably delayed the party
after the claim was in proper shape, presented
against it. Can a citizen, can a State, in con-
science demand interestof the Governmentnntil
the State or person has made the claim so clear
by evidence as that the Government in consci-
ence cannot refuse it? The claim for interest is
in the nature of damages: and in the nature of
damages for what? For delay of payment, for
unreasonable and wrongful delay, for default in
payment. When does the default occur on the
part of the Government? Not when the debt
first has its origin; but when the debt is pre-
sented against the Government in such shape
so established by evidence as that the public
officers are in the wrong if they refuse to pay
it. In this case the officers appealed to were
the members of the legislative body. When
then, I ask, was this evidence of the claim
presented to Congress in such shape as that
Congress was in default in this matter? I think
that the Senator from Massachusetts cannot say
to the Senate that no written report has ever
been made upon this subject, because it was
not necessary. I want to know of him now
when did the State of Massachusetts present
her case to Congress supported by such evidence
as made it the duty of Cougress to appropriate
eight hundred and odd thousand dollars? It
clearly had not been done up to 1836, be-
cause in 1836 a resolution was passed author-
izing Massachusetts to present her evidenee.
Then she prepared her testimony, I suppose,
in support of her claim, and it came finally to
be acted upon in 1859, and payment was then
received by Massachusetts as the balance of
the claim, urging no interest, thinking of no in-
terest, not regarding that as a part of her claim
until a railroad company becomes interested
■in it and that corporation urges it as a claim
against the Government. The conscience of
the Government was not charged with wrong
by the State of Massachusetts until her assign-
ment is made to a corporation ; and I want to
know before the Senator from Massachusetts
undertakes to say that we are in fault in this
matter when the evidence was completed in
support of this claim.
But, Mr. President, it is not the policy of the
Government to pay interest on claims when
allowed. I will not discuss the right or the
wrong of that. A State has no better right to
interest than the humblest citizen of this coun-
try. He who furnishes corn to feed the cavalry
horses or provisions to feed the soldiers during
war is as much entitled to interest upon his
advances as a State that makes an advance of
money to support the cause, and especially if
it be made to defend her own borders.
Now, we had better decide the question
whether we choose to reverse the whole policy
of the Government on this question. I am free
to say that I cannot answer very satisfactorily
the demand that may made for interestwlSy'
any party after a eliaim has- been presented with
sufficient evidence to support it. I do not know
why the Government should liot pay interest
after that time; bat we have said daring our
whole history that we will not pay interest.
Shall we reverse it ? The eifcizen comes to Con-
gress and he can scarcely .have :«* heating.
Session after session he attends, hebsseeches,
he prays, he begs that he may ;be paid; what
the Government -owes him; it may be for a
horse taken, it may be forprovisions supplied;
whatever it is he importunes, and he stays
about the Capitol hoping from day to day that
he may receive that whieh die Government
owes him. At the end of yearshegets his money
upon a claim which, was established in the first
place by sufficient evidence, bat. nobody talks
-of giving him the-interest, and by the time he
gets the money perhaps he is broken up in the
prosecution of the claim. I have thought some-
times that the Government was the worst debtor
that the citizen could possibly find, so difficult,
so tedious, and so expensive is the prosecution
of a-claim against the Government; but after
all we say to him, " We owe you no interest."
Why? Upon the theory that the Government
is always ready to pay; but in the ease I have
referred to it does not pay, has iiotpaid except
upon very unreasonable delay. Now, if that
citizen thus presenting a claim well supported
in every respect and commanding the con-
science of the Government cannot receive
interest why shall a State ?
The State that I represent is somewhat in-
terested in this question, for during the war
she made advances for Army purposes; she
sold her bonds and paid interest upon those
bonds, and when a settlement was made in the
Departments she was only allowed the amount
advanced. Of course if Massachusetts is paid
interest this must be returned to Indiana.
We cannot see a discrimination of that sort,
because there is nothing peculiar in the case
of Massachusetts. There is much that was
peculiar in the case of Maryland where she
sold her trust funds, which were yielding inter-
est, in order to raise money; but in this case
of Massachusetts there is nothing peculiar to
justify the payment of interest; and if it be
paid to her, then Indiana must have her inter-
est, of course. I should not be doing my duty
to my State if I did not most earnestly insist
upon it, and do that now. I want it to be
understood that if this claim be carried then
Indiana must be provided for, and I should
say all the States ought to be provided for that
have made advances; and if you go upon the
theory of this proposition that interest is to be
allowed before a State has perfected her evi-
denee in support of her claim, then of course
Indiana must be paid from the date that she
made the advances, not from the day that she
demanded the money back again.
Mr. President, the circumstances of a case
very much change the zeal of gentlemen. A
few days ago there was a claim of a girl here
whose house was taken that upon the site of
the house there might be built a fortification,
and the entire property taken for military pur-
poses. No Senator in this body was more ear-
nest in opposition to that claim than the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, and his hostility rested
upon the most heartless technicality that it is
possible to conceive. If I oppose this claim
to-night urged for interest upon the theory that
the Government is always to be presumed
ready to pay every demand when properly pre-
sented, that technicality is not so harsh, so cold,
so heartless as the technicality that a loyal per-
son—using the language of the Senator from
Massachusetts—in a southern State whose
property was taken for public use cannot make
demand against the Government for the simple
reason that that person was a public enemy.
Devoted to the country, standing by the llag
all the while, never deserting the old Govern-
ment, but always true—the Senatof from Mas-
sachusetts says to such a person, "Unfortun-
ately your home was in a southern State, and
you are by law branded with the character of a
public enemy. It is nottrne iiifaet; youwerte as
Jajrahwl,?' gays tins gentleman from Masraehu-
setts,- '%fs loyal as any son of Massa«husetts, yet
you had the misfortune to livein a southern
State, and therefore the law-marks you as apub-
lic enemy. To. stand by the flag yon bad to
standilgainst public Sentiment; you had to make
a stand where it wa-a difficnlt to Stand,aBdin
that respect- you have.greatei merit than aman
living,in the North, and yettmfortunately yon
lived in a southern State* yoar property was
taken for public uses-; your property aided the
cause ef the country, and you, cannot be paid
beeau.se you are a public enemy.'' That was
tike argument made by the honorable Senator
the other day .to save the Treasury from the
payment of a claim presented here upon the
most satisfactory evidence. Now he saysthat
no technicality is to be urged against a claim
for interest. I urge against the State ©f Mas-
sachusetts—a sovereign State, one of the Con-
federacy—the very technicality which is arrayed
against the humblest citizen that comes to the
Halls of Congress for relief; the Government
is always ready to pay its debts, when they are
presented in such form and supported by such
evidence as. makes it an obligation of con-
science to pay them. • • .
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I have
been a little surprised by the Senator from In-
diana, particularly by his admissions, and then
by his arguments from those admissions. A
little, while ago, at another session, when a
claim of the State of Maine was urged here
the Senator cried out "codfish 1" "codfish!"
Now, when another claim of the State of Maine
is urged, he cries out "Sue Murphey !" "Sue
Murphey !" I think the codfish argument was
as good as the Murphey argument and the Mur-
phey argument as good as the codfish argument.
I trust the claim will not be prejudiced in that
way.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not know the
State of Maine had any claim for codfish. I
never heard of that claim. Wfien was it pre-
- ^ '
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir. But when we
had a claim presented for lands, under a treaty,
the Senator then brought forward the codfish
argument.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think that the cod-
fish argument is altogether in the imagination
of the Senator. I did not know she had any
such claim.
Mr.FESSENDEN. The Senator must recol-
lect the fact. Now, sir, leaving that matter, I
want to say one or two things in reference to
this particular situation of affairs. The Sen--
ator first reads from a book, or he calls on the
Senator from Ohio to read from a book, to show
that in 1836 this claim, so far as the principal
was concerned, was finally liquidated and set-
tled and two hundred and odd thousand dol-
lars found due. That is undisputed. That
appears unquestionably by Mr. Poinsett's re-
port, which the Senator called for and which
was read. In 1836, under a resolution of Con-
gress, Mr. Poinsett made a report in which he
admitted the balance due to the State of Mas-
sachusetts to be between two and three hun-
dred thousand dollars.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Due when?
Mr. FESSENDEN. At that moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In 1859?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir ; 1836.
Mr. SHERMAN. Eighteen hundred and
thirty-sevem.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Eighteen hundred and
thirty-six or. 1837. It was liquidated at that
period under a resolution of Congress on the
same principles applied to the settlements with
other States \ it has been read over and over
again, and the sum of over two thousand dol-
lars was found to be due.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Was any part of it in'
tcrcst^
Mr.FESSENDEN. No, sir; all principal,
every dollar of it. . <
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where is the evidence  f
that?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been read fqntty.
