1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
985
many of our people that the revolution so well
begun by the General Government in the en-
franchisement of the late slaves of the South-
and of the negroes of the Territories would be
incomplete without the extension of the same
boon by the same power and to the same class
in all the States, to sweep into oblivion all
distinctions of caste, class, or race, in.the
political arena. What could be a more fitting
finale of a revolution which has absorbed such
countless treasure and such wealth of manly
energy and human blood?
That is what it is proposed to accomplish by
this resolution, and I trust there will be no
flagging or hesitancy till our laws recognize
and protect to the fullest extent consistent
with the interests and well-being of society
and good government every right with which
the God of nature has endowed His creatures,
and clothes with their protecting panoply the
humblest man or woman that bears allegiance
to our Hag. Then, and not till then, will ours
be a republican Government and a nation in
their truest and highest sense, because it will
be a Government by all the people, upon all
the people, and for all the pgople.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President 
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator from
Tennessee will give way, I will move an ad-
journment. It is hardly necessary to sit here
any later to-night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr Thayer
in the Chair.) Does the Senator from Ten-
nessee yield the floor for that motion?
Mr. FOWLER. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Indiana, that the Senate adjourn.
The motion being put, there were on a
division—ayes 11, noes 21; no quorum voting.
Mr. DRAKE. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You do not want any
quorum on a motion to adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But the vote discloses
the fact that there is no quorum present, and
you can do no business.
Mr. DRAKE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 37 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Buekalew, Cameron, Davis, Dixon,
Fowler, Hendricks, Howard, McCreery, Norton,
Patterson of Tennessoe, Pool, Viekers, Whyte, and
yates—
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Colliding, Corbett, Cratrin, Drake, Ferry, Fessenden,
Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Harris,Howe, Kellogg. Mc-
Donald, Morril 1 ot Maine, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Rob-
ertson Ross, Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer. Tipton. Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Wade, Warner, Welch, Willey, Williams, and Wil-
son—37. , ^ „
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Conness,
Doolittle. firttnunds. Grimes, Henderson, Morgan,
Morrill of Vermont, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rice, Saulsbury, and Sprague—15.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, I am aware
that the hour is late, and that Senators do not
like veiy much to b© kept out of bed, at this
time at any rate, and are liable to become some-
what impatient. I regret it very much, and
would gladly have given them an opportunity to
adjourn and get a rest; but they have chosen
otherwise, and they must be contented, of
course, to abide the result. It was not my
wish to keep them here at this lute hour, and
if it were I would not have done it.
Mr. FOWLER proceeded to address the Sen-
ate at length. [See Appendix.]
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President 
Mr. HENDRICKS, (at eleven o'clock and
thirty minutes p. m.) Will the Senator from
Michigan yield to a motion to adjourn ? It is
evident that we cannot finish this matter unless
we sit until a very late hour.
Mr. HOWARD. If I supposed there was
any probability of the Senate adjourning I
would give way for such a motion, but I appre-
hend that is not probable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan does not yield the floor ?
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to the
motion being made if the Senator from Indi-
ana insists upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Michigan yield the floor for the
motion, to adjourn?
Mr. HOWARD. I will, if the honorable
Senator from Indiana presses his request.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I. move that the Senate
adjourn.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the motion, and declared that the noes
appeared to have it.
Mr. McCREERY. I call for a division.
Mr. CAMERON. I think, with a little con-
sultation, we might agree to close this debate
to-morrow 
Mr. FERRY and Mr. DRAKE. Debate is
not in order on the motion to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No debate
is in order on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. We ought not to be
compelled to sit here all night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A division
is called for on the motion to adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 10, noes 27.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I do not
intend at this late hour of the night to enter I
largely into the discussion of this question, but
rise rather for the purpose of presenting, as
briefly as possible, some views which I enter-
tain upon it.
It will not escape the attention of any man
that there is an anomaly in the Constitution of
the United States. While to ail other Gov-
ernments that I know of in the world, properly
called governments, pertains the faculty of
regulating and prescribing the qualifications of
voters, it is a very singular fact that no such
faculty belongs to the Government of the Uni-
ted States. The first clause of the Constitu-
tion, although it does not impart any power to
the States in reference to the qualification of
electors, recognizes the undoubted fact that
the States then possessed the right to prescribe
qualifications for the electors within their own
limits, and authorizes those same electors to
be the electors of the Representatives in Con-
gress, and of the electors of President and Vice
President, so that it has always been out of
the power of Congress under the Constitution
to prescribe who shall and who shall not vote
for Representatives in Congress or for electors
of President and Vice President.
In this respect the Government of the United
States is subject entirely to the action of the
State governments; and herein consists this
strange anomaly. Certainly, ordinarily speak-
ing, the power of regulating suffrage ought to
pertain to the Government which is to be
affected by it. Our fathers, however, did not
see fit to grant to the Federal Government any
such authority ; and I believe the present is the
only attempt which has been made since the
foundation of the Government to interfere with
this right of the States to prescribe the qualifi-
cations of voters not only within their own
limits, but as to the Federal Government.
Now, sir, on looking over the amendment
which has been proposed to us by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, although I am in favor
of conferring the right of suffrage on the colored
man as such, I do not find the provision ex-
pressed so clearly in that amendment as I wish
it were. Indeed, sir, the frame of the amend-
ment, its form, its legal intendment, interpre-
tation, and effect are to me all very objection-
able. It declares that "the right of citizens of
the United States to vote and hold office shall
not be denied or abridged by the United States,
or by any State on account of race, color, or
previous condition of servitude." Observe,
sir, and I call the attention of Senators to the
clause, "shall not be denied or abridged by the
United States." Sir, the United States have
neveV granted to any citizen of the United
States m the States, nor abridged to him, the
rin-ht to vote. The Government of the United
Spates has not intermeddled, nor has it the right
to intermeddle, with the right of voting; and
it is hardly proper language, therefore, to say
that this right, with which the Government ot
the United States cannot intermeddle, shall not
be denied, or abridged by the United States.
It is hardly intelligible language to me as  
lawyer.
Again there arises from that peculiar form of
expression, " shall not be denied or abridged
by the United States." what, to my mind, is a
very plain implication that in respect to other
matters except race, color, or previous condi-
tion of servitude, the United States may, through
its proper organs, if'the Government shall see
fit, abridge or deny to citizens of the United
States in a State the right to vote or to hold
office. For instance, the implication arises that
for any other cause, whether it be religious
belief, or a want of moral training, or defect of
education, or whatever other test Congress may
see fit to prescribe, the right to vote may be
taken away from the citizen of the United
States by act of Congress. Certainly I do nt>t
apprehend that the Committee on the Judiciary
intended any such thing; but so plain to me is
this implication that under such a clause Con-
gress would have the right to deny or abridge
the right of voting for some other causes than
those mentioned in the article, that I certainly
can never give that amendment my vote, for
I will never agree, here or elsewhere, that the
Congress of the United States or any State
government shall have it in its power to say
to a citizen of the United States "You shall
not vote or hold office because your religious
creed is not so and so, or because you do not
belong to and commune with this, that, or the
other religious denomination." I prefer to
adhere to the present provisions of the Con-
stitution of the United States in all these re-
spects—the Constitution which prohibits utterly
and forever the setting up of any religious test.
I am willing, as I have already remarked, to
extend to the colored man, who is a citizen of
the United States, the right to vote and to hold
office, like any other citizen ; but I prefer to
do it in direct and plain terms, so that he who
runs may read, without circumlocution, with-
out indirection, but plainly, in terms that are
intelligible to the lowest capacity. I shall,
therefore, at the proper time, propose an
amendment to the amendment now before us,
which will be in the following words :
Citizens of the United States, of African descent,
shall have the same right to vote and hold office in
States and Territories, as other citizens, electors of
the most numerous branch of their respective Legis-
latures.
Thus adopting the constitutional language
of electors having the qualifications of electors
of the most numerous branch of the State Legis-
latures. It seems to me that this expression
meets exactly the case which is before us.
Why not come out plainly, manfully, and
frankly to the world and say what we mean,
and not endeavor to darken counsel with words
without knowledge, by circumlocution, by con-
cealing or endeavoring to conceal, the real
thing which we aim at? Give us, then, the
colored man, for that and that only is the
object that is now before us. The sole object
of this whole proceeding is to impart by a
constitutional amendment to the colored man
who has become free in the United States the
ordinary right of citizens of the United States,
and that is the whole of it. I do not wish
by any form of words to conceal the fact or
to blur the fact that I am in favor of extending
to this class of men the right to vote and to
hold office in the United States. Sir, they
exist among us at this time, not by their own
consent, but by the fault of our fathers and
of our mother country, whose merchants,
moved by the love of gain, brought them to
this country and consigned them to slavery.
They have ever been a disturbing element
in our politics. The fact of the American
people holding in bondage so large a number
of human beings has been a blot upon our
national reputation, has been a source of dis-
credit to the American people abroad. _ That
long and great controversy finally culminated
in the recent rebellion. That rebellion neces-
sarily led to the emancipation of the slaves.^
They are now free. More than four millions ot
that race have become emancipated, and are
