1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
173^7
times to-day. The Senator from Ohio has the
book before him and will read it again if the
Senator wants to hear it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not understand that
that report shows what composes that balance.
Mr. FESSENDEX. Certainly it does. It
was a settlement of the claim of Massachusetts
on the same principles applied to the settlements
with other States for advances.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Thendoes thereportshow
that any part of it wa3 interest and another part
principal ?
Mr. FESSENDEX. No. It shows that no
part of it was interest.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I failed to see that when
the report was read. It is silenton the subject.
Mr. FESSENDEX. It was settled on the
principles applied to the settlements with other
States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You mean it was silent
on that subject, and you infer from that that
the amount was all principal.
Mr. FESSENDEX. I will say, in reply to
that, that if any part of that was interest it will
be found when we come to settle the interest
account. Nobody pretends there was any inter-
est in it. Andyet, sir, notwithstanding that set-
tlement precisely in that way, the Senator from
Indiana gets up here and says "In order to
claim interest you must show that there has
been an admitted debt due which has not been
paid ; if you show that there has been a debt
admitted and settled which has not been p.iid
then you may properly claim interestand yet
there is the fact as long ago as 1837.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Did Congress act at that
time ?
Mr. FESSEXDEN. Congress acted pre-
cisely in the wayl have stated to-day. I have
gone over the whole ground to-day and stated
it once. From that time, from 1837, the effort
was made to get that principal paid. Congress
refused to make the appropriation to pay that
admitted balance up to the year 1859, over and
over again, on account of the old prejudice
against Massachusetts, which my friend is
familiar with, growing outof theeventsof the
war of 1812-15. Although under a resolution
of Congress that amount was found due by the
Secretary of War, and stated on a liquidation
of the claim on the principles applied to the
settlement of such claims, Congress refused to
pay the money, to make the appropriation,
and so it stood until 1859, and then Congress
made the appropriation.
Xow the honorable Senator from Indiana
says, '"Show, before you demand interest, that
the account has been liquidated, that the money
was admitted to be due." That is precisely
what we show to-day, and that is the ground on
which we ciaim it. It is that in that year the
account was liquidated, the money admitted to
be due, the account stated and never disputed,
but no payment was made ; payment was con-
stantly refused till 1859. Sir, I take the Senator
from Indiana on his own statement precisely.
We present precisely the casein which in his
argument he said interest would be due and
ought to be paid, because he cannot possibly
dispute the fact that that liquidation took place
at that time. Therefore I say it is very curious
for him to call for the reading of the report to
establish the fact, and then lay down the princi-
ple upon which interest ought to be paid, and
when we show that we come within that prin-
ciple he says it should not be paid at all.
Why? Because Congress refused to pay Sue
Murphey. That is the amount of it. If that
is an argument applicable to a matter of this
kind I do not understand what proper argu-
ment is.
. _ One thing more I want to say to the Senate,
for I do not mean to argue this matter over
again. He says Massachusetts did not do her
part in the war; when called upon for soldiers
she did not send her soldiers to fight the ene-
mies of the country out of the State, but ob-
served a studied silence, doing nothing until
her own borders were invaded, and then she
was active to exert herself to save herself and
called upon the General Government for pay-
ment. Why, is it possible that my learned
friend from Indiana is so ignorant of the history
of his country? Does he not know—ifhedoes
not he ought to know—that some of the bravest
and most distinguished soldiery in the war of
1812-15 came from Massachusetts and from
all New England? Why, sir, "the Fighting
Fourth" was one of the most celebrated regi-
ments of that war. It is not so. Xew Eng-
land—Massachusetts is a part of New Eng-
land—furnished her quota of troops.
Mr. GRIMES. Who commanded the Fourth?
Mr. FESSEXDEN. I do not remember.
A considerable portion of it was raised in Xew
Hampshire, some in Vermont, some in Massa-
chusetts. Did the Senator never hear the name
of Ripley? Was he not a Massachusetts
man?
Mr. GRIMES. A Xew Hampshire man.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. No, sir; a Massachu-
setts man.
Mr. SUMXER. Let me remind the Senator
there is General Miller, who uttered the famous
saying "I will try."
Mr. GRIMES. But he did not happen to
be a Massachusetts man, nor Ripley either.
Ripley was born m Hanover, New Hampshire.
Mr. FESSEXDEN. He lived in the State
of Maine when he went into the war. At any
rate, if he had stayed in XTew Hampshire I do
not know what might have become of him;
but he came into Maine, and from there went
into the Army; and Miller went from Massa-
Mr. SUMNER. From Salem.
Mr. GRIMES. Miller was afterward Gov-
ernor of Arkansas, and was then appointed
collector of customs at Salem; but he hap-
pened to be a relative of mine, and I know
something about him. He was born in New
Hampshire.
Mr. SUMNER. He lived in Massachusetts.
Mr. GRIMES. In the latter part of his life,
long after the war.
Mr. FESSENDEX. If he was not born in
Massachusetts he could not have found a bet-
ter State than New Hampshire to be born in.
[Laughter.] That is all I have to say about
it. My friend from Iowa was born there, too,
and he does honor to his native State. But I
have this to say. that some of the bravest men
in that war were from Massachusetts; many
of the bravest officers, many of the most dis-
tinguished officers, and the Massachusetts sol-
diery and the New Hampshire soldiery and
all the Xew England soldiery were known in
every field in that war. Go to Chippewa and
Lundy's Lane and inquire the history of the
New England men there. And does the Sen-
ator know nothing about the almost innumer-
able fleet of privateers that went from the ports
in Xew England, from Massachusetls and from
Maine?
Mr. HEXDRICKS. I would not deny the
privateers.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. I do not understand
you.
Mr. HEXDRICKS. I do not dispute about
the privateers.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. They did a very re-
spectable quantity of fighting. But the remark
was that Massachusetts stood still, that she
would not send her men out to fight on other
fields, that the people of Massachusetts stayed
at home and did nothing until her own borders
were attacked. Does the Senator believe that
statement that he made ? If he believes it it
is because he has not read or has forgotten
his country's history at that period. Xo, sir; |
Massachusetts and all Xew England furnished j
their quota of troops, and went out of the ^
State and fought under the command of officers I
appointed by the General Government where '
ever fighting was done during that war. And,
sir, you must remember that Massachusetts
at that time was bordering for a great part of
the length of her territory on hostile territory,
and that she was exposed ; her territory was
attacked not only by land but by sea; and the
General Government failed to defend her, and
called ou Massachusetts to defend herself) and
she turned out her own citizens to defend
her own borders. Did that make a claim of
Massachusetts on the General Government or
not? Was she bound or was the General
Government bound to defend her as a pari" of
the United States—a part of the territory pf
the country? Sir, the principle has been
admitted over and over again. It has been
admitted during the very last war we had, the
war of the rebellion; it is admitted every-
where. And, sir, is it true that the policy of
the Government is not to pay interest ? The
Senator states it as a fact. Sir, the Govern-
ment paid interest to the States upon advances
made during the revolutionary war; and the
Government has paid interest tp every State
except Massachusetts for advapces made dur-
ing the war of 1812-15 in all cases where t-he
States had paid interest and were obliged to
pay interest; so that- the Senator is wrong in
his facts. Sir, I argued this matter at length
this morning, and 1 will not trouble the Sen-
ate with a repetition of what I said then ; but
I could not sit still and hear statements so
broad made by my honorable friend, showing
that he was laboring under so very great a
mistake in regard to history with which he
ought to be familiar.
Mr, MORTOX. Mr. President 
Mr. FRELIXGHUYSEX. _ I wouldask the
Senator from Indiana if he will not giye way
for a motion to adjourn ? ["Xo!" "Xo!"] We
cannot settle this matter to-night.
Mr. MORTON. I shall conclude in a few
minutes.
Mr. President, this claim set up by Massa-
chusetts ought not to be disposed of upon any
narrow or technical principles. The statute of
limitations does not run against the General
Government, nor should it run against a State.
If this money is fairly due to the State of Mas-
sachusetts it should be paid without regard to
lapse of time. It is a question therefore as to
the justice and equity of the claim. But, Mr.
President, should the Government pay interest
on a claim ? I ask why not ? Why should not
the Government pay interest in any case where
a private individual wonld be required to pay
interest by equity or by law? Because the
Government has not done it in many cases
where it ought to do it it cannot be argued that
it ought not to. And should the Government
pay interest to a State for advances ? Why not?
If a State advances money to the General Gov-
ernment that loan answers the same purpose as
if the Government borrowed money on its
bonds, and if it can afford to pay six per cent,
interest in gold on its bonds it can afford to pay
interest on advances made by a State for it.
Where is the difference in principle and injus-
tice ? What has been the precedent in regard
to paying interest to States for advancements?
After the war of the Revolution when our new
Government was organized, and we came to
settle the claims growing out of that war, we
paid interest to the States for their advances ;
and that, too, without going into the question
whether the States themselves had been paying
interest on the same sum.
There is the first precedent. Again, aftei
the war of 1812 the Government paid interest
to all the States for their advances except to the
State of Massachusetts. Then, after the war
of 1846, the Mexican war, the Government
paid interest to the several States for the ad-
vances during that war. So we have the uni-
form practice of the Government for paying
interest on advances made by States, except
it may be in the single case of Massachusetts
first, after the Revolution; second, after the
war of 1812; and third, after the war of 1846.
Now, sir, I come down to the war of 1861.
Why shall not the Government pay interest to
the States for their advances during that war?
I should not have said one word in this debate
but for the argument made by the Senator from
Ohio and the Senator from New Jersey and
the Senator from Missouri that if this claim
be allowed to Massachusetts it will open the
door to allowing the claims of States for in-
terest on advances made during the war of the
