V738
JH Bv COTOKS8S80H
'rebellion. S«, I hope the Government will
be called upon and will pay the States for the
• advances made. Why not? Take the ease of
my own State. In 1881 when-the-war broke
out the Government was without money to
organize troops and put them into the field. It
must be done by the States or not at alt. The
Stateof Indiana was compelled toputher bonds
into the market to the amount of more than
two million dollars, to sell themat a discount,
and she has been paying intereston those bonds
until they have been paid off, ora-partof them,
and she is paying interest on- some of them
bow. Why should not the State of Indiana;be
refunded for that advance? It was the cheapest
nsoney thatthis Government borrowed. When
it borrowed money of private persons it was
compelled to pay interest at the rate of six per
■ cent, in gold. The States will not ask gold
interest, nor will they ask their principal to be
paid in gold ; but when Indiana has borrowed
money aad is now paying interest-on it for the
purpose of advancing it to the Grovernment-iti
the payment of supplies, can yon tell me any
principle of common honesty or integrity that
will not require the Government of the United
States to refund that interest to the State of
Indiana?
Mr. GRIMES. How much is that claim of
Indiana? What is the amount of it?
Mr. MORTON. The claim of Indiana for
discount on her bonds and for interest that
she has paid upon them is about six hundred
thousand dollars. It was said by my friend
from Ohio to-day, " If you open this door per-
haps you will open the door to $1,000,000,000."
It is not so ; it would be comparatively a small
sum : but suppose it amounts to $50,000,000,
what of it? It is a just debt, as just a debt as
any bond that we owe; but because it has not
yet been allowed, shall it be repudiated because
we may thereby increase the public debt? I
would like to inquire whether we are now to
repudiate honest debts-that may be due to the
several States for advances made simply be-
cause if we do not repudiate them we shall to
that amount increase the public debt?
Sir, these debts due to the several States for
advances made are just as honest and as merit-
orious as debts due for money borrowed
directly by the Government; and as I before
remarked, it is the cheapest money that the
Government borrowed during the war. Now,
Mr. President, I protest against the argument
that if you allow the Massachusetts claim you
will thereby open a door to pay the other
States. - Why-, Mr. President, the right of the
other States to be reimbursed does not depend
upon this question, and the rejection of this
claim should not be made a precedent or an
argument for hereafter refusing to reimburse
Indiana and other States for advances made in
the late war.
Mr. President, there have been several things
thrown in sideways as an argument against this
claim of Massachusetts. One is that this money
is to go to a certain railroad corporation. What
have we got to do with that? The question is
whether the money is due to Massachusetts
and Maine. When they get the money it is of
no importance to the Government whether they
give it to a railroad company or throw it into
Boston harbor. _ Is it their money ? Is it due
to them ? If it is, how can you refuse to pay
it to Massachusetts and Maine because they
have seen proper to promise this money when
they get it to a railroad company ? What busi-
ness is that of ours? What kind of an argu-
ment is that, sir?
Then, we are told that this claim was not
urged in time. As I said before, States are
not to be barred by the statute of limitations
nor is the Government to take advantage of its
own ruin, and because it has failed to pay a
claim for forty or fifty years to turn around
and say "the claim is an old one and we will
not pay it on that account." If the Govern-
ment had paid this claim for interest years ago,
the argument of age could not have been urged
against it; but after having failed to pay it for
half a century, then to turn around and say
s'Jthis is an old claim and we wifl not>«f y
it on that account" has n«kher justice nor
equity in it,-
. There is one point, however, in this particu-
lar claim which striken me ratter unfavorably,
though I do not know that it authorizes us
to refect it, because the justice of the claim
has been recognized by two preceding Con-
gresses. It would hardly be proper,-perhaps,
now to go back to the original consideration,
because having agreed to •pay the principal as
to advances made by the State during the war
it is now perhaps too late to inquire whether
'the original payment was correct or not. But
it does go somewhat, I confess, to the moral
character of this claim that Massachusetts at
> the timer the- claim was contracted refused to
allow her militia to be commanded by the Gov-
ernment of the United States.; that she chose
to carry-off the defenses upon her own plan
and upon her own account. That does go
somewhat, I confess, to the moral character
of this claim for interest. It might perhaps
be said with some propriety that if Massachu-
setts chose to carry on the defense-of her ter-
ritory according to her own plan and upon her
own aceount. and refused to allow the Gov-
ernment of the United States to command her
troops, she might also look to the accounts
herself and have no claim on the Government.
I do not speak particularly of the merits of
this claim ; but I protest against the argument
made here to-night thai if it is allowed you will
thereby open the door to Indiana and other
States to come forward with claims for money
advanced on which they have paid interest and
are now paying interest, not to defend their own
borders, but to equip troops to go a thousand
miles south to fight the battles of the country.
Indiana has done it and other States have done
it, and where they have done it they have a
legal and a moral right to be reimbursed, not
only principal, but interest; and however this
claim may be decided I, for one, shall insist
hereafter that the Government of the United
States is legally and morally bound to reimburse
those States.
Mr. FRELINGHU YSEN. I move that the
Senate do now adjourn. There are a number
who wish to speak. I have something myself
to say further.
Mr. MORRILLr of Maine, called forthe yeas
and nays, and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 27; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bnckalew,Chandler,Cole,Conkling,
Corbett-, Davis, Drake, Edmunds. Fowler, FfSling-
huysca, Grimes, Harlan, Hendricks, Howard, Me-
Creery, Morgan, Ramsey, Rice, Sherman, Tipton,
Whyte, and Williams—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell. Conn ess, Cragin, Doolittle,
Fessenden, Harris, Howe. Kellogg, McDonald, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Os-
born, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Rob-
ertson, Ross, Sawyer, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Warner, and Wil-
son—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Cam-
eron, Dis,on, Ferry, Henderson, Norton, Patterson of
Tennessee, Pool, Saulsbury, Spencer, Vickers.Wade,
Welch, Willey, and Yates—17.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, I voted
against the adjournment thinking perhaps the
Senate would come to some conclusion on this
subject and take the vote this evening. I made
several efforts some days ago to induce the
Senate to limit, before the session closed, in
some measure the debate on a pending prop-
osition. It did not meet with any favor or very
little favor in the Senate. We have now but
two days more of this session, and I make the
assertion that it is impossible to complete any
appropriation bill this session. We may, for
instance, close this question to-night, the bill
will be returned to the House with the amend-
ments to-morrow, and they of course will non-
concur and ask for a committee of conference.
Itisimpossible for that committee of conference
to report if they examine these amendments
before the day after to-morrow, the last day of
the session, and you cannot enroll the bill and
put it before the President before "we adjourn;
and so of the others. When the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations consented
-that the.appropriation bills might stand aside
* em Saturday; scad tie chairman of the Gomrnit-
tee on Finance introduced a measure winch
took a day and a night, in that measure was
lost every appropriation bill. That measure
of course will not be signed by the President,
there wiM be oo law growing out of it, but it
must consume the time of the Senate to dis-
cuss it, and in that discussion we have lost the
appropriation bills, :and it is o£ very little-eon -
sequence bow.what is done between this and
the last hours of the session. It is impossible
to makeone of these bills a law.by the greatest
industry we can practice, becaiuse all of them
> itave to go back to the House, committees of
conference.have got to be appointed,'-a^d- after
they ar® appointed they have to examine and
report, And then we must get the bills enrolled;
and twelve o'clock on the 4th of March will
come before that is done. . •! :
Mr. GRIMES. What is the subject under
consideration, Mr. President?
Mr. POMBROY. It is jast as appropriate
1 to talk about the order of business as it is about
any question under discussion. This thing has
-been goneover and aver and over, and gentle-
men on this side of the Chamber have not
spoken on the question. - •>.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr.Thayer
in the chair.) The Chair will state that the
question- is on agreeing to the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Iowa to the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. ■ t - ' •
Mr. POMEROY. I know what the ques-
tion is. :•
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator let us
vote?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kansas will confine himself to the
subject.
Mr. POMEROY. I am approaching the
subject gradually. [Laughter. 3 If the Sen-
ate are willing now to come to a vote I will
yield. There never, was a time since I came
to this body that I would not stop speaking for
a vote; but if there is no vote to come one
Senator may speak.as well as another, and we
may as well speak on one subject as another.
Debate has gone by ; it is merely a question
now who can occupy the most time and how
long the patience of the Senate will hold out.
Nothing more can be said on this question. It
has been argued in the first place on a point
of order one whole day, and now all day and
all night on the merits of the question. -
  Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the Senator
from Kansas, being in the chair, declined to
consider the decision of the Senate on the ques-
tion of order as authority. If the Senator had
just stood by the decision of the Senate -we
should have got along very well. - :
Mr. POMEROY. I did not desire, by aiiy
arbitrary decision of mine in the chair, to pre-
vent the Senate discussing and debating this
thing fairly. It was due to this question that
the claim should be presented. I .did not desire
to take any part in it or throw any obstacle in
its way. I do not know but the claim is a good
one. I have not any hostility to this claim
myself; I only want it voted upon. It does not
seem any worse to me because it is to be appro-
priated to build a railroad of considerable
national importan.ee. Let the Senators from
Massachusetts and Maine ask an appropriation
for that purpose and-1 will vote it; so far as I
am concerned I will vote it to-night. It is a
fair, legitimate question, and even if there was
no claim forinterest if they would put it on that
ground I would vote for it. I have donre -it for
enterprises of this character in other sections
of the country. Why not do it for Maine and
Massachusetts? •
I do not propose to discuss it. I want the
Senate to vote.. They cannot be unmindful of
the fact that the hours of this session are num-
bered. It is not like a session when we can pat
'off our adjournment; the hours are numbered,
and by no ingenuity of ours can we make this
bill a law even if we take the question to-nigW.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us try. -
