1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1739
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. One word. I
am not responsible for having consumed much
time in speeches on this or any other subject;
I have not been disposed to trespass much on
the time of the Senate on this bill; but I thmk
it is entirely practicable to pass all the appro-
priation bills that have come to the Senate, or
may come in the course of the business of the
House, provided the Senate gives its attention
to that, subject, and does not unnecessarily pro-
crastinate debate. I have not participated in
this discussion, nor do I intend to do so. We
have no previous question here which author-
izes or enables me as chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations to bring debate to a close
at any time. We have one rule that I believe
can be applied proximately, and that is that
no Senator shall be allowed to speak more
than twice upon any one question on the same
day. I hope Senators will not hereafter think
it out of order for me to enforce that rule.
What I rose to say was that it is entirely
practicable to pass all the bills that have been
sent to the Senate and those which I antici-
Sate will be sent to morrow, in my judgment.
!ow, sir, how much more time this bill is to
take of course I do not know. The discussion
has been so ample and broad up to the present
time that it would seem to have covered all the
necessary points of the case; and if the Senate
are desirous of acting upon the information
they have upon the subject, and not to defeat
the bill by unnecessary speaking, having no
reference to the judgment of the Senate, I do
not see why they cannot finish this bill to-night
and go home in pretty good time. That being
done, what have we left? We have the Post
Office appropriation bill, which has not been
amended at all by the committee, and which I
predict will pass in half an hour, and will be
read and enacted in a single half hour.- Then
you have the legislative bill, which will soon
pass. It has been very little amended. I do
not know of but one single point in it which I
think will be controverted at all, and that is as
to the clause the House of Representatives
have inserted increasing the pay of the female
clerks. That may give rise to some debate,
but it does not occur to me that there is a single
item in the bill calculated to challenge much
debate in the Senate. So that in a single two
hours I should hope that the Post Office bill and
the legislative appropriation bill would get the
sanction of the Senate; then you have the defi-
ciency bill, which is not a long bill, and has very
few controverted points. The chief items of
that bill are for deficiencies in the Army, those
relating to the Indian war. They are, in gross,
some fifteen million dollars. Nobody, I think,
will challenge them, and I should not expect
that the bill would occupy much time in the
Senate. All you have back of that is the mis-
cellaneous or sundry civil bill, as we call it.
That has not reached the Senate yet.
Now, one word about the responsibility
which attaches to me, alluded to by the hon-
orable Senator from Kansas. He says if I
had not yielded to the bill of the Senator from
Ohio on Saturday all would have been well.
Mr. President, I did yield to the solicitations
of the chairman of the Committee on Finance.
The honorable Senator from Ohio reminds me
that he was compelled to yield to a railroad
bill. That may be so. How much responsi-
bility I have about that the Senate may judge.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope iny friend from
Maine does not impute that I thought he was
responsible for it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; but the
Senator from Kansas alludes to the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations as having
been gailty of laches in some way, or at least
the allusipn is susceptible of that inference.
On Saturday, when my bill^was regularly before
the Senate,. I did yield to the solicitations of
the chairman of the Committee on Finance.
He had a bill which in the judgment of the
Senate ought to receive a consideration in this
body, and I was appealed to by leading gentle-
men—by a number ofgentlemen here—to allow
that bill to be considered. It was then sup-
posed it would occupy but very little time. I
lost the day, to be sure, but there was this con-
sideration about it: I only had this bill, which
I could not presume would occupy this entire
day ; the House had not sent to the Senate any
other bill upon which we had been able to act;
we had the legislative bill, but the deficiency
bill had not reached here. I thought I could
with perfect safety yield to the Senator from
Ohio on Saturday, and have to-day to finish
this bill; and I submit to the Senate whether
or not it was reasonable to suppose that this
day would be ample to finish this bill; and if
so then we should be allowed, as we shall now
if this bill is finished, to take up the Post Office,
the legislative, and the deficiency bills, and
finish them to-morrow. The time is ample.
These bills have been prepared since Saturday
night, and have been reported and will be in
order to-morrow. Therefore I trust the Senate
will proceed to a vote on this bill, and allow
us to-morrow to take up in their order the bills
which will then be lying on the table, and we
shall have ample opportunity to finish it, and
to conclude so far as we are concerned, I am
sure, all the appropriation bills which have
been sent to us.
Mr. CHANDLER. I had hoped there would
be an end somewhere to this question of in-
terest and to these claims formoneys expended
in the war of 1812. There is usually a statute
of limitations somewhere. I suppose there is
not a member of this body who does not know
that there was, and is, no claim against the
Government for the expenditures provided forin
this amendment. There never was a claim at
all. The States for their own protection, be-
cause perhaps the people were scared, made
certain investments, called out the militia: a
hav-stack would be burned in another town,
and the militia would be called out; the enemy
were approaching 1 The militia were not called
out by the Government, and not one dollar of
this money was expended under the direction
of the Government or at the call of the Gov-
ernment, and when these sums were expended
not a single one of these States expected ever
to receive one dollar from the Government in
consequence of these expenditures, and no
claim was made for years by any one of these
States or cities. Finally, in process of time,
the city of Baltimore, the State of Maryland,
the State of Massachusetts, and other States,
brought in their claims and asked the Govern-
ment, at its discretion and at its pleasure, to
refund money that had been expended by the
States for their own protection. There was no
intimation made that they would even ask for
interest, nor did they intend to ask for interest.
In process of time those several amounts were
credited to the different States ; and as the
Government had money in its Treasury it paid
these claims from time to time, and still there
was no thought of interest. That was a final
settlement. No other demand was made upon
the Government, and it was deemed a gratuity,
and was a gratuity.
In process of time, and after a long time,
the States came in and asked for interest. They
said that they had paid interest, and after a
long time interest was paid to States that had
paid interest until it was all paid upon the
claims that had been adjusted and properly
presented interest at six per cent. The interest
was all paid where interest had been paid by
the States. On the 3d of March, 1857, the
late Mr. Pearce, of Maryland, moved upon an
appropriation bill just as this is that the ac-
counts of the State of Maryland should be re-
opened and settled by the Secretary of the
Treasury upon the principles of mercantile
usage, ltwasaveryinnocentlittlething. There
could not seem to be any objection to that.
The mouse in the meal was thoroughly covered;
there was not a track on the surface ; and in
this hasty, inconsiderate manner that simple
amendment went on, and the accounts of the
State of Maryland were opened and the account
for interest, was reopened.
Mr. CONIvLING. Was that the language
of the motion ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I have not got it before
me; but that was the substance of it. I have
not the act before me.
Mr. SUMNER. Would the Senator like to
have it precisely and not draw upon his imagin-
ation ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I say I only give it from
recollection, for I have not looked it up.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator's recollection
is ordinarily, as we all know, very exact; but
here I think it fails a little.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall be glad to be
corrected.
Mr. SUMNER. It reads:
" That the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury be, and they are hereby, authorized and directed
to reexamine the account between the United States
and the State of Maryland as the same was from
time to time adjusted undSr the act passed May 13,
1826, entitled 'An act authorizing the payment of
interest due to the State of Maryland,' and on such
reexamination to assume the sums expended by the
State of Maryland for the use and benefit of the Uni-
ted States, and the sums refunded and repaid by the
United States to the said State and the times of such
payments as being correctly stated in the account as
the same has heretofore been passed at the Treasury
Department: but in the calculation of interest due
under the act aforesaid the following rules shall be
observed, to wit: interest shall be calculated up to
the time of any payment made."
Mr. CHANDLER. That is it.
Mr. SUMNER. That is not all.
"To this interest the payment shall be first
applied."
That is what the Senator has always done in
his large business, I am sure.
"And if it excecd the interest due the balance shall
be applied to diminish the principal."
Mr. CHANDLER. That is it.
Mr. SUMNER. "If the payment fall short
of the interest the balance of interest shall not
be added to the principal so as to produce
interest''
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. No compound interest.
Mr. CHANDLER. I was correct.
Mr. SUMNER. That is not all.
"Second. Interest shall be allowed to the State of
Maryland on such sums only on which the said State
either paid interest or lost interest by the transfer of
an interest-bearing fund."
That is the precise rule which we ask to have
applied to Massachusetts.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is it. I knew I
was correct, Mr. President. I did not give the
language, but I gave the idea correctly.
Well, sir, the accounts were to be reexam-
ined and settled according to the principles of
mercantile usage ; that is, if a payment was
made of $100,000 in 1816 and another $100,000
on the 1st of January, 1817, interest was to be
counted up to the 1st of January, 1816, and
then on the 1st of January, 1817, and so on,
making compound interest. That is all there
is to it. The accounts of the State of Mary-
land were reopened and settled according to
the principles of mercantile usage, thus obtain-
ing several hundred thousand dollars of com-
pound interest. Maryland had already received
every dollar of the principal and every dollar
of the interest at six per cent, from the date
the money was advanced where she had paid
interest. This is a similar case ; and therefore
I wish to have the attention of the Senate while
I state it fairly. This was on the 3d of March,
1857. On the 31st of May, 1858, there was
another mouse found in the meal, and of a
larger size:
"And be it farther enacted, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury be authorized and di-
rected to examine the accounts between the united
States and the several States which have been or may
be allowed interest upon claims against the united
States which have accrued during or since the war
of 1812 with Great Britain, and apply in sucn exam-
ination the provisions and principles or the twelith
section of the act of March 3,18u7, entitled An act
making appropriations for certain civil expenses nt
the Government for the year ending 30th June, 1858,
and that any money found upon such reexamination
to be due any State shall be paid to such State out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated."
That was postponed. It was not adopted
immediately. Congress began to suspect that
there might be something larger than appeared
on the surface, and gave it the go-by for that
year; but in the ne&t year, on the 26th of
