1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
987
Mr. HENDRICKS. Under the existing Con-
stitution ?
Mr. SUMNER. Of course I have. Tome
it is as plain as the sun.
Mr. NORTON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Michigan yield to the Senator
' from Minnesota?
Mr. NORTON. I wish to ask the Senator
from Massachusetts a question.
Mr. HOWARD. No; I think I will bring
the colloquy to an end just here.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall be very glad to an-
swer it.
Mr. HOWARD. There will be full time to
answer it.
Mr. McCREERY. Will the Senator from
Michigan indulge me in asking him one ques-
tion?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, Mr. President.
Mr. McCREERY. I wish to ask one ques-
tion, and have a categorical answer. [Laugh-
ter. ]
Mr. HOWARD'. I cannot assure the Sena-
tor about a categorical answer.
Mr. McCREERY. Will you suspend your
remarks for a motion to adjourn ? [Laughter. ]
Mr. HOWARD. If the honorable Senator
will excuse me, I am nearly through with the
few remarks I have to offer.
I was not present to listen to the speech of
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
which has been referred to by the honorable
Senator from Indiana, and I caunot therefore
undertake to say whether I do or do not con-
cur in the doctrines of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. It is not necessary for my purpose
to enter into that arena. I was commenting
upou the aspersions which have been cast upon
the Republican party by the honorable Sena-
tor from Indiana and others in this Chamber
for now asking for an amendment of the Con-
stitution of the United States respecting suf-
frage after the party had adopted the Chicago
platform. Now, sir, that convention acted in
presence of the historical fact that from the
beginning the States had regulated the quali-
fications of electors, both in the choice of State
officers and in the election of Representatives
to Congress and electors of President and Vice
President; and they say that in the loyal
States that right properly belongs to the people
of the States, and that is all they say, plainly
referring to the historical fact that the States had
exercised that right from the beginning. They
do not allude to any possible attempt on the
part of Congress or to attempts on the part
of conventions of the States to change that
ancient rule. But at the same time the fact
is perfectly publie, it is perfectly well known
to the honorable Senator from Indiana and to
the whole world, that the question of colored
suffrage was discussed iu Congress and out of
Congress since the beginning of the year 1866 ;
and perhaps there is nothing more notorious
than that so far as the rebel States were con-
cerned the Republican party were in favor of
imparting to the colored race the right of voting
as they had done in all the reconstruction acts
which they had passed since the 4th of March,
1864. This, then, is no new question before the
country; it is no surprise upon the country at
all; and all that has been said by honorable
Senators on this subject, it seems to me, has
had in view more the making of a sharp point
politically and in a partisan sense than to
illustrate the real doctrines which lie at the
bottom of the subject.
I shall vote to impart to the colored man, wher-
ever he may be found within the limits of the
United States, if he be a citizen of the United
States, the same rights both in regard to his
property and liberty and to his political rights
and privileges, as pertain to the white man ; and
I shall do it because we have made him a citizen
of the United States; and on this question I
have'no fear of going before my constituents
or any constituency in the United States and
before the tribunal of history.
I have thus, Mr. President, as briefly as
possible, expressed my objections to the form
which this amendment has received at the
hands of the Committee on the Judiciary. I
think it contains within itself a grant of power
to the Congress of the United States to set up
other tests for voting and holding office; any
other tests, if you please, but those specifically
mentioned in the clause. I am quite sure that
neither the Senate nor the House of Repre-
sentatives, if they look upon this matter in that
light, will ever agree to any such proposition ;
and I am entirely certain that the Legislatures
of the several States to whom this amendment
may be transmitted will entirely dissent from
it; while I have no doubt that if the proposi-
tion is plainly submitted of giving to the citi-
zens of African descent the right to vote and
hold office like other citizens of the United
States the amendment will be carried by a
handsome majority.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I did
not expect to add anything to the remarks I
made upon the platform adopted by the Repub-
lican party last year ; but I feel it proper to
call the attention of the Senator from Michigan
to a view that I take of that platform. It is
very clear that he and the distinguished Senator
from Massachusetts do not agree. They did
not agree last year, and when they stood side
by side upon the platform they could not have
agreed. There is in this platform a distinction
taken between the northern and the southern
States. There is in this platform claimed for
Congress the right to control suffrage in the
southern States, the right to extend it to the
colored people there. That is whatis claimed
in the first part of the resolution, that Con-
gress has the right to extend suffrage to the
colored people in the southern States. As an
opposite idea to that the last clause of the res-
olution declares that the control of that sub-
ject properly belongs to the people of the
States in the northern States.
Mr. HOWARD. The loyal States.
Mi-. HENDRICKS. That is the same thing,
I suppose. By loyal States you mean the
States that did not go into the rebellion—■
States that, in the language of the Senator
from Michigan, "did not forfeit by rebellion
their control of the subject." Then in the
southern States this platform claims a right
for Congress to confer suffrage upon the col-
ored people; in the northern States it claims
for the people of the States the right to control
thatquestion "properly," not constitutionally.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, constitutionally.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir; the language
is, itbelong to the northern States "'properly."
Mr. HOWARD. It belongs to them from
ancient usage—by prescription, if you please.
It was one of the original State rights. It was
not granted to the people of any of the States
by the Constitution. The Constitution found
it existing and recsgnized that right as exist-
ing in the States.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Here is the language:
" WMlo the question of suffrage in all the loyal
Statespropeiiy belongs to the people of those States."
Now, if it properly belongs to the people of
the States to regulate suffrage, is it proper for
Congress to take it away ? If it belongs to the
people of the State of Indiana, how can all
the rest of the States united take it away from
them ?
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will excuse
me, he asked him whether it would be proper
for Congress to take it away. Sir, Congress
is not going to take it away. Congress cannot
take it away. What we are doing does not
take away the right of the States in this regard.
If that right is taken away it must be taken
away by the American people represented in
their various Legislatures, and in the form pre-
scribed by the fundamental law of the Repub-
lic—the Constitution—to which every citizen is
subject and a party.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If it properly belongs
to a State can twenty-seven States take it away
from that one State?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then it does not prop-
erly belongto.it; it belongs to twenty-seven
States. It caunot properly belong to one State,
because of its State sovereignty, and at the
same time properly belong to twenty-seven
States. The one State is regulated by law,
and the twenty-seven States by constitutional
amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the honorable Sesi-
ator allow me to call his attention to the very
language of the article?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. "While the question of
suffrage in all the loyal States properly be-
longs to the people of those States; " not to
each one.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Well, I will ask, can
each one of the loyal States control it by a
constitutional amendment?
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Without a constitu-
tionalamendment? By a constitutional amend-
ment? Which does the Senator claim? I ask
his attention. Does he claim that the southern
States have no control over it any more, but
that the loyal States, in the form of a constitu-
tional amendment, may take the control of
the suffrage away from any one State? Is
that the. position of the Senator?
Mr. HOWARD. My position—I now re-
peat it—is, that while the rebel States were,
S so to speak, de facto out of the Union, after
they had forfeited their political rights under
] the Constitution, they were at the mercy and
subject to the action of the Congress of the
United States ; while they were in that con-
dition they could not, as against the will of
Congress, regulate suffrage or do anything
else within the limits of their own States
as independent sovereign States, as they are
called ; but after they shall be remitted to their
original condition as States of the Union in
pursuance of the regulations and laws of Con-
gress, and become represented in the two
Houses of Congress, and thus become rein-
stated as sister States of the Union, they would
of course have the same right as the original
loyal States, not only in that respect, but in all
others.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, in the
course of this short debate the Senator from
Michigan has put two constructions upon this
last clause of his platform. In the first place,
he said that it meant that constitutionally it
belonged to each State. Now I understand
him to say that it belongs to all the loyal States
in the aggregate; that the people of all the
loyal States rightfully control it.
Mr. HOWARD. Three fourths.
Mr. HENDRICKS. These two positions
he has occupied iu the last twenty minutes.
When the Senator wishes to get away from
the force of the plain language of his party,
understood by everybody, and wants now to
do that which a year ago was declared to be
by the platform improper to do, of course ho
has to resort to criticism upon his own plat-
form.
Mr. SUMNER. May I remind the Senator
that a conspicuous leader of the party, who is
now dead, made haste when that improvident
resolution was put before the public, to de-
nounce it as foolish and utterly untenable? I
refer to Thaddeus Stevens. He said that that
position taken at Chicago was foolish and
untenable. He wrote a letter within a week
after that was published.
Mi. HENDRICKS. Was that letter pub-
lished ?
Mr. SUMNER. It was published and ex-
tensively circulated. I never had any hesita-
tion in saying the same thing.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I understand
that Mr. Stevens, to whom the Senator refers,
and the Senator from Massachusetts himself,
put this construction upon this clause, that it
declares the control of suffrage properly as a
political question, independently of constitu-
tional provisions, to belong to the States ; and
if that be the proper construction, then I say
to the distinguished Senator from Massachu-
setts that his party now proposes to do that
