mm
.SHE OON&BMSKfMI^&LfiM.
Pebraery, 18-59, eaine the final sitfuggl&on
compound interest. Then thttfctause was
moved to an appropriation bill. Mark, yon,
all this was done, in the same w# that these
jobs are always done—brought ia. of an after-
noon or evening on an appropriation bill:
" That all tB« States which have had or shall have
refunded to then) by the United States moneys ex-
pended by such Stales for military parposes daring
©r since the war of 1812 with Great Britain, which
liave not already beefi allowed interest 11 pon the
moneys so expended, shall bow be allowed interest
so far as they have themselves paid or lostitj said
interest to be' combated by the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury according to the provisions
and principles directed to be applied to the case of
Maryland by the twelfth 8ectlon.of.the act. of March
3; 1857, entitled Ail act making appropriations for
certain civil expenses of the Government for'th'o.year
ending Jnuo ;i0.1858;' and that all the Stateg which
Save been allowed interest upon claim,? against the
United States, accruing during or since said War of
1812, shall be entitled to h.'ive their interest accounts
reexamined and restated by the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury according to the provisions
and principles of the twelfth section of said act of
Mareh3,1867; and that those provisions and prin-
ciples shall govern the computation ofintereSt m all
cases in which interest ipay hereafter be allowed to
any of the States. Any money found to be due to
any State, as directed by'this Section to be computed
and ascertained, shall be paid to such State out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated."
Mr. SUMNER. "What statute does the Sen-
ator refer to ?
Mr. CHANDLER. This amendment was
offered February 26, 1859.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. What committee moved
the amendment?
Mr. CHANDLER. It was "on motion by
Mr. Iverson, from the Committee on Claims."
That proposition was adopted in this body.
Information was called for; and it finally
turned out that there were seventeen million
some odd thousand dollars in that innocent
little readjustment. Seventeen hundred thou-
sand dollars compound interest was to go to
Virginia alone.
Mr. SUMNER. It never passed.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; thanks to the
new States, for we combined and defeated you;
and I supposed we had settled compound in-
terest forever. It has not appeared from that
day to this. Its hydra-head was smashed.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CONNBSS. My friend from Michigan
does not mean that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts was in combination with the "slave
power" to do that at that time? [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; but we killed
compound interest, and I supposed it was dead
forever. I never expected to see compound
interest appear again on the face of the earth
in this body ; but here it is again. As I said
before, all the new States then combined and
voted down this question of compound inter-
est. Every dollar of the principal and every
dollar of simple interest, where interest had
been paid, having already been paid, we went
against this $17,000,000 for compound inter-
est. We combined against it and killed it;
and I hope the Senate will never resuscitate the
remains of that monster. There, sir, is briefly
the history of this whole question.
Mr. HOWARD. I had hoped that the Sen-
ate would adjourn and take a night's rest after
the earnest remarks of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts were finished; bnt that does not
seem to be the will of the Senate, and as I have
a few words to say on the subject I shall be
compelled to proceed, somewhat against my
will, because I should like especially to inform
myself more fully and accurately respecting
this claim before I undertake to say a word
upon it. If it is the desire of any gentleman
to move an adjournment I will yield the floor
for that purpose.
Mr. TIPTON. With the permissioa of the
Senator from Michigan, I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope not.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh , yes; there are sev-
eral gentlemen who want to speak on this sub-
ject, and you might as well adjourn first as
last.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Thayer
in tteifcWir.) The Senator fi«i  Nebraska
moves that the Senate do now adjonftic - <
"Mr. CON NESS. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. SifEBMAN. I hope my friend from
Nebraska will withdraw that motion, for a
moment. I desire to make a brief Statement
if be will with withdraw, it.
•" Mr. TIPTON.' I withdraw'ifc
• Mi-. HOWARD. !I %etieve I hare th$ ffoor.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will allow
me take,but a moment.
- Mr. HOWARD. I have but a word to' say,
and uiiless it is something important that the
Senator desires to state I should prefer to
proceed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to appeal to my
friend from Massachusetts tor withdraw this
amendment, because it is manifest that'it stands
in the way of the appropriation bills. I have
no desire to speak against it, and laerer. con-
sume time beyond what I thiiSk necessary to
express my views ; but I am satisfied that the
public good will be advanced by letting this
question go over until the next session of Con*
gress.
Mr. SUMNEE. Mr. President, tihe Senate*1
from Ohio has opposed this amendment in
every possible form—on questions of form, oh
questions of order, on questions of history,
on questions of finance, on everything. He
has summoned from his arsenal every possible
weapon against it, and now he asks to • kill it
by indirection. l5o long as I have any control
over it it shall not be withdrawn. I am per-
fectly willing to accept the judgment of the
Senate. They may vote it down if they see fit;
but it is a just claim, and I insist upon having
a vote of the Senate upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; I will vote to
adjourn.
Mr. HOWARD. I differ diametrically from
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts as
to the justice of this claim.
Mr. POMEROY. Will the Senator allow
me to make a point of order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Michigan has the floor.
Mr. POMEROY. I rise to a question of
order. My point of order is under the fourth
rule of the Senate, which I should like to have
the Clerk read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule
will be read.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us hear the point of
order first.
Mr. POMEROY. The point of order is
that no Senator can speak more than twice on
the same subject on the same day. It is the
fourth rule of the Senate.
Mr, HOWARD. Read the rule.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"4. No Senator shall speak more than twice in
any one debate on the same day without leave of
the Senate, which question shall be decided without
debate."
Mr. HOWARD. Does the Senator from
Kansas assert that I have spoken even once on
this subject?
Mr. POMEROY. I understood the Senator
to have spoken twice during the day.
Mr. HOWARD. I have put some questions
for information, but I have not addressed the
Senate on this subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under that
statement the Senator from Michigan will
proceed.
Mr. POMEROY. I withdraw the point of
order if the Senator has not spoken twice.
My understanding was that he had.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The Sen-
ator from Michigan will proceed without inter-
ruption except by his consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senator from
Michigan to give way to me for one moment
to make a statement.
Mr. HOWARD. I will give way for a
motion to adjourn, if the Senator wishes to
make it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will conclude what I
have to say, which" is but a word or two, With
a motion to adjourn.
• Mr. HOWARD. I will yield for that purpose,
Mr. TRUMBULL. Twish to say that it is
bow manifest that certain Senators here aire
willing to take the responsibility of defeating
the Ordinary appropriations for the support of
the Government at the-present session of Con-
gress, and upon the heads of those who take
that responsibility I think it may now property
rest. We faet at eleven o' clock this morning)
it is now past eleven at night; and if Senators
who belong to the majority that controls the
Government will insist on putting upoft appro-
priation bills matters not pertinent to thOsi
bills, claims of this character, I think thoise of
tis Who want to support the Government, and
want to pass the ordinary appropriation bills to
maintain the Government, will be justified, at
this hour, and after this protracted session, and
with this disposition manifested and avowed
that it shall b-0*persisted in, let the public Ser-
vice suffer as it may, in goirtgto our homes and
letting them take the responsibility. I move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. Who is persisting?
Mr. CONKLING. Is debate in order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate >
not in order. The Senator from Illinois moves
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. CONNBSS. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. BUOKALE W (after voting in the affirm-
ative) said: With the permission of the Senate
I desire to withdraw my vote.
Mr. CONK'LING. How can the Senator
withdrawals vote?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I am paired off on the
subject of this amendment with my colleague,
[Mr. Cameron',] and under the circumstances
I would rather not vote on the adjournment.
Mr. CONKLING. But if that be so, allow
me to suggest there are .other Senators here
who have paired on this section and who have
voted on the other side.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the result will be
announced.
Mr. CONKLING. I object with great re-
spect to the withdrawal of the vote, because
other Senators have voted under the same cir-
cumstances.
The result was announced—yeas 23, nays 24;
as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, Conklmg,
Drake, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Harlan,
Hendricks, Howard, McCrecry, Morgan, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rice. Robertson, Sherman, Stew-
art, Tipton, Trumbull, "Whyte, and Williams—23. .
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Cattell, Cole, Conness,
Corbett, Cragin, Dooiittle. Fessenden, Harris, Kel-
logg, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Ross, Sawyer, Sprague, Sumner, Thayer. Van "Win-
kle, Warner, and Wilson—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron,
Davis, Dixon, Edmunds, Ferry, Henderson, Howe,
Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Pool. Saulsbury,
Spenoer, Vickers, Wade, Welch, Wiiiey, and
Y ates—19.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts with great fervor and
confidence asserts his conviction in the perfect
justice of this claim, and goes so far as to as-
sure us that although it may be defeated now
it will rise up and be again presented in the
future, and that Massachusetts will never aban-
don it; that she will persist in this claim until
it is finally paid. Of coarse we do not know
what may be found in the great womb of the
future; but one thing I am quite sure is not to
lMrfonnd there-Wlfelsewhere, and that is the
justice andt&jplltfy of this claim.
I have listened with great 'attention to the
discussion which has been had o'n the subject
and with a sincere desire to form tt^correct
opinion in my own mind, certainly without any
prejudice toward Massachusetts or any other
State, without any prejudice to the personal
owner or owners of the claim, but with the
single purpose to arrive at a just and fair con-
clusion ; and after hearing the statutes all read
