86
TiEB- - OONG-RESSIO^M, ^ GLOKE.
December 9,
only in form, with the act of secession passed
by the Legislature or convention of the State
of Sonth Carolina, in December, 1860._ 1 de-
sire to see an end of all this trifling with the
rights of a great people, with the interests of
a great people, with the security of a great
people.
I believe that the people of Virginia -will
ratify this amendment. That being done, we
will be ready to take this other step, and see
whether we can put an end to this quibbling
•among these assemblies of conspirators in the
States about the ratification of an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States. Your
President, manifestly, is of the opinion that
the amendment is not a part of the Constitu-
tion, else he would not have sent to this House
la message declaring that the debt of the nation
"should bepaid by withholding the six'per cent,
interest and applying it semi-annually to the
payment df the principal, thereby arriving at
the result that at the end of sixteen years and
eight months you will have extinguished your
entire indebtedness. A new way, sir, of pay-
ing old debts^ In that constitutional amend-
ment is written this language:
" The validity of the public debt of the United
States authorized by law, inducting debts 'incurred
(or payment of pensions and bounties for services
in suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall not be
questioned."
*1 suppose it is questioned'when you propose
to discharge the principal by applying the
interest to that purpose.
Mr. ELDIUDGE. Will the gentle man allow
me a moment?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly; though my time
is fast running out.
Mr. ELDIUDGE. I expect the gentleman
to yield to me to give briefly the reason why ]
cannot vole for this bill. Before I do that,
however, I would like to ask the gentleman
if he is not satisfied, from a hasty reading of
the President's message, that he has not given
the fair construction of it? I admit that the
language of the message of the President is
somewhat vague. But what I understand it to
mean is to pay the indebtedness which is now
drawing six percent., and thereafter apply what
would otherwise be the six per cent, interest
to paying other portions of the indebtedness.
Mr. BINGHAM. It seems to me that the
gentleman does not help the matter at all by
his explanation. When words in a written
paper are clear there is an end of all question
as to the construction. Here is the language
of the President.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Thegentleinan will recol-
lect that he began the reading at the middle
of the paragraph, lie should take, in that
connection, what the President said preceding
the portion of the message incorporated in
the resolution which was lead.
Mr. BLNGIIAM. That is, "that our national
credit should be sacredly observed," &c.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. Yes; that is it.
Mr. BINGHAM. That was incorporated in
the resolution.
Mr. ELDIUDGE. Well, what was before
that?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will take the whole
document, in connection with that statement:
"Upon this statement, of f.iets it would seem but
just, and equitable that the six percent, interest now
paid by the Government should be applied to the
reduction of the principal in semi-annual install-
ments, which m sixteen years ami eight months
would liquidate the entire national debt."
Now, it strikes me that the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Ei.dkidge,] if ho would take
a month for considering the matter, could not
more plainly state the proposition to pay off
the principal of the national'debt in sixteen
"years and eight months by using semi-annually
the six per cent, interest thereon.
Mr. HIGBY. I rise to a question of order.
It is not now in order to discuss the Presi-
dent's message, it having been laid on the
table.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman
from California [Mr. Bjuby] does not pro-
pose to become the advocate of the President
in this matter. I take it that it was quite
legitimate for the purpose of my argument for
me, in order to convince members of the im-
portance'of the ratification of the constitu-
tional amendment, to show that the'President
has here in your presence violated,the amend-
ment, which declares expressly that the valid-
ity of the national debt shall not be questioned.
Here you have the President questioning the
validity of the debt, and proposing to repudiate
it in its entirety.
Mr. BOYER. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment? , - . .
Mr. BINGHAM. . N? ; not at • this : time.
You have on the other hand a Legislative
Assembly proposing to repudiate the validity
of the constitutional amendment. 1 repeat,
sir, that-it is time that this Congress should
take action in this matter. I agree with the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr; Wilson] that, as
I said before when I opened this discussion,
this act of repealing the ratification of the
Amendment was revolutionary, and therefore
Ifvoid ; that an amendment having been ratified
by the Legislatures of three fourths of the
States could not thereafter be challenged by
any State, except in the manner provided by
the Constitution itself, to wit : a new amend-
ment to be proposed by Congress and acted
upon by the Ltegislatures of three fourths of
the States.
Mr. BOYER. Will the gentleman now yield
to me ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman yielded
to me, 1 thought.
Mr. BOYER. I desire merely to state——•
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bixhham] yielded the floor to
me. I stated that before I proceeded with
what I had to say on this bill I would propound
a question to him which did not relate to this
bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I had forgotten that; I
will hear the question now.
Mr. BOYER. I desire to say but a word.
Mr. ELDIUDGE. If the gentleman from
Ohio will consent, I will defer what I have to
say until the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Boyt:r] has made his statement.
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well.
Mr. BOYER. I desire to make a single
remark. Notwithstanding the unfortunate
nature of the language used by the President
in liia annual message, I think the six per cent,
he alludes to is not the six per cent, which the
Government pays as interest to the holders of
its bonds. If gentlemen will refer back a few
sentences they will perceive that an allusion
is made by the President to the national bank-
ing system, by which the national bondholders
are enabled, if they turn bankers, to make Six
per cent, in addition to the interest they re-
ceive, which, in fact, underthepresent national
banking system as established by Congress, is
a premium of six per cent, which the people
pay to the national banks. I think that the
President intended to recommend that the six
per cent, in gold which is thus paid under our
present bankinglaw as a premium to the banks
should go toward the liquidation of the national
debt.
Mr. EARNSWORTH. now can he mean
that when he proposes to pay off in that way
the entire national debt in sixteen years?
Mr. BINGHAM. I now yield for a moment
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Judu.]
Mr. J HDD. As the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Boyer] is construing the mes-
sage, and seems to understand it, I very much
desire that he should tell me the meaning of
a passage which I will read, to be found on
the eleventh page of the pamphlet copy.
Mr. HIGBY. I rise to a fioint of order. I
wish to ask the Speaker whether it is in order
to take up th.e President's message and dis-
cuss it when the House has just laid it on the
0 ^
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the
gentleman from California [Mr. Higby] is cer-
tainly not in earnest in his point of order.
Mr. HIGBY. I am in earnest.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the speech of the queen of Great Britain to
Parliament, though not submitted to Congress
at all, might be a legitimate subject for dis-
cussion here, if germane to the question un-
der review. The fact that the President's
message has been laid on the table certainly
does not remove it from discussion as public
matter any more than it precludes the discus-
sion of any other public matter kn'Own to the
country*arid to members of the House.
Mr. HIGBY. I supposed that when the
document was laid on th'e-table that was the
end of it'.
The-SPEAKER. Any public document or
the speech of any private citizen, if it were
•ger&ane to the subject under debate, might be
referred to in the discussions of the House,
and the Chair does riot see how he could pre-
vent it. _
Mr. JUDD. The sentence- which I desire
to ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Boyer] to explain is in these words:
"And the conclusion is becoming prevalent that
the amount which it [the Government] obtained was
in real money three or four hundred per cent, less
than the obligations which it issued in return."
I ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
explain the.meaning'of that passage.
Mr. BOYER. I shall not undertake ,to ex-
plain everything the President has said in this
message, as I am not his representative, nor
does the duty devolve on me to be the ex-
pounder of whatever he may utter. But I will
say this  
Mr. BINGHAM. I have but a little time
remaining, and I must resume the floor that I
may yield, as I promised, to the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge. J
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I should
not have sought an opportunity to say a word
upon this subject but for the fact that it may
' seem that we all acquiesce in the action of the
House upon this bill. I have persistently voted
against all measures of "reconstruction," and
I look upon this as one of those measures. I
cannot vote for it because I believe the State
of Virginia to be an existing State of this U nion
to-day, having the same rights as any other
State. I cannot vote for this proposition be-
cause it is a proposition to submit to men who
are not legal voters of the State of Virginia
the question what the constitution of that State
shall be. I cannot vote for this proposition
because it is liable to all the objections that
have been urged against all the reconstruction
measures of this Congress. Hence, as one of
the members of this House, I canuot be con-
sidered as acquiescing in.any action which pro-
poses to submit this constitution to the people
of the .State of Virginia for adoption as the
fundamental law of that State.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr.'Speaker, the gentle-
man has said about all that ean be said on that
side of the House against the passage of this
bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman ought
not to presume that, for we have not the oppor-
tunity to debate, and he does us injustice when
he says it.
_Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman totally
mistakes the spirit of my remark. More
words might be added to it, but I say that the
proposition which the gentleman enunciates is
the groundwork of all the hostility to this bill.
He has stated it well enough. He holds' that
Virginia is an organized State of the Union,
entitled to representation without our inter-
ference, and that no reconstruction is needed.
The gentleman's statement needs no elaborate
argument. The reply to that is this : the peo-
ple of this country have spoken on this subject,
and they have decided against the gentleman
and against his party.
Mr. ELDRID GE. They have decided again st
the congressional policy.
Mr. BINGHAM. They have decided against
bis argument,
Mr. ELPRIDGE. You could not have
elected a majority here in Congress if it had
not been for General Grant to draw them in.
