1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1741
and the arguments in favor of the claim pre-
sented with all the ingenuity of which we know
the Senator from Massachusetts and others are
such masters I eantiot resist the conclusion
that the claim is absolutely unfounded in jus-
tice and unfounded in any principle of law. If
that be the character of the claim I trust the
day is far distant when it will be recognized as
a just claim on the part of the Congress of the
U nited States.
I shall not go into the inquiry respecting the
conduct of the Executive of the government of
Massachusetts during the war, into the legality
or constitutionality of the order of the Gov-
ernor of that Commonwealth in refusing to
allow the militia of the State to be taken out of
the limits of the State. All that is past and
gone, and it ought to be considered as buried in
oblivion. It is sufficient for me to look upon
the statute which is new before me, the act of
May 14, 1836, and upon the statute makingthe
appropriation, which was made in 1859 for the
payment of the claim, to satisfy myself-that the
thing is paid and satisfied and that there is no
part of this claim at present in legal existence.
I wish to call the attention of Senators to the
language of this act of 1S36. It was passed as
a special act with special reference to the claim
or claims of Massachusetts growing out of the
war of 1812. What does it say?
"That the Secretary of War in preparing his re-
port pursuant to the resolve of the House of Repre-
sentatives, agreed to on the 24th of February, 1832, be,
and hereby is, authorized, without regard to existing
rules and requirements, to receive such evidence ns
is on file and any further proofs which may be offered
tending to establish the validity of the claims of
Massachusetts upon the United States or any part
thereof for services, disbursements,"—
Listen to the language—
"disbursements, and expenditures during the late
war with Great Britain."
Now, sir, pray tell me what was the subject-
matter thus submitted to the Secretary of
War? What were the claims of Massachusetts
mentioned in this special act? Disbursements
and expenditures for services in the war of
1812. Now, sir, suppose for illustration's sake
that Massachusetts had disbursed $100,000 in
money for the benefit of the Government in
that war. She is by this act called upon to
account to the United States, and the law refers
the account to the Secretary of War for settle-
ment and adjustment. Massachusetts brings
before the Secretary of War for account her
claim for disbursements, for expenditures made
for this purpose and that purpose and the other
purpose, and she says nothing about interest
upon those disbursements. I ask any lawyer,
any business man, any commercial man—any
man I will go so far as to say, of common
sense—whether if there was supposed to be
any interest due upon these disbursements and
expenditures that interest did not constitute,
under that statute, part and parcel of the claim
of Massachusetts? The interest, if it was
claimed or claimable, if it was due or demand-
able, in any sense legal or commercial, was
just as much apart and parcel of this claim as
was the principal itself; and who here can
deny the accuracy of that proposition?
Mr. CONKLING. And still more, interest
which she claimed to have paid out.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir; then it would
have been money paid out. What I say is,
if she had any claim of interest it was part and
parcel of the claim itself, for interest upon a
sum which has been advanced is as much a
part of the claim, in contemplation of law and
of justice and common sense, as the principal
itself. That is an undeniable proposition in
law and in justice. Under this special statute
relating to the claims of Massachusetts and
every part thereof, in the language of the
statute, Massachusetts accounted with the Uni-
ted States before the proper officer appointed
under this statute, and that officer found a cer-
tain amount to be due to Massachusetts, to wit,
the sum which was mentioned in the appropri-
ation act of 1859, two hundred and odd thou-
sand dollars; and the United States having
thus audited these claims for disbursements,
expenditures, and everything else that comes
within the category of claims, the United States
paid the amount thus awarded, and Massa-
chusetts receipted for those claims. She was
satisfied, sir. She understood that the claim,
whatever it was, the claim mentioned in that
statute, was paid and satisfied, and she had no
other claim and no part of a,ny other claim.
The claim itself, by payment, became annihi-
lated and extinct; and that was her under-
standing, because she did not make any special
claim for interest at that time. She had never
made any such claim before, and she never
made any such claim afterward, until 1865,
as we have been informed by the Senator from
Massachusetts. Now a claim is brought for-
ward here, and we are asked to pay twice the
claim which existed formerly before the pas-
sage of this act.* It is nothing more nor less
than a demand of double payment.
Mr. President, I can agree to no such thing.
If the old Bay State, famous in her history,
famous in her jurisprudence, noted for her
vigilance in regard to her own interests, public
as well as private, had omitted for so many
years to make a specific claim for interest
upon these items it shows conclusively to my
mind that she never intended to make such a
claim, and that when she accepted the money
from the Treasury of the United States she
esteemed herself entirely satisfiedand theclaim
itself paid off and settled.
Since then, for some motive or reason not
known to me and not explained here, she has
seen fit to assign to a railroad company the
possibility which may exist in her favor of re-
covering i n teres t which she never before thought
of and which she had uniformly renounced and
repudiated. She merely assigned her chances
to a railroad corporation. It was never the
act of the old Bay State to present this claim
here. It was the work of some claim-monger
whose ingenuity had gone so far as to discover
a possibility of getting the interest upon this
paid-off claim for the benefit of a railroad.
Now, sir, so far as that railroad is concerned
it has my highest regard. If the railroad com-
pany would come forward here manfully and
say, "We are in need of money or lands to aid
us in our enterprise," I would be liberal with
them ; and 1 am not sure but that I would give
them a small but a very small subsidy in bonds
or guarantees. But, sir, when this claim, which
has once been formally satisfied and extin-
guished, is presented as a just and legal claim,
I say that although I do not suspect old Massa-
chusetts of resorting to this trick upon Con-
gress, I suspect somebody who is interested in
the claim of resorting to artifice, I do not say
misrepresentation, for the purpose of wringing
out of the people of the United States the pay-
ment of interest money which was never due,
ar.d which was never claimed by that honest
old Commonwealth. Sir, I speak in honor of
the old Commonwealth of Massachusetts when
I assert this ; but I say that this claim has no
justice and no legality in it, and it will not be
recognized, even should it pass this body, as a
very creditable act to the Senate of the United
States, in my judgment. That is all I have to
say on the question.
Mr. CONNESS. I now move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
Mr. MORTON and others. Oh, no ; let us
vote.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I call for the
yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. SPRAGUE. 1 desire to state that I
have paired off with the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] on this amendment, and there-
fore decline to vote pn this motion.
Mr. W1LLEY. Is have paired off with the
Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Vickers,] and
therefore I decline to vote on all these ques-
tions.
Mr. WILSON. I am paired off on this
amendment with the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Edmonds.] I am told it is not right
under that pair to vote on this motion. I did
not so understand it, and voted on a similar
\ motion before; but I see that other Senators
who are paired off are declining to vote, and
therefore I decline also.
The result was announced—yeas 21, nays 18;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Conkiing, Conness,
Drake, Fowler, FreliDghuysen, Grimes, Hendricks,
Howard, McCreery, Morgan, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Kice, Robertson, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull,
Whyte, and Williams—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cattell, Cole,
Cragin, Feasenden, Harlan, Harris, McDonald, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, Boss, Sawyer, Sumner,
and Thayer—IS.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Cameron.
Corbett, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Ferry,
Henderson, Howe, Kellogg, Norton, Patterson of
Tennessee. Pool, Sanlsbury, Sherman, Spencer,
Sprague. Van Winkle, Vickers, Wade, Warner,
Welch. Willey, Wilson, and Yates—27.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 1, 1869.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtos.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
ORDER OX' BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of States and
Territories, commencing with the State of
Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions to be referred to their appropriate
committees, not to be brought back into the
House by motions to reconsider. During this
call memorials and resolutions of State and
territorial Legislatures are in order.
tkxxessee and coosa railroad.
Mr. CALLIS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2010) granting lands in the State of Alabama
to the Tennessee and Coosa Railroad Company,
to aid in the construction thereof, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. HAUGHEY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2011) to relieve Joseph H. Sloss, ofFranklin
county, Alabama, from all legal and political
disabilities; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction.
Mr. HAUGHEY also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2012) to relieve Robert B. Lindsey, of
Franklin county, Alabama, from all legal and
political disabilities; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the same com-
mittee.
Mr. HAUGHEY also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2013) to relieve D. M. Lindsey, of
Lauderdale county, Alabama, from all legal
and political disabilities ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the same com-
mittee.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Ham-
lin, one of its Clerks, informed the House that
the Senate had passed without amendment a
bill and joint resolutions of the House of the
following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 1758) to incorporate the
Masonic Mutual Relief Association of the Dis-
trict of Columbia;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 466) donating
condemned cannon and muskets for the Me-
Pherson monument; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 469) granting
the use of military equipments for the inaugu-
ration ceremonies.
The message also informed the House that
the Senate had passed the bill (H. R. No. 1744)
to strengthen the public credit and relating to
contracts for the payment of coin, with amend-
ments, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
The message,further announced that the
Senate had passed a concurrent resolution
requesting the President of the United States
to transmit forthwith to the Executives of the
