1869.
the congressional globe.
989
tbe States and there were certain defined pow-
ers conferred upon the Government of the Uni-
ted States. In the exercise of the powers con-
ferred upon the Government of the United
States that, Government is sovereign. In the
exercise of the powers retained by the States
those governments are sovereign. Where a
State has the power to regulate a subject and
the General Government has no control over
its action in that regulation, the State is com-
pletely sovereign in that regard, because she
is entirely master of the subject; and where
the Government of the United States regulates
a subject without State interference at all, that
Government is entirely sovereign over that
8ubj«ct; as sovereign as any Government can
be over any subject whatever.
Now, sir, it is of the very essence of the rela-
tions between the States and the General Gov-
ernment that the States shall retain the control
of a large class of subjects. All questions of a
domestic sort, the regulation of property, the
descent of estates, the courts that regulate such
questions—these are exclusively within the con-
trol of the States ; their regulation requires that
the State shall have a Legislature, that it-shall
make laws ; and if it make laws as an inde-
pendent and sovereign State over these subjects
it must have the control and selection of the
]aw-makers. And if you take away from the
State the power to select the law-makers you
take away from the State the control of the
subjects that the laws may operate upon. So
when the Constitution of the United States
takes away from the State the control over the
subject of suffrage it takes away from the State
the control of her own laws upon a subject that
the Constitution of the United States intended
she should be sovereign upon. But I have said
more upon this question than I intended to do.
Now, Mr. President, if it were the pleasure
of Congress to change the Constitution upon a
subject so important as this ought it not to be
clear and beyond all doubt that it would result
in public good ? I know there are very many
distinguished men in the Republican party who
have recently expressed the opinion that univer-
sal suffrage would be an evil; that these colored
people, just come out of a condition of slavery,
were not qualified to exercise the suffrage for"
the good of the public. I know that opinion
was expressed by very many within a short
time past.
Mr. EDMUNDS, (in his seat.) What is your
opinion?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Now, sir, there has
been but a short experience on the subject.
If the Senator from Vermont wishes to say any-
thing to me he can now interrupt me. Address
tbe Chair, and then I will respond.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask the Senator
from Indiana, for information, what in his opin-
ion, as a i-eal Democrat, is the true foundation
of Government; whether he believes that uni-
versal suffrage is the true principle or not?
Mr. HENDRICKS. For the true founda-
tion of government I will refer the Senator to
Jefferson's writings, which I think are very sat-
isfactory on that subject. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS.. No, Mr. President; I
wish to know the opinion of my honored friend
from Indiana. Jefferson is dead; my friend is
not quite.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, as I
was saying, we have had but a very short ex-
perience on this question. A year ago, or a
little more, suffrage was conferred upon the
colored people in some of the States by Con-
gress. Governments have been going on in those
States in some way or other for this short pe-
riod. I submit to Senators that the propriety
of it has not been sufficiently tested to justify
Congress in makingapermanent changeforall
the States. A test of a year in those States of
the South is not a satisfactory test. If so short
a period could furnjsh a test, the success of
government in those States has not been such
as to justify very high hopes in that direction.
I am sure no Senators will claim that society
is in a more secure condition by the introduc-
tion of this element into the political power of
the States. But I do not intend to discuss that
question at any length. I now reach the ques-
tion that is suggested by the Senator from
V ermont.
I have not been satisfied, as many gentle-
men of the Republican party recently were not
satisfied, that it is wis© to estend the suffrage
to the colored people. If any State chooses
to do it under the existing Constitution it is
her own right to do so. I make no war upon
that. That is right, because it is in the sense
of the Constitution right, the State having the
power to do so. But I am not satisfied, I never
have been satisfied, that it is wise to make suf-
frage universal so as to include that race;
and I think upon this subject there are some
Senators in this Hall who are going to vote for
this amendment who will agree with me. I
will come to that directly.
I do not believe that the negro race and the
white race can mingle in the exercise of polit-
ical power and bring good results to society.
We are of different races. Men may argue
about it as much as they please ; we know that
in many respects there is a great difference be-
tween the races. There is a difference not only
in their physical appearance and conformation,
but there is a difference morally and intellect-
ually ; and I do not believe that the two races
can mingle successfully in the management of
government. I believe that it will bring strife
and trouble to the country. That is my ooti-
viction upon the subject. I do notbelieve that
they will add to the common intelligence of
the country when we make them voters.
Some Senator this evening said that intel-
ligence and virtue were essential to the safe
exercise of the suffrage. I think that race does
not now bring to the mass of the intelligence
of this country an addition. I do not think it
ever will. That race in its whole history has
furnished no evidence of its capacity to lift
i tself up. It has never laid the foundation for
its own civilization. Any elevation that we
find in that race is when we find it coming in
contact with the white race. The influence of
the white race upon the colored man has car-
ried him up somewhat in the scale of civiliza-
tion, but when dependent upon himself he has
never gone upward. I am willing that that'
shall be tested by the history and experience
of two thousand years back. While the ten-
dency of the white race is upward, the tendency
of the colored race is downward ; and I have
always supposed it is because in that race the
physical predominates over the moral and in-
tellectual qualities. 1 may be mistaken in that;
I will not undertake to say that that is certainly
so. But I believe that the tendency of that
race is downward when not supported by the
intelligence of the white race.
Mr. WELCH. May I ask the Senator, are
the qualities of the ^oter—which are qualifica-
tions—in the individual or in the race ? Is the
white villain, if there is such a character, qual-
ified to vote, while the intelligent negro—for
there are intelligent negroes—is unqualified to
vote? The question is on the individuals, not
on the race.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I listened to the Sen-
ator discuss the question of individual intelli-
gence and individual virtue this evening. I
am not speaking of it in that relation just now,
because the amendment that is pending before
the Senate is not considering the race in regard
to the individuals that make it. This is a prop-
osition to extend the suffrage to an entire race.
I am speaking of that race, whether it is a
wise thing to bring into the political Govern-
ment of this country this race,which has shown
in its history an incapacity to elevate itself or
to establish a civilization for itself.
Mr. WELCH. May I ask another question ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator desires
it. I do not want to repeat his speech, nor do I
want him to repeat his speech in a question.
Mr. WELCH. I do not desire to repeat my
speech ; but I will ask, as there are probably
seven hundred thousand voters who are colored
in the southern States, and there are probably
to be found in this Union sevea hundred thou-
sand white men who are voters and who are
in no way superior in intellectual and moral
qualifications, wherein have those white men
a better right or better qualifications to vote
than the black men? Is it their color? If so,
what quality is there in color that constitutes a
qualification for voting? !
Mr. HENDRICKS. Why does the Senator
ask me that question? I am not talking about
color. I am speaking of a race. I am speak'
ing of a race whose history for two thousand
years has shown that it cannot elevate itself.
I am speaking of a race which in its own
country is now enshrouded by the darkness of
heathenism, the darkest heathenism that covers
any land on earth. While the white man for
two thousand years past has been going upward
and onward, the negro race wherever found
dependent upon himself has been going down-
ward or standing still. Look at Africa and
Europe, and I need make no argument on the
subject—Europe with the advancement that she
has made, with her advancement in the arts and
sciences, in learning, in the development of
wealth, in the comforts of the people,-as com-
pared with the condition of affairs in Africa.
What has this race ever produced? What
invention has it ever produced of advantage to,
the world? You need not say it is because of
slavery, for we all know it is not. This race
has not been carried down into barbarism by
slavery. The influence of slavery upon this
race—I will not say it is the influence of sla-
very—but the influence of the contact of this
race with the white race has been to give it all
the elevation it possesses, and independent and
outside of that influence it has not become
elevated anywhere in its whole history. Can
you tell me of any useful invention by the race,
one single invention of greater importance to
the world than the club with which the warrior
beats to death his neighbor? Not one. lam
speaking of them in the land that is suited for
their physical, moral, and intellectual develop-
ment, their own land, and I am speaking of
the pure African race. I am not speaking of
the mixed races that border upon the Mediter-
ranean. I am speaking of the negro race with
its peculiarities known to us so well.
There are some Senators here who do not
want the Chinese to vote. The Senators from
Oregon and California, I think, are all opposed
to the Chinese voting; and I think the Sen-
ator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart} is ; and why?
I believe theysaid they were pagans; but they
are not such pagans as wc find in Africa.
China is the original home of a civilization
that the world honors to this day. Why, sir,
in China they had many of the rare and useful
inventions long before they were known in
Europe. It is said that gunpowderwas known
in China before it was in Europe.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And printing.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes ; it is said that
printing in a rude form was known there; and
the compass was in use there ; and one of their
great writers is as immortal as the classics of
Athens, with a morality that comes nearer the
morality of Jesus Christ than that of any an-
cient writer. But these Chinese, who are capa-
ble of a very high civilization, who have sus-
tained their own civilization, to some extent
at least, if they come to our country are not
to be voters. They are in the way, I suppose,
of the State of Nevada and of party hopes in
California ; I do not know why. Are they not
prepared to give as intelligent a vote as the
negro ? Do they not understand our form of
government as well as the negro ? Are they
not likely to become as well informed?
But the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Fre-
LiNCHUYsra] puts their exclusion upon the
ground of their religion, that they are pagans.
Is it the business of this Government to pre-
scribe what God or in what form men shall wor-
ship? He says that we are a Christian people.
Not altogether, sir. We have no such test as
that. It is not a test that obtains in any of the
States now that a man shall be a Christian in
order to be a voter. In the Senator's own State
the Jew, a man who is not a Christian, is a voter.
