38
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
lan, (chairman,) Sumner, Patterson of New
Hampshire, lliee, Harris, Patterson of Ten-
nessee, and Vickers.
On Patents—Messrs. Willey, (chairman,)
Thayer, Ferry, Osborn, and Norton.
On Public Buildings and Grounds—Messrs.
Fessenden, (chairman,) Trumbull, Ferry, Da-
vis, and Wliyte.
On Territories.—Messrs. Yates, (chairnjan,)
Nye, Cragin, Fowler, McDonald, McCreery,
and Norton.
On, ike Pacific Railroad—Messrs. Howard,
(chairman.) Sherman, Morgan, Conness, Ram-
sey, Stewart, Wilson, Harlan, and Drake.
On Mines and Mining—-Messrs. Conness,
(chairman,) Chandler, Anthony, Yates, Boss,
Saulsbury, and Whyte.
On the Revision of the Laws of the United
Stales—Messrs. Oonkiing, (chairman,) Sum-
ner, Colo, Pool, and Bayard.
To Audit and Control the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate—Messrs. Cragin, (chair-
man,) Morrill of Vermont, and Buckalew.
On Printing—Messrs. Anthony, (chairman,)
Harris, and Whyte.
On the Library—Messrs. Morgan, (chair-
man,) Howe, and Fessenden.
On Enrolled Bills—Messrs. lioss, (chair-
man,) Patterson of'New H .mpshire, and Dixon.
On Engrossed Bills—-Messrs. Fowler, (chair-
man,) Sumner, and Norton.
Select Comm-iticeon Railroad* in,the Stales—
Messrs. Sherman, (chairman,) Chandler, Sum-
ner, Buckalew, Ramsey, Stevvait, and Vickers.
Select Committee to inquire whether Improper
or Corrupt Means have been used, or attempted
to he used, to Influence the Vrotes of the Members
of the Senate in the Trial of the Impeachment
of the 1'rexidenl— .Messrs. Buckalew, (chair-
man.) Morrill of Maine, Chandler, Stewart,
and Thayer.
Joint Committee on Retrenchment—Messrs.
Edmunds, (chairman.) Williams, Patterson of
New Hampshire, and Buckalew.
Joint Committee lo Revise and Fixthe Pay of
the Officers of Ike tiro Houses—Messrs. Fessen-
den, (chairman.) Sherman, and Buckalew.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to this list of nominations
as the standing committees of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RICE. I move that two members he
added to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road. I will state thatin the formation of that
committee the South was not represented, and
the number of which it is now composed is
necessary for (he other interests that were then
represented, and hence it could not be changed
so as to admit any representatives of the South.
In order to do that it will be essential to
increase the committee, and as there is no
Senator upon that commit tee whose constituents
are locally interested in the Southern- Pacific
mad, 1 move that there be an addition of two
members to that committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it would be better,
probably, to postpone the consideration of that
motion until to-morrow, until this list can be
printed, so that Senators may know how the
committee is now constituted, and then we can
consider in what manner, if at all, any addi-
tion shall he made. 1 hope, therefore, that ray
fiiend from Arkansas will permit his motion
to go over until to-morrow.
Mr. RICE. _ I have no objection to that. I
will submit, it in the form of a resolution.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
REFERENCE OF BILLS.
1 he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that several hills have been intro-
duced at the present session, and some other
business has been presented, that arc now on
the table awaiting the appointment of com-
mittees. Jf it is the pleasure of the Senate
all these matters can be referred.
Mr. TRUMBULL, f make that motion,
that they be referred to the proper committees.
Mr. SUMNER. There are one or two bills
that I have had the honor of presenting on
which I wish to make remarks, hot,'at length,
but still some brief remarks before the refer-
ence.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let those be passed over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Clerk
will read the titles of the bills, and they will be
referred to the appropriate committees if no
objection is made, or if there are any observa-
tions to be made upon them they can be made.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bills
by their titles. The first bill was the bill (S.
No. 649) to provide for the resumption of spe-
cie payments on the 4th of July, 1869.
Mr. SUMNER. Let that stay on the Cal-
endar for a few days. I wish at the proper
time to move its reference to the Committee
on Finance. I will make that motion some
time next week.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will lie on the tabic for the present.
^ The bill (S. No. 650) to enforce the several
provisions of the Constitution abolishing sla-
very, declaring the immunities of citizens, and
guarantying a republican form of government
by securing the elective franchise to citizens
deprived of it by reason of race, color, or pre-
vious condition, was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The bill (S. No. G51) to establish a uniform
rule of naturalization was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The next bill on the table was the bill (S.
No. 052) to provide for the issue of arms for
the use of the militia in certain States lately in
rebellion.
Mr. RICE. I ask that that bill lie on the
table, to he called up hereafter. It was acted
upon by the Committee on Military Affairs at
thu last session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie
over.
The bill (S. No. G")3) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to establish a uniform system of
naturalization,'' approved April It, 1802, and
to repeal all acts inconsistent theiewith, was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The hill (S. No. 651) to regulate proceedings
for the naturalization of aliens was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (S. No. 655) granting a pension to
Paulina Jones, of Greene county, Tennessee,
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
The bill (S. No. G56) to remove political
disabilities was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The bill (S. No. 657) to abolish the franking
privilege was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
The bill (S. No. 659) to relieve from legal
and political disabilities certain persons en-
gaged in the late rebellion was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (S. No. 660) to aid in the construc-
tion of the Oregon Branch Pacific railroad was
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
The bill (3. No. 661) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant Colonel John W. Davidson, of the
United States Army, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 179) propos-
ing an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States was referred to the Committee
Oil the Judiciary,
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 184) for the
removal of political disabilities was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The joint resolution (S. E. No. 185) for the
relief of William B. Whiting, a captain, form-
erly a commander in the Navy of the United
States on the reserved list, was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
RECONSTRUCTION IN GEORGIA.
The bill (S. No. 662) to carry out the recon-
struction acts in the State of Georgia was read
by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. That is a bill which I
introduced yesterday, and which will naturally
go to the Committee on the Judiciary; but
before it is referred I desire to call attention
to one of the existing reconstruction laws
which se<-ms to me to govern the case. By
the reconstruction act, bearing date July 19,
1867, it is provided that "all persons here-
after elected in said military districts under
any so-called State or municipal authority
shallbe required to take and subscribe the
oath of office prescribed by law for officers of
the United States." Now, in point of fact,
the existing Legislature of the State of Geor-
gia did not, as I understand, take that, pre-
scribed oath ; and 1 submit that, failing to
take that oath, the Legislature is not properly
organized. It becomes, therefore, it seems to
me, the duty of Congress to intervene and to
assume again, to a certain extent, for the pur-
poses of the occasion, jurisdiction in that
State ; and the bill which 1 have had the honor
of laying on the table of the Senate is with
that object. With this simple explanation, I
move its reference to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
SYMPATHY TO St>AI>\
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 178) tender-
ing sympathy and best wishes to the people of
Spain was read by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. If there be no objection I
ask the Senate to proceed with the considera-
tion of that resolution now.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. DRAKE. Let it go to a committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It had better be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SUMNER. If any Senator suggests that
it should go to the committee I shall make no
objection.
'Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it had better be
referred to a committee. We do not know
what the people of Spain are going to do yet.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution will be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
SUFFRAGE IN TOI3 UXITED STATES.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 180) pro-
posing an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States was read by its title.
Mr. POMBROY. I should like to have that
joint resolution lie on the table. I do not
want it to go so far that we cannot reach it.
If it gets to the Judiciary Committee we shall
never see it again. I move that it lie upon the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
GRADES IN ARMY AMD NAVY.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 181) in rela-
tion to the grades of General and Lieutenant
General in the Army and Admiral and Vice
Admiral in the Navy was read by its title.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 desire to remark, in con-
nection with that resolution at this time, that
the simple object of it is, that as those offices
were created as the rewards of great public
services, they shall be held hereafter as such
rewards through all the history of the Govern-
ment, and shall not be offices open to regular
promotion. I desire, too, to say that I can
have no personal views in this matter with
regard to any gentleman holding any one of
those places, or to hold them. It is known,
of course, to all that a vacancy will occur very
shortly in the office of General. I wish dis-
tinctly to state that in offering this resolution
I have no reference whatever to the individual
who would be, of course, expected to come
into that office by regular promotion. I have
the honor of enjoying the friendship of that
gentleman, and no one values him and his ser-
vices and his friendship more highly than I
do. But, sir, as in this Republic we have uo
rewards higher than high official position to
bestow for great public services, as we have no
dukedoms nor earldoms nor principalities to
bestow where men have rendered great ser-
vices to the country, I think it is desirable that
these offices should be kept as the rewards of
distinguished and'preeminent public service.
I make these remarks that the motives which
induced me to introduce the resolution may be
