990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
The Jew, who does not believe in the Saviour
that the Senator and I believe in, is a voter still.
You da not exclude him because he ia not a
Christian; you do not exclude the infidel, who
recognizes no God at all.
Mr. FBE^INGHUYSEST. May I ask the
Senator from Indiana whether he intends to
class the intelligent,'respectable Israelites of
this eonntry-who believe in one superintending
God, with the pagans and heathens of Asia,
for that is the argument?
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir; lam not mak-
ing any such argument as that. That was the
Senator's argument, and I was trying to com-
bat it. The Senator insisted that a man must
be a Christian to be a voter in this country.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. No.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Because we .were a
Christian people, he said.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. My insistment
was this; not that a man must be a Christian
to be a voter, but that it was not our duty to
extend the rights of naturalization and citizen-
ship to a pagan and heathenish class.
Mr. HENDRICKS, The Senator added,
"Because we are a Christian as well as a free
people." I think that was the Senator's ex-
pression. So that the argument was that none
but Christians ought to vote, and I was carry-
ing out the Senator's own argument. Sir, I
am in favor of men voting in this country who
belong to the white race, and conduct them-
selves properly.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to ask the
Senator if he is in favor of naturalizing Chi-
nese and pagans who acknowledge no alle-
giance to the Government ofthe United States?
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is a very remark-
able question. Of course I am in favor of
naturalizing uo such man as that; and any-
body who is naturalized under our law must
abjure all allegiance to any other Government,
and iu the most formal manner possible recog-
nize the authority of our Government. The
Senator is not in favor, I believe, of allowing
the Chinese to vote, while he is in favor of
allowing the negro to vote ; and I am speak-
ing of the position occupied by the Senators
from the Pacific coast upon this particular
question. It does not suti them to have the
Chinese vote, for some reason or other. I
guess it is not popular out there to have the
Chinese vote, and they are opposed to it. I
would not wish to force the Chinese vote upon
the people of the Pacific coast unless they
wanted it themselves ; andif I desired to amend
the Constitution so as to force the Chinaman
t.o vote in California, I would say, " Let the
people of California have a chance to express
their wish on that subjectand if they voted
it down I would not attempt to force it upon
them. They arc the best judges of the inter-
ests of their society and that which will con-
tribute to the strength and purity of their State
goveriiment. And the same is true in Indiana.
But Nevada, with her twenty-five thousand
people, has just as large a vote upon the adop-
tion of this constitutional amendment as Indi-
ana with her fifteen hundred thousand. But
Nevada does not want the Chinaman, and she
does want the colored man to vote. She has
no colored people, but she has Chinamen.
L hat is th« style of this controversy. It suits
certain purposes that the suffrage should be
extended to the negro; it does not suit for
other purposes that it should be extended to
other races.
Mr. STEWART. By what authority does
the Senator, say that Nevada has twenty-five
thousand people?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I supposed there were
that many in Nevada. [Laughter.] I did not
say that they were all firmly located. [Laugh-
ter, j It may be a changing population some-
what; still I think there are that many there.
ilr. I resident, I have said more upon this
subject than I intended to do, and I will not
occupy the attention of the Senate further.
• L 9 r President, we have
just heard from my distinguished colleague,
we heard it this evening from the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] and this afternoon
from the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Sauls-
bury,] the argument against this constitutional
amendment that the Ahican is an inferior race,
incapable of development, and a race that never
invented anything. Suppose we admit this
statement to be true ; suppose we confess this
argument in its length and breadth; I ask if it
is an argument against this amendment or in
its favor ?
It is^ admitted by all these Senators at the
same time that the negro is a kindly race; it is
not a savage race; and it is a Christian race in
this country, as much so as the white people ;
but they say that they are of inferior intellect-
ual power, not capable of the same develop-
ment and progress as the whites. Suppose we
grant all this; I ask if it is not a reason why
these men should have the ballot put into then-
hands by which they may protect and take care
of themselves ? The strong can protect, them-
seves; the weak require to be furnished with
the means of protection. In this country there
is no protection for political and civil rights
outside of the ballot. If men have a natural
right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-
ness, they have a natural right to the use of the
means by which life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness can be enjoyed. Sir, the argument
is against these Senators. If we admit the in-
feriority of this race, which I am not now pre-
pared to do, surelyitis a reason why we should
give to that raeethe ballot, by which it can pro-
tect itself from the powerful and from the
majority.
We are told, as an evidence of the inferiority
ofthe race, that they have never invented any-
thing. My colleague would seem to wish to
establish a new test or qualification of suffrage,
that no man shall be allowed to vote who has
not invented something. I wonder how many
inventors there are here in this body to-night.
_ Sir, all these illustrations that have been
given of the inferiority of this race are foreign
to the question; they are, in fact, begging the
question ; for admitting them all to be "true, the
argument comes with ever-increasing force that
we ought to give to this weaker, this interior
race, the means of self-protection.
* Now, sir, 1 wish to call the attention of the
Senate for one moment to the character of the
whole train of argument that has been offered
against this amendment. Take that of the
Senator from Kentucky, the Senator from
Delaware, and other Senators that I might
refer to. I say that the whole train of argu-
ment is based upon those broad doctrines and
those old theories upon which the right of
secession rested. We were not told by the
Senator from Kentucky and the Senator from
Delaware that they believed in the right of
secession, but they advocated the same theo-
ries, urged the same arguments, and cited the
same history upon which the right of secession
has been based for the last twenty years.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the honorable
Senator allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask whether the his-
torical references that I made were not true
references; and whether the facts m relation
to the formation of the Federal Constitution
are not evidenced by the records of the Con-
vention which framed it?
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I might
admit the Senator's references, but I should
deny his deductions. The Senator told us to-
day frankly that we were not one people. He
said in the Senate of the United States, after
the culmination of a war that cost this nation
six hundred thousand lives, that we were not
a nation. He gave us to understand that we
were as many separate nationalities as we.have
States; that one State is different from another
as one nation in Europe is different from
another. He denied expressly that we were a
nation. He gave us to understand that he be-
longed to the tribe of the Delawares, an in-
depeildentand sovereign tribe living on a reser-
vation up here near the city of Philadelphia,
[laughter,} bat he denied his American nation-
ality, The whole argument from first to last
has proceeded upon that idea, that this is a mere
confederacy of States; to use the language of
the Senator to-day, a partnership of States.
What is the deduction? If that is true there
was the right of secession ; the South was right
and wo were wrong. He did not draw that
deduction, but it is one that springs inevitably
from his premises.
Sir, the heresy of secession is not dead-; it
lives. It lives after this war, although it ought
to have been settled by the war. It exists even
as snow sometimes exists in the lap of summer
when it is concealed behind the cliffs and the
hedges and in the clefts of the rocks. It has
come forth during this debate. We have heard
the very premises, the very arguments, the very
historical references upon which the right of
secession was urged for thirty years. The
whole fallacy lies in denying our nationality.
I assert that we are one people and not thirty-
seven different peoples; that we are one nation,
and as such we have provided for ourselves a
national Constitution, and that Constitution
has provided the way by which it may be
amended.
Now, sir, what shall be the extent of that
amendment? Does the Constitution say how
far or to what extent you shall amend it? N.ot
a word of it; but it provides for its amendment,
and that amendment may be as radical and as
far going as any part ofthe original instrument.
Can that be denied? The States gave up, it is
said, the right to coin money, the right to make
war, the right to regulate commerce; and if
they gave up those powers they have a right to
give up, according to the mode prescribed by
the Constitution, the power to regulate suffrage.
It may be said that under this form of amend-
ment we would not have the right to change the
character of our Government from a Republic
to a monarchy. That is an extreme case. But.
sir, we are not changing the character of our
republican government. It is still the same iu
form, though modified, when we say that the
States shall be limited in their power to regu-
late the suffrage.
One word, sir, in regard to what has been
said about the sentiment of Republicans in ref-
erence to admitting colored men to the elective
franchise. There were doubts in the minds of
many of us about admitting six-hundred thou-
sand men, fresh from slavery, to the exercise o(
suffrage. There were many of us who doubted
the effect of that, and would have avoided it if
it. could have been done, and given these men
a short time to prepare themselves for the
exercise of that right. But, as circumstances
progressed, as history moved on, we could not
give them that time; we were compelled to try
the experiment immediately; and thus far it
has worked well. But, sir, the great body of
the men upon whom the right of suffrage is to
be conferred by this amendment are men who
have long been free, who live in the northern
States—not men just emerged from slavery, but
a comparatively educated class living through-
out the entire North. The argument that might
be made against enfranchising men just emerg-
ing from slavery cannot be made against the
colored men of Indiana, of New York, and of
the entire North.
Mr. President, much has been said to-day
and to-night in regard to the inconsistent posi
tion of the Republican party, and a clause has
been read from the Chicago platform in sup-
port of that charge. I think my colleague gave
that portion of the platform the right construc-
tion iu one respect. It did mean to say, and
was so understood, that so far as suffrage in
the loyal States, in the States that had not
been iii the rebellion, was concerned, it prop-
erly belonged to the people of those States—
not to the people of the loyal States in the
aggregate, but to the people of each loyal State.
And, sir, so it does in mv judgment under the
present Constitution. That clause was put into
the platform not with reference to an amend-
ment of the Constitution, not estopping the
party from amendingthe Constitution; but with
reference to an understanding throughout the
