1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
thus early understood. I move the reference
of the resolution, first, to the Committee on
Military Affairs. After it is reported upon by
them, if it should be, favorably, it will be
proper then to refer it to the Committee on
Naval Affairs. I move its reference now to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
CLAIMS OF LOYAL SOUTHERN CITIZENS.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 183) to ex-
tend the provisions of the act of July 4, 1864,
limiting thejurisdiction of the Court of Claims,
to the loyal citizens of the States of Louisiana
and Arkansas, was read by its title.
Mr. SPENCER. I move to amend that bill
by inserting after the word ''Louisiana," where
ever it occurs, the word "Alabama.''
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to my friend
from Alabama that that bill ought to go to a
committee, where any amendment of that kind,
and how far it shall extend, can be considered.
I move that it be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, where claims of that kind have
generally gone.
Mr. SPENCER. I will state for the inform-
ation of the gentleman that Alabama should
have been put in the bill originally, in pursu-
ance of an understanding between the Senator
from Louisiana and myself.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 have no objection to
the amendment being made if the bill can then
be referred, as 1 suppose it can be.
The PRESlDENTjpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG. There are one or two
other amendments that ought to be made, and
then 1 shall move the reference of the bill to
the appropriate committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Alabama.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Louisiana propose any amend-
ment to the bill?
Mr. KELLOGG. No, sir. I merely desire
to move its reference to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
fiiekdmkn's bureau.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 182) extend-
ing the operations of the Frsedmen's Bureau
for a limited period in certain States was read
by its title.
Mr. POMEROY. I move, as I had the
honor of introducing that resolution, which
refers only to a temporary continuance of the
bureau in Virginia, Texas, and Mississippi,
and to the continuation of the Government
hospitals, that it be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs ; and I hope they will make
an early report upon it.
The motion was agreed to.
l'APEt'.S WITHDRAWN AMD REFERRED.
Mr. DRAKE. When Senate bill No. 661
was called just now I forgot at the moment to
make a motion in connection with it. In 1860
that bill was before the Senate, and there are
papers in the Secretary's office that appertain
to it. I move that those papers be withdrawn
from the files and referred to the Committee on
Militaiy Affairs, along with the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the case?
Mr. DRAKE. The case of Lieutenant
Colonel John YV. Davidson.
The PRES!DENT_pro tempore. The papers
will be so referred if there be no objection.
IIOUSTS BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 1460) regulating the
duties on imported copper and copper ores was
referred to the Committee on Finance ; and the
bill (H. R, No. 1270) for the sale of the Hot
Springs reservation in Arkansas was referred
to the CommiLtee on Private Land Claims.
PKOPOSED TRANSFER OF INDIAN BUREAU.
The bill (H. R. No. 1482) to restore the
Bureau of Indian Affairs to the Department of
War was read by its title.
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WILSON. I move its xeference
Committee on Military Affairs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first,
motion is that it be referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and the question is on that
motion.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes twenty-four.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILSON. T merely suggest that this
subject has been before the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, and that committee have reported
several times in favor of this change. It has
been reeommended by the generals of the
Army before, and by the War Department.
This bill comes from the Committee on Military
Affairs in the House of Representatives ; it was
reported by that committee, and it seems to
me that it should go to the same committee in
the Senate. 1 am not strenuous about it, but
1 think that is the proper place for it.
Mr. PERRY. I voted against the motion
to refer to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
because I believe that if that motion were to
prevail it would be fatal to this bill. Favoring
the bill, I should prefer its reference to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. TIPTON. I voted to refer this hill to
the Committee on Indian Affairs from the fact
that my constituents arc very deeply interested
in this question of Indian affairs; and if a revo-
lution entire is to be made in regard to con-
trolling the Indian affairs of the country I cer-
tainly think that the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, which has been so long charged with this
question, is entitled to look into the matter at
the last hour of the action of Congress upon
the subject. I hope, therefore, that the refer-
ence will bo made to the Committee on Indian
Affairs. That will not preclude a future refer-
ence of the matter to the Military Committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is a subject
relating to Indian affairs. You have a com-
mittee on that subject. It would therefore, I
submit, seem proper that the Committee ou
Indian Affairs should have coguizanee of this
question and examine it.
The suggestion of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] does not
strike mo as very forcible. He says this meas-
ure has been recommended by the generals.
I do not suppose that the Senate of the United
States is yet quite prepared to legislate in ad-
vance upon the recommendation of the gen-
erals of the Army. I still suppose that it is
competent and that it is proper for the Senate
of the United States, notwithstanding the
recommendation of the generals, to examine
subjects that are submitted t.o the Senate by
the proper committees; and I would say to the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts that
the generals have recommended both ways on
this subject. The legislation might be a little
inconvenient if it were to go in that way.
Manifestly, Mr. President, this is an important
subject, and most manifestly, I submit, it be-
longs to the Committee on Indian Affairs ; and
I do not suppose that either the recommend-
ation of the generals or the fact that by some
reason or other the bill was reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs of the House
of Representatives will control the action of
the Senate. I hope, therefore, that the Senate
will at least have that ordinary confidence in
the committee to whom this subject properly
belongs to submit it to them and hear their
judgment.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, if the reason
assigned by the Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Furry] is to govern legislation here we may as
well abolish all committees at once. I am sur-
prised to hear that a bill is not to go to its
proper committee because a member may sup-
pose that that committee may report against it
or undertake to kill it. That, it seems to me,
is prejudging the question. It is the rule of
this body that bills shall be referred to the
appropriate committees. Every bill in rela-
tion to Indian affairs has hitherto gone to tha
Indian Committee. Why is it to be changed
now? Is there a disposition to rush this bill
right through? If there is, I respectfully pro-
test against it. I do not say, I am notprepured
to say, how I may vote upon, it. I have the
honor to be on both committees, the Indian
Committee and the Military Committee; and
so I can have jny say on the subject, no matter
to which committee it goes. But I do.object
to taking a certain course of action in order to
insure the passage of this bill when that action
is irregular, or, at least, not in accordance with
the usages of this body. I agree with my hon-
orable friend from Maine that wo are not to
act in regard to this reference because a gen-
eral of the Army or several of them have made
recommendations on this question. 1 have the
documents in my possession to show that the
lieutenant general has opposed the,transfer of
this Indian Bureau to the War Department.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think myself that the
Committee on Indian Affairs, under the rules,
is the proper committee to which this bill
should be referred ; but I would have voted to
refer it to the Committee on Military Affairs
for a very good reason. A similar bill has
been introduced for two or three years and
has been referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and it has never been reported by that
committee, fur or against. Tliis is a subject
that is entitled to a great deal of attention,
upon which we have the rislit to have the
report of the committee to whom the measure
is referred. If I can have an assurance from
members of the Committee on Indian Affairs
that they will report on the subject, either for
the transfer or against it, I shall vote to make
the ordinary reference ; but it is a remarkable
fact that at the last session of Congress this
subject, which excited a good deal of comment
and conversation, was refeircd to that com-
mittee and was not leporied upon. One of
the members of that oo mm it tee, who has already
spoken, says they will report upon it, for or
against it. 1 think it ought to be referred to
that committee, because it relates to Indian
affairs, although my opinions concur entirely
with the report already made by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs. The mere fact that
the question of the military service is involved
in it is not sufficient to induce its reference to
the Committee ou Military Affairs, because
that reason would carry to that committee all
the military appropriations and a multitude
of other subjects that properly go to other
committees.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I do not
think that this is the proper time to express
any opinions as to whether this bill ought to
pass or ought not to pass. Nor is it. material
to inquire whether tho generals of the Army
have recommended it or disagreed in regard
to the piopriety of the passage of the bill. I
shall vote upon this question, as upon all others
of a similar character, according to what I
believe to lie the propriety of the reference.
This is a bill relating to Indian affairs, con-
templating a fundamental change in the admin-
istration of the Indian affairs of the country—
a very important matter. We have u commit-
tee organized for the very purpose of taking
charge of such matters; and because a bill has
passed the House of Representatives, or is
introduced here, proposing to transfer the con-
trol of Indian affairs to the Navy, or to the
Army, or to the courts of the country, if you
please, I do not suppose that it should go to a
different committee than that which is organ-
ized for the purpose of taking charge of all
matters relating to Indian transactions. I
should regard it as a reflection upon tlie Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, which I am not will-
ing to make, to say that the bill will be smoth-
ered and not reported. There may have been
reasons why the committee did not report on
this measure at previous sessions. I was not
aware of the fact that they had not done so.
1 recollect, very well that we have had the
matter in the Senate, We have had it uis-
