1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
991
country that Congress might attempt to regu-
late the subject of suffrage in the States. It
was with reference to congressional regulation
that that clause was put, in the platform, but-it
was not declared directly or by implication
that we should not amend the Constitution so
as to limit the States in the exercise of that
power.
Mr. President, the Republican party has its
errors; it has committed its faults; and yet
but for that party this Capitol would now be
the Capitol of a hostile slaveholding confed-
eracy. But for the Republican party my dis-
tinguished colleague.would not be a member
of this body, not that the Republican party
elected him to this body, but that the Repub-
lican party has preserved the Government to
which he was elected a Senator. Sir, the Re-
publican party has saved this nation, and with
all its errors, with all its inconsistencies, if it
has them, it still deserves the gratitude of the
nation as no other party ever did.
One word in regard to the so-called Demo-
cratic party. The Democratic party for more
than twenty years has lived upon the negro
question. It has been its daily food, and if
the negro question shall now be withdrawn
from politics the Democracy, as a party, will
literally starve to death. We need not, there-
fore, be surprised to find them resisting this
constitutional amendment which will forever
withdraw the subject from politics, and will
strike down that prejudice to which the Demo-
cratic party has appealed for years. TheDem-
ocratic party has not for years appealed to the
reason of the people, but it has appealed to
their prejudices upon the subject of race. It
has sought, and, to some extent obtained,
power upon that subject. It is still following
the fortunes of slavery after slavery is dead.
It cherished slavery while it lived, and now
that slavery is dead it has taken to its embrace
its odious and putrescent corpse. The Demo-
cratic party is now performing the office of
Old Mortality by trying to revive inscriptions
upon the moldering and dishonored tomb of
slavery.
Mr. President, can you tell me what act the
Democratic party has performed for twenty
years that has been for the good of this coun-
try, and that can be pointed to now as cred-
itable, that can be pointed to with pride and
exultation? I ask for a single measure of
policy in the last twenty years. In 1854 it
repealed the Missouri compromise. That was
a breach of national faith—the greatest legisla-
tive crime in history—that rocked this nation to
its foundation, and was the beginning of the war.
In 1856 it elected James Buchanan President
of the United States. That was a necessary and
inevitable link iu the chain of the rebellion. It
was in his Cabinet that the plot of the rebellion
was hatched ; and it was James Buchanan, in
his annual message in December, 1860, when
the rebellion was just developing, who gave it
assurance of safe conduct, by proclaiming to
the world that the Government had no power
to coerce a State to remain in the Union. The
Democratic party in 1857 cajoled the Supreme
Court into the Dred Scott decision, a decision
that shocked the moral and judicial sense of
mankind. From that time until 1860 it con-
tinually stimulated alternately the hatred and
the fears of the southern people. They were
constantly assured that if the Republican party
came into power, it would take away the lib-
erties and the constitutional rights of the South.
Everything was done to make the people of the
South distrustand hate the people of the North.
After the election in I8G0, I ask if the people
of the South were not encouraged to go for-
ward in the work of rebellion, by being con-
stantly assured that the Democracy of the North
would hold the Government still while the
work of secession was consummated? .After
the war began did it not eppose every meas-
ure that looked to the suppression of the
rebellion? Did it not oppose the raising of
armies? Did it not oppose the borrowing of
money to carry on the war ? Did it not oppose
conscription? And when it became apparent,
in 1862, that we could not pnt down the rebel-
lion without first putting down slavery, I ask
if the whole power of the Pemocratic party,
in Congress and out of Conguess, was not
exerted for the purpose of preserving the life
of slavery? Undoubtedly it was; and when,
at the close of 1802, it became apparent to all
the people of the South that they could not
succeed in their rebellion, were they not en-
couraged by the Democratic party to perse-
vere, by the assurance that a revolution in
public opinion was going on in the North that
would place the Democratic party in power,
who would end the war, and concede to them
their independence?
^ Mr. President, the Republican party put
I down the rebellion in spite of the Democratic
j party ; it destroyed slavery in spite of the
j Democratic party ; it preserved the Union in
spite of the Democratic party. After the war
was over, and when the great work of recon-
struction came before the American people, a
mighty work, that we knew not how or where to
begin, was not the influence of the Democratic
party exerted to prevent it and to continue the
chaos and the desolation that existed in the
South? But, sir, we went forward. That work
of reconstruction is now almostcompleted. We
expect soon to bring it to a successful conclu-
sion. We went forward, and in defiance of the
Democratic party we amended the Constitu-
tion ; we declared that all persons born in the
United States were citizens of theUnited States;
we declared that wherever a race or class of
men were disfranchised they should not be
counted in the basis of representation; we
declared that perjured rebels should not be
eligible to office; we declared that the national
debt should not be repudiated and the rebel
debt should not be assumed. All this we did
in defiance of the Democratic party. And now,
sir, in defiance of that party we are about to
plant in the Constitution the great principle of
impartial suffrage.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Mortox,] with his
usual force and ability, has given us on this
occasion his view of the pending question, and
his view of the history of the past. In some
of that I agree with him; in some of it, I dis-
agree with him altogether. The Senator from
Indiana seems to think that no statesman can
bear in mind two ideas at the same time ; that
there can be no such thing as State rights
maintained by anybody under the Constitution
unless that person is a secessionist; and that,
on the other hand, no man can maintain that
there is any such thing as rights in the Federal
Government under the Constitution without
being in favor of an absolute concentrated
Government at Washington. Sir, these two
ideas must go together in our system of gov-
ernment, and the time is coming when they
must be discussed, when the rights of the States
under the Constitution must be acknowledged.
It is just as much a war on the Constitution to
deny the States the rights which belong to them
as it is a war on the Constitution to maintain
the doctrine of secession.
Mr. MORTON. I have never denied the
doctrine of State rights—never.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
then admits that the States have rights under
the Constitution?
Mr. MORTON. I have always denied State
sovereignty ; and I do now. I deny the doc-
trine that the States are separate and independ-
ent nations. We are one people. But, sir,
the States have certain rights, rights that are
guarantied to them by the Constitution of the
United States, just as we have rights secured
to us both by the Federal and State Constitu-
tions. We have State rights, but have no State
sovereignty, and never had.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the hon-
orable Senator says there is no State sover-
eignty. I contend that by every decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States, by
every declaration made by every writer upon
our system of government in the beginning,
whether a Federalist or Republican, it was
always maintained that the States had an at-
tribute of sovereignty, not. absolute, but tinder
the Constitution, because under the Constitu-
tion they have parted with their absolute sov-
ereignty; nor has the United States Govern-
ment any sovereignty under the Constitution
which is absolute. All the power which the
United States Goverment has under the Con-
stitution is limited. Sovereignty is limited .by
the Constitution. State sovereignty is limited
by the Constitution ; the United States sov-
ereignty is limited by the Constitution; and
the great difficulty of our times is that men
cannot think or will not think that the two sov-
ereignties exist at the same time under our
Government, the one limited by the other.
Why, Mr. President, from earliest childhood
every man iu this body has been taught that
we live in the solar system where the planets
that revolve around the sun are controlled by
two forces; one a force tending toward the
center by the force of gravitation, the centrip-
etal force; and the other is the centrifugal
force, by which they are driven in their orbits
around the center. Mr. President, if either one
of these forces were taken away it would abso-
lutely destroy the system. In our solar sys-
tem, if the centrifugal force are taken away
and nothing but the centripetal force left to
act, every planet would be drawn to the center
| to the sun. On the other hand, if the centrip-
i etal force were destroyed in our solar system,
1 and no force permitted to operate but the cen-
| trifugal force, all the planets would be driven
| in a tangent away from our system into illimit-
i able space. Sir, it is the operation of these
two forces, the one which tends to the center,
the other which tends to the circumference,
which keeps these planets moving in their
orbits, which maintains our system, which
keeps it from destruction ; and the destruction
of either of these forces is the destruction of
I the solar system.
Now, sir, come to our system of govern-
! ment,; these two forces are planted in it of ne-
cessity. These two ideas have been here from
the beginning. There ha,ve been men who
represented the one and represented the
other from the beginning. There have been
men who have contended always for the abso-
lute sovereignty of this central Government,
and other men who have contended always for
the absolute sovereignty of the States; and
both of them have contended for a falsehood
from the beginning. There is no absolute
sovereignty in this Government; nor is there
any absolute sovereignty in the States ; but
under the operation of our system devised by
our fathers, wise as if it had been inspired
from on high and as if they had wisdom almost
like Him who created the solar system under
which we live, these two grand ideas, two
great forces in government, were put in oper-
ation at one and the same time, each limiting
the other, each operating upon the other, both
working together, and working out that har-
monious system in which alone we live and
move and have our being ; and that man or
statesman, call himself what he may, whether
i a fire-eating secessionist of the South who
comes into this body or elsewhere and main-
tains the absolute sovereignty of the _ State,
with its right to withdraw trom the Union, to
retire from the system, to overturn the Gov-
ernment ; or that other statesman, Republican
though he may call himself, who comes into
this body or elsewhere and maintains that this
Government only has absolute sovereignty,
and that it has the power to seize to itself ali
the powers of the Government—whichever one
of these men undertakes to do this is making
war on the Government and war on the system
under which we live.
Mr. President, it is in these two ideas, lim-
ited by each other, controlled by each other,
that we alone can maintain our system of gov-
ernment. W e must maintain the rights of the
States under the Constitution. We mast love
to maintain the rights of the States. We must
maintain the rights of the Federal Gowrnment.
And, while we put down rebellion, put down
