1869.
THE OOKGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mz
that, let any number ofStates ratify this amend-
ment, it would have no binding force upon the
other States, but only upon those States that
ratify it. That is the extent to which their
doctrine goes, and it is, in effect, just the doc-
trine that George H. Pendleton laid down in
1864 with regard to the amendment on the sub-
ject of slavery, and it is a corollary from the
other doctrines announced upon the floor of
the Senate in regard to the thirteenth and four-
teenth amendments of the Constitution, openly
declared here by Democratic Senators to be
utterly null and void, and no amendments to
the Constitution whatever.
Now, sir, the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana [Mr. Hendricks] seemed to be concerned
this evening as to the limit of the power of
amendment of the Constitution, without draw-
ing a distinction between that which is an
amendment of the Constitution and that which
is a revolution to overthrow it. I have simply
to say that so far as amendment is concerned
there is 110 limit. You cannot find a word in
the Constitution which makes a limit upon the
right of the people to amend it, except in that
article which declared that " no amendment
which may be made prior to 1808 shall in any
manner affect the first and fourth clauses of
the ninth section of the first article."
Mr. EDMUNDS. And the equal repre-
sentation of States in the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir ; excuse me. The
language does not apply there at all, as I have
'had occasion to show here before. But there
was the only limitation on the power of amend-
ment contained in the Constitution, and it was
alimitation in favor of the importation of slaves
from the coast of Africa to this continent.
Mr. BUOKALEW. May I ask the Senator
whether by an amendment submitted by Con-
gress yon could take away the senatorial rep-
resentation of any State?
Mr. DRAKE. Not without its consent.
The Constitution expressly forbids it. It does
not say that you shall not take it away by an
amendment, but simply sets out the broad,
distinct proposition that "no State shall with-
out its consent be deprived of its equal suffrage
in the Senate." Now, sir, the only shackle
that the people of the United States put upon
the power of amendment was that which was
to go to perpetuate slavery ia this country and
to keep up the African slave-trade; and so
now, after the lapse of eighty years, comes up
the response from the same spirit, that there
is no power in the Constitution to make an
amendment which shall give the right of suf-
frage to that long enslaved race. The spirit
in the two cases is the same, that which would
have consigned them to eternal slavery and
that which would now prevent their being lifted
into the condition of enfranchised citizens.
Mr. President, gentlemen here talk about
the rights of the States. What right has any
State in this Union but that which it gets from
the Constitution ? Go over it, examine it from
the beginning to the end, examine it in the
light of history, examine it with the severest
logic. I say to these gentlemen who talk so
about the rights of States, that there is not a
State in this Union that has one single right
but that which it derives from the Constitution.
Every single right that the States may have
had before, they threw into the great mass
which went to make up the powers of this
Union, and just so much as the nation saw fit
to give them they have, and not an atom more.
And when you talk about the rights of States,
it matters not what the extent of them is, how
great or how little, certain it is that in that
instrument they all lie and are all there granted
or conceded; and there is not one right except
that of equal senatorial representation which
cannot be taken away from any State by a
constitutional amendment passed by two thirds
of Congress and ratified by three fourths of the
States.
But, Mr. President, I do not propose to con-
tinue this discussion. The few minutes that I
have now occupied are sufficient to express
what I desired to express except one other
40th Gong. 3d Sess.—No. 63.
thing drawn out by the remarks of the honor-
ble Senator from Wisconsin ; and that is upon
the assumed right of the Supreme Court of the
United States to declare an act of Congress
unconstitutional and void. I take leave to say
to that gentleman that whenever the proper
time comes I shall take the position here, and
maintain it, too, that there does not abide in
that court one particle of right to make any
such declaration with regard to any act of
Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not even involving civil
rights ?
Mr. DRAKE. Not involving any right. The
people of the United States did not establish a
Government of three departments which were
to cross each other's track it that way and
destroy each other. The law of parallelism
was laid down to all three of them. They were
to run in parallel lines, never to cross each
other; but I am not going into that discussion
now. I wish to meet right here at the thresh-
old the first declaration that I have heard yet
made by a Senator on this floor recognizing
the right of the Supreme Court to declare any
act of Congress unconstitutional, with a com-
plete denial of that right, and with a challenge
to any man to find that right granted in the
Constitution to that tribunal.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator from
Missouri allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Suppose that between
two citizens there is a controversy in regard to
property ; the claim of the one citizen is based
upon a provision of the Constitution of the
United States, and the claim of another citizen
is based upon a law of Congress. The two are
inconsistent. If the law be sustained the one
man gains his case ; if the Constitution, on the
other hand, be sustained, the other man carries
the case, and that cause comes to the Supreme
Court of the United States. Which shall gov-
ern, the provision of the Constitution or the
law? Which party ought to gain the case?
Mr. DRAKE. In the first place, in answer
to the honorable Senator I will say that he
supposes an impossible case. The honorable
Senator cannot lind in the Statutes-at-Large of
the United States one single act of this Con-
gress which in its plain and palpable terms
enacted a thing which was in violation of the
Constitution.
"Mr. HENDRICKS. That is not the ques-
tion.
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, it is, sir ; because un-
less you do find that in a law which is in plain
and palpable violation of the Constitution the
matter of whether it is a violation of the Con-
stitution is a matter of construction and deduc-
tion, and the moment you come to the ques-
tion of construction and deduction, then I say
that a judgment has been entered in the Halls
of the Congress of the nation higher than any
judgment which any court of the United Slates
or of any State can render.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Do I understand the
honorable Senator to say that the opinion of
Congress is supreme on all these constitutional
questions?
Mr. DRAKE. I mean to say, and in due
time whenever-the opportunity offers I will say
it at length and make it good, that there never
is passed an act by the two Houses of the Con-
gress of the United States—and it is a position
I took here in the first prepared speech I de-
livered in this Chamber, in December, 1807—
that there never is an act passed by the two
Houses of Congress that they do not by the act
of passing it enter in the records and archives
of the nation a solemn judgment that that act
is in accordance with the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose it is not in point
of fact?
Mr. DRAKE. Suppose it is not in point of
fact, who is to decide it? Not the courts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Who then ?
Mr. DRAKE. The people, sir, are to de-
cide it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Revolution!
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir. Thejadicialpqwer
does not contain political power, and no power
exists to unmake a law by declaring it invalid
but the power that made it. These points I
touch upon merely. When the proper Occa-
sion arises I shall draw the points out in their
fullness, and then we shall see hdw the matter
stands.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri simply to say that
Congress can do no wrong.
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir. The Senator from
Missouri does not say any such thing. But
the Senator from Missouri does say that a body
containing some three hundred men, many of
them the picked men of the nation, illustrious
many of them, far better lawyer*, many of
them, than are on the bench of your Supreme
Court, are quite as competent to judge in a
matter of construction and deduction of con-
stitutionality as four or five gentlemen sitting
in another room in this Capitol who were never
set to be guardians over the judgment of Con-
gress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. DRAKE. Does my friend from Ver-
mont ask it with a view to information, or does
he ask it with a view to prolong this debate ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should say, Mr. Presi-
dent, both because I wish information and I
am very glad to have my friend go 011. I wish
to put an inquiry to my friend, with a view to
get his idea in all sincerity. Suppose Congress
should pass a law which should declare that
the Supreme Court of the United States and
the circuit and district courts of the United
States should have no jurisdiction of contro-
versies arising between citizens of different
States, and, in spite of that law, a citizen of
the State of Missouri should sue a citizen of
the State of Vermont in the circuit court of
the United States for the district of Vermont,
"would my friend maintain that it would be the
duty of the judge presiding in that circuit to
dismiss that, suit in spite of the Constitution ?
Mr. DRAKE. That is the same description
of question put to me by the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very good. Answer mine.
Mr. DRAKE. It is supposing an impossi-
bility. I will not answer a question of that
kind, Mr. President, for the simple reason that
it supposes that which is impossible.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will suppose a case
which the honorable Senator, I think, will not
say is an impossibility. I will suppose a case
that arose from the State of Missouri, of the
priest who refused to take the oath prescribed
by the Missouri constitution. He brought his
ease to the Supreme Court, who decided that
oath was a nullity ; that you could not admin-
ister to a minister of the Gospel an oath as
long as your arm containing some eighty dif-
ferent questions which must be sworn to by
him before he could be entitled to preach the
Gospel. I wish to ask the honorable Senator
whether in his opinion the decision of the
Supreme Court on that subject is or is not
binding?
Mr. DRAKE. Well, sir, I must confess that
I admire the wonderful facility that the honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin has in changing
the point of a question. I am talking about
the right of the Supreme Court of the United
States to declare an act of Congress unconsti-
tutional, and now he comes here with a ques-
tion about the power of the Supreme Court to
declare a provision in a State constitution
unconstitutional. What has that to do with it?
Mr. WHYTE. Will the Senator from Mis-
souri, allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly.
Mr. WHYTE. Congress passed an act
known as the legal-tender act some years ago,
the constitutionality ®f which is now pending
before the Supreme Court of the United States.
May I ask the Senator whether the decision of
the Supreme Court in that ease ought to be
respected if it should decide that law to be
unconstitutional ?
