1868.
THE CONGjRESSIOtfAL GLOBE,
41
three or four millions which are now expended
to support the Indians will be swelled'into ten
millions by such a transfer. If you detail Army
officers to take charge of Indiat) reservations'
you will be obliged to increase the' Army,
Then they must have a police force; they must
have a company established at each reserva-'
tion; and there will be constant trouble between
the Indians settled oft those reservations, where;,
they are pow .being placed, and- the soldiers.
They will be'come demoralized by association
with the soldiers. Such will be the, effect of-
this transfer. I think it very important in this'
matter that we should have one Department to
watch the other; and if the civil department,
needs the military to keep the Indians in' sub-
jection it Mil be time enough then for them
to call for them. Bat, sir, as it has been sug-
gested that perhaps this is not the proper time
to express views on this subject, I desire only
to say that if this bill shall be referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs it will receive
proper consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is before the Senate, being
the reading of the President's message.
Mr. CONNESS. Let this question of refer-
ence be first disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
bo no objection, the question will be pnt on
this motion.
Mr. DAVIS. I voted on the standing vote
in favor of referring this subject to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs; but I feel constrained,
from the facts stated by the Senator from Ohio,
to change my position. It seems that, this bill
has gone for two successive sessions to that
committee, and that there has been no report'
from that committee upon it. I think that is
a neglect of an important subject that ought to
be sufficient reason for the reference of the
bill now to the Committee on Military Affairs,
or some other committee that will consider the
subject and will report upon it to the Sen-
ate. I have been all along in favor of the
management of Indian affairs being retained
by the Interior Department, but 1 have begun
so seriously to doubt the expediency and pro-
priety of such a continuance that I am strongly
inclined now to vote to transfer the whole sub-
ject to the War Department. I merely want it
under the supervision of the Department where
it ought to be, and which will best attend to
the interests of the Indians and of the country.
For the present I think the reference should
be made, not to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, who have twice failed to report on
the subject, but to the Committee on Military
Affairs, or some other committee.
Mr. THAYER. I rise to say that I have
asked for the reference of this bill to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs because I am unwill-
ing that any reflections shall be cast upon that
committee in this way. If there is this com-
plaint, against that committee it lies against
almost every standing committee of this body.
I can say to my friend from Kansas, the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands, that
I had a bill referred to his committee a year
ago, and I have never heard from it since.
Now, Mr. President, if any Senator felt a
special interest in having the bill which has
been referred to reported back ; if he deemed
that the Indian Committee, did not do its duty,
it was proper for him to call the attention of.
the Senate to it, to offer a resolution instruct-
ing or requesting that committee to report. I
say for one, and I say to my friend from New
York, [Mr. Ooxkung,] that I do not propose
to give any promise, so far as lam concerned,
that our action shall be prompt. I do not pro-
pose that the committee shall be put upon its
good behavior; but I say, as I before said, I
have no disposition to kill the bill by keeping
it back, by smothering it in committeeand I
have none. I am ready for action in this body
upon it; and I have no doubt the committee
will act on it with that promptness which
should bo observed in all cases. But I do not
propose, as far as I am concerned, to give a
plodgs as an inducement to the. Senate to refe^
it to that committee. I ask that the same
course be' observed toward that, comrnittee as
toward other committees.
•' Now, I desire to call the attention of the
Senate to the feet, tl^at the Senate' has had a
vote' on a bill of this character, proposing to
transfer the' Indian" Bureau to the War De-
p&'rttaent/'andlt'has'beerivoted.dpwn. There-
fore the Indian Committee are not to be
charged with having neglected their duty, be-
cause the Senate have had the question in all:
its'bearings before them, and have vo'ted on
it,'.and voted adversely.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to move an in-
struction, in order to get the sense of the Sen-
ate on the question of the proposed transfer.
It has been discussed often in the Senate. I
have discussed it myself so frequently^ that I
am almost ashamed to refer to it again. It
must be manifest to every one that two De-
partments, hostile to each other, cannot oper-
ate in the Indian country without detriment
to the service. That I have seen for the last
fifteen or twenty years. There has beenacon-
stant strife, and it has been transferred to the
Senate. It is quite important to get one or
the other Department out of that country, so
that we can have unity of action, so that, some-
thing may be done with the Indians and some-
body be responsible. All over that country
there is a jealousy between the two Depart-
ments operating in the same country, each lay-
ing all the blame on the other, and it is diffi-
cult to investigate and ascertain where itreally
is. It seems to me that we had better take
the sense of the Senate at once on the subject.
I therefore move that the bill be referred, with
instructions to the committee to report in favor
of the transfer of thoIndianJBureau to the War;
Department.
Mr. ANTHONY. If this vote can betaken
without any further debate^ I have no objec-
tion ; but otherwise, if this debate is going on
by general consent, I call for the order of the
day.
Several Senators. Let us have a vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. First, the
Senator from Nebraska [Mr. Thayer] moves
to refer this bill to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and on that question the yeas and
nays have been ordered. The Senator from
California [Mr. Conness] moves that that
motion be amended so as to refer the bill to
the Committee on Indian Affairs and the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs jointly, as a special
committee.
Mr. CONNESS. With a view of getting a
direct vote without any further debate, I with-
draw my motion.
The PRESIDENT^ tempore. That motion
being withdrawn, the question recurs upon
referring the bill to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. STEWART. I desire my motion to be
put, that the committee be instructed to report
in favor of the transfer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on that amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask if the motion of
the Senator from Nevada can he separated
from the proposition to refer?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Of course
it can be divided.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I ask that it be
done. I suppose the first vote will he on the
reference, and then the question will be on the
instructions. I desire, while 1 am up, to say that
I shall vote to refer this bill to the appropri-
ate committee. There is no question that the
Indian Committee is the appropriate commit-
tee for the consideration of this bill. I have
no doubt it will receive the attention at an
early day of that committee. Wc have the
assurances of enough of the honorable Sena-
tors who compose that committee to satisfy
any gentleman that it will receive that con-
sideration. . ,,,
I do not intend to discuss the merits of the
bill at this time; but in reply to the Senator
from Massachusetts,.who is chairman of the
Military. Committee, I will say that his reason
for the reference to his committee is n,ot in
favor of; that reference but in. favor of the
othei;. We have had the b.enefit.qf the investi-
gation of that-committee* and, knowing fbat
he i? at the lieaft of it, - that investigation, has.
been exhausted, and. the Senate- gan get no
more information from that commitiee. ■ It is
batter to have a, report fronjutHe other: com-
mittee ncw,.and compare tjie two. •
JJr. president, I do not concur'in, the prop-
osition that this is a. transfer of ttje Indian
service, to a more economical or a more honest,
department of the Government than the civil
department. I do not think that it is sustained
upon , ny reason nor upon experience. I think
that the Senator from Massachusetts cannot
say that the record of the quartermaster's
department is superior to and freer from ques-
tion and blemish than the record of the Indian
office and the Indian service generally. My
opinion is, that the military service of the
United States is the most expensive Govern-
ment service in the world, and that instead of
this'being a proposition in favor of economy,
if the Indian scrvipe, is to participate in the
character of the military service, it is a prop-
osition for- extravagance and increase of ex-
penditure. It is known to us all who have
examined th.e records that it has cost this Gov-
ernment much more to fight the Indians than
to feed them—very much more; and I think
this is a question whether they shall be fed or
shall be shot—fed or fought., 1 am in favor of
that policy which I think is consistent with the
sentiments of humanity and the-high obliga-
tions of the American people toward the
Indians.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that the prop-
osition made by way of amendment by the hon-
orable Senator from Nevada will not prevail.
My impressions for a long time, have been
rather in favor of transferring the Indians from
the Department of the Interior to the War
Department. Still, I am not prepared at the
present time to vote so, because I want inform-
ation on the subject,
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator will allow
me, if that is the disposition of those in favor
of the proposed change 1 will not press the
motion, but will allow the bill to be referred
without instructions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My honorable friend
may withdraw his motion as soon as I, get
through.
It is manifest to me, Mr. President, as it is
to all gentlemen—it does not seem to be dis-
puted—that in the ordinary course of business
in the Senate the Indian Committee is the
appropriate committee tp which this bill should
be referred ; and that if it is taken out of the
hands of that committee it is rather a reflec-
tion upon the committee itself, an intimation
that they cannot, or will not, arrive at a cor-
rect, conclusion on the subject. Whatever may
be their impressions, it is perfectly obvious that
as that committee, and as all committees of the
Senate are made up, after the discussion which
has been had here, it will be the duty, and
unquestionably the pleasure, of that commit-
tee at once to take this subject under consid-
eration and report upon it at an early day. _ It
is quite obvious, too, that for their own credit's
sake, when they make that report, the report
will be accompanied with an argument and
with the reasons upon the subject showing the
grounds of their opinion. Such would be the
case unquestionably if it went to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs; and as has been well
remarked by gentlemen, there is the same
objection, prima facie, to the Committee on
Military Affairs that there is to the Committee
on Indian Affairs; and the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs has not, by usage, the control of
the subject.
Now, sir, I am not afraid to trust this matter
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, especially
after what has been said here; and I believe
that in due time, as soon as they can give the
subject the consideration which it deserves, we
