42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
shall have a full and lucid report from that
committee. If it does not meet the approba-
tion of the Senate, it will be time enough then
to overrule them ana transfer the jurisdiction
of these Indians to the military arm of theGov-
ernment, if that is thought advisable by( Sen-
ators. Still, before acting apoii it, I wish to
have the matter thoroughly'discussed; I wish
to have the correctness of my own impressions
tested ; and if the Committee on Indian Affairs
shall satisfy me, either by a report or.by asubse-
quent debate, that 1 am wrong in my impres-
sions, it will give me great pleasure at once to
change them, ahd-to vote to retain the subject-
matter where it is.' Bat, sir, until that is done
I do not wish to be called upon to act on the
subject, and I am glad to hear that my friend
from Nevada is ready to withdraw his motion.
I think it will be better to keep up the usage
of the Senate, to cast no reflection upon any
committee—we can at any time control the
matter—and let the measure go where it prop-
erly and appropriately belongs.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think I may call to
the attention of the Senate some facts which,
perhaps, have escaped recollection at the pres-
ent moment. On one occasion, some years ago,
there was a joint committee appointed by the
two Houses having charge of this whole ques-
tion, and on a full examination and taking of
testimony of the treatment of the Indians, both
by the Army officers and by the civilians, the
jointcoinuiittee of the two Houses unanimously
reported against this very proposition to trans-
fer the Bureau of Indian affairs to the War
Department. It is true that oil several occa-
sions the Military Committee of this body have
recommended that transfer. It is true, also,
that on several occasions in the Senate within
the last few years the question has been pressed
upon the Senate and discussed in open Senate,
and discussed at length, and the Senate, by a
large majority, have voted down the proposi-
tion to transfer the Bureau of Indian Affairs to
the War Department. If this bill was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs at the last
session I must say that it escaped my recollec-
tion. I was not aware that there was such a
bill referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs at the last session; but at the session be-
fore 1 think there was, and the proposition
came before the Senate a year ago this last
winter, and on full discussion the sense of the
Senate was taken. Under all those circum-
stances, therefore, it seems to me that there is
no reason for supposing that the Committee on
Indian Affairs have, in any respect, desired to
avoid any responsibility about reporting on this
question the one way or the other. That Com-
mittee will act upon the question just as much
as any other committee of the body.
The fact tluH a special committee was once
appointed having this subject in charge, who
reported upon it, and the sense of the Senate
taken on two or three different occasions, I
think, ought to be considered before any gen-
tleman should indulge for a moment any idea
that the Indian Committee are not willing to
take the responsibility of acting on this ques-
tion. I believe they will take that responsi-
bility, and will act.
For myself, having examined the question,
as I did, both as a member of that joint com-
mittee and as a member of the Indian Com-
mittee on former occasions, I have not yetseen
anything to change my opinion, an opinion
which i then formed, and which I expressed
here freely; but still [ am, for one, perfectly
willing to go into an investigation of the facts.
If any new facts, or anything new in the con-
dition of our Indian affairs has arisen, certainly
I am willing, forone, to examine those facts and
give to their consideration my best attention.
This is a very important question, Mr. Pres-
ident. I know that so long as Indian affairs
are under the control of the civil department
there must be estimates made for every par-
ticular item of expenditure for every Indian
tribe, for every agency, for every Territory.
They must be in items, reported to Con-
gress, and Congress can open its eyes and look
oil those estimates and discuss them. Pat the.
Indian Bureau under the War Department, and
the estimates will come in, for subsistence^ of
the Army so many millions, for transportation
for the Army so many more millions ; and you
can easily put through a bill here for forty or
fifty millions, or a deficiency bill of ten, fifteen,
or twenty millions, and nobody questions it at all.
It is a very easy way to get your legislation on
the subject of Indian affairs ; certainly to get
the money. I do not deny that there are abuses
in the Indian department. Abuses will grow
up in every department of the Government
where money is expended. But the commit-
tee to which I have referred, you will remem-
ber, Mr. President, proposed to the Senate at
that time a plan for the better administration
of Indian affairs—ahill which passed the Sen-
ate. but failed in the House of Representatives.
This is an important subject, and it ought to
have a careful consideration. Whichever com-
mittee it goes to, as far as I am concerned
personally, it makes no difference, for I happen
to be placed both on the Indian Committee and
the Military Committee ; but still it is a ques-
tion which properly belongs to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, as I think.
Mr. STEWART. I did not desire in making
this motion to reflect upon the Committee on
Indian Affairs, or express any want of confi-
dence in them. My want of confidence is in
our Indian system. I have seen it work, and
my mind is fully made up that it will never be
a success. The s3-stem of having two Depart-
ments of the Government working at cross-
purposes in the Indian territory has been a
failure. Whether one of them can succeed or
not it is well enough to try. We certainly
csmnot do this business any worse than it is
being done now. It is a disgrace to our coun-
try that we cannot manage our Indian affairs
without so much corruption, and without so
much barbarity. Other countries do it. Right,
on our border Great Biitain is successful, and
she operates through her military principally.
She is successful, and it is not an expensive
service there, where they have more wild In-
dians than we have. But we are unsuccessful,
operating through two Departments. Now let
us try one. The very nature of the service
requires unity of action. The Indian must
know that somebody is responsible. He must
not be told one thing by one man and another
thing by another man, because he will not be-
lieve cither. Our system is a system that leads
the Indians to have no confidence in us. There
can be no unity of purpose when there are two
Departments both operating in the same coun-
try. I want to see the system organized so
there shall be a head. I do not wish to reflect
on the War Department or the Interior De-
partment, but I say it should be left to one
Department or the other to manage the Indians,
so that the Indians shall know who is boss,
who is chief, who is big chief, and who are
responsible to see that contracts are carried
out. Under our present system there is con-
stant abuse. However, I will withdraw the
motion I made and let the bill go to the Indian
Committee.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My honorable friend
from Nevada, it seems to me, is very unfortu-
nate in his allusion to the administration of
Indian affairs in the neighboring Dominion
under the Government of Great Britain. He
says they deal with them through the army.
Not at all, sir. This body once appointed a
special committee to examine into the Indian
affairs of the neighboring province, and they
made their report of the facts to this body. If
my honorable friend had given his attention to
the report on that subject he could not have
fallen into such an error. They do not deal
with them through the army at all. They deal
with them by civilians and civil agents and the
missionaries, whom they encourage among
them, altogether. That is the reason why they
have peace all over the Dominion of Canada
and not war, or one of the reasons. I will not
say it is the whole reason, because with them it
is different from what it is with ue. The
amount of emigration on our part, is pushing
every where into the Indian territory and not
into the Dominion.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire of
the Senator, in that connection, whether he
pretends to say that they have two departments
operating at the same time to perform this ser-
vice? Does not one department direct the
whole service? , ,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have stated the fact
that they do not deal with the Indians in the
Dominion by the army at all. They deal with
them through civil officers, and the schools and
the missionaries which they establish among
them. Their system of civil administration,
perhaps, in the appointment of persons con-
nected with Indian affairs, is better than ours,
growing out of the fact that if they are not
appointed practically for life they are kept in
almost for life. I did not intend to go into
the argument of the merits of the question any
further than to reply to the statement made by
the honorable Senator. In my judgment, he
made a mistake in alluding to the administra-
tion of Indian affairs in Canada as a reason
why we should administer our own Indian
affairs through the Army and the War Depart-
ment. I do not intend to continue'the discus-
sion, as I suppose the Senate is anxious to
come to a vote.
Mr, STEWART. I certainly am very greatly
misinformed if the persons in the Indian coun-
try there have not complete control of civil and
military affairs. There is only one head there,
only one department to control Indian affairs,
which controls both the civil and military rela-
tions and preserves unity of purpose. 1 know
I have met a great many persons who were up
in the Frazer river country, where there was a
heavy emigration, where the emigration came
in immediate contact with a great number of
Indians, and they said they had no difficulty.
Peace was preserved. There was unity of
purpose there. There are no two departments
operating in that country. I am quite certain
of that. If there was, they would have the
same confusion that you have here.
Mr. WAUNER. 1 hope the original motion
to reler this bill to the appropriate committee
will prevail. This is not the time, I am aware,
to discuss the merits of the bill. There is
high authority for and against it. But I think
the action of the Senate in refusing to refer
this bill to the appropriate committee would
be regarded by the world as conclusive of the
sense of this body that the bill is to pass with-
out that thorough examination and consider-
ation by the appropriate committee of this
body, who have in chargc Indian affairs, and
who are supposed best to understand and best
to represent the interests of the Indians,
which it should receive. There will be a wide
difference of opinion in regard to this bill.
There is a wide-spread conviction in the coun-
try that our treatment of the Indians amounts
to a national disgrace and a national crime
second only to that of our treatment of the
colored race, and that we are suffering, and
will suffer, the like penalty which we suffered
in that case if we do not deal with them upon
principles of humanity. I only say this to as-k
that this bill may have its proper reference,
and have au examination by its appropriate
committee.
I think I know what the conclusion of the
Military Committee will be. They will repre-
sent the will and wishes of the Army. The
Army think and feel that if they have to do
the fighting they ought to have the control of
the Indians. There is a pretty general feel-
ing among the friends of the Indians that if
we had less fighting and more justice in our
treatment of the Indians it would be better.
Already the rumor is in the papers that the
recent battle was but a massacre of friendly
Indians upon a Government reservation. I
have the authority of an Army officer, just
from the plains, who says that Black Kettle,
reported as killed, was a friendly Indian, and
carried his warriors away last summer to New
Mexico to keep them out of the fight. I think
