1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
995
sovereignty and powers of Government are not
delegated by the Constitution to the United
States and the Government formed by the Con-
stitution,, that sovereignty belongs as exclusively
to the people of the States as it did before the
formation of the Constitution.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I will inquire whence
the honorable Senator derives that doctrine ?
Is it from the history of the American nation,
oris it from the Kentucky resolutions of 179.8?
Mr. DAVIS. I will inform the honorable
Senator. I derive it from the Constitution ; I
derive it from the treatises upon the Constitu-
tion by the men who made it; I derive it from
Hamilton and Madison, from Kent and Story
and Marshall, and every other great light and
luminary of the Constitution. I will read a
paragraph from Madison's letters on this sub-
ject :
"It has been too much the case in expounding the
Constitution of the United States that its meaning
has been sought not in its peculiar and unprece-
dented csodificatioa of power, but by viewing it some
through the medium of asimple Government, others
through that of a mere league of Governments. It is
neither the one nor the other; but essentially different
from both. It must consequently be its own inter-
preter. No other Government can furnish a key to
its true character. Other Governments present an
individual and indivisible sovereignty. TheConsti-
tution of the United States divides the sovereignty;
the portions surrendered by the States composing the
Federal sovereignty over specific subjects; the por-
tions retained forming the sovereignty of each over
the residuary subjects within its sphere."
In the case of McCulloch vs. The State of
Maryland, Chief Justice Marshall decides that
all powers of government appertain to sover-
eignty. He decides explicitly that the charter
of a bank of the United States is an exercise
of sovereignty, and he says iu the most explicit
language that all exercise of political power is
an exercise of political sovereignty. Now, my
position is simply this: that the portion of it
yielded up by the people of all the States, as
enumerated in the Constitution, is an emana-
tion from the people of all the States, acting
by States, to the United States and to the
General Government; that so far as sover-
eignty is not delegated by that instrument to
the United States and to the Government
formed by the Constitution that sovereignty is
retained by the States; and it is as distinct-
ively, as peculiarly, and as exclusively their
right now as it was before the formation of the
Constitution, and the Supreme Court have so
decided in repeated cases.
Now, Mr. President, while I am up I will
add another word or two. I have taken the
position in my argument that Congress has no
power to propose an amendment to the Con-
stitution that would revolutionize the essential
nature and character of the Governmentformed
.by the Constitution. My further position is,
that the proposed amendment does revolution-
ize the distinctive and peculiar character of the
Government; that the Government of the
United States is not a single Government; that
it is a mixed Government of the United States
and the people of the States. The honsrable
Senator from Michigan I presume compre-
hends me, if I have made myself distinet.
I then say that, as a part and parcel of our
system of government, the government of the
States is as essential as the Government of
the United States; that it can no more be dis-
pensed with without a revolution and an over-
throw of our mixed system of State and of Fed-
eral Government than could the Government
formed by the Constitution of the United States
be overthrown without a revolution. I say
here, and I maintain as a principle asserted
by all the men who assisted in forming the
Constitution and who have given any exposi-
tion on it, and by every able and accepted
commentator on the Constitution, that the gov-
ernment of the States is as much a part of our
complex and mixed system of government as
the Government of the United States; and in
conformity to that principle I assert, as a true
proposition, that it would no more cha,nge or
revolutionize our system of government to
destroy the Government of the United States
than it would to destroy the governments of
the States,
Now, Mr. President, I advance another
step in my argument. I say that a proposition
made in Congress to amend the Constitution of
the United States by abolishing the United
States Government would not come within the
scope of the power of Congress to propose
amendments to that instrument. I say it would
be revolutionary and destructive of our sys-
tem ; and that a power to propose amendments
to our system does not involve and cannot
carry a proposition to destroy the system. I
therefore say that if this proposition was to
propose an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States by which the Government
created by that Constitution should be abol-
ished, such a proposition as that would wholly
transcend the power of Congress to propose
amendments to the Constitution. I assert, as
the parallel of that position, that the govern-
ments of the States being as necessary, as con-
stitutional, and as proper a portion of our sys-
tem as the Government of the United States,
a proposition to abolish, to destroy, to abro-
gate the governments of the States it is not
competent for Congress to make under the
guise of executing the power to propose
amendments to the Constitution. That is my
position. I say that if the proposition was to
create a Presidency for life, with succession to
his son, Congress has no power, under the
article that is professed to be pursued now, to
make such a proposition.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will allow
me, would it be revolutionary and destructive
of the Constitution to extend the presidential
term from four years to six, as the confederate
government did, or to ten, fifteen, or twenty
years, in ease the people should see fit to do so?
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer that questiojg.
If the honorable Senator will put his questions
in fewer words I shall be very much obliged
to him.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
too much noise in the Chamber. Senators are
inattentive to the discussion of this new and
important question of the sovereignty of the
States.
Mr. DAVIS. I say the proposition to amend
the Constitution by extending the presidential
term would not be a revolution; it would not
alter the essential nature of our Government;
but I will tell the Senator what proposition
would be of that character. If he was to pro-
pose now, as an amendment to the existing prop-
osition, that Senators should hold their offices
during their lives, and upon the death of each
Senator his place should descend to his eldest
son, such a proposition as that would be revo-
lutionary, and it is not competent for Congress
under its power to propose amendments to
offer any such proposition as that.
It would be no less revolutionary to abolish
the State governments than to take either of
the steps that I have indicated. It would be
a subversion, a revolution, an overthrow of
the essential nature and character of our mixed
Government, for Congress to destroy the State
governments. Congress, therefore, has no
power to make such a proposition in the form
of an amendment. I object to this so-called
amendment, that it does substantially compre-
hend such a proposition as that. It is substan-
tially a proposition to abolish the State govern-
ments. It carries a principle with it which
Congress may at any time carry to that extent.
If Congress has the power to regulate the whole
subject of suffrage, and to regulate the matter
of who shall be eligible to office, that is the
substance of the aggregation of the State gov-
ernments when applied to them ; and Congress
might as well, and with more propriety—it
would be a great deal a less stride of power—
proceed at once to abolish, absolutely and with-
out qualification, the State governments. I say
' that Congress has no such power.
Chief Justice Marshall, in the opinion in the
case of McCulloch vs. The State of Maryland,
lays it dowu that what the people of a State
have the power to organize and to institute
they have the power to maintain. I ask the
honorable Senator from Michigan what people
have aright to form a State government for that
State ? What power is there upon this earth
that has the rightful authority to form,to change,
to abolish, and to introduce another govern-
ment instead of the present existing govern-
ment of the State of Michigan ? * No other
power but the people of that State ; and Chief
Justice Marshall, in the ease that I have re-
ferred to, states several times the proposition
that a power to organize, to create, on tfie
part of a State, imparts and carries with it a
power to preserve its own organization. Then
every State having the exclusive power to or-
ganize its own State government, according to
the positions taken by Chief Justice Marshall
in that case, each State government has the
power to preserve the State government which
it has the right to make. I say that for Con-
gress to interfere with the power of the States
to make their governments is as much usurpa-
tion of power as it would be for a State to at-
tempt to overthrow the Government of the
United States.
There may be rebellion and treason against
the States as well as against the United States.
The Supreme Court decided thatprinciple in
the case of Luther vs. Borden. Yea, sir, the
President of the United States, the Congress
of the United States, the high officers of the
United States, when they transcend their con-
stitutional functions and powers and array
themselves with arms in their hands to resist
the government and laws and authorities of a
State commit treason against that State; and
they are as much subject to be proceeded
against in that State as traitors, and to be pun-
ished by its laws denouncing treason as a crime,
as Jeff. Davis and his accomplices were subject
to be indicted under the laws and Constitution
of the United States for having committed
treason against it. It is as much treason against
a State to make unauthorized armed resistance
to the execution of its laws as it is treason
against the United States to make unauthor-
ized armed resistance to the execution of the
laws of the United States. The cases are par-
allel. If it is true in the one case it is true in
the other; and I only regretted that there was
not some State that had power enough, aud
whose government was so organized and filled
by men of such will and ability and courage
and determination as would have brought some
of the highest officers of the Army to be tried
for treason against their State governments
and to be executed on the gallows. It would
have been one of the most wholesome prece-
dents that ever was set.
Now let me say a word on another point.
The honorable Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Ferby] said the other day that he was grati-
fied that neither myself nor any other Senator
who had then participated in the debate took
any ground against the fitness and the ability of
the negro race to take part in our Government.
Sir, there is not not a negro in America who
understands the principles of our Government.
There is not a negro living on the face of God's
earth that can understand the principles of our
Government, and that is competent to take an
intelligent and a useful part in the adminis-
tration of that Government. Gentlemen have
grown eloquent and pathetic in their denuncia-
tion of the brutalizing influence of slavery,
assuming that it was the demoralizing etfects
of slavery that rendered the negro incompetent
to take part iu our free and complicated sys-
tem of government. Sir, I have seen what we
used to call in olden times the Guinea negro;
I have seen a few slaves that were brought
direct from Africa; and in appearance and
intelligence they were but little above the
baboon. All the intelligence, all the attain-
ment, all the civilization of the present race
of negrses in the United States, as has been
truly said by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Hendricks,] they have received from the white
man in the condition of slavery. Tliey are in-
debted to slavery for all they know, all their
intellectual and moral elevation from the con-
dition of the most ignorant barbarism.
It has been my fortune to know the negroia
