1752
Tqi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
annum from the 1st day of Jan© last until such time
as a minister shall be appointed and shall take charge
of the legation, such sum as may be necessary.
I ask the gentleman from Ohio why that was
not included in the consular and diplomatic
appropriation bill of this year?
Mr. SPALDING. This is made in obedience
to an express request of the Secretary of
State, who says that under very peculiar cir-
cumstances, a gentleman, the son of one very
near to me, became charg6 d'affaires and per-
formed valuable services when our minister
ran away, and this provision is for the purpose
of compensating this gentleman who did so
well for his services while- acting as charg6
d'affaires.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw the amend-
ment. The circumstances had for a moment
escaped my attention.
Mr. FLANDERS. I move to add the fol-
lowing :
For the completion of the work of the commission
for determining and marking the boundary line be-
tween Washington Territory and the British posses-
sions, $13,600.
Mr. Chairman, that is the amount asked for
by the Secretary of State to continue the pres-
ent commission for the completion of the north-
western boundary. The committee has, for
some reason best known to itself, left out that
appropriation, and I hope the amendment will
be agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is an old acquaint-
ance. It was here when I first came to Con-
gress, and I should like to ask the gentleman
when he expects this work will be done.
Mr. FLANDERS. That it is not already
completed is no fault of the commission on the
part of the United States, for they have already
prepared their report and signed the papers.
The work was commenced on the 11th of Au-
gust, 1856, and the United States Government
have expended in the survey for marking that
boundary $500,000. It is also well known that,
although the boundary line has been run and
marked, the papers have never yet been signed.
That would have been done if a question had
not arisen between the United States and Great
Britain in regard to the water boundary. The
settlement of this question has been delayed up
to the present time, but the commission is now
ready, as I understand it, to sign the papers.
It is therefore necessary that this sum should
be appropriated.
Mr. MAYNARD. How long will it take to
complete the signing of these papers?
Mr. FLANDERS. When the English com-
mission is ready the papers will be signed.
enrolled bills.
The committee informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Wil-
sox, of Pennsylvania, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills with the follow-
ing titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 5G8) explanatory of the
act entitled ;;An act declaring the title to land
warrants in certain cases;"
An act (H. R. No. 1758) to incorporate the
Masonic Mutual Relief Association of the Dis-
trict of Columbia; and
An act (H. R. No. 1877) for the relief of the
heirs and legal representatives of Charles C.
Cook, deceased.
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman from
Washington Territory [Mr. Flaxdeks] says
that the Committee on Appropriations have
omitted this amendment of his for reasons best
known to themselves. If the gentleman had
the same information the committee had I
think he would never have proposed it. This
commission has been in existence agreat num-
ber of years; the work is all done and has been
done for a long while; the line is run and the
boundary has been substantially marked upon
the ground, and there is no necessity for any
appropriation at all. As a friend near me
says, the boundary has been marked by a good
engineer. The work is all complete and has
been for a long time, but the English commis-
sioners refuse to sign the report. It seems
that the Secretary of State proposes that we
shall keep this commission ia existence with-
out anything to do at an expense of $13,000 a
year.
Mr. Flanders rose.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will yield to the gentle-
man as soon as I get through my statement.
The English commission refuse to sign on ac-
count of the difficulty with reference to the
Island of San Juan. The work is all done, all
complete ; the report is all drawn, and yet the
English commissioners refuse to sign it, ex-
pecting that we will keep the commission alive
till some future time. I had • a conversation
with one of the commissioners on the subject
and he told me he had no duty to perform. He
admitted that the work was all done and all
they had to do was to sign their names. There-
fore I say if the gentleman from Washington
Territory had known some of the reasons as
we do I think he would not have offered his
amendment.
Mr. PRUYN. I move to amend by striking
out" $600," making it " $13,000," and for the
purpose of stating two or three facts bearing
upon the matter which the House ought to
understand. This survey was going on for many
years under the treaty of 1846 with Great Britain
under direction of a commission appointed by
the two Governments. Mr. Campbell, of this
city, is one of the acting commissioners now
on the part of this Government. The survey,
as the gentleman from Pennsylvania correctly
stated, has been made and I believe completed,
or very nearly so. The commission are now
to sign the requisite maps and certificates which
under the treaty are to be evidence of the com-
pletion of the survey and the establishment of
the line. Now, for certain diplomatic reasons
most likely the British commissioners have de-
clined thus far for some time past to meet our
commissioners for this purpose. The reason
probably the gentleman from Pennsylvania has
already alluded to—the negotiations going on
between the two Governments which have
ended in the San Juan treaty, a confirmation
of which has been reported upon in the Senate,
and probably by this time it is confirmed. The
survey has continued for six hundred miles
over a broken territory, and the question is
now whether we shall break it up before the
result is arrived at and the whole thing is com-
pleted when this small appropriation will close
it all up. I withdraw the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. MUNGEN. I renew it for the purpose
of saying a word. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania says this is completed. In a legal
point of view I dispute that very respectfully.
Where a commission is appointed to run a
boundary line and make a survey, if they break
up when they run the first mile it is incom-
plete ; and if they break up after they have run
the last line without concluding and signing
the survey it amounts to nothing, and we will
have to rerun the line. Now, I am in favor
of this appropriation because it is much cheaper
for the Government to allow this sum and get
the signatures of these men than it will be to
appoint a new commission, which would un-
doubtedly have to be appointed to rerun this
line. We have settled this question in the
settlement of the line of the territory acquired
from Mexico in 1846 or 1847. It is true as a
legal proposition that the survey is incomplete
until it is signed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. How long does the gen-
tleman propose to pay these large salaries to
these commissioners simply to sign their
names? They have had about two years to
do it.
Mr. MUNGEN. I propose nothing further
than to leave it open and see if we can get it
done. It is simply a matter of economy,
because we shall have to start again from the
initial point and pay the expense all over again
if this is not completed. I would rather pay
$13,000 ag a matter of economy than run the
risk of having to rerun the entire line at ati
expense of $600,000.
The amendment of Mr. Flanders was dis*
agreed to.
^message from the senate.
The committee informally rose; and th£
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the Senate was communicated by Mr.
Gorham, its Secretary, announcing that that
body had' concurred in the resolution of the
House suspending the sixteenth and seven-
teenth joint rules during the remainder of this
session of Congress.
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. DODGE. I move to amend by insert-
ing the following as a new paragraph :
For reimbursing tho State of Iowa, for expenses
incurred and payments made during the late rebel*
lion, as examined, audited, andtoundduetheStateby
General llobert C. Buchanan's commission under the
act of Congress approved July 25,1866, $229,848 23.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is notthis new legislation?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not so
understand it. The terms of the amendment
are expressly in accordance with an act of
Congress.
Mr. DODGE. This matter has been fully
discussed in this House, and I believe there is
no gentleman who denies that this amount is
justly due. This claim was reported by Gen-
eral Buchanan, and I read from his report the
following:
" In the examination of tho question of reimburse-
ment to the State of Iowa for the expenses incurred
by these several bodies of troops two questions arise,
by tho answers to which the whole matter must be
decided:
" First. "Was there such necessity for their employ-
ment as to justify their organization ?
" Second. Were the expenditures made under the
several heads reasonable and proper, and in accord-
ance with the spirit of the laws in such cases made
and provided?
"With iegaid to the necessity, the facts stated
above show, in my opinion, that it was absolutely
imperative. On the one border the lives and prop-
erty of the inhabitants of tho State w<>r© threatened
by a sanguinary and savage foe; and on the other
the integrity of the State itself as a member of the
Union was in imminent jeopardy from armed trai-
tors and rebels seeking its conquest; no one can
doubt the necessity and propriety of employing these
troops.
"As to tho expenditures, the Legislature,by the
act referred to, directed that all accounts arising
under the employment of these troops should be
submitted previous to payment to a board of com-
missioners then in existence, whose duty it was to
audit and aliow ail claims against the State. Fortu-
nately tho members of this board were intelligent
and discreet, and consulted a rigid economy in their
allowances, being somewhat controlled, perhaps, by
the idea of the uncertainty of the amount being re-
funded by the Government. The board had plenary
powers; its decisions were final, as no appeal could
be taken from them, nor could any account be paid
without its approval, with the amount allowed in-
dorsed upon it and verified by the signatures of its
members. My examination of these accounts shows
me that they are carefully made up in accordance
with the laws of the State, verified on oath, and
though not in the forms used by the Treasury !De-
partment, yet sufficiently like them for all practical
purposes. I therefore did not attempt to apply to
them the regulations of the accoimting officers of the
Treasury, for had this been possible it did not seem
likely that Congress would have provided by law
for a commissioner Ho examine and report upon*
claims that could have been as well decided upon
by those officers themselves. The letters of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and the Second Comptroller,
hereto appended, sanction this opinion."
This officer has been nearly a year examin-
ing these claims—six months of the time in the
State of Iowa—and he reports that the total
amount due the State is $229,848 23. Similar
claims have been paid to the States of Ohio
and Missouri, and I hope there wiil be no ob-
jection to this amendment.
The question was put on the amendment; and
there were—ayes 22, noes 44; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered j and Mr. Dodge and
Mr. Scofield were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 4-5, noes 67.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ALLISON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For reimbursing the State of Iowa for expenses
