1000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
ancestors having been slaves. I think if the
Senator from Missouri will look at the amend-
ment of our committee he will see that the
language is notso,likely to be misunderstood:
The right of citizens of the United States to vote
and holaoffioe-shall not be denied or abridged by the
United States or fey any State On account of race,
color, or previous oondition of servitude.
This, probably, would not only include the
ciiizten himself, bat the class to which he be-
longed. The amendment of th.e Senator from
Missouri is an attempt to get up the same idea
in' different language; but I do not. think the
language is as safe as that in the amendment of
the committee. The proposition, however, is
new to me, and it is somewhat difficult to pass
upon language of this kind readily. I think
the amendment proposed by the committee is
safer.
Mr. DRAKE. The right to vote is an in-
dividual right; it does not belong to masses of
people, but it belongs to each individual. When
you frame a constitutional provision which is
to bear upon the right of the individual and
not upon the right of communities, then I take
it that almost every gentleman in the Senate
will at oiHje recognize the propriety of making
the provision apply to the individual directly,
and not to masses. Every man wbo goes to
the polls goes upon his own individual right
to vote, and his right to vote cannot be affected
one way or the other by thfe right of any mass
of people of whom he may be one. Therefore
it is that I object so strongly to the language
of the House resolution, the putting of these
words at the end of the amendment, -'or class
of citizens of the United States," asifmyright
to vote could by any possibility be affected by
the right of any other class of citizens of the
United States. It is a great deal better to
make it as strictly personal and individual in
its bearings as it can be made. I believe that
if the Senator will so far considertlie matter as
to scan closely the language of my amendment
he will see that it does cover every conceivable
case, and is not liable to the objection to the
other form of amendment, bringing the words
"the rights of citizens" in the foreground of
the amendment, and thereby assume that they
have aright to vote or hold office without any
grand principle of sovereign power as a mere
natural right-
Mr. STEWART. I think that amendment
is just as well as a declaration. I do not see
any point in that. The only point is whether
we have made an affirmative proposition suf-
ficiently clear that it cannot be evaded. Tho
House of Representatives put in the latter por-
tion of their proposition the words, " class of
citizens," for the reason that a person might
be deprived of his right to vote on account of
the servitude of his ancestors or on account
of the servitude of his class, although he might
not have been himself in actual servitude.
Consequently they thought it sufficient to put
on the last clause, so as to say that the rights
of citizens of the United States shall not be
denied or abridged on account of their race,
their color, or their previous condition, mean-
ing the class to which they belong. This is
the bioad expression of the proposition. The
amendment of the Senator from Missouri is a
particular proposition, and I think it narrows
the amendment and does not improve the
measure.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If I could persuade my-
self that the amendment reported by the com-
mittee does imply, as the Senator from Mis-
souri supposes, that there exists now any citi-
zen of the United States—which is a subject to
which the sentence relates—without the right
to exercise political privileges, then most cer-
tainly I should think that it was a great deal
belter than any amendment which did not im-
ply such an existing right, because I am one
ot those, and I may as well say it now as
ever, who believe that the fourteenth amend-
ment which we have already adopted has un-
dertaken to secure to citizens of the United
States all the privileges and immunities that
belong to citizens as such, including, of course,
and comprehending all belonging to the class.
There is no qualification or limitation, but
words the most comprehensive possible in a
statute or in a constitution are used. I believe
that every citizen o,f the Unlted States in re-
spect to whom political rights can be asserted
at all is entitled now to exercise political privi-
leges; and therefore if there is any man in the
United States who was before that amendment
entitled to exercise political privileges, that
amendment extended to all the citizens simi-
larly situated, without arbitrary and mere fan-
ciful distinctions, such as color, nativity, edu-
cation, or of religion, an equal right; because
if there is any vitality at all in that article,
which was so much studied here, and which at
last has commanded the assent of three fourths
of the States, it is that it gave the great and
comprehensive word "privileges" to all citi-
zens alike, and that it made secure to them
privileges that belonged to the highest class of
community.
This is worth thinking of while we are dis-
cussing eveu these amendments, because now
we are coming to the real consideration of this
question, having finished for the morning at
least the orations which have been delivered,
splendid and instructive and delightful, but
after all lacking the precise considerations
which belong to law or constitution-making.
Now, where shall we find ourselves if we cat
loose from this anchor which now holds us to
an orbit of liberty, and go sailing away after
the assent of three fourths of the States to
something else upon the assumption, up.on
the admission, as our enemies will claim, that
there is nothing in the Constitution of the
United States, as it now stands, which pre-
serves to any citizen the right to exercise polit-
ical privileges? How long will it be before no
citizen under the Constitution of the United
States will be secure in the exercise of polit-
ical privileges if he is not now ? Who is able
to say where the twenty-eight or twenty-nine
independent States are to be found who will
agree t,o any further addition to that instru-
ment? And what is to become of your privi-
leges and mine, as secured under the Consti-
tion of the United States, during this uncer-
tain and doubtful future which lies before us,
no man can tell. It is true, sir, undoubtedly,
that wheresoever that party which we call the
Republican party holds sway in the States
they will as a rule gladly accede to it if it shall
be thought that it adds anything either in
principle or in form to the security of the
great rights which belong to human nature and
civilization.
Mr. STEWART. Allow mo call the atten-
tion of my friend from Vermont to a provision
of the Constitution which prevents this from
being so regarded:
The enumeration in the Constitution of certain
rights shall not bo construed to deny or disparage
others retained by the people."
Mr. SUMNER. Is there any word of human
conception broader than " privilege?" When
that was given, did it not give everything?
Mr. STEWART. I merely say that if you
pass this there is an express constitutional pro-
vision that it shall not be a presumption that
it excludes any privilege already belonging to
the citizen.
Mr.'EDMUNDS. My friend cannot have
understood the jraint of the argument I was
suggesting, by bringing forward such a reason
as an answer to it. What I am calling the atten-
tion ot the Senate to is the argument, if I may
so speak, of a judge or a lawyer of a construc-
tion. Now, if having last year passed one
statute this year you pass another on the same
subject, do you not by a ccrtain implication, at
least in the moral sense, raise and put forth the
idea that the old statute did not answer the pur-
pose that you are now seeking for? What my
lriend has said in relation to the inherent and
inalienable rights of human nature are not to
be prejudiced by anything in the Constitution.
My point is, th&t by putting something in the
Constitution, which we now propose to do, we
shall have raised the intellectual question, not
the human, one, whether we are not conclu ded
by now attempting to make in this amendment
that the amendment we made before did not
reach the same end. I do not say that that is
a sound argument. We may go on making
amendment after amendment that have the
same legal scope and -effect, it is true : but it
so happens in the course of human affairs
that the world will not accept that idea. The
country will believe—and the ■ country in _ a
large degree-influences judicial as well as polit-
ical proceedings—that we are satisfied in both
Houses of Congress that the Constitution of the
United States as'it now stands does not contain
any security of political privileges to any man.
I do not wish to <^,ke that concession.
Mr, DRAKE.- Will the honorable Senator
from Vermont allow me to inquire whether I
understand the scope of his argument?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know that you do.
Mr. DRAKE. That is exaetly what I do
not know myself, and I wish to ascertain. The
question with me is, on .which I wish to get in-
formation from the honorable Senator, whether
he considers that the first section of the four-
teenth article of amendment to the Constitu-
tion does now confer upon citizens of the Uni-
ted States the right to vote in the States in
which they reside ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Decidedly, Mr. President.
I congratulate my friend from Missouri, after
this long, sleepless night, on his having under-
stood my proposition perfectly.
Mr. DRAKE. Then I must be permitted to
say, Mr. President, that I do not think the
proposition is a sound one.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That, sir, is a question
of opinion about which my friend from Mis-
souri will permit me to differ from him, I have
no doubt. This fourteenth article, if he will
allow me to call his attention to it, was cer-
tainly intended to do something. I may make
use of the same argument that I was suggest-
ing a moment ago against the wisdom of pass-
ing this one. It was intended to make it a
subject in addition, was it not, touching the
political privileges and rights of citizens of the
united States. We have already in the Con-
stitution an express declaration that the priv-
ileges and immunities of the citizens of the
several States should be guarantied to them in
whatever State they might take up their resi-
dence. I am not using the language but the
substance .of the section with which my friend
is well acquainted. We had that already. We
had the article abolishing slavery. What, then,
did we lack ? What was the fourteenth article
designed to secure ? What ,w,as there left in the
range of tho rights of citizenship under the
Constitution as it stood before the fourteenth
article, except exactly that which is covered
and comprehended in the broadest of language
contained in the fourteenth article, that the
privileges and immunities of citizens of the
United States shall not be either abridged or
denied by the United States or by any State;
defining also, what it was possible was open to
some question after the Dred Scott decision,
who were citizens of the United States. '
Mr. HOWE. Will my friend allow me to
ask him if that language secures the right to
vote to men does it not also to women and
children ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not necessarily.
Mr. HOWE. Why not?
Mr. EDM.UNDS. For a reason that my
friend will find better stated, in a legal point
of view than I can state it, in a decision of the
supreme court of the State of Kentucky, pro-
nounced about twenty-five or thirty years ago,
when Kentucky was in the pride of her judicial
renown, as she was in her political, and when
her courts could not be accused—as I do not
know that they_ now can be—of any special
leaning toward liberty and the rights of citizen-
ship. He win find it there decided that in
order to_ be a citizen, in the general and com-
^ prehensive sense of the term, such as thefour-
| teenth article defines it to be, a person must
have of necessity, as an essential and indis-
pensable ingredient in citizenship, the highest
