1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175S
incurred find payments madeduring the rebelHon, as
examined, audited and founddue by General liobert
n commission under the aetoi Ooneress
approved July 25. 1866, $229,848 23: Provided, That
in determining the claims to be allowed under this act
the same principles, rules, and regulations shall be
observed by tho accounting officers of the Treasury
Department in auditing said expenses as have been
applied to the claims allowed to States under the
acts of Congress approved .July 17 and 27,1861, for
reimbursing expenses incurred in raising, <fce., troops
to suppress the rebellion against the United States.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a point of order.
The proviso is general legislation, which ia ex-
cluded under the rules, and the amendment
itself is the same thing which has been voted
down.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
For reimbursing the State of Iowa for expenses
incurred and payments madeduring.the rebellion, as
examined, audited, and found due by General Rob-
ert 0. Buchanan's commission under the act of Con-
gress approved July 23,1866, $229,848.
That is the same amendment that was offered
by my colleague, [Mr. Dodge,] only leaving
off the odd cents so as to make it a different
proposition. The araouutof money represented
by this claim is justly due to the State oflowa.
A portion of the claim- arises out of the fact
that the State had erected barracks for troops
and turned them over to the United States.
The United States sold the property, and the
money to-day is in the Treasury of the United
States. Another portion of the claim arises
out of the fact that a portion of the militia of
the State of Iowa went to the aid of the United
States in the State of Missouri. That part of
the claim is precisely of the same nature as
that allowed and paid to the State of Missouri.
So that in addition to having part of this
money in the Treasury the Government has
heretofore reimbursed another State for pre-
cisely such services and such claims.
Now, I insist that in the adjustment of the
claims of the State of Iowa by the officers of the
Government the same liberality lias not been
manifested that has been manifested toward
other States. For instance, the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] objected to this claim
some time ago because the State of New York
had not been paid. But I find that while the
accountingofflcers of the Government deducted
from the claim of the State of Iowa every dol
lar of the direct tax levied upon the people of
that State in 1861 there stands to day unliquid-
ated against the State of New York the sum
of $650,000 of the direct tax of 1861. The
claims of New York under the original legisla-
tion for the adjustment of claims against the
Government were paid without the deduction
of that direct tax. Now, we simply ask that
after the Government has deducted all the
direct tax levied upon us they will give us back
the money which we spent in the service of the
Government as represented by this claim, which
has been thoroughly examined. It was exam-
ined by a special commissioner appointed in
pursuance of an act of Congress, and ithas been
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
of this House, who have unanimously reported
that this money is due to the State of Iowa. If
other States have claims yet unpaid that con-
stitutes no reason for not paying this debt which
the Government owes to our people. 1 hope,
therefore, the committee will adopt this amend-
ment and adjust this claim, right and proper
as it is in every sense.
Mr. WOOD. The House has already during
the present session had this subject before it,
when it was very fully and ably discussed by
the gentleman from Iowa and his colleagues,
and there was a report in favor of the claim
from the Committee on Military Affairs. After
that discussion the House voted to refer the
subject back again to that committee with
instructions to report a bill that would cover all
similar cases. I objected to it then and I
object to it now. I object to it on the ground
that there are other States, and the city of
New York itself, that have far more merito-
rious claims against the Government than has
the State of Iowa.
Mr. WILSON, oflowa. I resume the floor
for the purpose of saying in the remainder of
my time that I made a misstatement in re-
gard to the amount of direct tax standing
against the State of New York. I said it was
$650,000. Instead of that amount it is more
than nine hundred and sixty thousand dollars.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the amendment by adding to it the
following:
Provided, That an amount be appropriated from
the Treasury to pay the war claims of the rebellion
from all the States which have been reported upon
favorably by commissioners appointed by Congress.
When this claim came before the Committee
on Appropriations I had been instructed by
my State to present precisely the same kind of
claim for the State of Massachusetts. That
State had expended $400,000 in coast defense
under the orders of the Government. She
managed to get $200,000 of that sum back by
selling some of her heavy ordnance. A com-
mission was established of three persons : one
was Judge Yerplanck, of New York, another
was Mr. Collyer. of Philadelphia, and the third
I do not remember. That commission passed
upon the claim of Massachusetts and reported
in favor of it, after making the proper deduc-
tions. We had no direct tax nor any other
tax. We owe nothing on earth to this Govern-
ment but loyalty, good will, and fealty. I only
desire that the same rule shall be applied to us
that is applied to Iowa or to any other State.
We have passed through the same stages pre-
cisely that Iowa has passed through.
Mr. WILSON, oflowa. I accept the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. My point of order is that
the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler,] as accepted by the gen-
tleman from Iowa, [Mr. WiLsox,]is new legis-
lation and not in order on this bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The point
of order is raised too late.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Not at all; I raised the
point as soon as the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Wilson'] accepted th  amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman should have raised the point of order
as soon as I offered the amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I raised the point as soon
as the gentleman took his seat.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opin-
ion that the point of order was raised too
late.
Mr. PRICE. I find no fault with the pro-
viso of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler.] If Massachusetts has expended
money in good faith in defense of the Union
against the rebellion she should have the amount
refunded to her. But there is one strong point
in favor of the claim of Iowa in this matter
that has escaped observation. The gentleman
from Massachusetts states that Massachusetts
has received back over two hundred thousand
dollars of the money she expended by selling
the heavy ordnance for which a part of this
money was expended at the commencement
of the rebellion. But right there I want k>
say that a part of the money which we claim
to-day for the State of Iowa was expended in
the construction of barracks which were taken
possession of by United States troops. Those
barracks were sold, and the money received
from the sale was paid not into the treasury
of the State of Iowa, but into the Treasury of
the United States at the other end of the
avenue here. We come here to day and ask
that the United States shall pay us back the
money they took from us and paid into the
Treasury of the United States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. How much
money was paid into the Treasury from that
source? Perhaps $10,000.
Mr. PILE. I ask that 1 he amendment be
read as it is now modified.
The amendment was read, as follows:
For reimbursing the State of Iowa for expenses
incurred and payments made during the rebellion,
as examined, audited, and found duo tho State by
General Robert C. Buchanan's commission, under
the act of Congress approved July 25.1866, $229,848:
Provided, That an amount be appropriated from the
Treasury to pay the war claims of the rebellion from
all the States which have been reported upon favor-
ably by commissioners appointed by Congress.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move to amend
the amendment, as modified, by adding to it
the following:
To reimburse the State of Kansas for the services
and supplies of the militia called out t>y the Governor
of Kansas upon the requisition of Major General Cur-
tis to repel the invasion of General Price, $259,000,
When the claim of the State of Iowa was
before the House a few weeks ago I had occa-
sion to appeal to the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, [Mr. Garfield,] who
reported the claim, to allow me to offer the
amendment which I have now offered : bat it
was ruled out of order, and I did not then have
an opportunity to present my amendment. The
whole question, as I understand it, and as haa
already been stated by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Wood,] was sent to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, with instructions to
report a bill providing for the payment of the
indebtedness due all the States. I hold in my
hand a bill which has twice passed the Senate
of the United States, having for its object the
reimbursement of the State of Kansas for an
expenditure of $259,000 made under the order
of the Federal commander at that time, the
late Major General Curtis, to repel the inva-
sion of the rebel General Price, near the close
of the late rebellion. I say that this bill 
The hour of half past four o'clock p. m.
having arrived, the committee rose informally,
the Speaker resumed the chair, and the House
took a recess till half past six o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled agreeably to order
at half past six o'clock p. m.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The business in order
during the first hour of this evening's session
is business of the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
abigail dick.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee oulnvalid
Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2016)
granting a pension to Abigail Dick; which
was read a first and second time
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Abigail Dick, mother by adoption
of Elijah R. Dicli, alias Richard Clemens, late
a private in company E, fifteenth regiment
United States infantry, and pay her a pension
at the rate of eight dollars per month, com-
mencing November 14, 1863.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOSEPH WHEAT.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on In vat id
Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2017)
granting a pension to Joseph Wheat*, which
was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and .limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Joseph Wheat, late a private of
Company E, fifteenth regiment West Virginia
volunteers, and pay him a pension commencing
August 9, 1865.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. Ai iLLER moved to reconsider the vote
