1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOW.
loot
political privileges that belong to any class in
society. Tlien the court proceeded to say that
although that is true, the highest privileges
belonging to any class in society are not ex-
tended to females, and therefore the qualifi-
cation as to females is made in this general
right upon the same legal principle that it is
made as to idiots and insane persons, not that
a female is necessarily like either, but I am
speaking in a mere legal sense, as a court
would construe it. So, therefore, without at
this hour in the day taxing the patience of
those who listen to me by going into the legal
and logical argument that can be made and
that is made by the courts to deny the right to
vote to females, while they assert and maintain
that it is an essential and indispensable con-
stituent of the right of manhood citizenship,
I refer my friend to those judicial decisions to
show that there is comprehended in the very
name of citizen in this country, truly and rightly
considered and adjudicated, the same great
and all-embracing powers that in ancient times
applied to a Roman citizen.
Mr. HOWE. But I wish, if my friend will
allow me, to ask him if the decision of the
supreme court of Kentucky, to which he refers,
pronounced twenty-five years ago, is not re-
versed by this very clause of the Constitution,
which says that all persons born or naturalized
in the U nited States and subject to the jurisdic-
tion thereof are citizens of the United States
and of the States in which they reside.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not reversed at all; forthat
is exactly what the decision holds. It holds that
everybody, subject to the qualification I have
named, is a citizen of the country for that pur-
pose; that there belongs to everybody who, as
a part of the highest class in eommunity,_ may
exercise political privileges, equal political
rights ; and therefore, as the case was in Ken-
tucky, a male person cannot be a citizen unless,
being a citizen, he has breathed into him at the
same moment with the fact that he is a citizen
the right to vote. That is perhaps a sufficient
definition of citizenship in the narrow sense we
are now speaking of, as distinguishing between
the rights of citizens, rather than defining what
they are. A citizen is a person in community
who, other things being equal, is invested with
all the privileges that belong to the highest
class in community, by whatever name you
may call them.
1 admit that this method of argument to
show that a citizen must necessarily possess
the privileges that belong to the highest class,
and that that is the true definition of the term,
and at the same time to hold that that does
not comprehend an adult female, is a somewhat
artificial and, philosophically speaking, a some-
what unsound argument; but I say that judi-
cial decisions have determined that these are
the qualities that inhere in the very nature and
definition of citizenship as applied to_ the po-
litical subjects which relate to any citizenship
at all, and that this qualification, as I call it,
is equally well settled.
We may, therefore, set aside, for the purpose
of considering what I am speaking of, the
question whether by a true and philosophical
construction of the definition of the term "cit-
izen," a female would be entitled to vote or
not. That is not the question now before us.
I should not cry very much if we could extend
the true and philosophic idea of citizenship to
giving females the right to vote. I think they
* would vote quite as well as we do if they would
only go and do it. The great difficulty that I
have on that question—but I am not going into
a dissertation on it—is that I am very much
afraid when it is extended to them all the bad
women will vote and the good women will stay
at home. It is somewhat so with men. The
non-voting class in a community, as you and I
well know, sir, who are entitled to vote, as a
rule are those who, when they would go and
vote, would exercise the most salutary and
beneficial influence upon society; and they
commit crime, in a certain sense, against so-
ciety if they do not do it. You never see a
bad man or a wicked man or a man who is a
tool in the hands of somebody else absent from
the polls on election day. He is there and
counts to the last vote, lit is not so with the
other class of the community. That is a defect
in the men who compose and should rule and
control our institutions. But that is apart from
my present purpose.
All that 1 wish to say, and I may as well say
it now as to wait until the last moment when
we come to the final vote, is that I deprecate
the attempt on the part of the Republican party
to pass this constitutional amendment because
we get no aid from anybody else. Those who
carry the name of Democrats, who talk the
most before the people about the equality of
men and the largest liberty, the freedom of
the ballot, and all that, are found resisting, if
they can, the security of that liberty or the
extension of that ballot. I say, then, that I
deprecate the party which is charged with
securing these ,rights to the citizens'of the
United States, departing, as it seems to me,
from a safe and secure position, resting on
" the Constitution as it is," as the Democratic
phrase used to be, where I believe under the
authority of a law of Congress, not enlarging
the Constitution but merely enforcing its guar-
antees, you can give the ballot to every man
in the Union, and sailing away upon an un-
known sea of experiment and hope and_ uncer-
tainty in time and in result, and leaving the
country to suppose, and leaving the courts to
suppose when it comes to thein, that you have
given a legislative interpretation against the
existence of any such privilege under the Con-
stitution as it is. ifou will, therefore, have
given up a reasonable and a moral certainty
that you have in your grasp for an uncertainty
that as you chase it will go further and further
away. I am in favor, as undoubtedly every
man who hears me knows, of the object that
these amendments wish to attain.
Mr. WARNER. I will ask the Senator from
Vermont how long he thinks it would be before
the construction which he gives to the Consti-
tution, namely, that the right to vote and hold
office inure to citizenship, would be so far
enforced as to practically give to every citizen
the right to vote and hold office ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that depends upon
the courageous fortitude and the vigorous, ag-
gressive assertion of that right under the Con-
stitution that the two Houses of Congress may
show. I believe if we were to pass a law under
the fourteenth article of amendment which
should assert and put into practical operation
what I believe to be the true spirit and life of
it, that it would not be two years, or one year,
before in three fourths of the States—more than
you can get in one year or ten years for any
new amendment of the Constitution it would
be an accomplished fact.
Mr. HOWE. What do you want of a statute ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. We do not want anything
of a statute except merely to put into practical
operation by the will of the law-making power
of the nation, and by, therefore, the adminis-
trative functions of its officers, the life that is
contained in the Constitution, just as we want
a law to enforce a hundred provisions of the
existing Constitution, and as we have it.
Mr. HOWE. But I wish to ask my friend
if the function that he speaks of is not ip the
individual voter himself, and his right being
secure of that, if the local law does not provide
all the opportunities to enforce it; whether
those two things do not make the right com-
PlMr! EDMUNDS. Unquestionably the right
is complete. I hope my friend does not sup-
pose that I am arguing to show_ that anything
remains to give a right to a citizen to vote, it
that article can bear that construction. What
I say is, that, as it seems, in the States these
qualifications and exclusions are kept uf), as i
am proud to say they never were in mine, it
needs the sharp stick of intervention to put the
Constitution in force, as it required the sharp
stick of intervention to put it in force in South
Carolina when Mr. Hoar went down there in
order to give some rights to citizens and was
driven away. It requires intervention, sir, not
intervention above the law, or in spite of the
law, but intervention in the name of the law,
and with the law sa the swo?d.
My. FOWLER. Before the Senator leaves
that point I should like to ask hina a question
to see whether I understand him. .Turning to
the first section of the fourteenth article I find
that it provides that the individual shall pos;
sess all the rights and privileges of the highest
class, and then that all persons born or natu-
ralised in the United States shall possess all the
rights that the highest class possess, including
the right to vote. Is that his interpretation of
that article ?
Mr, EDMUNDS. I have substantially an-
swered that question. I should weary the
patience of the Senate were I to repeat it.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not wish the Senator
to repeat it. I simply wanted to know whether
that was his interpretation. I could not under-
stand him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I would be happy to an-
swer my friend again at length if the time and
latience of the Senate would permit me; but I
lave substantially answered that already, and
I will only occupy the attention of the Senate
for a moment or two more.
As I was saying, sir, what I deprecate is—
although I am heartily, as I suppose every
person who hears me is in favor of the object
that we are seeking to obtain—that it appears
to my humble apprehension that in endeavor-
ing to reach that object, to attain that great
and beneficent practical end, we are turning
our back upon the point of destination and
walking directly away from it. That is the
difficulty with me. We are making progress
backward ; because as will be claimed, not as
I confess with true argument and philosophy,
but with a claim that it will be found impossi-
ble to resist, we are going away from that
which is secured to ns to that which is far from
being secure, but is among the most uncertain
of all things.
Now, sir, where is the great stress at this
moment to reach the practical end? In all the
southern States where the great body of this
disfranchised class or race now are I mean
disfranchised practically—they have acquired
a right to vote under local constitutions, to say
nothing of tlie fourteenth article ; and they will
never lose it except through a convulsion as
great as any we have lived to witness. History
does not record an instance where any class or
race, however inferior gentlemen may suppose
them to be, however ignorant they may be,
have ever given up or lost political privileges
they had once attained, except through the con-
vulsions of revolution and anarchy. These
people, therefore, in these ten States will main-
tain the practical exercise of the right to which
thev have recently been admitted, and there is
no "danger whatever except through the con-
vulsion to which I have referred, and against
that you have the constitutional power ot the
whole nation which you are bound to exercise,
that they will go backward. On the contrary,
as they assist to mold the institutions their
own institutions will assist to elevate them, as
thev have all other men who entered upon the
race of civilized life. They will go .forward if
you let them alone, instead of going backward.
Where, then, is the pressing necessity?
There are a few thousand disfranchised m
New York; there are a few thousand m Con-
necticut; there are a few thousand in Mary-
land and Kentucky : a few here and a few there,
a mere fraction in the great mass ot the nation.
Not that I would not do everything to glve
them the practical rights that their brethren
have in other States, but I say the pressure
upon us now, as a, practical question, is not so
great, as it seems to me, as to drive us away
from the experiment of congressional interven-
tion under the Constitution that we have broad
enough and strong enough to uphold it, to the
untried, and to me the somewhat hopeless
experiment of undertaking to reaffirm the same
doctrine in new language and under new con-
ditions. If we wait for a constitutional enact-
