52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
Ohio, at the city of Louisville, to which refer-
ence. has been made in this discussion; but
I presume, sir, that the railroad interests of
the country will have sufficient influence to
obtain from Congress and from the Legis-
latures of the States legislation sufficient to
enable them to bridge that river at almost any
point they choose. At all events, I think I am
justified in making this statement, from the
history of these bridge questions before Con-
gress and before the State Legislatures.
If, therefore, we are to have bridges, it is
important, at least to those I represent, that
they shall be constructed in a manner that
will produce the least possible obstruction to
the navigation of that great river. As at pres-
ent advised I should not vote under any cir-
cumstances for a bill allowing a bridge to be
constructed across that river of a span less
than five hundred feet. I am told that bridges
can be constructed with a span of less length,
and if' properly constructed the injury to the
navigation of the river would be very slight
indeed. It may be that bridges might be con-
structed with a less span than five hundred
feet, hut that is a subject which I believe has
not been fully investigated here ; at least it is
a subject which the public has not very ma-
turely considered as yet; it is a subject upon
which comparatively few persons have inform-
ation.
In view, then, of this position of things, I
know of nothing better to be done than to
appoint a commission, as I am informed this
bill proposes to do, to investigate this subject
and to determine how much span is required
for any of the points at which it is proposed
to build bridge-.. 11, therefore, we cannot de-
feat this leji.-il 11 mil winch we believe to be
injurious to the commerce of the Ohio river, I
think we should do the next best thing, and
mitigate the evil, so far as we are able to do
so. After hearing both sides of the question
1 am prepared, contrary to my first impression,
to support this bill and to vote against its ref-
erence, because I believe that in the present
condition of'the legislation of the country, and
considering the fact that this is the short ses-
sion of Congress, to refer this bill is practically
to defeat it.
Mr. RANDALL. It seems to me, with the
slight information I have been able to obtain
during the discussion of this question at this
time, that this is a most important subject. As
has been stated, it is in some degree a conflict
between the river navigation arid the railroad
transportation of the West. It therefore in-
volves immense interests, and should have due
and full consideration from this House before
we here, as the Representatives of the people,
place it beyond our power to remedy any wrong
which may result from legislation. Therefore,
as the safe course, as the proper course to pur-
sue, 1 shall vote for a reference of this bill, so
that a proper and appropriate committee of
this House may have an opportunity to exam-
ine the subject and to report thereupon. The
proper committee, as 1 understand it, is the
Committee on Roads and Canals—a committee
constituted undei the rules of this House, and
to which the consideration of this subject
properly belongs. In iny opinion no interest
can possibly suffer by a short delay, which will
give an opportunity for examination, so that
great and material interests of this country
may not be injured by precipitating indiscieet
action on our part. As one of the Represent-
atives of parlies who maybe more or less inter-
ested in this matter. I desire that a reference
shall be made, and that the subject may be
fully examined and reported upon.
Mr, CLAKIvE, of Ohio. I do not know
what danger there may be in this bill, and I do
not know but I may ultimately support it.
Put if ;his proposed commission should be
raised it would perhaps 'tend in some degree
to change the action oi'Congress, and we might
ultimately find ourselves in tnis condition : with
the Ohio bridged from PitU'oijrg 'to its caouth
with bridges of three hundred feet spa'ij]"' The
.river is now very largely used for floating ten!
transporting merchandise in masses of large
bulk, which, in that case, would be rendered
impossible. And if we deprive it of that ca-
pacity we will destroy a very important interest
of the western country, and especially of south-
western Ohio. When this commission shall
have been appointed it will probably go out to
the Ohio river, and be there visited by those in
favor of the one and the other scheme of
bridging the river, and its recommendations
would tend to influence the minds of those who
arenotfamiliar with the capacity of that stream
and the purposes for which nature seems to
have designed it.
I am opposed to any bridge being con-
structed over that river with a span of less
than five hundred feet, and I hope the time
will come when the bridges already con-
structed will be required to extend their spans
to that length. Those familiar with the navi-
gation of that river know that those bridges
already erected are a serious detriment to the
navigation. The coal transportation down the
river is seriously impeded by them, and in
consequence of the increased difSeulty of navi-
gation the price of coal all along the lower
part of the river is largely enhanced. An
ordinary fleet of boats loaded with coal can-
not pass at night through the spaces afforded
by those bridges, but must tie up till day-
light 
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. Iwould
like to ask the gentleman what is the usual
width of the coal-tows passing down the river ?
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. 1 understand that
they go down sometimes with a front of two
hundred and fifty feet.
Mr. ITUBBARD, of West Virginia. The
gentleman's information is very different from
mine. I understand that they never run more
than four barges abreast, each barge being
from twenty-five to thirty feet m width, making
a total breadth of one hundred to one hun-
dred and twenty feet.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. I know that fleets
arriving in the night at one of those bridges
are frequently obliged to tie up till daylight
in order to go through safely ; and if they arrive
at the time of a slight storm on the river, they
are compelled to await a calm to pass through
with safety. This is a specimen of the obstruc-
tion experienced on that river by a species of
navigation which is of the utmost importance.
Mr. MILLER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether there is on that river any bridge
with a span such as he advocates?
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. There is at Cin-
cinnati a bridge with a span of one thousand
feet—a substantial bridge capable of bearing
any required burden ; a structure which is not
only no embarrassment, to the river, but an
embellishment to it. if the railroad companies
would construct such spans as that they would
have all the facilities they can reasonably
desire, while the navigation of the river would
not be interfered with.
Mr. MILLER. Is that a railroad bridge, or-
is it used only by foot passengers, carriages, Ac.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. The street cars
pass over it. and it is hourly subjected to greater
weight, than would pass overany railroad bridge
that might be constructed on the river either
above or below that point There is no question
about the practicability of constructing such a
span ; there is no question about its ability to
bear all the burden required for railroad trans-
portation. The only question is that of cost.
Shall we sacrifice the navigation of that great
river for the sake of saving a few thousand
dollars to certain railroad corporations? I
trust not; and of all corporations save us from
that to which the gentleman from West Vir-
ginia has alluded—a corporation thatnow holds
within its grasp so large a portion of the carry-
ing and passenger trade of the country, and to
whose control I hope-we shall not much longer
be required to submit. I am willing to give
to these railroad corporations every facility
which they can reasonably ask ; but I do not
want to surrender to their control interests of
Stxdh.gra.jg importance to every man, woman,
and child in the country. Why, sir, the fuel
that is to warm the people of southern Ohio
depends upon the free navigation of that river ;
and if we authorize the construction of these
bridges with but three hundred feet span 1 can-
not tell the extent of the injurious conse-
quences which may result. Whatever may be
done I trust we shall not allow a span of less
than five hundred feet upon that river.
Mr. DKLANO. Mr. Speaker, I do notven-
ture to express any opinion as to the practica-
bility of erecting a railroad bridge with a five
hundred feet span so as to be safe for passen-
gers. I do not profess to have sufficient knowl-
edge as to the science of bridge-building^ to
undertake to say whether with a span of five
hundred feet there would be such security to
the lives of railroad travelers as to justify the
attempt. But as it is a new experiment I sub-
mit that legislators, before giving their sanc-
tion to such an experiment, should be well
advised that it can probably be made success-
ful; for it would be unfortunate if we should
have to learn by the sacrifice of human life
that such a span cannot be built with safety to
travel. So inueh I desire to say because the
object of this bill is to establish hereafter a
span of five hundred feet and to hazard the
lives of travelers by an affirmative decision as
to the practicability of such a span with a
proper regard to safety.
Last session there was introduced in this
House, and considered under the operation of
the previous question, a resolution proposing
to require in the construction hereafter of
bridges across the Ohio river a spau of five
hundred feet. Why the Ohio river was specially
selected, and why the rule was made applica-
ble to future bridges, when there was then in
progress at Louisville, low down on the Ohio,
a bridge with a span of four hundred feet, I
could not comprehend, unless the object was
to force railroad travel across the Ohio at that
point to the advantage of certain railroad in-
terests on the other side of the river and in an
easterly direction. I fought that proposition,
but it was passed and went to t^>e Senate, and
the result is, I believe, the proposition now
before us.
Now, what is this proposition ? Let us look
at it for a single moment. It is that a com-
mission shall be appointed to inquire what
span ought to be adopted on the Ohio river,
still confining this enterprise to that river, while
all along the great Mississippi, which lies west
of the Ohio, no such experiment is to be made
and no such plan is to be adopted. I leave
members to inquire why it is confined to the
Ohio river. I do not understand it. But not
only is it confined to the Ohio, but this bill
contains a provision that the four hundred feet
span at Louisville may continue. The work on
all the rest of the bridges must be suspended
and be postponed indefinitely, waiting the slow
progress of this commission. It is an insid-
ious, indirect way of accomplishing what a
straightforward fight could not accomplish, and
what the parties who sought to accomplish by
a straightforward fight were defeated in. It is
an outrage that the fine bridge atStenhenville,
near the district of my colleague, [Mr. Bixg-
ham,] should be subject to the criticism of this
question of four hundred or five hundred feet
span, while you permit a bridge to lie built
near the mouth of the river with a span of four
hundred feet. It is an outrage that ought not
to be perpetrated by this Congress.
I trust, therefore, with this simple state-
ment of the question, that the House will refer
the matter to one of its committees. My col-
league [Mr. Bixoham] has pressed its reference
to the Committee on Roads and Canais. That
is the legitimate committee to take charge of
the question, in my opinion. I think we shall
have from that committee a recommendation
of some action not dictated by local interest
or corporate interest, but which shall rest
upon sound principles of equity and justice.
I feel sure, if the House can understand this
question, the reference will be ojade without
hesitation,
