1004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February^
here.in the passage of the fourteenth amend-
ment ; when I re member that it was announeetl
upon this floor by more than one gentleman,
and contradicted and denied by no one so far
as I recollect, that that amendment did not
confer the right of voting upon anybody, J say
I am surprised that such a position should be
taken at this late hour inthe debate. There is
no doubt won the question. It was the under-
standing o f CpBgress and of the people of this
country that that amendment did not confer and
did not seek to confer any right to vote upon
any citizen of the United States. That amend-
ment was passed after the passage of the civil
rights bill. Thai; law had not been carried oat.
It had not been enforced. It was passed also
for the purpose of deciding once and forever
that the emancipated slave was a citizen of the
TJnited States. There .were other reasons which
entered into the consideration of that question.
But.that it conferred the right to vote was dis-
tinctly disclaimed on this floor in the caucus
which has been alluded to here to-night; and,
for one, I am not willing to have it go out from
this Senate that we passed that amendment
understanding that it conferred any right to
vote.
I wish to say," "Mr. President, that this new
development in .this debate is calculated to
defeat any action of Congress on this.subject.
It is calculated to defeat the proposed constitu-
tional amendment. I do not presume that that
is the object of the Senator from Vermont;
bat I do believe that the debate will be prose-
cuted upon this line of argument for the purpose
of defeating the amendment, and I want the
country to understand it. It is for that reason
mainly that I rise to enter my protest against
any such construction being put upon that four-
teenth article of amendment as derived from
the understanding of those who passed it in
this branch and the other branch of Congress.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, in consequence
of bad health, I hoped and almost prayed last
night, to myself, that the Senate would adjourn,
so that I might be able to enter upon this dis-
cussion. I rise now simply to state what I
consider the facts iri regard to the point at issue
at the present time.
I introduced the first bill into the Senate of
the United States to enforce suffrage in every
State, North as well as South, Bast as well as
West, by congressional enactment. The bill
of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sc hi-
ker,] as he himself stated, in a speech at the
time or contemporaneous with the fact, referred
simply to the States lately in rebellion. Be-
fore the adoption by the States of the fourteenth
article of amendment, I maintained the posi-
tion that when by the war the slaves became
free they became citizens; that a man who
was free was a citizen, whether he was white
or black; that the color of the skin made no
difference. I assumed that by the amendment
to the Constitution abolishing slavery, the slaves
being made free became citizens entitled to all
the rights, civil and political, of other Ameri-
can citizens. I maintained that if the offspring
of a man from a foreign country became a citi-
zen and entitled to vote, because a man hap-
pened to be born in America and was black,
that did not disfranchise him. That was the
point which I made, that if the child of a man
from China or from any foreign country in vir-
tue of his father's naturalization became at the
age of twenty-one a citizen, the child of an
American born freeman, whether he was black
or white, became a citizen; and if the child of
an emigrant from a foreign soil was entitled to
vote at the age of twenty-one, the child of an
American-bora citizen ought to be entitled to
vote at the age of twenty-one, although God
in His providence had burnt upon his com-
plexion a different h«e from that with which
he had endowed us, as we call ourselves, more
favored people.
I took that ground, and I have maintained it
to this day, and I believe it will yet be adopted
by the American people; because I have not
as much faith as some gentlemen have that this
constitutional amendmentwillever be adopted.
I shall vote for it, however.; and there I par),
with my friend, the Senator from Massachu-
setts ; for if I cannot obtain what I" aimed a.t
when I first entered the Senate of the.United
States, I can see no inconsistency in attempt-,
ing to secure by a constitutional amendment
what I have failed to secure by-whafc I consider
a proper interpretation of .the Constitution of.
the United States.
. • J maintain, thep, that by the abolition of
slavery four million slaves were upon our
hands, and they and. their children were as
free as you, sir, and your children, or me and
mine ; and sp they were in the sight of law, of
reason, of Heaven, and of earth. That prop-
osition cannot be denied by any man unless he
makes color the distinction, for the circum-
stances are the same. They are born in the
same land, born free under the same institu-
tions, under the same circumstances ; and I
defy human power to see a distinction unless
it. is the color of the skin, or unless it is upon
the principle of the Dred Scott decision, that
because a man has been a slave therefore he
is to be excluded from the benefits and privi-
leges of civil and political society.
On this ground I then asserted the broad and
bold proposition that being a citizen, although
he was black, he was entitled to vote just as
much as though he were white. The white
citizen was entitled to vote. Nobody denies
that. Then, was not the black citizen entitled
to vote ? I am utterly unable to see the differ-
ence between the two unless the prejudice of
caste still hung around the Republican party,
recognizing the same feeling and prejudice of
caste that is now recognized by my friends on
the other side of the Chamber.
Becoming citizens, there was a clause in the
Constitution giving Congress the power to
enforce by appropriate legislation the abolition
of slavery. I contended that the abolition of
slavery conferred citizenship. It was not the
mere act of emancipation. Mere emancipa-
tion would be a curse to the African, and a
living shame upon the age in which we live if
we would deprive them of the kind protection
of a master—and I know they were kind in
most instances, for I am a southern man and
the son of a slaveholder—and then send them
forth with every man their enemy and call it
freedom 1 To say that the African should only
have his civil rights without his political rights
would be worse than slavery.
That was the first point upon which I based
the very lengthy argument I then made as
showing that Congress already had power to
grant them the ballot. Then the second point I
made was, that the citizens of each State had
the same right in every other State; arguing
that if a man could vote in New Hampshire
or Massachusetts or New York, he had the
same right in Illinois, under the Constitution
of the United States. The third point upon
which I based my argument was, that it was
the duty of Congress to guaranty a republican
form of government to every State, maintain-
ing, as I did, that no Government was repub-
lican even in form unless it was a Govern-
ment of the people, the whole people, by the
people and for the people ; not of a part of
the people, but of all the people. I took the
position that that alone, according to my
notion, was a republican form of government.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hemdkicks]
remembers that he himself propounded to me,
as I recollect very well, perplexing questions
at the time. As I have said, that was my thjrd
position; the fathers had inserted in the Con-
stitution that it was the duty of Congress to
guaranty to every State a republican form of
government, and I insisted that that clause
meant something. I said that these were no
idle words in the Constitution of the United
States; that they meant something or they
meant nothing. The only question, then, was
whether that was a republican form of govern-
ment or not in which colored citizens were
excluded from voting. And here arose the
great debate. The bill which I introduced, as
you will remember, sir, received only four
vpte,$. Afterward, in the discussion o f tho
fourteenth article, the question arose as toiho
rights .of citizens and who, was a citizen--
That question w,as .discussed at great length.
My.distinguished colleague read authority after
authority to .show that to be a citizen was to be
invested merely with civil and hot with political
rights, although some of the authorities which
he introduced, as I understood them, went
rather tp sustain thet view that they were ,to.
have. political as well as civil rights. When
the question came up on the consideration' of
the fourteenth amendment a debate aiose as to
who were citizens. -It was a long and elaborate
debate. Authorities were produced to show
that under the civil law a citizen was ijot in-
vested with- political rights. It was said that
the African had the right to acquire property,,
to testify ini the courts of justjee, to sue .and
be sued, to plead and be impleaded, but that
he had no right to vote. And, after a long
debate it was decided by the Senate upon that
interpretation.  
I shall most cheerfully vote for the amend-"
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts, for
my faith remains unchanged. I believe, that
is the only way ; 110,1 will not say the oply
way, but probably the surest way by which we
shall accomplish our purpose will be to'assert
that which the Constitutioi) of the United States
meant to assert. It meant to assert the prin-
ciples of the Declaration, of American Inde-
pendence. The Constitution of' the United
States was made and framed by the men who
framed and made the Declaration of Independ-
ence ; and if they did not in the Constitution
of the United States carry out the principles
contained in the Declaration of Independence,
then history does not do them justice, because
they never by any act that we know of in his-
tory ignored the principles of the Declaration
of American Independence. Not in the Con-
stitution of the United States, not in any act of
Congress, did they ever ignore the Declaration
of American Independence, which proclaimed
the great doctrine which we stand maintain-
ing to-day, that all men are created, not by
man but by God himself, equal and entitled to
equal rights and privileges. I repeat again,
that by a most lengthy and elaborate argument
my colleague maintained the contrary ground,
which was confirmed by the solemn verdict
and decision of the Senate. That decision, as
I think, was contrary to every rule of fair inter-
pretation, contrary to the principles of the
common law; ami it was that a citizen was uot,
as such, entitled to vote. Sir, the badge of an
American citizen is the right to deposit his
ballot in the ballot-box. When I was a young
man waiting and craving to cast my vote for
Henry Clay I never felt that I wore the badge of
an American citizen till I arrived at the age of
twenty-one years and could deposit that ballot.
This was the position which the Republican
party should have taken. It was the clear,
straightforward, honest way to accomplish a
great purpose. I merely say that in the hour
of peril they lacked the nerve, as they nevaf
before had in my recollection of the history of
this party. There, in the Constitution of the
United States, written plainly as the stars upon
the sky, is the power of Congress to proclaim
citizenship—the right to'vote in every State of
this Union, North, South, East, and West—as
plainly as any amendment you may adopt can
get it there. I shall vote for your amend-
ments, but they are surplusage so far as a fair,
correct, legal, judicial understanding of the
powers in the Constitution is concerned.
Mr. President, come in whatever way it may,
if not in my way, by congressional enactment,
then by amendment to the Constitution—come
suffrage, come free ballot, come liberty—come
enfranchisement in any manner, shape, or
form, and I welcome it with open arms. Sen-
ators talk of a fourteen years' contest. Why,
sir, I am astonished that the Senator frorri
Massachusetts should talk of a fourteen years'
fight, when, sir, you remember that so far as
you are concerned it has been a twenty-five
years' fight.
