1756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1 j
applications for pay, bounty, pension, prize-
money, or other moneys in behalf of colored
claimants, with the evidence necessary to the
correct settlement of the claim, shall be ren-
dered direct to the office of the Commissioner
of the Freedmen's Bureau for preliminary ex-
amination ; that the correctness of the appli-
cation and that thepartyclaimingisthe proper
claimant shall then be certified to, when the
papers shall be forwarded to the bureau to
which they pertain for examination and settle-
ment of tlie claim ; and no claim suspected of
being fraudulent shall be settled upon any ap-
plication now pending in any bureau, filed by
attorneys; but the attorneys filing them sliall
be required to present new applications and
submit them to the Commissioner of the Freed-
men's Bureau to be examined and disposed of
by him the same as original applications under
such rules and regulations as he may prescribe.
The eleventh section provides thatall officers
and agents disbursing money or certifying the
correctness of claims under this act shall give
bond to the Treasury Department in sucb sum
as the Second Auditor, Second Comptroller,
and Commissioner of Pensions may direct for
\he faithful performance of their trust, and for
the reimbursement of money paid upon claims
certified by them which may be ascertained to
tave been paid to any party not entited thereto ;
provided that the Secretary of the Treasury,
mpon the recommendation of the Second Aud-
itor, Second Comptroller, Commissioner of
Pensions, and Solicitor of the Treasury, may
grant relief upon the bonds in such cases as
are deemed by them equitable and just.
The twelfth section provides that all uncalled
for moneys shall be disposed of as provided in
the act approved March 2, 1867, entitled " An
act to regulate the disposition of an irregular
fund in the custody of the Freedmen's Bu-
reau ; " and that the officers and agents giving
bonds as provided in the preceding section of
this act shall be allowed such additional com-
pensation, to be paid from the uncalled for
f unds, as the Commissioner of the Freedmen's
Uineaii, the Secretary of War, and the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may fix and establish.
The thirteenth section provides that sections
twelve and thirteen of an act entitled "An act
supplementary to an act entitled ' An act to
grant pensions, approved July 14, 1862, ' " ap-
proved July 4, 1864, be, and the same are
hereby, amended and reenacted so as to read as
follows:
That the fees of agents and attorneys for writing
*-ut and eausing to be executed the papers necessary
to establisti an original or a suspended or rejected
claim for pension and other allowance before the
Pension Office, or for procuring a pension by special
act of Congress, shall not exceed the following rates :
for making out and causing to be duly executed a
declaration by tho applicant, with necessary affida-
vit-. and forwarding the same to tho Pension Office,
with the requisite correspondence, ten dollars ; which
sum shall be received by such agent or attorney in
lull tin all services in obtaining such pension, and
shall not bo demanded or received in whole or in
part until the certificate for sucli pension shall be
obtained.
The section provides that the sixth and sev-
enth sections of an act entitled "An act to
grant pensions," approved July 14, 1862, are
hereby repealed.
The fourteenth section provides that any
agent or attorney who shall directly or indi-
rectly demand or receive any greater compen-
sation for his services than is prescribed in the
preceding section, or who shaft contract or
agree to prosecute an original or a suspended
or rejected claim for a pension, bounty, or
other allowance, on the condition that he shall
receive a per cent, upon the amount of such
claim, or who shall wrongfally withhold from
a pensioner or other claimant the whole or
any part of the pension or claim allowed and
due to such pensioner or claimant, shall be
deemed guilty of a high misdemeanor, and
upon conviction thereof shall, for every such
offense, be fined not exceeding $300, or im-
prisoned at hard labor not exceeding two
years, or both, according to the circumstances
?nil aggravations of the offense.
The fifteenth section provides that section
two of an act entitled "An act supplementary
to the several acts relating to pensions," ap-
proved June 6, 1866, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed, and the following shall stand
in lieu thereof:
That any pledge, mortgage, sale, assignment, or
transfer of any right, claim, or interest in any pen-
sion not included in the fee prescribed in the prece-
ding sections, which has been or may hereafter be
granted, shall be void and of-.no effect; and any per-
son acting as attorney to receive and receipt for
money not included in such fee for and in behalf of
any person entitled to a pension shall, before re-
ceiving said money, take and subscribe an oath, to
be filed with the pension agent, and by him to be
transmitted, with the vouchers now required by law,
to the proper accounting officer of the Treasury, that
he has no interest in said money, not included in the
fee prescribed in the preceding sections, by any
pledge, mortgage, sale, assignment, or transfer, and
that he does not know or believe that the same has
been so disposed of to any person; and any person
who shall falsely take the said oath shall be guilty
of perjury, and on conviction shall be liable to the
pains and penalties of perjury.
The sixteenth section provides that section
four of an act entitled "An actsupplementary
to an act entitled 'An act to grant pensions,'''
approved July 14, 1864, be, and the same is
hereby, so amended as to empower the clerks
detailed by the Commissioner of Pensions in
accordance with said section to investigate any
violations of the pension laws by any of the
agents or employes of the Government or at-
torneys, claim agents, examining surgeons, or
claimants; and for such purposes to examine
persons, books, papers, accounts, and prem-
ises, to administef oaths, to summon any per-
son to produce books and papers, or to appear
and testify under oath, and to compel a com-
pliance with such summons in the same man-
ner as United States commissioners may do.
The seventeenth section provides that sec-
tion nine of an act entitled "An act supple-
mentary to an act entitled 'An act to grant
pensions,'approved July 14, 1862," approved
July 4, 1864, be amended and reenacted so as
to read as follows :
That those persons, not enlisted soldiers in the
Army, who volunteered for the time being to serve
with any regularly organized military or naval force
of the United States, or where persons otherwise vol-
unteered and rendered service in any engagement
with rebels or Indians since tho 4th day of March,1861,
shall, if they have been disabled in consequence of
wouDds received in battle, or who were captured in
such temporary service and disabled from disease
contracted in rebel prisons, be entitled to the same
benefits of the pension laws as those who have been
regularly mustered into the United States service;
and the widows or other dependents of any such per-
sons as may have been killed in the temporary ser-
vice aforesaid or who were capturcd in such service
and died in rebel prisons shall be entitled to pen-
sions in the same manner as they would have been
had such persons been regularly mustered: Provided,
That no claim under this section shall be valid unless
presented and prosecuted to a successful issue within
five years from and after the passage of this act.
The eighteenth section repeals all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with the foregoing
provisions of this act.
Mr. PERHA1I. 1 have been instructed by
th . Committee on Pensions to move some ver-
bal amendments to section thirteen of this bill,
so that it will read as follows:
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That sections
twelve and thirteen of an act entitled "An act sup-
plementary to an act entitled 'An act to grant pen-
sions, approved July 14,1862,'" approved July 4,1861,
be, and the same are hereby, amended and reenacted
so as to read as follows: That the fees of agents and
attorneys for writing out and causing to bo executed
the papers necessary to establish an original or a
suspended or rejected claim for pension and other
allowance before the Pension Office, or for procuring
a pension by special act of Congress, with necessary
affidavits, and forwarding the same with the requisite
correspondence, shall not exceed ten dollars: which
sum shall be received by such agent or attorney in
full for all services in obtaining such pension, and
shall not be demanded or received, in whole or in
part, until the certificate for such pension shall be
obtained. And the sixth and seventh sections of an
act entitled "An act to grant pensions," approved
July 14,1862, is hereby repealed.
It will be noticed, Mr. Speaker, that there
is very little time left in which to dispose of
this bill. If we do not dispose of it between
now and half past seven o'clock that will be the
last of the bill for this Congress.
And allow me to say right here, before we
proceed any further, that in addition to the
particular sections to which I have already
referred there are other sections in regard to
frauds that are being committed against the
Government. I desire to state the charactes
of those frauds. They obtain chiefly in con-
nection with the claims made by the widows of
colored soldiers for bounties and for pensions.
Facts have recently been developed going to
show that certain claim agents in different parts
of the country where these colored people are
located have obtained possession of company
rolls, by which they have been able to ascer-
tain what colored men have died or been killed
while in the military service of the United
States. Having done that they select certain
names, and in reference to each one they adopt
this plan of operations: they call in one of
their runners and say to him, "Can you find
a widow for this colored man ?'' To which he
replies, "Yes, I guess lean." Then they give
him three or four dollars and he goes out and
finds some ignorant colored woman, who is
induced to go into the claim agent's office and
there to affix her mark to some paper Which is
read to her perhaps in part, and which is a
declaration that she is the widow of such or
such a colored man who was killed or who died
of disease while in the service. And some
instances have come to light in which the
woman has been questioned a half an hour
afterward as to the name of her husband or the
man whose widow she personated and she was
unable to tell his name.
And it has been ascertained from an examina-
tion of claims filed in the Second Auditor's office
that one man has certified that he was present
at the marriages of eighty of these widows who
have made these claims; and he also declares
that he was present at the death of all the hus-
bands of these eighty claimants. There have
recently been filed in the Second Auditor's office
some eight or ten thousand of these claims, of
which it is estimated that at least three fourthsare
forgeries. And what is worse, when the money
is paid on these claims it does not go to these
colored widows except to a very small extent ;
but these claim agents manage to retain nearly
the whole of it by charging the most exorbi-
tant interest, sometimes upon money they may
have advanced three, four, or five hundred
per cent., and also by making extraordinary
charges for their services. In that way they
manage to retain in their possession nearly the
whole of the money paid on these claims.
If no steps are taken to correct these evils
the Commissioner of Pensions and the Sec-
ond Auditor of the Treasury Department will
be obliged to shut down upon these colored
claimants emtirely and refuse to settle any of
them, although many of them may he merito-
rious, or they will be obliged to pay the claims
that are founded upon fraudulent papers.
Now, the provisions of this bill, as members
who have noticed its reading will have ob-
served, is calculated, so far as the Committee
on Pensions were able to devise, and so far as
the Second Auditor's office and the Pension
Office have advised us in regard to this bill, to
prevent such frauds as I have described. That
is the general purpose of this bill in that
respect.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the amendments of the committee will be re-
garded as agreed to.
There was no objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. I infer that the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Perham] intends to call the
previous question on this bill. I ask him to
allow me before he does that to submit an
amendment to strike out all of the twelfth
section after the word "bureau,'' in the fifth
line. The portion which I propose to strike
out reads as follows:
And that the officers and agents giving bonds as
provided in thepreceding section of this act shall be
allowed such additional compensation, to be paid
from the uncalled-for funds, as the Commissioner of
the Freedmen's Bureau, the Secretary of War, and
the Secretary of the Treasury may fix and establish.
Mr. PERHAM. This provision, as the gen-
tleman will see, is important with reference to
the system which the committee has adopted
for the disbursement of these claims.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think that the gentleman
