1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1757
from Maine must see the impropriety of allow-
ing any officer to increase without limit the
compensation of other officers of the Govern-
ment. That is the effect of the provision which
I desire to strike out.
Mr. BENJAMIN. These officers have to
give bonds.
Mr. HOLMAN. I know that; but still their
salaries are very good.
Mr. PERHAM. I know that ray friend from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] does not wish to an-
tagonize the general provisions of this bill, and
if he will defer offering his amendment until
another amendment shall have been moved
and acted upon, I think he will meanwhile
become convinced by examination that the
provision to which he now objects is absolutely
necessary.
I yield to the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Washburn.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I desire to
offer an amendment, to strike out the last pro-
viso of the third section, which is in these
words:
And provided further. That nothing in the several
acts relating to pensions shall entitle any person who
was in the service of the United States between
March 3,1865, and June 6,1866, as mentioned in sec-
tion one of an act supplementary to the several acts
relating to pensions, approved March3,1865, to apen-
sion during such period.
Mr. PERHAM. I yield for the purpose of
allowing that amendment to be offered, but as
gentlemen will see I cannot yield to allow
speeches to be made upon it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I move,
then, the amendment which I have just stated.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out in the proviso the word
"entitle," in the nineteenth line, and inserting
in lieu thereof the word "deprive ; " and by
striking out the word "to," in the twenty-
fourth line, and inserting in lieu thereof the
word "of." The proviso will then read as
follows:
And provided further, That nothing in the several
acts relating to pensions shall deprive any person
whi) was m the service of the United States between
March 3,1865, and June 6, 1868, as mentioned in sec-
tion one of an act supplementary to the several acts
relating to pensions, approved March 3,1S65, of a
pension during such period.
I will explain my object in offering this
amendment. I know it has been argued by
the Committee on Pensions that persons in the
civil service of the United States should not
be entitled to receive a pension during the time
they are so employed. I could never see any
good reason for that position.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does the gentleman say
that the Committee on Pensions have argued
in that way?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not say that they argue
it here on the floor, but they bring forward in
their bill a provision involving that principle,
the effect of which will be to deprive of their
pensions any persons who were in the civil
service of the United Stales between March 3,
1865, and June 6, 1866.
Now, sir, let me illustrate the position which
I take upon this question, and in pursuance of
which 1 have offered my amendment. We
have standing at one of the doors of this House
a man who in the service of his country lost
both his arms, and who cannot possibly earn
a living for himself and his family except by
some such occupation as that in which he is
now engaged here. He has a hook attached
to the stump of each arm, and by means of a
cord he opens and shuts the door. Now, I ask
members of this House whether they think that
man is not entitled to a pension because he has
been fortunate enough to be appointed one of
the attaches to attend the doors of this House.
Because a man happens to be called upon to
perform a certain duty, or is employed in a civil
capacity, whether legless or armless, he is pre-
vented from receiving his pension. It is a
great hardship, and I say that it is not a correct
principle for this House to insist upon.
We give a pension as a gratuity. We do not
give it because he is a poor man or because he
is a rich man, but because he has lost a leg or
an arm or an eye. It is because the man has
been wounded and disabled in the service of
his country.
Mr. PERHAM. I must resume the floor,
or otherwise we will lope the bill.
Mr. LOGAN. One minute is all I ask. Up
in the Departments there are about one hun-
dred and fifty clerks who have been soldiers in
the Army and a majority of whom have lost an
arm or a leg. Some of them cannot follow
any other employment. Some of them write
with their left hand. They are there upon very
small salaries, which are just enough to keep
them. I insist because of that employment
their pension shall not be stopped. I want
them to receive their pension the same as all
others. It is only just and equitable.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I will accept
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois
as a modification of my own.
Mr. PERHAM. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Missouri for a minute or two, and
when he concludes I shall ask for the vote.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has very unfairly stated this case. There
is no member of the committee who is in favor
of depriving these persons of their pensions.
On March 3, 1865, Congress passed an act
which provided that persons in the civil service
at full compensation should not be entitled to
pensions. June 6, 1866, Congress repealed the
law, and since then pensions are continued to
such persons. The law is the same now, and
no attempt is made to change it. But there is
a class of persons who were in the civil service
during that period who have never made appli- ,
cation for pensions or whose application was !
made subsequent to the repealing act; and by
a decision of the Secretary of the Interior their
pensions will when granted extend back through
the fifteen months the law was in force. The
committee think they should be on the same
footing of those whose cases have been passed
upon. This section is to carry out that idea, !
and that is all of it.
Mr. LOGAN. Let me explain this matter,
for I understand it as well as the committee.
Mr. PERHAM. I cannot, yield any longer.
Mr. LOGAN. I only nsk for half a minute.
Mr. PERHAM. I yield to the gentleman
for half a minute.
Mr. LOGAN. I assert this to be the fact,
that those men were deprived of their pensions
who were unfortunate enough not to put their
applications on file at a certain time, while
those who did still receive their pensions. My
proposition is they shall all be put upon a par,
and that they shall all receive their pensions.
Mr. PERHAM. I now demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question first recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Washburn, of Indiana, as mod-
ified.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
85, noes 26.
The Speaker voted in the affirmative to make
a quorum.
So the amendment was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john law.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. I now move that the
House resume the consideration of House bill
No. 1972, granting a pension to John Law,
which was pending at the expiration of the
morning hour some two weeks ago.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll, subject to the
limitations and restrictions of the pension laws,
the name of John Law, late private company
I, one hundred and fourth New York volun-
teers, commencing May 15, 1865.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARINE HOSPITAL, CHICAGO,
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting a report of the supervising
architect relating to the marine hospital at
Chicago, Illinois; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
AET DECOKATION' OF THE CAPITOL.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, in reference to the art decorations of
the United States Capitol; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, aud ordered to be printed.
BASS 01 metropolis, washington.
Mr. RANDALL, from the Committee on
Banking and Currency, by unanimous consent,
presented the following report: which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed in the
Globe:
The Committee on Banking and Currency, which
was by resolution of the House of Representatives
of December 18,1868, directed to inquire into the con-
dition of theBank of the Metropolis, of Washington,
which said bank is now in course of liquidation, and
whether the public money placed therein had been
recovered to the Treasury of the United States, beg
leave to report that in obedience to instructions of
the House the commit tee ad dressed letters of inquiry
to the Comptroller of theOurrency and the Treasurer
of the United States, the replies to which are here-
unto annexed, together with the original resolution.
As an answer to the first portion of the resolution,
upon the further inquiry whether any legislation is
necessary to prevent in future any loss in public de-
posits, the committee would state that they have
heretofore recommended such legislation as will in
their judgment prevent in the future any recurrence
of such risk in reference to the funds of the Govern-
ment deposited in national banking associations as
has occurred in thocaseofthe Bank of the Metropolis,
of Washington, and that the House has passed the
same. The committee therefore desire to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the subject.
Treasury Department,
Office of Comptroller of tes Ccbbency,
Washington, January 20,1869.
Sir : In response to the inquiries contained in tbe
resolution passed by the House of Representatives
December IS, 1S68, relative to the aifairs of the Na-
tional Bank of the Metropolis, of Washington, and in
compliance with your verbal request made by author-
ity of the Committee on Banking and Currency, I
have to state that with said bank as a. designated
depository of Government moneys I have never had
anything whatever to do. By the piovisioxis of sec-
tion forty-five of the national currency act, national
banking associations may be designated as deposit-
ories of public moneys by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, who is authorized to require associations so
designated to deposit United States bonds " tor tho
safekeeping and the pro rapt paymen t of public money
deposited with them," &c.
The statement made by the bank in question on tho
first Monday of October, 1867, showed $400,000 ot Uni-
ted States bonds held by the Treasurer oi the United
States to secure Government deposits; and n showed
United States deposits amounting toS552,713 45. This
is all the official information I have on that branch
of the subject.
The quarterly report made on the first Monday of
October, 1S68. showed the same amount of securities
held by the Treasurer, §170,9,50 75 i>f United States
deposits, and $1,387 69 deposits to United States dis-
bursing officers, The apparent addition of deposits
of United States disbursing officers between Octo ber,
1867,and October,lS68,is owing to the fact that the foi m
furnished to the banks for theirqaftrterly reports was
so changed as to require statements ingreaterdetau.
The item ''deposits of United States disbursing 'nil -
cers" was added to the reportsubsequent toOctober,
1867. although the money placed under that head was
in the bank at the date of said report under tho head
of "individual deposits." So that it may bo satcly
stated that no Government deposits or deposits of
United States disbursing officers were placed m the
bank subsequent to its going into liquidation.
In response to that part of the resolution which
calls upon the committee to "inquire and report
what legislation, if any. is necessary to enable the
Comptroller of the Cufrencv to wind up the affairs
of a bank which has no office or place of business
and stop the payment hy tho United States of inter-
est to a bank upon a debt which the bank owes to
th" United States, and to prevent an insolvent bank
from becoming a depository for United States dis-
