1006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
Therewasno division of sentiment in the North
that is worthy of mention until a political cast
^asgiva^to the war, until politics wasbrought
into the prosecution of the,war for the sake of
building up a pplitical ppw.er in.this country
and holding office,and controlling the money
of the country. JJntil.tliatwagr done, anduntil
a political character w^s -attempted to he given
to the war,' {Ijere .was ®o division of sentiment
in the ,i!iortbu. (lid-that? Not the Dem-
ocrats. . They did ,n;ot seek it.. They did no,t
desire it.. It was forced upon them, and when
they, differed in regard to the political,policy
that, was .verged, the# it was charged that the
Executive was the Government, and that they
had no right to question the will , of the Gov-
ernment, and that it was hostility to question
the political policy of the Government. No,
sir.; as readily did the Democrats in the North-
west respond to the call that was made by the
President, and repeated by the Governors, as
did the gentlemen of any other party.
.. -Mr. YATES. • Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question? Did he consider the
amendment.abolishing slavery as a violation
,of the pledge of. the .Republican party not to
interfere w,ith slavery ?
■ Mr. HENDRICKS.. That was a constitu-
tional amendment;
- - Mr. YAT.ES. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That was after the
close of, the war. - i
_ Mr. YATES. Did you regard the constitu-
tional amendment abolishing slavery as oneof
the acts of the Republican party which you
say violated faith?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was not referring to
that.
Mr. YATES. Do you consider it as one?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator repeat
his question?
Mr. YATES. Do you consider that the
amendment abolishing slavery, which was a
measure of the Republican party, was one of
the breaches of faith on the part of the Repub-
lican party. Do you so consider it?
Mr. HENDRICKS. It was not that to
which I particularly "referred. That did not
occur during the war. That was not one of
the political movements that brought about
the difference of opinion in the North, and
brought discord and weakness instead of
strength. Whenever politics was introduced
for partisan purposes during the war it resulted
in these things, in weakness 
Mr. YATES. I will 
• Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator will allow
me to answer his question. I said that the
soldiers of Indiana had turned in large num-
bers against your party; that many who went
out Republicans now vote the Democratic ticket,
because you pledged that the war was for the
restoration of the Union, and when the war
was over you would not let the Union be re-
stored. .They know that, they feel it. They
know that that condition of things is not the
fault of the Democratic party. They know
that at a time when there was peace and quiet
at the South, when General Grant said that the
condition of the southern country was very
much better than he had supposed, after he
had visited that section of the country, just
then with that report laid before Congress you
commenced proceedings by which State gov-
ernments in harmonious action, in. practical
relations with the General Government, were
torn down; and in their stead military power
was established, and it has brought no good,
in my judgment, but immense evil to this
country.
^r- YATES. ^ The Senator will allow me
to say that I believe it was very much due to
the persuasive eloquence and popularity of the
Senator himself that a large number of the
returning volunteers were induced to support
the Democratic ticket. It was from admira-
tion of himself.
Mr. ^HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I make
no claim of that sort, I am speaking of the
effect m the State of Indiana of the policy of
the Republican party. The soldiers under-
stand exactly what they fought for, and,they
think they-have not been aliowed-to reap the
results of the war because of the.- policy that
has been adopted since, a distracting, disturb-
ing, revolutionary policy, which .would not
allow,-the Government to remain-where, it \^as,
but must tear .down and- build up constantly.
Sir, I did not intend $t. this time to-go into
anything like a political debate. I have not
Bought it in this discussion. The only refer-
ence made by myself that could b.e considered
as political, was^his: I said in the commence-
mentof this debate that, Republican gentlemen
were bound by their platform of last year
upon this question;, that they could not in
good faith'to the country take away from the
States the control of suffrage when -a year ago
they solemnly declared that it properly be-
longed to the States. . And in,my judgment
that criticism upon their course did not call for
denunciation, which is cheap rhetoric ; it did
not call for partisan discussion, and I do not
intend 1o be drawn into it any further than I
have so far.
Mr. YATES. I do not intend to be drawn
into it either. So far as the Senator charges
that the Republican party has violated its
pledges, that is a fact which does not depend
upon his word or mine. That is a matter of
history. The Republican party did what was
necessary to carry on this war, to .achieve this
victory, and it will do what is neqessary now
to carry out and obtain the fair fruits and re-
sults of the victory. It will seal its grand
record by the enfranchisement of a whole race
of human beings, and thereby liberate the
white man more than it does the black man,
liberate him from the tyranny of slaveholders
and elevate the black, and not leave as float-
ing waifs upon society four million people with-
out rights, with no masters, with no protection,
with no privilege, with no ballot, with no voice
to defend their rights. Thus th6 Republican
party finishes its work.
Upon the other point to which the Senator
has referred I am glad to be acquainted with
the facts in the case. The fourteenth amend-
ment was worded as it was because of the posi-
tion assumed by the Senator from Massachu-
setts and myself and certain other persons in
the Senate whom it is not necessary to men-
tion. We maintained that Congress had the
power by congressional law to enforce suffrage
upon all the States in every section of the
Union. It was unpopular.. The Republicans
viewed the scheme with jealousy. For that
reason, to exclude that conclusion, the declar-
ation was made that the question of suffrage
properly belonged to the States. If you ask
me, then, how I could support that platform,
(which I presume will be the next question,) I
answer, I do not deny that the question prop-
erly belongs to the States. I think any com-
munity, any power, has a right to reach down
and lift a man up from bondage and stamp
freedom upon him. • I believe the States have
the power, and I believe Congress has the
power, and therefore,I could support and main-
tain the Chicago platform. That is all I have
to say.
Mr. STEW ART. Mr. President, I simply
wish to say that if this proposition has any
friends in the Senate they can further it very
much by not talking about it.
Mr. NORTON. Mr. President, in the brief
remarks that I had the honor to submit to the
Senate this morning between four and six
o'clock, I referred to the Senator from Indiana
who sits next to me [Mr. Morton] as verify-
ing and corroborating my statement that this
proposition was partisan. I am delighted now
to find that the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Yates] comes in and testifies to the same
effect; and directly after I closed what I had
to say then in those brief remarks, the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] con-
curred, or seemed to concur, with me in the
statement that this measure was purely a party
measure.
Mr. YATES. Who makes it partisan ? It
is right to pass it, and who makes it partisan?
Mr. NORTON. When I say partisan I do
not use the word partisan in an offensive .sens®
at all. I use the word partisan to distinguish
the measure as; a party measure. It is urged
singly, solely, and Simply "by a party for party
purposes. Th,ere had: been, no Senator, during
all the long discussion of this measure, who
had trowed this measure to-be.8 measure of
the party; but if I remember.aright, and I
think I do, in the remarks that I made I re-
ferred to the fact that this .measure had not
been honored a^d distinguished above other
measures, by a caucus, but I referred to the
remarks, of the Senator from Indiana, who did
distinctly avow that this was a, party measure.
The Senator ftom Illinois now announces that
it is a party measure. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, directly, after I concluded .my re-
marks,>agreed, that it was a party measure.
Mr. YATES. I said-it was a Republican
measure; I did not say a pa'rty measure. .
Mr. NORTON. - It is a Republican meas-
ure. What does it mean ? It means that it is
a measure of the party, proposed by the party,
passed by Congress as a party measure, -sub-
mitted to the Legislatures of the States as a
party measure, and when the Legislatures of
the States come to act upon it party discipline
is to be brought to bear upon them to make
them adopt it. The result is that if it is adopted
as an amendment to the Constitution you have
there incorporated upon the Constitution a
measure that is not required or asked for by
the body of the people. Party asked that it be
there, and the party puts it there. They put it
there _ by virtue of party discipline and party
machinery. Who is there of the Republicans
of the Senate who has advocated this measure
as a measure of right outside and beyond what
may be the sentiments of the pa.rty that is dom-
inant in this body? Nay, sir, who is there in
this country among the people that asks for the
adoption of this measure save and except those
who come from that party? I am more than
gratified that both the Senator from Illinois
and the Senator from Massachusetts,"who vented
himself afterl concluded my remarks, about six
o'clock this morning, come to my rescue and
corroborate what I said, that this is a partisan
measure, advocated and supported by a party,
and if adopted will be adopted by a party and
not by the people of this country.
I only rose to_ avail myself of what the Sen-
ator from Illinois and the Senator from Massa-
chusetts had furnished me with to substantiate
what I said in the remarks I made this morn-
ing-
Mr. YATES. I think my friend, the Sen-
ator from Minnesota, was elected by the Re-
publican party to the Senate, was hi? not ?
Mr. NORTON. I was; and, Mr. President,
I am glad that the Senator from Illinois 
Mr. YATES. I have only to say that I think
the party made a mistake.
Mr. NORTON. I am gratified for that, too.
I am glad,_ Mr. President, that the Senator
from Illinois has the frankness and the can-
dor—and I have always known him, so far as
I have known him, to be a gentleman of frank-
ness and candor—to remind me of that fact
openly, and not like the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, who took the floor after I surrendered
it this morning aboutsixo'clock, and by insin-
uations and intimations would have it inferred
that some one had left his party while they were
going on prospering and to prosper with tri-
umphs and victories.
Weak men, said the Senator from Massachu-
setts, have left them; timid men have left
them. It would have been far more manly in
my judgment jf that Senator had mentioned
who were the timid men and who were the weak
ones who had left them. I accord to the Sen-
ator from Illinois commendation for his candor
in reminding me that I was elected as a Repub-
lican. But, Mr. President, when I was elected
and took my seat in this body, Republicanism
did not then mean, nay, sir, there had been
never a suggestion from my own State, from
the nation, in Congress, anywhere, that Repub-
licanism meant separation and dissolution of
