54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
to refer it to the Committee on Roads and
Canals. I am opposed to any reference of
this bill at this time. But if itis to be referred
1 hope my amendment will be adopted, and
that it will be referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Now, one word in reply to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Delano,] who always speaks
eloquently, and who always speaks in a very
argumentative and convincing manner, so
much so that he would almost induce the
House to believe that there had been—I hardly
know what—larceny, or burglary, or some
great crime committed in connection with this
matter. He referred to the insidiousness of
the men who have moved in this matter. He
spoke of the gross outrages in connection with
this matter, in tones of denunciation that
almost took the glass roof off the Capitol.
Now, I want to call the House back to its
sober senses in relation to this subject. What
is there at all insidious in this bill ? The con-
clusion to which the Senate arrived, after dis-
cussing this subject for weeks, was to send the
matter to a board of seven scientific men,
selected for their peculiar knowledge on this
subject. Yet the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Delako] would induce this House to believe
that some men, or some set of men, had com-
mitted a gross outrage, and it was necessary
that they should be immediately arrested for
it. Now, I do not understand the necessity
of using such language on such a subject and
upon such an occasion as this.
I do not think there was anything to call it
out. I am sorry it was indulged in ; and 1 am
sorry I have found it necessary to call the
attention of the House to that part of the gen-
tleman's argument; for I know he always
speaks convincingly; he has convinced me
very often—sometimes almost against my will.
I have nothing further to say.
Mr. BINGHAM, i desire merely to answer
tho question which the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. MoouiihadJ asks. The Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals is the appropriate
committee to which this reference should be
made. The construction of a bridge is the
construction of a road; and if there is any-
thing that is at all pertinent to the business of
this committee it is precisely the bill which it
is now proposed to refer to them. I desire,
however, to say further that the gentleman has
no right to assume that a standing committee
of this House, when a measure is referred to
it for consideration, will not discharge its
duty: nor is it right for him to intimate that
this committee is not quite as competent to
investigate this question—a question altogether
germane to the duties devolved upon it by the
rules—as any other committee of the House, i
Mr. MOORIIKAD. 1 made no insinuation
against the competency of the committee. j
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman hit imated ;
that ihe committee would not attend to its I
duties. J say that he assumed what he had no i
right to assume with reference to the commit- j
tee, especially when it has at its head the hon- ;
orable gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook,] |
who understands these western interests, and ;
who, when he comes to examine the subject, '
will doubtless consider the question whether, I
if it be right thus to fetter the commerce in
transit by rail across the Ohio, it would not be
equally right to fetter by like restrictions the
commerce in transit across the Mississippi and
the Missouri.^ I desire to have the subject
referred to this committee because it has at its
head an honorable gentleman who stands in
no wise committed on the one side or the
other of this question, and who, T undertake to
say, understands the interests which the peo-
ple of the Mississippi valley have in this con-
troversy quite as well as any gentleman in this
House.
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BIN GHAM. I yield to the gentleman, j
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I have 110 inter-
est in tiiis question and no desire to undertake
the labor ot investigating it. 1 wish merely to
correct a misapprehension into which the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mookhead]
seems to have fallen in saying that the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals hold a meeting
but once a year. We have met at least once a
week during the last and the preceding session
of Congress, have reported quite a number of
bills, and have presented several elaborate
reports upon subjects which we were directed
by the House to investigate. We have not
been so lazy as the gentleman thinks.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will conclude, Mr.
Speaker, by repeating in the hearing of the
House the statement which I made in my
opening remarks, that, in spite of all that can
be said by any man on this subject, the effect
of the bill, if it be passed by the House in the
form in which it now stands, will be to shut
out for the time being every city and town in
the State of Ohio from the benefits of com-
merce by rail with the southwest, and to give
that commerce exclusively to the city of Louis-
ville. This is a discrimination which I trust
the House will not make until, by an elaborate
report from its appropriate committee, it is
fully informed as to the wisdom and justice
and equity of such a proceeding. I now call
the previous question, and I hope that the
motion to refer the bill to any other committee
than the Committee on Roads and Canals will
be voted down.
1 he previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The first question was upon the amendment
to the amendment, proposing to strike ont
'•Commerce" and insert "Post Office and
Post Roads," so as to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee on the Post, Office and Post Roads.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question next recurred upon the amend-
ment, to strike out " Roads and Canals" and
insert " Commerce," so as to refer the bill to
the Committee on Commerce.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the motion
to refer the bill to the Committee on Roads
and •Canals.
The motion was agreed to; there being—
ayes one hundred and nine, noes not counted.
Bo the bill was referred to the Committee on
Rouds and Canals.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
committee on' revolutionary claims.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I ask
to be excused from further service on the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
the gentleman will be excused.
There was no objection.
The SPEAKER annoanced the appointment
of Mr. Hamilton to (ill the vacancy caused by
the retiiement of Mr. Trowbridge.
alta vela.
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the petition of citizens of Baltimore,
Maryland, relative to the claims of the Gov-
ernment and of citizens of the United States
to the Island of Alta Vela; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask unanimous consent j
to submit the fol'owing resolution :
_ llesolved. That tho Committee on Foreign Affairs
on. and arc hereby, instructed to inquire into the
alleged injuries and ontraees sustained by Abraham
B.Pa.tterson andP.de Mursuiondo, citizens of Mary-
land, m their forcible eviction by the authorities of
St. Domii.^o from the guano islet of Alta Vela in
October, 1800, and by other citizens of the United
States, agents of the said Patterson k Murguiondo,
m the a.-saults, imprisonments, and other trespasses
accompanying and succeeding said eviction, also
committed by said authorities, and whether any. and
what, action of Congress is required to protect the
rights and redress tho wrongs of Ameriean citizens
abroad, to vindicate from dishonor tho American flag
and to maintain the lawful jurisdiction of the United
States; with leave to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. UPSON. I object.
ADJOURNMENT TILL MONDAY.
Mr, SCOFIELD. I move that when the I
House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. iVlAYNAUD. I hope not. To-morrow-
is private hill day. and we will have lew pri-
vate bill days during this session.
Mr. SCOfiELD. All members have busi-
ness at the Departments.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
99, noes 24.
Mr. HIGBY demanded the yeas and nays.
'J he.yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
legal-tender notes.
Mr. BROOMALL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 14!)2) to regulate
the value of United States legal-tender notes,
and for their redemption ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
accounts of indian agents.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the interior, transmitting, ill
compliance with the act, of Congress of March
2, 1867, tabular statements of accounts with
Indian agents to June 80, 1868; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The accompanying docu-
ments are voluminous, as the House will see,
and it will decide whether they shall he printed
or not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the question of printing be referred to the
Committee on Printing.
The motion was agreed to.
i'out snklling khseiwatios.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War. transmitting papers rela-
tive to the sale of the Fort Snelling reservation ;
which were referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary affairs and ordered to be printed.
lewb of absence.
Mr. Fox, Mr. Garfield, and Mr. Bucklantd
were granted leave of absence for one week.
j'. a. gibisons.
On motion of Mr. MORRELL, leave was
grunted for the withdrawal from the files of
the Committee on Agriculture of the papers in
the case of F. A. Gibbous, and thesuostitution
of other papers.
kecess.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
at the suggestion of many members, 1 oiler my
resolution in reference to a recess. Gentlemen
wish the matter settled some way or the other.
I propose an adjournment from Monday, the
21st instant, to Tuesday, the 5th of January
next, not the 15th, as the papers have had it.
I will yield to the gentleman from Ohio, chair-
man ot the Committee of Wa\s and Means,
who desires to propose another time, and after
that has been done, unless remaiks are made
requiring an answer, I will demand the pre-
vious question.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That when the
two Houses of CongieStS adjourn on Monday, the 21st
instant, they adjourn tomecton Tuesday, the 5th day
oi January, 1869.
Mr. SCHENCK. X have to say in behalf
of my committee that they know'there is an
abundance of business demanding the atten-
tion of the House, without reference to the
general appropriation bills, which we were
informed the other day could not be reported
until alter the holidays. Independently of
everything else there are two special orders
having precedence : one the tariff bill, which
was under consideration in the Committee of
the Whole at the last meeting of Congress,
and the other the general tax bill, both of them
in the Committee of the Whole ready to be
