1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LGBB:
100T
this Union. Never then had there been a
suggestion that the Congress oftheUnitedStates
might, under the theory of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Scmxjsb,] absorb the pow-
ers of the States and control what under the
Constitution belonged to the States. Never had
there at that time been what, is now suggested
by the Senator from Massachusetts, the idea
that Republicanism meant a severance of the
bond of Union which held these States together.
When I tools my seat here I supposed that 1
was representing the loyal sentiment of the
people of my State in holding that the war
through which we had passed, and from which
we were just then emerging was a war for
.the preservation of the Union and the rights
of the States. But, sir, I had. not been long
in this body till I found my mistake. I strug-
gled against it for a while. I know other Sen-
ators here who struggled against it. I know
other Senators, and I see them now, and have
had them in my eye, who struggled with me
against the idea that the successful prosecution
of the war involved and brought about and pro-
duced the severance of the Union and the sep-
aration of ten States from the Union. I know
how long the Republican party paused on the
brink of that precipice. J stood then in full
communion with them.
It was suggested a moment ago that some-
thing was said about what occurred in caucus.
I will not go into that lest I might betray con-
fidence, but I think I may say what the coun-
try knows, that the dominant party in the Sen-
ate of the United States then did caucus upon
the great question of the day. They did con-
sider and deliberate upon it, and the result
was that by pressure from members of the
other House and from outside the Senate of
the United States was brought to the point of
agreeing that ten or eleven States should be
left out of the Union, and they did not care
to devise means by which they should be
brought in.
Sir, for long weeks it was a question of
consideration with the dominant party in this
Chamber what treatment should be extended
to the people of those States ; how they should
be regarded. I, new, young, fresii, modest in
this body had but little to say ; nay, sir, I said
nothing, because I had just taken my seat in
the Senate, and it was not becoming in one so
recently elected to a seat in the Senate to take
an active and suggestive part in these matters.
But, sir, I watched carefully the suggestions
of others and the actions of others, and I saw
that while day after day the matter was delib-
erated upon and postponed and adjourned, at
the very last moment, by virtue of party discip-
line and pressure from the other House and
pressure from the outside, the dominant party
in this body was willing to agree that no mem-
ber should be admitted into this body from the
southern States without the consent of the other
House. Sir, I do not think the Senator from
Illinois should remind me of the fact that I
was elected as a Republican, for in the history
of the party since I have been a member of
this body I have stood true to the principles on
which I was elected. I stood faithfully to the
principles of the party as they enunciated them
when I was elected, and I was not willing to
yield my opinion and my judgment—ay, and
to disregard my duty to those who elected me
at the behest of a caucus. Sir, I have now in
my eye Senators who then stood with me, Sen-
ators who then agreed with nie that these were
great public questions concerning the country
and not party questions, matters in which was
involved the welfare of the country and not
the particular success of the party.
Some of those Senators left me; but I stood,
as I believed, upon the practical foundation of
the Republican party at that time that we
should as speedily as possible restore those
eleven States to their practical relations to the
Federal Government. I believed that we should
exert ourselves to bring them in; I believed
that we should do all in our power toward
bringing those States into practical relations
with the Federal Government. But, sir,, there
was a party stronger than my friends and
myself. They set themselves about devising a
plan by which they should keep those States
out. They set themselves about Revising a
plan by which they should not come in. At
that very day there were knocking at the door
of the House of Representatives, representa-
tives elected by the loyal' men of the State of
Tennessee; but by party discipline and party
machinery they were kept out. I thought in
my humble way this was wrong.
A new member, unsophisticated as I was, I
thought the first duty of Congress was to set
about to devise some way by which they should
be admitted, and those States brought again
into practical relations with the General Gov-
ernment. There were a few of us who agreed
with that. But your committee of fifteen was
organized, and they resolved that no represent-
atives were to be admitted into. one House
without the consent of the other. Aftei long
delay the report of that committee was made.
Read that report all through, take it) from begin-
ning to end, and tell me, candid men, tell me,
you who read it for the purpose of information,
leaving out the conclusions that the men who
wrote it had adopted; tell me, you who are
fair men; tell me, you who are patriots, you
who believed in and desired the reconstruction
of the Union, wherein and why those States
were excluded.
Sir, the interests of the Union, of the Gen-
eral Government were not in peril. The Union
would have been as safe, nay, sir, it would have
been safer, as subsequent events have shown,
if they had been at once admitted. Did they
seek the glory or renown of the Federal Gov-
ernment? Did they seek the prosperity of the
people? Did they seek the happiness of the
people in those States or in the' North? All
would have been well if we had admitted those
States to their practical relations to the Gov-
ernment, but you would not do it. The ma-
jority of that committee reported that it was
not safe to admit them again to their proper
relations with the General Government.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, will the honor-
able Senator allow me to make a suggestion?
Mr. NORTON. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. I wish to propound a question
to the honorable Senator whether he would not
just as lief write this out? It seems to be his-
tory entirely. I am familiar with it, but would
it not do as well for his constituents to have
him write it out? The question under con-
sideration is quite a different one.
Mr. NORTON. I am very much obliged to
the Senator from Nevada for the suggestion.
It is history, but it has never been written, and
the men who made the history have never been
willing to let it be written.
Mr. NYE. I should like to know of the
honorable Senator how he comes to know so
much about the caucuses when he never at-
tended them but two or three times, and took
no part in them? He has never voted with the
Republican party since he has been in the Sen-
ate, to my knowledge, not even on a question
of adjournment.
Mr. NORTON. I attended eaucusses enough
to know what was proposed to be done. I have
said nothing as to what occurred in caucus
while I was there that I am aware of; but if I
have I will take it back. I am speaking of
facts ; I am drawing inferences legitimate, as I
think, from the facts as they exist. If the in-
ferences arc distasteful to the Senator from
Nevada, I should like to see him make a better
state of facts.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, inferences would
not be distasteful if the honorable Senator
stated the facts as they were; and yet as a
matter of taste it is wholly distasteful to me that
he attended Republican caucusses when he was
not coiiperatiug with them, and should come
in here and tell what they did. That would be
disgraceful. If, on the other hand, he attempts
to give history he should give it as it is. I
assure the honorable Senator that he does not
disturb my nerves at all; but here we are, hav-
ing been twenty hours in session, and the hon-
orable Senator is telling things that are not,at
all pertinent to the question. I thought by i
simple suggestion his own, spnse of propriety
would see-this. :
. , Mr. NORTON. The Senator is very kind
in his,suggestions, and I appreciate' them, but
so for as caucusses are concerned I- do next
thiok I have revealed any more than has been
revenlediby others, in the Senate. Certainly I
did not intend to reveal anything that occurred
in caucus while I was there. I was drawing
legitimate inferences from what transpired after
that time, and I think I drew legitimate infer*
ences from the facts known to, exist. A-s;to
my consuming time, I would remind the Se.n*
ator from Nevada that we commenced last
evening about seven o'clock, and I have not
consumed more than three hours during that
time. [Laughter.]
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator alio*
me to move that we take a recess until eleven
o'clock? , ■
Mr. SUMNER. Let us say twelve o'clock.
Let us have a regular adjournment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is no necessity
of enduring this sort of physical labor; we
accomplish nothing.
Mr. NORTON. Tf the Senator will allow
me I will finish in a moment. I only have said
what I have in reply to the suggestion of the
Senator from Illinois in regard to what the
Republican party had done and how they did
it, and his reminder to me that I was elected
as a Republican. I have admitted that 1 was
elected as a Republican, and I have said this
much to show wherein and when I differed
with the Republican party upon the question
of reconstruction and the measures that have
arisen 
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator will
allow us to take a recess he can finish his
speech afterward.
Mr. NORTON. I have nearly finished.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose there can-
not be objection to a recess until eleven o'clock,
that we may get something to eat. I do not
know that the good of the country demands
our starvation. I move to take a recess until
eleven o'clock.
The PRESIDENTfiro tempore. The motion
cannot be entertained except by unanimous
consent, there being another matter pending:
Mr. STEWART. I hope we shall not take
a recess.
Mr. SUMNER. An adjournment is in order.
Mr. NORTON. I had nearly concluded
when the Senator from Illinois chose to remind
me that I was elected as a Republican, and
that reminder has suggested to me what I have
said.
I know that this measure is a pure party
question, and as I have seen many party meas-
ures carried before in this body I suppose^ this
will be; and I have only said as much as I havu
because I thought it was necessary, or at least
proper that I should say it in vindication of my
course, having been elected as a Republican.
I believed that the Republican party meant
after the war closed to restore the Union ; I
believed they meant to set themselves to work,
diligently and faithfully, earnestly^ and vigi-
lantly, to bring about the restoration of the
practical relations of the States with the Gen-
eral Government. I found that their represent-
atives did not do that. I found that, on the
contrary, thsy set themselves diligently, faith-
fully, vigilantly, persistently, in season and out
of season, day and night, to devise, if possible,
some means by which they should keep these
States out of representation in the other House
and in this. When I saw and became satisfied
of that—and, Mr. President, it did not take me
long to see it—1 saw that the path of the patriot,
1 saw that the duty of the statesman, I saw that
the course ofthe man who desired to restore his
country and bring to it its olden-time reunion,
and glory, did not lie with that party and with
the prosecution of its measures and what it pro-
posed. So I left it. I saw, too, that there
were other Senators besides myself and the
very few that remained with tne who were r«ady
