1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
•proceeded with, and in regard to both of which
the House in the Committee of the Whole has
already been engaged in their consideration.
I know we must adjourn necessarily for the
holidays. That is a foregone conclusion. It
would be idle, as every one understands, to
undertake to keep Congress here, but consider-
ing the shortness of ihis session, it does seem
to me that we ought to run business up to the
last possible convenient time before Christmas,
and to resume it at as early a day as practi-
cable afterward. Considering the whole ques-
tion iu my committee this morning, the subject
having been broached already by the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, I was
instructed to raov« an amendment to his res-
olution when it came up, modifying it slightly
as to dates, substituting VVeduesday, the 23d, as
the day on which the House will adjourn, and
January 4 as the time for reassembling ; that
is, to adjourn on the second'day before Christ-
mas and reassemble on the first Monday alter
New Year. The effect of adjourning on the
Monday before will be to send everybody off,
as we know by experience, about Thursday of
the preceding week.
Mr. FAltNSWOltTH. They will begin to
go away about the middle of the week.
Mr. SCITFNCK. They will begin to go
away during the week preceding, whereas we
may secure a solid week's work it we postpone
he adjournment until two days before Christ-
mas. as that will tend to keep gentlemen in
heir places. However, I do not rise to argue
'he matter. Every gentleman can judge lor
himself from past experience. I move the
amendment which I have indicated to the
pending resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
■simply state, so far as I am personally con-
cerned, that I am indifferent as to what day
may be fixed, for I expect to be here during
most of the recess; but I wish the House to
decide between the times that have been pro-
posed. If gentlemen think they can get home
by starting on Wednesday, I am content to see
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
adopted. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
03. noes 78.
Mr. MULLINS and Mr. HIGBY demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 7G, nays 01, not voting
5-1; as follows:
YEAS—Me.-srs. Ames, James M. Ashley, Baldwin,
Bctiman, Benjamin, Bingham, Doydcn, Buckhuin,
Roderick 11. Butler, Churchill,Cobb. Coburn, Oorley,
(Jul Imu, Delano, Doweehe. Dickey. Donnelly, hckley,
Kggic.-ton, E!a, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferry, Fienoh,
Garfield. Gravely. Griswold. llaughev. lIi;aton,
Higb.v, Hooper, Ch'esfcr D, Hubbard, Hunter, In-
gcr^oU, J^nckcs, Jiukl, Julian, Kelley,KellocK, ICel-
sey, Kctc-ham, Kitchon, La^h, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence. Loan, Mallory, Marvin, May-
nard, McCarthy, McCormiek. Mereur, Moot-head,
Morrell, Mullins, Niblaek, O'Neill, Paine, Peters,
Pettis, Polsley, Price, Raum, Schenek, Shanks,
Spaldintr, Starkweather. Stokes. Stover, Taylor,
Henry D. Washburn, Welker, William Williams,
Wimlom, and Woodbridge—76,
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson. Archer, Ar-
ncll, Axteli, Baker, Beck, Benton, Blair, Boutweil,
Bowen, Boyer, Brooks, Broomall, Burr, Cake, Calhs,
Oary, Chauler, Reader W. Ciarke, Sidney Clarke,
C.ift, C->ok, Dawes, Dixon, Driggs, Edwards, Eld-
ridge, Forriss, Fields, Fox, GeU, (jlossbrenner, Gol-
Jrtd.iv, Gove, Hill, Holm^n, Hopkins, Ilotchkisp,
Ilulburd, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Koontz,
Lou^hridge, Marshall, Miller, Moore, Mungen,
Myers, Kewcomb, Newshara, Norris, Orth, Perhaui,
Piie)ps. Pike, Poland, Pomeroy, Prince, X^ruyn,
jiandall. Robertson, Robinson, Seofield.Sitgreaves,
Smith. Stewart, Sypher, Taber, Taffe, Thomas, Tift,
J(>hn Ti'imble, Lawrence S. Trimble, Trowbridge,
Xwieholl Unson, Van Aornam, Van Auken, Burt
Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Cad walker C.
Washburn. Eliliu K. Washburne. William ash-
bnrn, Whittemore, James F. Wilson, btephen JJ.
Wilson. Wood. Woodward, and Young—91.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Delos R. Ashley,
B lilev, Banks. Banies, Barnurn, Beatty, Llackburn,
Blaine, Boles. Bromwoll. Buckley, J>onjaimn F. But-
ler, Cornell, Covode, Dockery, Dodge, Gos*. Grover,
llaiuht, Halsey, Hamilton, Harding, Hawkins. Asa-
liel W. Hubbaid, Richard D. Hubbard. Humphrey,
Johnson, Alexander II. Jones. Laflin, Lincoln, ho-
gan, Lynch, McCullough, McKee, Momsscy, Nich-
olson. isutm. Pierce, Pile, Plants, Roots, Ross, Saw-
yer, Selye, Shellabarger. Stevens. Stone, Robert T.
Van Horn, Vidul, Waul, Tuomjb Williams, and John
T. Wilson—54.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on the adoption
of the resolution.
Mr. FARNSWOItTH. I suggest to my col-
league that he make it the Friday before the,
Monday indicated, for malting it Monday is
really providing foran adjournment on the Fri-
day before, and we might as well say so in the
resolution. It is really an adjournment one
week before Christmas, and why not say so in
the resolution, and not by fraud before the peo-
ple pretend to adjourn three or four dajs later
than we do.
Mr. BALDWIN. I move that the resolution
be laid upon the table.
Mr. IIIGBY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to lay upon the table was dis-
agreed to.
i'he resolution was then adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote by which ihe resolution was,
adopted ; and also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE F110 31 THE SEX ATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. McDonald, its Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that that body had indelinitely postponed
a bill (II. It. No. 1484) .0 relieve from disabili-
ties Franklin J. Moses, ofSouth Carolina.
DEPARTMENT Of AGRICULTURE.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 170, in relation
to the library of the Department of Agriculture;
which was read the first, and second time.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I move that joint
resolution be put upon its passage. The (acts
of the case are simply these: A large portion
of the library of the Department of Agriculture
was purchased or obtained when the depart-
ment, was a division in the Patent OUice. 'Ihe
Commissioner of Patents claims this library as
belonging to his department. The books mostly
relate to agricultural matters. Most of them
are books on agriculture. 'I he Commissioner
of Agriculture wishes to retain possession of this
library, and this joint resolution merely enables
him to do so. it has already been removed to
the new building set apart especially for the
Department of Agriculture. The resolution
will do harm to nobody, and will merely enable
the Department of Agriculture to retain what
it is entitled to. I demand the previous ques-
tion. . . , .
The previous question was seconded and tne
main question ordered : and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to
a third reading, and it was accordingly read the
third time and passed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was passpd ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COAST DEFENSES.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 171; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
it be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL CAPITAL INSURANCE COMPANY.
The next bill upon the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 042, to amend the charter of
the National Capital Insurance Company;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. AVE LICE R moved that it be referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
MRS EMMA WILSON.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 174, for the relief of Mrs.
Emma Wilson, of the State of Indiana; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. OR HI moved that, it be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
gustatus j. cushman.
The next bill upon the Speaker's table was
Senate bi ll No. 5(55, to authorize the Secretary
of State to adjustthe claim of GustavusJ. Cush-
inan for office rent, while commissioner under
the reciprocity treaty ; which was read a first
aud second time.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of State to
reopen and adjust the accounts of Guslavus J.
Cushman. late commissioner of fisheries under
the late reciprocity treaty with Great Britain,
so far as relates to a claim for office rent upon
(he same basis as allowed to all his successors
in the same office.
Mr. PETERS. I think no one will object
to that bill. If any one objects to its passage
I will make a brief explanation.
Mi-. 1IOLMAN. 1 move that it be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. PETE US. 1 think the gentleman will
not insist upon that motion after a word of
explanation. A similar bill has been before
the Committee on Commerce and favorably
acted on. There was an elfortmade to ingraft
it upon a pending bill, and the only objection
made was that it was not, in aceordan ee with
the rules of the House. Mr. Cushman was the
first commissioner under the treaty of 1842.
lie occupied an office and paid office rent, but
omitted to charge it in his account. It is a
small matter, of two or three hundred dollars
only. The Department decided^ that he was
entitled to it, but it was of the opiuion that his
accounts could not he reopened without an act
of Congress. Itis the same amount which 'ias
been allow* d to the five different successive
gentlemen who have occupied that office. I
am cognizant of the facts, and I know the case
has merit,. Mr. Cushman is blind and poor,
and is entitled to this small pittance. I hope
the gentleman from Indiana will withdraw his
motion to refer, and let the bill be passed.
Mr. HODMAN. In view of the facts, with
which the gentleman fiom Maine seems to be
familiar, I withdraw the motion to refer.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third tunc; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third tune, and passed.
Mr. PETE IIS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
C A Hill AGE of 1'ASSKNGKIiS.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 102. to n-gu-
late the cariiugcof passengers in steamships
and other vessels; which was read a first aud
second time.
Mr. ELIO f moved that it be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
'The motion was agreed to.
JOSEPH SEGAR
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was House bill No. 575, to refer the claim of
Joseph Segar to the Court of Claims; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. out of any money in the Treasury o^ the
United States not otherwbe appropriated, to
pay to Joseph Segar the sum of $25,01)0. in
full satisfaction of his claim, of whateverchar-
acter, for use and occupation by the^ United
States military forces of bis farm in Virginia,
near Fortress Monroe, from May 24. lt:01, to
January 1, 1807 ; and also for timber cut on
said farm and used by our military forces, and
also for balance due him for quartermaster and
subsistence supplies.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that bill be put
upon its passage. .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
we are not going to charge the Court of Claims
with matters of this kind. I think this matter
V
