1760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March I ,
light-houses. In view of the great commerce upon
the lakes and its prospective increase the boardfeel
that they are justified in now bringing the matter to
the attention ofCongress, and in submitting an esti-
mate for an appropriation to begin the work."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Appropriations
to oppose any appropriations of this sort. You
■will observe that the theory of the bill is not to
start any new light-houses, except where they
have already been built and have been destroyed
during the rebellion ; as, forinstance, the light-
house at Cape Hatteras and some in the Gulf
of Mexico. One or two had to be rebuilt
where they had been for a long time. It was
thought to be good economy to prevent what
was left of the structure going to destruction.
If you allow this one you would have to allow
others for which there are calls as loud to the
extent of $1,500,000. If we yield to this one
I do not see why we should not yield to the
others. I agree there is no place among those
to which T allude where a light-house is more
needed than at this; but under the present cir-
cumstances, after a great deal of examination,
for this was a subject as you must see which
called for great circumspection, the commit-
tee came to the conclusion not to make an
appropriation for any of these new light- houses.
Such were the unanimous instructions of the
committee.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows :
Construction branch of the Treasury Depart-
ment:
For completing main stairway west wing, $8,500.
For fencing and approaches to south front, $20,000.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to add the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, The moneys appropriated for the exten-
sion of the Treasury building shall be disbursed only
by one of the regular disbursing clerks of the Treas-
ury Department, who shall receive no extra compen-
sation for bis services.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. UPSON. I move to strike out the ap-
propriation of $20,000 for fencing, and I should
like to have some explanation of the gentle-
man from Ohio. I supposed that fencing had
already been provided for, and I do not see
where this money is to be expended.
Mr. SPALDING-. The approaches to the
Treasury Department on the south end have
never been finished, and this sum wa3 requested
for that purpose. It was estimated for and
required by the Secretary ofthe Treasury. The
architect of the Treasury was before us this
morning,and he states that this is indispens-
ably necessary to complete that part of the
building.
Mr. UPSON. Is it intended to pay for put-
ting a curb-stone on the line of the circular
road that has been laid out on the south ofthe
President's grounds leadingto the Treasury?
Mr. SPALDING. Really I cannot go into
the particulars. The matter was explained to
the satisfaction of the committee.
Mr. UPSON. I withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
For laying the foundation and commcncing the
bui Itling for the post office and sub-Treasury in Bos-
ton, Massachusetts, $200,000.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to suggest a point
of order for a future purpose. Is this appro-
priation in order? Under what existing law
is it recommended ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
state that at the last session the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads reported a bill
to buy a site for an office in Boston ; and we
paid $453,000 for it. The city of Boston, in
order that the approaches might be convenient
to it, laid out in paving and widening the
streets—for they are not very wide in that
city—$400,000 more, without any expense to
the United States. They also raised the grades
and cut down buildings. The consequence is
that when the building came to be commenced
it was necessary to arrange the grade of the
streets to putin the foundations or else it would
cost the city some one hundred thousand dollars
more and the United States about fifty thou-
sand dollars more to do the work after the
grade was altered. Besides, we are laying out
of our entire investment in the mean time.
Now there was an estimate from the Depart-
ment of $400,000. The Committee on Appro-
priations appealed to me not to press it, and
although I believe it would be economy to ex-
pend that sum, yet in order that we might,
keep on with this rigid economy which we have
tried to bring before the House I consented
to have it cut down to the amount contained
in the bill.
Mr. BROOKS. Having settled the precedent
I withdraw the point of order, and I now pro-
pose to amend by inserting the following :
For laying the foundations and commencing the
building for the post offiec in New York, $200,000.
Mr. CHURCHILL. T insist upon the point
of order, and desire a ruling upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
it to be in order on the statement of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to state that the
Federal Government lias paid $300,000 for the
converging point of the City Hall Park in New
York city, property worth $1,000,000, and
now I propose to go on with the building just
as they have done at Boston. It is exactly a
parallel case.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does the gentleman
state that there is an existing law for this post
office in the city of New York?
Mr. BROOKS. There is an appropriation
for it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I did not understand
that the act we passed last year appropriating
money to buy a piece of ground in New York
authorized the building of a post office there,
but only for the purchase of the ground.
Mr. BROOKS. For the post office.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Perhaps it did so. Ap-
propriating for the purpose of a post office and
for building a post office are different things.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order.
Mr. BROOKS. The city of New York sold
property to the Government for $500,000 which
is worth over a million, solely and especially
for the purpose of a post office. Certainly
everybody who has ever been in the city of
New York knows that there is need of a new
post office there. This is not a post office for
the city of New York alone. It is a post office
for the whole United States, and not alone
for the United States, but it is a post office for
the whole world. The foreign mails concenter
there, and it is utterly impossible in the pres-
ent condition of the existing building to per-
form the necessary work for the Government.
The mails are unsafe. The building is not fire-
proof. The business cannot be done there
with facility. And if ever the country needed
to have a proper post office at that great com-
mercial emporium, it is quite time to com-
mence it now. If a post office is not to be
erected there the city will soon claim that that
property which was sold for $500,000, and is
is worth $1,000,000, shall revert to it,
Mr. SPALDING. The difference between
New York and Boston is this: the United
States purchased at both places a site for a
post office. In Boston the people are satisfied
with the lot purchased and are ready and anx-
ious to go on with the construction of the build-
ing. In New York, I am informed, they ate
not satisfied.
Mr. BROOKS. Who ?
Mr. SPALDING. The people of New York;
the citizens are not satisfied to have the post
office erected in the park, where the Govern-
ment has purchased a site.
Mr. BROOKS. Here are six Represent-
atives of the city who do not object.
Mr. SPALDING. The Government did not
pay tha£ money with a view to speculation, and
if the city of New York wants the lot back
again unquestionably they can have it. But I
am here to say in behalf of the Committee on
Appropriations that if they had been prepared
to commence the post office in the city of New
York they would have got an equal appropria-
tion, if not a larger one, than that now given
to Boston. No one objects to giving to New
York at the proper time the necessary appro-
priation. But we have it from credible au-
thority, from official authority, that they are
not yet prepared to commence the post office
there.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I was
about to say exactly the same thing.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to reduce the
appropriation $1,000. I do it for the purpose
of saying that in my judgment the condition of
the Treasury of the United States is such as to
forbid our entering at this time upon the ex-
penditure of millions of dollars for new build-
ings. I understand thatneither of these build-
ings is commenced. We have merely purchased
sites for the buildings when we wish to nse
them for that purpose.
Now, here are two propositions before the
committee asking for an appropriation of some
four or five hundred thousand dollars at this
time. That, we all know, is but the entering
wedge for an expenditure of millions of dol-
lars. These, I believe, are the only cases in
which the committee ask for appropriations to
commence new public buildings. It has been
urged here that we have already expended
money upon buildings, and that economy re-
quires thatwe should go on and complete them.
To that the House has assented, and voted
sums of money for the completion of various
buildings. But this is a case of a different
character. These appropriations can be post-
poned. The post office facilities are just as
good in the cities of Boston and New York
now as they were twelve months ago. I think
we should wait until we are in a better financial
condition before we enter upon these works.
The public debt statements show an increase
of indebtedness every month. The debt is
growing to giant proportions, and here is a prop-
osition before us to expend millions and mil-
lions more for this purpose. I hope the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York will be
rejected, and then I shall move to strike out, the
original paragraph. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by increasing the amount $1,000. The
gentleman from Missouri can have no idea of
the amount of rent paid by the Federal Gov-
ernment for rent for court-rooms and offices
for the Federal officers, marshal, deputy mar-
shals, district attorney, and others in the city
of New York. It is over twenty-five thousand
dollars a year. The building at present occu-
pied as a post office is so inconvenient that
more than one third more clerks are needed
than would be required in a properly arranged
post office. There is no light in the office;
gas has to be used all the time. It is an old
church, perhaps a hundred years old.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Howmuch doesthegen-
tleman estimate that this building will cost?
Mr. BROOKS. I do not know. It must
be built some time or other, let the cost be
what it may.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I suppose the cost of
the building will be two or three million dol-
lars. The gentleman can estimate the interest
on that amount and see what it will amount to.
Mr. BROOKS. It must be built some time
or other. As the Government is now provided
there, there is not a foreign letter that comes
through the office that is safe from fire, rob-
bery, and burglary. I do not care anything
about this matter simply on account of the city
of New York. It is not a New York city post
office, but a Federal post office ; and the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Bexjamin] is as
much interested in this post office as I am,
except that I am a Representative of a portion
of the city of New York. I withdraw my
amendment to the amendment.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Brooks ; and on a division there
were—-ayes 37, noes 37 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were appointed ; and Mr. Benjamin'
and Mr. Brooks were appointed.
