1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57
claims? I answer him by sayiug that the
House has made an exception to its general
rules already. I was not present here myself,
but I understand my associates on the com-
mittee did i;eport a claim of this kind from
Georgia at the last session of this Congress,
and it did pass. Whether the gentleman was
as vigilant then as now I do not know, and the
only reason 1 answer him in this spirit is, he
seetns to assume that there was something
criminal in my asking for a fair investigation
of this matter. If he did not assume that
why this parade about hundreds of millions of
other claims?
I say again to the House that there is some-
thing special in this case; that this petitioner
was a liepresentative of Virginia on this floor
in the midst of the rebellion, and that at the
time when he was giving his voice and his vote
earnestly in favor of every measure necessary
to push on the war and put an end to the re-
bellion, this injury was done to liis own prop-
erty. I only ask that the facts be investigated.
1 think it is not asking very much to submit
them to the Court of Claims. The Committee
of Claims has not been in the habit of dis-
charging this sort of duty. 1 understand the
property is in the region of Norfolk, and I
suppose the testimony ought to be taken on
the spot. The authorities and the Represent-
atives of the Government ought to be conver-
sant, with the premises involved in the dispute,
and see all about the facts ; and when they aie
ascertained, let not simply the conclusions but
the testimony be reported to this House, lhat
is what is contemplated by the bill.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether the bill is susceptible of amend-
ment?
Mr. BINGHAM. It may be for aught I
know.
Mr. KELLEY. And whether, if so, a case
strikingly analogous to this may not be in-
cluded. It is the case of an engineer of the
United States Navy who was away in the ser-
vice of the country—the late E. A. W hippie
and while away our Army took possession of
his property, cut his wood, burned his house,
and finally cleared everything away, lest it
should protect the enemy. The papers relat-
ing to the claim are now on my desk. It seems
to me if the case of a man who was in Congress
entitles it to be made an exception, then cer-
tainly the case of one who was on the sea, an
engineer on one of our armed vessels, is clearly
within the same scope. J therefore move to
amend by inserting the name of the widow of
E. A. W hipple, engineer.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a quest-ion of order. I think the question is
now upon reference.
The SPEAKER. It is. The gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] moved to refer
the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. IIoMan]
moved to amend that motion by substituting
the Committee of Claims for the Committee on
the J udiciary.
Mr. BINGHAM. And my motion is to put
the bill upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer takes
precedence of that.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. 1
wish to make a single statement, in order that
the House in voting upon this question may
vote understanding^. This question is before
the Committee of Claims, and has been before
that committee for some time. It is proposed
t.0 take this matter out of the ordinary course.
This bill has never b^en referred to a commit-
tee of this House, and the simple question for
the House to decide is whether this particular
bill shall take the ordinary course and be re-
ferred to a committee. We have very many
bills pending before the Committee of Claims
of a similar character to this bill. It is true
that if you say that it is for the relief of a mem-
ber of Congress who has had his property taken
and appropriated'by the Government, there
are few cases like it, but there are many cases
where there were men who went into the neiu
and while they were fighting the battles of their
country the Government took possession of
their property and appropriated it, and those
claims are now pending before the committee.
1 think we ought not to single out this bill and
pass it at once without reference to a commit-
tee. If it is such a bill as has been represented
it will bear investigation by any committee.
Let it go to the Committee of Claims and let
them report upon it. If in their judgment this
case should be referred to the Court of Claims
they will report it back. There is time enough.
There are several cases from the State of Ten-
nessee, as strong cases as can be made out,
that have been pressed before the committee.
AH I ask is that we shall adopt some settled
policy in regard to all these cases, and not single
out a particular ease.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would inquire of the
gentleman whether the Committee of Claims
did not report a case last session to this House
and ask that it be referred to the Court of
Claims for investigation?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I do
not understand that they reported any case like
this; but the gentleman knows very well that
there are several eases pending that we laid
over until this session.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to have an answer to my question ? I wish
to know whether we did not report to this
House a claim at the last session, and ask that
the Court of Claims should investigate it?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. No
bill similar in any degree to this. If upon ex-
amination, in the judgment of the committee
this claim ought to be referred to the Court of
Claims, we can report the bill back. But what
I object to is that this bill, which has been re-
ferred to no committee and has notbeen exam-
ined in this House, should be pressed through
at the very commencement of the session.^ The
gentleman saysthere are no other cases like it.
He knows that there are many cases pending
to-day before the Committee of Claims of men
who were lighting in our Army when their prop-
erty was appropriated by the Government. All
I ask is that the bill shall be referred, so that
the House can act upon it understanding^,
and that all these cases shall be put npon the
same basis. I therefore hope that the motion
to refer the bill to the Committee of Claims
will prevail.
Mr. EARNSWOETII. I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. Holman's amendment was agreed to;
and Mr. Bexjamix's motion, as amended, was
then agreed to. ,
So the bill was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
referred ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
governments of virginia amd texas.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 178) respecting
the provisional governments of Virginia and
Texas: which was read a first and second time.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved that the joint reso-
lution be referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction.
The motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the House
now adjourn. .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman will withdraw that motion, I will move
that the House now resolve itself into a Com-
mittee of the Whole, as some of my friends
have expressed a desire to be heard in com-
mittee, particularly my fiiend from the Ken-
nebec district of Maine, [Mr. Blaine. J
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 will withdraw my motion
for that purpose. ,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House now resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the President's
annual message. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The President's message
of last year is still in Committeeof the Whole,
undisposed of. The message of this year ia
not in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Where-is the message
of this year?
The SPEAKER. It has been laid upon the
table.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Washbcrne, of Illinois; and being taken,
upon a division there were—ayes seventy-six,
noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly the House resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Hopkins in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the President's annual mes-
sage of 1867.
national affaikk,
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Chairman, the three
presidential elections which have resulted in
victory to the Republican party are by far the
most memorable and momentous in the history
of our country. The issues at stake each time
have been grander, the contest on either side
fiercer, the verdict in each instance more de-
cisive and significant than ever attended pre-
vious struggles for the control of the national
Government. In the first victory of 18G0
slavery-propagandism received its fatal blow—
the American people deciding that at all haz-
ards the further spread of liuman servitude into
free territory should cease. This decision was
resisted by a rebellious war, and the war led
to the necessity of entirely abolishing the insti-
tution whose extension hacl been merely cheeked
by the expression of the popular will. The
election of18G4 turned upon the point of con-
tinuing or discontinuing the bloody contest,
which up to that time had raged with unabated
fury and with enormous sacrifice of life and
property. The vote of the people demanded
the prosecution of the war until the rebellion
should be suppressed, the national unity se-
cured, and slavery utterly abolished through-
out the length and breadth of the land. ^ Had
the verdict then rendered been enforced in the
Cabinet as faithfully as it %vas in the field, the
Presidential struggle of 1808 would not have
turned upon the issues which actually entered
into it. But the unexpected and unprece-
dented course of the Executive,^ the revived
malignity of the southern rebellion, and the
manifold attacks on our national character and
credit by the Democratic party, rendered the
victory of 1808 as absolutely essential to con-
servte and preserve the fruits of our great tri-
umph, as was the victory of 1804 to insure the
prosecution of the war to a successful conclu-
sion. And now that -victory, complete and
unsullied, has beenwon, and the passions nat-
urally engendered in the heat of the canvass
are gradually cooling, it may not be unprofit-
able to take a hasty glance at the ground we
have passed over, and to make a brief summary
of the points that have been solemnly adjudi-
cated and permanently settled by the American
people in the election of General Grant to the
Presidency.
And first: The nnion of the States has
been maintained, and its perpetuity guarantied,
by this election, in a sense and with a force
that %vere never before enunciated when the
question wa3 involved. I do not mean to
assert that the election of Mr. Seymour would
have necessarily led to a separation of the
States, though there are not wanting facts of
great significance that might well justify such
an inference and such a fear. But what I do
mean is that the triumph of the Democratic
party under its rebel lead, and the formal
installing of that element in supreme execu-
tive control, would have destroyed the true
aim and spirit of the Union and reduced our
Government as Mr. Webster said the same
pernicious theories would have reduced it in
1830, "to the worst forms of the old Confed-
eration" in which the "lost cause would
\
