1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1*000
to anticipate difficulties which do not really
threaten us.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, we are
now coining to an important practical ques-
tion, and I shall be excused, for one, I have
no doubt, for expressing my views briefly upon
it; because I regard this amendment, ifadopted,
as fatal in its consequences to the very ends
that gentlemen wish to attain. I wish gentle-
men to bear in mind that all that we propose
to do to amend the Constitution is to confer
upon citizens, not upon aliens, certain rights
that, we suppose them now to be deprived of
either legally or illegally. It has nothing to
do with the question whether the Asiatic race
should be received into the family of this nation
as citizens. It only speaks as to the political
status of citizens of the United States. Now,
I should be glad to know what sort of a spec-
tacle we shall make in history, dealing with
our male adult citizens, if we declare in the
fundamental law which regulates the very sub-
structure of society that the citizens of African
descent shall be entitled to certain privileges
by name.
Mr. FERRY. Entitled to the same rights
with other citizens.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, entitled to the same
rights with other citizens; and then the question
arises, what are the rights of other citizens?
Taking the view that in the present state of
constitutional law it belongs to the States and
is with them, the rights of some citizens of Con-
necticut are one thing and of other citizens an-
other thing. Which class of citizens of Con-
necticut is to furnish the standard of compari-
son?
Mr. WILLIAMS. The amendment provides
that they shall have the same political rights as
electors of the most numerous branch of the
State Legislature.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend would have
waited I should have proceeded to that. Now,
what are the qualifications of electors of the
most numerous branch of the Legislature in
Connecticut? One is that they have got to be
white, I believe, is it not?
Mr. FERRY. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Therefore, we say that
negroes shall have the same rights and privi-
leges as the white electors there. Very well.
Now, you go to another State, for instance
New Hampshire, and you find a different rule
prevailing. Then you go to Rhode Island.
There the question of the CelL or any other
alien comes in, and if the negro possesses a
certain qualification of property he may vote,
if he is to be put upon the grade of the natu-
ralized citizen. If he does not possess a cer-
tain qualification of property, if you make the
natural born citizen the standard, then he may
vote. Now, " Under which king, Bezonian ?"
as the proverb is. Why, sir, it leads you to
infinite confusion and difficulty. Bat what is
worse, it undertakes to leave with the States,
after all, the regulation of suffrage, the confer-
ring or withholding it entirely, and therefore
you merely turn the African alone, to speak
of nobody else, over to every State of which
he is an inhabitant or a citizen to fix qualifica-
tion of property, of intelligence, of religion,
of landholding, of anything that may reduce a
State government to an aristocracy, as it has
been in South Carolina and many ot the other
States under old influences; and where is the
benefit to the African, then ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
of the Senator if the amendment reported by
the committee does not leave the entire power
in the hands of the States to provide any edu-
cational or property or other qualification that
they see proper for voters ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very likely it does under
one construction ; but it does not invite it. It
does not undertake to take one particular class
of people in this country who happen to have
been born in one zone of the earth rather than
another, and say that they, and they alone,
shall be entitled to the political privileges that
are accorded to the electors for the most numer-
ous branch of the Legislature. that is the
40th Comg. 3d Sess.—No. 64.
answer. I do not maintain that under the
amendment as it has been reported absolute
security is obtained for the ignorant and unin-
telligent and poor negro or poor anybody else.
I do not know whether it ought to be or not ;
but the point of this specific amendment is
claimed to be—'that is said to be the virtue of
it—that it enfranchises securely and completely
the African. I say it does not do anything of
the kind.. I say it undertakes to dispose of
him in the fundamental law,when you leave the
native of every other country under the sun,
the descendant of every other race under the
sun, entirely to the mercy of the States. Sir,
if this question is important enough for the
national will to be invoked and the consent of
all the States to be invoked in adjusting a fund-
amental law as to the principle upon which
political rights are to be secured and based,
then, I say, and I shall be excused for the ex-
pression, that it is little less than an outrage
upon the patriotism and good sense of a coun-
try like this, made up of the descendants of all
nations, to impose upon them an amendment
of that kind.
Mr. WARNER. I hope this amendment
will not be adopted. I hope the Congress of
this country will not single out one race for
protection; but that we shall go at once to the
broad, grand, affirmative proposition which
shall sccuro the object the Senator from Ver-
mont so well states—that of securing to all the
citizens of this country their rights. I think
this proposition to single out one race is the
weakest one that can be put before the coun-
try. If we want to strengthen it and give it a
chance of adoption, we ought to amend it and
insert the Irish and Germans. I think to
single out one race is unworthy of the country
and unworthy of the great opportunity now
presented to us. We ought to go to the root
of the matter by putting in the fundamental
law a provision which will make the Constitu-
tion beyond doubt mean what the Senators
from Vermont and Massachusetts now under-
stand it to mean.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
hope that this proposition will be adopted ; for
of all the amendments which have been offered
I think it is the best. Our object is to meet a
wrong done to a class of black native citizens;
to give them the same privileges that other
citizens of the United States possess. The
Constitution gives to the United States the
right to establish a uniform system of natural-
ization ; so that Europeans and Asiatics com-
ing to our coast may bo naturalized upon the
same conditions in California and in New
York. So by the passage of this proposition
we shall relieve these black citizens, native to
the soil, from the wrong which is done them,
without doing any wrong to the Asiatics who
may flow in upon our western shores. I pre-
fer, for one, to leave that question open , so that
if a war springs up in Asia and these increas-
ing tides of immigration from Asia pour upon
our Pacific coast in such numbers as to en-
danger the welfare of those States, they may
have it' in their power to guard themselves
against the threatened evils, and then, if any
evil should result, it will be in our power to
remedy it. "Sufficient unto the day is the
evil thereof." Let us meet this evil, and not
in attempting to meet it provide others that we
know not of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Welch
in the chair.) The question is upon the amend-
ment of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. WARNER. If it is in order, with a
view to test the sense of the Senate on the
subject, I will move to substitute for the pend-
ing proposition 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ An amend-
ment is not now in order. There is an amend-
ment to an amendment pending
Mr. WILSON. Is it not in order to move
to amend the original resolution before we vote
to strike it out?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; this m an amend-
ment proposed ; we- are not striking out any-
thing. -
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. YATES. I wish to ask the Senator
from Michigan what answer he has to mate to
the question of the Senator from Vermont,
which to me will.be an objection; and that is,
if the colored people are to have the same
qualifications as electors for the most numer- ■
oris branch of the Legislature, whether in Con-
necticut, for instance, the negroes could vote
at all? Will it not enable the State Legisla-
ture to decide as to the qualifications of the
electors ? I should like to have an answer td
that question.
Mr. HOWARD. The effect of my amend-
ment will be to put the citizens of African
desccnt upon precisely the same ground as
other citizens in respect to voting and holding
office. The qualifications for voting and hold-
ing office in the States are matters of course
pertaining to the State Legislatures.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The State constitution
you mean.
Mr. HOWARD. The constitutions or Legis-
latures, as the case may be. It is a State
power; a State right, at least. I do not now
propose to disturb that right any further than
it may be affected by that amendment. If the
States see fit to enact qualifications which will
exclude large portions of citizens that exclu-
sion will operate equally upon the whites and
the blacks, and must necessarily do so.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to ask the
Senator from Michigan if they could not do
this under his amendment: sujppose that in a
section of country where there is agreat preju-
dice against colored men voting the community
should resolve to attach a qualification of
$10,000 of real estate to the electors of the
most numerous branch of the State Legisla-
ture, allow everybody to vote for all the other
officers, but put this qualification so high that
a select few would elect that lower Branch,
would they not do that to avoid the colored
vote altogether?
Mr. HOWARD. I should not apprehend
any such result.
Mr. STEWART. They could do that.
Mr. HOWARD. They could do many other
very absurd things if they saw fit to attempt
them.
Mr. WILLIAMS. They could avoid one
amendment as well as another.
Mr. HOAVARD. Of course they could avoid
one amendment as well as another.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What do you mean by
"African descent?"
Mr. HOWARD. I mean by African descent
what is popularly known as such. Certainly I
cannot give the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois any knowledge or instruction on that sub-
ject. By one of "African descent" is under-
stood a person who has African blood in his
veins.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ever so little?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; not ever so little.
That is a matter to be decided sometimes by a
court of justice. It is a popular phrase, well
understood by everybody. It designates what
is commonly known as the negro, orsomeper-
son having colored blood in his veins to the
amount of at least one eighth. I believe it is
settled by the courts of justice that when the
quantity becomes less than one eighth, m law
and in jurisprudence he is called a white man,
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is so in some
States; in others it is not.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to make a sugges-
tion. We are trying to get the best propo-
sition ; and I suggest that we amend the
proposition of the committee by stnkmg out
the words " orprevious condition of servitude'
and inserting certain other words, so as to
make it read:
Xh© right of citizens of 1111■ United States to rote
and hold office shall not be denied or abridged by
tho United State? or by ?ny State on account ot race,
f eoior, nativity, property, education, or religious
belief.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is net in
