1762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,"
ment constructs a building of its own it will
save this $12,000, which is the interest on
$200,000, the same interest which we pay on
our five-twenty bonds and in reference to which
there is so much complaint. We will not only
save this interest or rent, but we will also save
the interest on the money which we have already
appropriated provided we go on and complete
this branch mint. There is a lot there owned
by the G overnment which may be sold and will
probably bring eighty or one hundred thousand
dollars, which may go toward defraying the
expense of this building when the branch mint
is removed from its present location.
I have no donbt it costs at least $20,000 a
year to cover all the expenses, which would not
be incurred if the Government had a proper
building there. It is a wise economy on our
part to go on with this work and complete it
at the earliest practicable moment. It is a fact
that we are expending yearly in rent more than
the interest of the money which would complete
the construction of the work.
The present building is entirely inadequate.
The labor done there is done at a great disad-
vantage. I know that it costs more than it
should, but that is because the building is not
fitted for the purpose. It has not the con-
veniences and accommodations which are
necessary.
Why are such appropriations put in here?
Because the Government is paying large
amounts of money for the hire of buildings.
The expenses on this side of the country are
the same as they would be there, with this slight
difference that the rate of interest and rents
are higher in San Francisco than in Boston
when we take into consideration the difference
between paper and gold. For that reason it
would be economy for the Government to make
this appropriation.
The question being put on the amendment
of Mr. Higby, there were—ayes 19, noes 40 ;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Axtbll
and Spaldixg were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 51, noes 63.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. AXTBLL. I now move to amend by
inserting the following:
For branch mint at Sail Francisco, 4150,000,
I desire to say in regard to the amendments
that have been passed for buildings at Madison
and Springfield and other points, that were
moved to the deficiency bill, gentlemen came
in and sustained the appropriations for one half
the amount of the estimates.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the gentleman if
there is not an appropriation now unexpended
of $150,000 for San Francisco ? I believe it is
the fact and I suppose the gentleman is aware
of it. It is probably more than they will need
till another appropriation bill is passed.
Mr. AXTELL. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania had charge of the deficiency bill, and
this appropriation was defeated in the same
shape that is now presented here ; and I under-
stood liim to assure me and others that we
should have the money for our mint, but not
in that bill. It is true there is a sum of money
unexpended in this case, I do not know ex-
actly how much, but I think about one hun-
dred thousand dollars.
Mr. SCOFIELD. One hundred and fifty
thousand dollars.
Mr. AXTBLL. But it is also true that we
have paid $100,000 for the lot and that there
is not sufficient money left to go on with the
work of building the walls. The lot was pur-
chased in 1866. We are now quarrying the
stone and laying out money for superintendence
and making preparation for building, but we
dare not go on and put up the walls lest we
should not be able to inclose them.
Now, sir, I say to the gentlemen on the Re-
publican side of the House that they are not
dealing in the spirit of justice with the city of
San Francisco. You have given to Boston
and to New York liberally in this bill. I am
glad of it. You make appropriations for your
harbors and rivers, to erect light-houses and
remove bars, to erect public buildings in vari-
ous places, but we on the Pacific cannot obtain
a dollar for our harbors and our public works
because we are represented by only three mem-
bers. You combine and carry appropriations
for your side because you are strong, but
you permit ours to be lost because we are
weak. New England obtains all she asks for ;
her members work well together. N ow, sir,
let her be fair to San Francisco, whose com-
merce outranks that of Boston. She pays
more money into the Treasury than Boston.
You look to our coast for the coin to pay the
interest on your public debt. You look there
for your revenue to enable you to meet your
obligations, and you should not deal with us
in a niggardly spirit.
And you men of the Northwest, with your
combinations here, are able to get through your
appropriations for your buildings and your im-
provements. Now, the same buildings are re-
quired in San Francisco that you require. I
assure you we have no post office and no
custom-house building, and the Department
of War on our coast has no buildings. The
Government is renting rooms in various parts
of the city. I beg gentlemen to give us this
appropriation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SPALDING. I ask for a vote on the
amendment.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
29, noes 42 ; no quorum voting
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Axtell and
Mr. Spaldixg were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 61, noes 54.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move to add
to the amendment just adopted the following:
For court-house and post office at Topeka, Kansas,
$50,000, to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the point of order
that this is independent legislation, an original
proposition to expend money.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman from
Kansas state if there is any law providing for
the erection of this building?
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. The amendment
speaks for itself.
Mr. SPALDING. There is no law for it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
For court-house, Springfield, Illinois, $25,000: Pro-
vided, That the Secretary of the Treasury may, at his
discretion, designate any officer of the United States
who has given bonds for the faithful performance of
his duties, as disbursing agent for the payment of all
moneys that are or may be appropriated for the con-
struction of public buildings authorized by law m
their respective districts.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out that
paragraph. My motive jn making that motion
is this: when the deficiency bill was pending
an appropriation of §25,000 was inserted iu
that bill for this purpose, and I certainly under-
stood the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cul-
lom] who offered the amendment to say that
$25,000 was all that was necessary to complete
this building.
Mr. CULLOM. The gentleman misunder-
stood me. I meant to say that I supposed the
amount that was in the regular bill with what
I finally succeeded in getting put in the defi-
ciency bill would finish the building, and I
hope it will. I knew at the time I offered the
amendment that the Committee on Appropri-
ations had allowed $25,000 in this bill, and I
believed that if I could get $25,000 more in the
deficiency bill the Government might be able
to complete the building with that amount. I
did not intend to represent that the $25,000
put in the deficiency bill would complete the
building.
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman be
content with what is in the estimate? The
estimate is only $5,000.
Mr. CULLOM. That is for another purpose.
The Secretary estimates for $5,000 for the
approaches to the building, but that is not
reported by the committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand, then, that
the amount already appropriated in the defi-
ciency bill is the sum estimated for the com-
pletion of the building.
Mr. CULLOM. The amount estimated to
complete the building is $50,000. Twenty-five
thousand dollars has already been put in the
deficiency bill, and this is $25,000 in the regu-
lar bill for next year.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. MULLINS. I offer the following amend-
ment :
For post office and custom-house at Nashville,
Tennessee, $20,000.
Mr. Chairman, I gave the committee the
other night all the arguments and all the evi-
dences touching the propriety of this amend-
ment. I merely desire to add now a statement
of interest lost which I have hastily summed up.
You appropriated $100,000 for this purpose in
1852 or 1853. I put it at fifteen years, although
that would make it seventeen. You have lost
every dime of interest on that $100,000, which
would amount to $90,000 in fifteen years, and
in addition to that you have been paying on
an average $1,500 a year in rent for buildings for
those fifteen years, which would make nearly
one hundred thousand dollars in all. We never
had a building of this character in the city of
Nashville. I do not represent that district
directly, but I claim that I represent the State
and the United States in part, and I am for
doing justice to all parts of it. I cannot, under
my oath, stand here and say that I am for an
appropriation for one spot and against appro-
priations for others.
And I ask if the Government does not need
an office in the city of Nashville as much as
it does at any other point that has no more
inhabitants than the State of Tennessee ? Nash-
ville is one of the great central points of the
Slate. It is located on the banks of a navi-
gable stream ; of a stream that for nine or ten
months of the year has not its equal there in
point of its length, being some ten or twelve
hundred miles long. Then there are railroads
centering at that city which carry the mails
there, and from there all through the South.
And yet, my dear sir, there is not a public
building in the shape of a post office or custom-
house in that city. In addition to that they
pay a rent of $1,000 a year for a revenue office
and $1,500 a year for a post office, making
$2,500 a year the Government is paying out
there. I now leave the matter to the House.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Mullixs ; and upon a division
there were—ayes ten, noes not counted.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. MULLINS called for tellers.
The question was taken upon ordering tel-
lers ; and there were seven in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
Accordingly the amendment of Mr. Mullins
was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
interior department.
Rent of office for surveyors general:
For rent of surveyor general's office in the Terri-
tory of Dakota, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, $2,000.
Mr. LOGAN. I move, with the consent and
approval of the Committee on Appropriations,
to insert the following after the paragraph
last read:
For the continuance of the geological survey of
the Territories of the United States by Professor
Hayden, under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, $10,000.
I have drawn this amendment so that there
can be no objection to it on the part of any
of the territorial Delegates, as it applies to all
the Territories. I have but one other remark
to make. Not more than half an hour ago we
voted to appropriate, according to a calculation
I have made, the sum of $450,000 for a con-
tinuation of the Coast Survey.
The amendment of Mr. Logan was agreed to.
