1869.
THE CO JSTGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
1763
The Clerk read as follows:
For finishing the work on the north front of the
Patent Office building, and for improving Gstreet
from Seventh to Ninth street, $10,000: Provided,
That the corporation of Washington city cause the j
north half of Gt street, between Seventh and Ninth ,
streets to be paved at the same time, the cost thereof
to be assessed against the private property fronting
thereupon in the manner usual in cases of such
improvements.
Mr. SPAbDING. I move to amend this
paragraph by striking out " $10,000" and in-
serting *' $8,500that is sufficient.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Smithsonian Institution:
For tbe preservation of the collections of the
exploring and surveying expeditions of the Govern-
ment, $4,000.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend this
paragraph by striking out " §4,000" and in-
serting " $10,000." And I wish briefly to call
the attention of the Committee of the Whole to
the facts upon which I base my motion.
In 1846, when the Smithsonian Institution
was founded, the Government of the United
States, by a law of Congress, transferred to
that institution all the articles now belonging
to the museum which the Government then
owned. At that time it was costing $4,000 a
year to take care of and preserve those articles.
Since then a great number of exploring expe-
ditions have been sent out by the Government,
and large additions have been made to the
museum. And the actual cost of taking care
of and keeping the articles which the Govern-
ment now owns amounts to more than $10,000
a year. Having imposed this duty upon the
Smithsonian Institution, it is wrong for the
Government to ask that institution to pay
$6,000 out of its own fund—donated by a for-
eigner to the cause of science in this country—
for the care, preservation, and custody of
Government property, to say nothing of the
use of the building for that purpose.
Mr. MAYNARD. What are the items of
the expenditure for that purpose? It cer-
tainly is not all for personal supervision.
Mr. GARETELD. Only so far as the Board
of Regents have to employ persons to take care
of and wateh that these things are properly
guarded. I have here a memorial of the Board
of Regents, ofwhichlamamember. Itissigned
by the chancellor ofthe institution, Chief Justice
Chase, and by the secretary of the institution,
Professor Henry. Accompanying that is a de-
tailed statement of the expenses of the National
Museum for the year 1868. I ask the attention of
members to these papers, which are as follows :
To the honorable the Senate and House of Represent-
atives in Congress assembled:
In behalf of the Board of Regents of the Smith-
sonian Institution the undersigned beg leave respect-
fully to submit to your honorable body the following
statement, and to solicit such action in regard to it
as may be deemed just and proper:
The act of Congress organizing the institution or-
dered the erection of a building which should accom-
modate on a liberal scale, besides a library and a
gallery of art, a museum consisting of ail the speci-
mens of natural history, geology, and art, which then
belonged to the Government.or which might there-
after come into its possession by exchange or other-
wise. Although the majority of the regents did not
consider the maintenance of these objects to be in
accordance with the intention of Smithson, as in-
ferred from a strict interpretation ofthe terms of his
will, yet in obedience to the commands of Congress
they proceeded to erect a building of the necessary
dimensions, and to take charge of the Government
collections.
The erection and maintenance of so large and ex-
pensive an edifice, involving an outlay of $450,000,
and the charge of the Government museum, have
proved a grievous burden on the institution, increas-
ing from year to year, which, had not its effects been
counteracted by a judicious management of the
funds, would have paralyzed tbe legitimate opera-
tions of the establishment and frustrated the evident
intention of Smithson.
It is true that Congress at the time tbe specimens
were transferred to the institution granted an ap-
propriation of $4,000 for their care and preservation,
that being the equivalent of the estimated cost or
the maintenance of these collections in the Patent
Office where they had previously been exhibited.
•But this sum, from the rise in prioes and the expan-
sion of the museum by the specimens obtained from
about fifty exploring expeditions ordered by Con-
gress, scarcely more than defrays, at the present time,
one third of the annual expense. In this estimate no
account is taken of the rent ofthe part ofthe building
aevoted to the museum of the Government, which at
a moderate estimate would be $20,000 per annum.
Besides the large expenditure which has already
been made on the building, at least $50,000 more will
bo required to finish theiarge hall in thesecond story
necessary for the full display of the specimens of the
Government. But the regents do not think it judi-
cious further to embarrass the active operations for
several years to come by devotingalarge part ofthe
incomc to this object, and have therefore concluded
to allow this room to remain unfinished until other
means are provided for completing it.
It is not by its castellated building nor the exhibi-
tion of tbe museum of the Government that the in-
stitution has achieved its presentreputation, nor by
the coilection and display of material objects of any
kind that it has vindicated theintelligenceand good
faith of the Government in the administration of
the trust; it is by its explorations, its researches, its
publications, its distribution of specimens, and its
exchanges, constituting it an active, living organi-
zation, that it has rendered itself favorably known
in every part of tbe civilized world, has made con-
tributions to almost every branch of science, and
brought more than ever before into intim.ite and
friendly relations the Old and the NewWorlds.
A central museum for a complete representation
of the natural products of America, with such foreign
specimens as may be required for comparison and
generalization, is of great importance, particularly
as a means of developing and illustrating our indus-
trial resources, as well as of facilitating the study of
the relations of our geology, mineralogy,flora and
fauna, to those of theOld World. But the benefit of
such an establishment is principally confined to this
country, and does not partake of the cosmopolitan
character of an institution such as Smithson intended ;
to found, and therefore ought not to be supported ,
from bis bequest. |
TheBoard of Regents areconfidentthat upon a full
consideration of the case your honorable body will
grant an adequate support for the collections of the
Government, and also an appropriation for finishing
the repairs of the buildine, and eventually, when the
financial condition of thecountry will permit, for the
independent maintenance of a national museum.
It may not be improper in addition to what has
been said to recall the tact that the Smithsonian In-
stitution has transferred, without cost, to the library
of Congress, one of the most valuable and complete
collections ofthe transactions of scientific and learned
societies and serial publications in existence, consist-
ing of at least fifty thousand works, which, with the
annual continuations of thesame series, mustrender
Washington acenter of scientific knowledge, and the
library itself worthy of the nation; nnd that it has
also presented to the Government its valuable col-
lection of specimens of art, illustrating the history
of engraving from the earliest periods. It is prepared
to render a similar service to a National Museum, by
the exchanges from foreign museums to which it has
been aliberalcontributor, and which mny be obtained
as soon as means are provided for their transporta-
tion and accommodation.
It m.iy also be mentioned that the Institution has
rendered important service to the Government
through the scientific investigations it hns made in
connection with the operations of the different De-
partments, and it is not too much to say that through
thelabors of its officers it has been tbe means of saving
millions of dollars to the national Treasury.
In conclusion your memorialists beg leave to rep-
resent on behalf of the Board of Regents th it the
usual annual appropriation of $4,000 is wholly inade-
quate to the cost of preparing, preserving, and ex-
hibiting tbe specimens, the actual expenditure tor
that purposeinlS07 having been over twelve thousand
dollars; and they take the liberty oi respectfully
urging on your honorable body the expediency of
increasing it to $10,000, and that a further sum of
$25 000 be appropriated at this session of Congress
toward the completion of the hall required for the
Government collections.
And your memorialists will ever pray, &c., &c.
S. P. CHASE.
Chancellor Smithsonian Institution.
JOSEPH HENRY,.
Secretary Smithsonian Institution.
The following is a statement of the expense
of the National Museum for the year lStiS :
Glassforcases    $154 33
Carbolic acid, insect powder, and arsenic... *2 So
Glass bottles and jars  96 6S
Trays  1^0 01
Wrapping-paper  63 90
Benzine, paint, oil, varnish, putty, brushes 201 87
Saucers for nests and eggs  22 30
Stationery, index-books, and blanks  123 57
Labels for specimens  208 04
Locks, keys, handles, funnels, measures,
tools, cans, &c  05
Paper and poison for plants  34i 20
Numbers and labels for minerals  94 41
Examination, cleaning, assorting, and la-
beling shells  -
Books for proper labeling specimens  430 4/
Tow for stuffing large animals (bears)  24 90
Artificial eyes for birds, &c  35 95
Packing boxes  50 40
Alcohol   ..  400 00
Mounting birds, beaver, &c  IVto o<)
Freight on collections  1.200 00
Walnut cases for specimens  1,100 00
Heating room lor collections  500 00
Assistants, one at $2,500, one at $600, one at
$500, and one at $300     3,900 00
Laborers and watchmen, one at $S40, one
one at $660, one at $600, one at $312, and
one at $312    2.T24 00
$13,480 38
In addition to the foregoing, $125,000 have
been expended since the fire in 1865 on that
part of the building required for the accom-
modation of the museum, the interest on which
at six per cent, would be $7,500 annually.
The bequest to found this institution was
from a foreigner who never visited the United
States. He bequeathed his fortune with unre-
served confidence to our Government for the
advancement of science, to which he had de-
voted his own life. The sacrednessof the trust
is enhanced from the fact that it was accepted
after the death of him by whom it was confided.
The only indications of his intentions which
we possess are expressed in the terms of his
will. It therefore became of the first import-
ance that the import of these terms should be
critically analyzed and the logical inference
from them faithfully observed. The whole is
contained in these few and explicit words:
"To found at Washington, under the name of the
Smithsonian Institution, an establishment for the
increase and diffusion of knowledge among men."
These terms have a strictly scientific import,
and are susceptible of a series of definite
propositions.
First. The bequest is for the benefit of man-
kind ; not to be confined to one country, to one
race, but to all men of all complexions.
Second. The objects of the institution are
primarily to increase, and secondly, to diffuse
knowledge among men, and these objects
should not be confounded with each other.
The will makes no restriction of any kind of
knowledge, hence, every branch of science
capable of advancement is entitled to a share
of attention.
Though the terms of the will are explicit
and convey precise scientific ideas to those who
are acquainted with theirtechnical significance,
yet to the public generally they might seem to
admit of a greater latitude of construction than
has been put upon them. It is, therefore, not
surprising that at the commencement improper
conceptions of the nature of the bequestshould
have been entertained or that Congress in the
act of organization should direct the prosecu-
tion of objects incompatible with the strict
interpretation of it orto impose burdens upon
the institution tending materially to affect its
usefulness.
The principal of such burdens was the direc-
tion to provide a building on an ample scale
to make provision for the accommodation of
the collections of Government, consisting of
all the specimens of nature and art then in the
city of Washington or that might thereafter
become the property of the Government by
exchange or otherwise.
Though the majority of the Board of Regents
did not consider the expenditure of a large
amount of the income on this subject in ac-
cordance with the will of Smithson, they could
not refuse to obey the injunction of Congress
and proceeded to erect an extended building
and to take charge of the museum of the Gov-
ernment. The cost of this building, which at
first was $325,000, has been increased by the
reparation of damages caused by the fire to
$450,000, the whole of which has been defrayed
fiom the annual income. Notwithstanding this
burden the institution has achieved a reputa-
tion as wide as the civilized world, has advanced
almost every branch of knowledge, and pre-
sented books and specimens to hundreds of in-
stitutions and societies in this country and
abroad.
It is not a mere statistical establishment, as
many may suppose, supporting a corps of
individuals whose only duty is the exhibition of
the articles of the show museum ; but a living,
active organization that has by its publications,
researches, explorations, distribution of speci-
mens and exchanges, vindicated the intelli-
gence and good faith of the Government in
administering a fund intended for the good of
the whole community of civilized men. It
has at the same time collected a library,
principally of the transactions and proceed-
ings of learned societies, the most perfect one
of the kind in the world, consisting of fifty
