60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lative Assembly of Oregon, in favor of grant-
ing and confirming to that State the southeast
quarter of section seventeen, township nine,
south of range forty east of the Willamette
meridian, with full power to that State to con-
vey the land to Royal Augustas Pearce, resi-
dent on it; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Ho also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lative Assembly of Oregon, in favor of the
the appointment of a commission to investigate
and take proof as to losses sustained by citizens
of that State by depredations of the Indians;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lative Assembly of Oregon, relative to amend-
ing the Constitution of the United States and
withdrawing the assent of that State to the
fourteenth constitutional amendment; which
were referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of Oregon, in favor oftheestab-
lishment of a mail route from Roseburg to
Randolph in that State ; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of S. N. Good-
ale, praying the appointment of a special
agent to introduce among Indians who are or
may be permanently located on reservations
machinery and materials to manufacture blan-
kets and clothing; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Thomas McKiernan and others, praying the
establishment by Congress of free reading-
rooms, intelligence offices, and labor ex-
changes ; which was referred to tie Commit-
tee 011 the District of Columbia.
lie also presented the petition of Daniel
Lyon, praying relief from civil disabilities
imposed on him by acts of Congress; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of citizens of
Georgia, praying the adoption of measures for
the protection of their rights as American
citizens ; which was referred to the Committee
on I ho Judiciary.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of
George Wright, of Washington city, praying
that remuneration be provided for him for the
use of his patented linch-pin adopted by the
United States; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. I'OMEROY presented the petition of
women of Pennsylvania, praying that in any
amendment, to the Constitution to extend or
regulate suffrage there be no distinction made
between men and women ; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
_ He also presented the petition of citizens of
Kansas, praying that in any amendment to the
Constitution to extend or regulate suffrage
there be no distinction made between men and
women ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of a
large number of colored persons from two dif-
ferent counties in the State of Georgia, Mcin-
tosh county and Liberty comity, in which they
set forth the outrages to which their race has
been latterly exposed in Georgia and the blood-
shed there growing out of the malignant spirit
of slavery, which is still rampant in the State,
and also the exclusion of the colored persons
from the legislature, and they ask Congress to
exercise all the powers it has under the Con-
stitution and under the existing reconstruction
laws to apply a remedy. This subject is already
before the Committee on the Judiciary, and I
move the reference of this petition to that com-
mittee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER also presented a petition of
citizens of Craven county, North Carolina,
praying that the Freedmen's Bureau be con-
tinued one year longer; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
lie also presented a memorial of William C.
H. Waddell, praying the adoption of a cheaper
rate of ocean postage ; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of the Penn-
sylvania Equal Rights League, graying for such
an amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States as will secure to all the citizens of
the several States equal political rights, priv-
ileges, and immunities, without regard to class,
creed, birth, race, or color; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of William
Grosch, praying to be allowed payment for ex-
penses incurred in raising the fifty-fourth regi-
ment of New York State volunteers; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented a petition of Robert D.
Brown, of Van Buren county, Iowa, praying
an increase of pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILLEY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of West Virginia, asking Congress
to aid in the completion of the Chesapeake and
Ohio railroad; which were referred to the select
Committee on Railroads in the States.
He also presented the petition of Charles
Baldwin, praying the removal of civil disabili-
ties imposed upon him by acts of Congress;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tenne-^ee, presented
a petition of Mary Mannin, praying compensa-
tion for services rendered in piloting Union
men to the Federal Army through the mount-
ains of East Tennessee, and for feeding them,
and nursing :them in sickness; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Tennessee, in favor of an appropria-
tion for the improvement of the Tennessee
river; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Alabama, praying that a pension be
granted to William B. Looney; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Alabama, praying a removal of the civil dis-
abilities imposed upon certain citizens of that
State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judieiary.
Mr. FERRY presented the petition of John
Young, praying an extension of his patent for
certain new and useful improvements in wash-
ing-machines; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial of
the Board of Marine Underwriters of the city
of Philadelphia, praying the erection of alight-
house on the north end of the Seven Miles,
sometimes called Learning's beach, on the
Atlantic coast of Cape May county, New Jer-
sey ; which was referred to the Comirittee on
Commerce.
He also presented the petition of Mary E.
Mitchell, widow of Captain J. G. Mitchell,
United States Navy, deceased, asking a grant
of land discovered and occupied by him in
Alaska territory; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the memorial
and address of a convention of the citizens of
the State of Mississippi, composed in part of the
members of the Legislature-elect and the con-
stitutional convention, in which they allege that
the constitution formed in that State was
adopted by a majority of the legal voters of
the State, and pray that Congress may approve
the constitution and adopt the State govern-
ment thus elected. As this memorial relates
to matter of public interest, I move that it be
printed and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
_Mr. MORGAN. I present the memorial of
William E. Dodge, Moses H. Grinnell, Mar-
shall O. Roberts, Horace Greeley, Isaac Sher-
man, Isaac H. Bailey, John H. White, Legrand
B. Cannon, Jackson S. Schultz,and John Jay,
asking Congress to appoint a special committee
to investigate the naturalization and election
frauds and irregularities perpetrated in the city
and State of New York, with a view to a
thorough advisement of Congress in reference
to the interests connected therewith. I do not
propose, sir, to have a special committee of
this body raised, but I move, as the matter is
of a good deal of importance, that the memo-
rial be printed and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I present resolutions
adopted by the Board of Trade of the city of
Providence, Rhode Island, setting forth the
great importance of prompt and sufficient tele-
graphic communication at uniform rates, and
recommending the bill for that purpose that
hasbeen offered by the Senator from Minnesota,
the chairman of the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads. I move the reference of the
resolutions to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of
William P. Herron, praying to be allowed ar-
rears of pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolutions, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 1490) to define the pay of
officers of the Army detailed as military in-
structors *
A bill (H. R. No. 1487) to declare and fix
the status of the corps of judge advocates of
the Army;
A bill (H. R. No. 1488) to consolidate the
several asylums for aged and disabled soldiers
created under the laws of the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 1489) granting a portion
of the military reservation at Sault Ste. Marie,
Michigan, to the American Baptist Home Mis-
sion Society ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 373) directing
the Secretary of War to sell Bergen Heights
arsenal;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 374) author-
izing the sale of the Chattanooga rolling-mill
property at Chattanooga, Tennessee, to the
Southwestern Iron Company;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 375) donating
condemned cannon for the erection of a mon-
ument to Major General Kearny; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 376) to pay
W. S. Morse and Charles S. Shambaugh for
services rendered the Committee on Military
Affairs of the House of Representatives.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 565) to authorize
the Secretary of State to adjust the claim of
Gustavus G. Cushmau for office rent while
commissioner under the reciprocity treaty, and
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 170) in relation
to the library of the Department of Agriculture.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a concurrent resolution providing
for an adjournment of the two Houses from
Monday, December 21, to Tuesday, January
5, 1869.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMA.N. I am directed by the
select Committee on Railroads, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 554) to promote com-
merce among the States and to cheapen the
transportation of the mails and military and
naval stores, to report it back with sundry
amendments. I propose on Wednesday, if it
is the pleasure of the Senate, to proceed to
the consideration of the bill.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 665) to repeal section six of the act
entitled "An act making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June
30, 1868," approved March 2, 1867, reported
it with an amendment.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the petition of the children and heirs of the
