1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
late Robert Islierwood, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Claims ; which
■was agreed to.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 241) authorizing the
Commissioner of Patents to pay certain employes of
tho Patent Office for services rendered be recom-
mitted to the Committeo on Patents.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SAWYERasked, and byunanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
670) to relieve sundry citizens of South Caro-
lina from disabilities ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
671) to authorize the payment of arrears of
pension to Charles L. Willey; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 672)
to fix the number of fudges of the Supreme
Court and change the judicial circuits; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 673) in relation to swamp lands in the State
of Iowa; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Landsj
and ordered to be printed. ^
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a hill (S. No; 674)
fo authorize the authorities of the District of
Columbia and the cities therein to issue bonds
and borrow money ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the' Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
670) to incorporate the United States Accident
and Life Insurance Company; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 67G) to amend an act entitled " An act to
establish an uniform rule of naturalization and
to repeal the acts heretofore passed upon that
subject;" which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (3.
No. 077) to punish the crime of holding office
in violation of the fourteenth article ot the
Constitution ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FERRY. I ask the Senator from Ne-
vada, in reference to that bill, to let it lie on
the table for the present, as upon the motion
to refer it I desire to submit some remarks on
a measure introduced by me last week. If the
Senator from Nevada will let this bill lie on
the table I will call it up to-morrow, with the
consent, of the Senate, and at the same time
submit some brief remarks on the bill I intro-
duced the other day.
Mr. STEWART. I have no objection to
that course.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will lie ou the table for the present.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 678) to provide for the redemption in coin
of the United States notes and fractional cur-
rency, and requiring the national banks to re-
deem their notes in specie; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. MORTON. As the bill is not very long
I ask to have it read at length, if there be no
objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows:
Be it enacted; &c., That hereafter there shall be no
sales of gold belongingto the Treasury of the United
States, and that tbc surplus gold now in the Treas-
ury, and that which may horeafter accrue over and
above the amount required to pay the interest on
the public debt and for other specific uses specified
by law, shall be reserved and set apart for the re-
demption of the United States notes and fractional
currency.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That on and after
the 1st day of July, 1871, the Treasurer of the United
States shall pay in coin at the Treasury of tho United
States, at Washington, in the District of Columbia,
and at such other points as may be designated by the
Secretary of the Treasury, all United States notes
and fractional currency that may be presented for
redemption.
' Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That on and after
the 1st day of January. 1872, the national banks
shall pay in coin such of their notes as may be pre-
sented for redemption, and ;shail, on and after the
1st day of July, 1870, reserve and hold in their vaults
all the coin that may bo received by them as interest
on their stocks held by tho Uovernment for the
redemption of their notes.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That until the 1st
day of January, 1872, at which time they are re-
quired to begin the redemption of their notes, tho
national banks shall keep and hold in their vaults
tho full reserve of legal-tender notes as now required
by law, and that on and after that time the reserve
of legal-tender notes as fast as withdrawn shall be
replaced with coin to a like amount, and the said
banks shall thereafter be required to hold a reservo
in coin to the like amount and for the same purposes
as now required b.v law to be hold in legal-tender
notes: Prooided, That the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency may, with tho assent of tho Secretary of the
Treasury, allow said banks to hold a portion of said
reserve, not exceeding two fifths of the amount re-
quired by law. in United States notes.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That, the Secre-
tary of the Troasurymaycauseso many of theUnited
States notes that may bo redeemed under the pro-
visions of this actto be canceled as may, in his judg-
ment, be necessary to the proper limitation of the
„ currency: Provided further. That all fractional cur-
rency that may be redeemed shall bo canoolcd.
Sec. 6. And be further enacted. That on and after
the 1st day of January, 1872, tho United States notes
shall cease to bo a legal tender in payment of debts,
but shall be receivable in payment of Uovernment
dues as now provided by law.
Sec. 7. And he it further enacted. That tho Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall have tho power to nego-
tiate and sell bonds of the United States, to bo duo
in thirty years and redeemable by tho Government
at its pleasuro, after ton years, bearing interest at
the rate of per cent., prinoipal and interest pay-
able in gold, to such an amount as may be noeessary
to carry into operation the provisions of the second
section of this act.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the bill be
printed and laid on the table. I will say to
the Senate that I should like to call it up on
Wednesday morning for the purpose of making
some remarks upon it,
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and byunanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 079) to amend an act granting lands to the
State of Oregon to aid in the construction of
a military road from Eugene City to the east-
ern boundary of said State ; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. CORBETT. I move that the bill he
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and I desire to state here that the bill grants
no additional lauds, but merely gives an exten-
sion of time.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
680) relating to contracts payable in coin;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to he
printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 681) to provide railroad facilities to the
capital of the United States ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Ilailroads in the States, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 082) to repeal an act to fix the times tor
the regular meetings of Congress; which was
read twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the
table and be printed.
Mr. FERRY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (b. No.
683) to amend the naturalization laws; wlucn
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to bo
printed.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
684) to incoi-porate the Washington City Glass
Manufacturing Company: which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POM.EROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 685) to create a department of Jndia,n
affairs, and to provide for the consolidation,
civilization, and government of Indian tribes;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FERRY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
086) to establish a certain post road in the
State of Connecticut; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
087) to establish a certain post road in the
State of Connecticut; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
688) to amend an act entitled "An act to regu-
late the elective franchise in the District of
Columbia;" which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 187) for the disposal of
the public lands in the States of Louisiana,
Arkansas, Mississippi, and Florida; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee ou Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That tho Secretary of thoTreasury inform
tho Senate what was tho aggregate amount of each
issuoof United States bonds by theirrespectivodates,
and the aggregate amount of the gold value of each
issue of said bonds at their dates, and also the rate
of interest borne by them respectively.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is not a particle
of that information which is not already pub-
lished in the documents, and to answer the
inquiry would require tho employment of a
large number of clerks for a great length of
time to compute all these various sums. Now,
I ask the Senate why incur the expense of such
an order when the information is on the files
of both Houses of Congress and published'in
onr reports? I object to the passage of the
resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution can only be considered at this time by
unanimous consent. Is there any objection to
its consideration ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
The PRBSlDENTpro tempore. Then it will
go over under the rule.
DISTURBANCE IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. KELLOGG. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration :
Resolved, That Major General O. O. Howard, Com-
missioner of the Freed men's Bureau, bo requested to
transmit to the Senate any information in his pos-
session from any officers connected with the I'l-oed-
mcn's Bureau in the State of Louisiana touching the
recent disturbance in said State.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would suggest to my
friend from Louisiana that it is not the prac-
tice of the Senate to call upon subordinate
officers in the Departments for information.
Whenever any information is to be obtained
in the War Department the usual practice of
the Senate has been to pass a resolution direct-
ing the Secretary of War to furnish it, and he
calls upon the proper subordinate officer, but
it comes to us through the Secretary.
Air. KELLOGG. I will modify the resolu-
tion by substituting the Secretary ot War in-
stead of the Commissioner of the Freedmen's
Bureau.
