THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
The resolution was modified to read as fol-
lows :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bo directed to
transmit to tho Senate any information in his pos-
session from the officers connected with the Freed-
men's* Bureau in tho Stateof Louisianatouchmg the
ree- nt disturbance in said State.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
troops on the plains.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the
following resolution ; which was considered by
unanimous consent,and agreed to:
Ilesolved, That the Secretary of Wai be directed to
communicate to the Senate the number of United
States tioops employed on the plains or frontiers in
connection with Indian hostilities, in protecting the
Missouri river traffic, tho Union Pacific railroad, or
in otherwise policing that region of country; and
also, whether volunteer forces or militia tiom the
States or Territories or Indians are or have been so
employed; and if so, what numbers, from what
States or Territories, and upon what authority, and
"upon whose order.
washita river battle.
Mr. HENDERSON submitted the following
resolutions; which were considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
requested to communicate to the Senate all reports,
papeis, and other information in the Department
connected with the late battle of tho Washita river.
Renoloed, Tii.it the .Secretary of War be requested
to communicate to the Senate all reports, papers, or
other information in the Department connected with
the late Indian battle on the Washita river.
committee on education.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the
following resolution, and ask for its present
consideration:
Retained, That th e Commit tee on Revising the Rules
of ho Senate be instructed to inquire and report as
to the expediency of autbammg a committee of five
on education.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. MOIUIILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I know tho reluctance of the Senate to
establish new standing committees ; but it ap-
pears to me that this is a subject of sufficient
importance to demand at least that amount of
consideration on our part. Other nations hav-
ing less popular institutions than our own are
certainly bestowing more attention to this sub-
ject than we are at, the present time. It would
seem to be the will of Congress to abolish the
Bureau'of Education, and after that the least
we can do, in my opinion, is to have a stand-
ing committee upon the subject. Under the
law establishiugagriculmral colleges, so called,
it appears that the several States have estab-
lished them on very different principles. Some
of them are quite successful. Others, per-
haps, have not been long enough established to
enable us to determine whether they will be suc-
cessful or not. There are applications on the
part of the States which have recently resumed
their practical relations with the Government
for the extension of the act establishing those
colleges. Under these circumstances, it seems
to me that a committee of the kind indicated
would be calculated to promote the efficiency
of these colleges. While the general subject
of education is well placed under the control
of the States, it would certainly seem proper
that the Government of the United States
should place itself in active sympathy with uni-
versal education, i therefore hope the Sen-
ate will concur with me as to the propriety of
having this new committee established.
Air. TRUMBULL. I sympathize entirely
with what the Senator from Vermont has said
in regard to education ; butl do nor understand
that we have in the Senate any Committee on
Rules.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I propose to
have one on education.
The PRES1DEN 1' pro tempore. The prop-
osition is to raise such a committee.
Mr. TllUMBULL. A committeeon rules?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No. The reso-
lution merely proposes to refer the subject to the
Ciiimniitee on Rules, to report oil the propriety
of having such a committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the way T under-
stood the Senator before. What I meant to say
was, that there is no committee on rules to
which to refer his resolution. The Senator
moves to refer his resolution to the committee
on rules. The Senate has no such committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 understand
we have such a committee on the revision of the
rules of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It expired with the ses-
sion.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to my friend from
Vermont that the resolution be referred to the
Committee on the Library. 1 agree with him
entirely. 1 think we ought to do something
on that subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Committee on the
Revision of the Rules was a special commit-
tee, which exhausted itself at the end of the
session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move, then,
to substitute the Committee on Agriculture.
The PRESIDEN P pro tempore. That modi-
fication will be made if there be no objection.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
presidential message.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. William G. Moore, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President had on the
10th instant approved and signed the bill (S.
No. 658) to relieve from disabilities Franklin
J. Moses, a citizen of South Carolina.
Several executive messages were also re-
ceived from the President of the United States.
consideration of indian treaties
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the Senate take
up for consideration the resolution which I
offered last July, requiring Indian treaties to
be considered in open Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution :
Resolved, That Rule 38 be amended by adding
thereto the following; " Treaties with Indian tribes
or parts of tubes shall be considered and passed
upon in open session."
Mr. DRAKE. When that resolution was
before the Senate last week it was laid over at
the suggestion of some gentlemen because the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
was not then in the Senate. He is now in his
seat, and in conversation with him I learn that
he has no objection to the passage of the reso-
lution. I hope, sir, that it will be passed now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Missouri what distinction
there is between this class of treaties and
others which should make it necessary to con
sider these in open session and others in execu-
tive session ? There may be a good reason ; I
dare say there is in the mind of my friend. I
ask for information.
Mr. DRAKE. I confess, Mr. President,
that I am rather surprised that a gentleman
who sees as far into things generally as my
friend from Vermont should ask me the rea-
son. Treaties with foreign nations involve a
great many questions, and arise in a great
many different circumstances where it is im-
portant oftentimes that the terms of them
should not transpire and that the delibera-
tions upon them should be in secret. But
there is nothing of that kind in any treaty that
we ever have with any Indian tribe until there
; comes in some land stealing operation, and
| then it is very desirable that there should be
| secrecy in the consideration of the treaty.
S Except in that case I know of no circum-
stances whatever in which our relations to the
Indian tribes can be affected by the publicity
of treaties which are made between the con-
tracting powers publicly in the field and come
here for ratification. 1 do not see any reason
why any opportunity should be given whatever
for passing through in secret session treaties
with Indians containing provisions which it
would not be desirable that the country should
know all about and hear all that is Said about
them. My main object. I confess, is to put a
stop by this proceeding to such iniquitous land
transactions as have disgraced sonn of our
Indian treaties.
Mr. POMIiROY. I have no objection to
considering this class of treaties and all treaties
in open session. I know furthermore that if
we undeitake to consider anything in secret
session it is a very sure way ol' having it well
veutilated and well published. 1 have uever
known a treaty yet that was not as well under-
stood outside of the Senate as in, even those
upon which we have gone through the eeie-
mony, or sometimes perhaps the tarce, of con-
sidering in secret session. But we are now at
war with some Indian tribes, and if that war
is ever to terminate it will terminate by the
adoption of a treaty, and it may not be best to
consider such a treaty as that in open Senate,
because the very ratification of the treaty may
close the war or it may prolong the war. _lf
there is any reason why a treaty with a foreign
nation should be considered in secret session
that same reason applies equally to treaties
with the Indian tribes that are now hostile
to this Government, and are foreign nations
according to the way we are treating them, and
if the war with them is to terminate it is to
terminate upon some settlement by treaty.
The other day the only objection 1 made
was—I do not know but that I was the Senator
to whom the gentleman referred—that iliere
were one or two other rules that would require
to b^'amended if this one was amended, and 1
suggested that the resolution should be referred
to/u committee so as to make the rules harmo-
i/ous and have them all amended. I should
'ot have said a word oil this subject if it had
'been reported upon by any committee. 1 do
not. care what committee considers it, but our
rules ought not to beiu conflict with each others.
Vv e tried during the last session to make a har-
monious sysLem, and I supposed we had suc-
ceeded ; ami 1 now merely say that if tins
proposition shall be reported by any committee,
with an amendment to one or two other lules
harmonizing them, 1 shall vote for it.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
from Kansas be so kind as to slate what other
lilies this will come in conflict with1'
Mr. POMEROi'. I have not the rules be-
foie me, but the Senator is aware that we have
two or three rules letcrruig to proceedings m
secret session.
Air. DRAKE. But this will take the whole
subject of Indian treaties out of secret session,
and therefore it cannot conflict with any luie
in relation to proceedings in secret session.
Mr. POMEUOY. \v e have one rule which
says that treaties shall be considered m secret
session.
Mr. DRAKE. That is the very rule I pro-
pose to amend, by making this addition to it
lakmg these treaties out of the operation of
that rule.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have some
committee lead the rales in connection with
this proposed new rule, and see what amend-
ments are required to be made. That rule
will certainly liave to be changed.
Mr. DRAKE. That is the very proposition
I make, to change it.
Mr. BUOKAbEW. Wherea treaty or other
paper is sent to the Senate by the President as
confidential it is uiider our rules consideied
as of course iu executive session, if this res-
olution is to be adopted 1 should like to have
inserted iu it an exception, excepting such
trea les as are sent here by the Pres.dent as
confidential. He may have occasion to mark
a treaty in that manner, and have good reason
for doing so, as iu the case supposed by the
Senator irom Kansas. Suppose another case,
as unfortunately was the case ill the war with
Mexico, that we were about negotiating a treaty
with some Indian tribes on the borders, and
did not desire the enemy to know the pro-
ceedings. In very many cases it might be
entirely proper that the Pre-.ideut should send
to us a treaty as a confidential paper, and that
we should consider it as such under our exist-
ing rules. I have no objection to the resolu-
