1766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
An act (S. No. 910) granting a pension to
the children of Martin N. Slocum, deceased ;
An act (S. No. 941) granting a pension to
Benjamin C. Stone;
An act (S. No. 942) granting a pension to
Sarah E. Haines ; and
An act (S. No. 949) granting a pension to
Mrs. Lydia W. Ford.
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session.
The Clerk read as follows:
For repairs and superintendence of the Washing-
ton aqueduct, $25,000.
Mr. SPALDING-. I move to amend by in-
serting after the paragraph just read the head-
ing ''Miscellaneous."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For national cemeteries. $600,000.
Mr. CULLOM. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the paragraph just read the following:
And the Secretary of War may, in his discretion,
dispose of any condemned cannon or small-arms in
aid of any monument erected or to be erected to the
memory of any loyal officer or soldier who was slain
or died in the service of the Government daring the
late rebellion.
I hope there will be no objection to this
amendment.
Mr. ROSS. I raise the point of order that
this amendment proposes new legislation.
Mr. CULLOM. It seems to me that my
colleague ought not to object to this.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ross] insist on his point of order?
Mr. ROSS. I do.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is obliged to
sustain the point of order.
The Clerk read as follows :
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to provide
for the education and maintenance of such deaf and
dumb of the District of Columbia as cannot com-
mand the means to secure an education, in some
institution to be selected by him, $15,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend by
striking out the paragraph just read. I do not
know any reason why we should tax our con-
stituents to educate the deaf and dumb of
the District of Columbia. We at home pay
taxes ior the education of this unfortunate
class among ourselves. We have in nearly
every State built asylums at very great expense,
and we provide for taxing the people to educate
those who are unable to educate themselves.
Having done that, why should we further tax
our people to raise money to be spent here in the
education of the deaf and dumb of the District
of Columbia, when the people of this District
are just as able to make provision for this pur-
pose as our constituents are to make similar
provision for those within their respective
States ? If this class of people situated in the
District of Columbia are to be educated, let
the citizens of the Districtand the property of
the District bear the expense, as the property
in the various States is taxed to bear the ex-
pense of such education there. We expend
large sums of money for the benefit of the peo-
ple in the District of Columbia. We pay out
here from the Federal Treasury every year
$10,000,000 to Government employes alone,
which is expended mainly within this District.
In addition to that we light the principal streets
of the District; we maintain in large part the
police force of the District, and we support
various charitable institutions located here.
We supply the court-houses of the District.
We even provide the recorder's office here
with the necessary furniture, and with the
books in which are recorded the deeds convey-
ing property from one individual to another.
Now, sir, I object to this extravagant man-
ner of expending the public money here, and
for the benefit of the people of this District,
who are almost exempt from taxation. We
all know that in this city rents are higher and
taxes are lower than in any city of the United
States of equal population. And I cannot for
my life see why we should tax our constituents
for the benefit of the people of this District, as
is proposed in this paragraph. I hope, there-
fore, the paragraph will be stricken out.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairman, in refer-
ence to the amount of this appropriation the
members of the Committee on Appropriations
were about equally divided. About half the
committee thought the appropriation should be
$75,000. I must confess that my friend from
Missouri, [Mr. Bexjamin.] in the remarks he
has just made, " out-Herods Herod." To an
intelligent audience like this committee [ have
nothing to say in reply to what he has advanced,
and I desire the question to be taken.
The amendment of Mr. Benjamin was not
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the Government insane.
For the support, clothing, medical, and moral
treatment of the insane of the Army and Navy, reve-
nue-cutter, and volunteer service, and of the indigent
insaneof tile Districtof ColumbiaintheGovernment
Hospital for the Insane, including $500 for books,
stationery, and incidental expenses, $90,500.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend by
striking out the heading, " For the Govern-
ment insane."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the pragraph last read by inserting
after the words "volunteer service," the
words " who may have become insane since
their entry into the service of the United
States." I presume there will be no objection
to this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Columbia Hospital for Women and Lying-in
Asyluiu.
For the support of the asylum, over and above the
probable amount received for pay patients, $15,000.
Mr. WELKER. I make the point of order
on that appropriation. There is no law au-
thorizing an appropriation of money to that
private institution. It is a private enterprise
and a private corporation.
Mr. SPALDING. It has been estimated
for by the Secretary of the Interior in our
book of estimates.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is there not the same
appropriation for the present year?
Mr. SPALDING. Yes, sir; it is the same
amount which has been appropriated for three
years.
Mr. WELKER. In reply to that I will say
I know it to be a private institution in this
city. I had a good deal to do in getting it
incorporated. 1 object to that private insti-
tution being fastened upon the Government
in this way.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, assuming the gentleman from
Ohio to be correct in Lis statement of the law.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the care, support, and medical treatment of
sixty transient paupers, medical and surgical pa-
tients, in some proper medical or charitable institu-
tion in the city of Washington, under a contract to
be formed with sucb institution. $12,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary: Piovided, That said
contract shall be made by the Surgeon General of
the Army, who shall report to the December session
of every Congress, stating with whom the said con-
tract is made and the amount and nature thereof.
Mr. SPALDING. That is the end of the
bill ; and I move to add the following:
To increase the contingent fund of the House for
the purpose of paying $2,500 each to John D. Young
and John A. Wimpy, contestants, 85.000; and the
Clerk of the House is hereby directed to pay tho
said amount to the individuals named.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I make the point that
is not authorized by existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order.
Mr. KERR. I ask' the gentleman from
Ohio to allow me to move an amendment, to
add the name of John H. Christie.
Mr. SPALDING. I cannot yield for that
purpose.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, this appropriation to pay John D. Young
was put in under the resolution passed by this
House. Mr. Wimpy came here to present his
right to a seat fairly and justly, but because
the committee took into consideration whether
they would allow any representation from Geor-
gia at alt he could not get his right to a seat
fairly decided. He has never been rejected,
but in the present condition of the public busi-
ness he can never have the judgment of the
House on his claim. Under the circumstances
we have made an appropriation to pay him pre-
cisely as John D. Young, who had the judgment
of the House in favor of his compensation.
The contestant of Wimpy, Mr. Christie, was
found by the committee and the House not to
have any claim at alt, and that knowing him-
self to be ineligible he came here to make this
claim.
Mr. MULLINS. I move to strikeout Mr.
Young's name. I am at a loss to understand
how his case has come in here, for I understand
this House decided against his right by a large
vote. I do not see any reason why he should
be allowed this pay. I therefore move to strike
it out.
Mr. RANDALL. He has been voted out of
his seat.
Mr. MULLINS. I am told he is out of th8
House. It was right to refuse to let him take
a seat here. Perhaps there are others who
ought to be treated in the same way. I hope
the House will not pass this and get itself into
a muddle by paying the man whom they said
had no right here. If we pay one we must
pay all.
Mr. BECK. I desire to say, in reference
to John D. Young, that he had the certificate
of the Governor of Kentucky, and came here
with a majority of about 1,500. He claimed
his seat, but on the proof taken the majority
of thia House decided that he could not take the
oath required by the act of 1862. The House
has since determined by a very large majority
that he was entitled to receive $2,509 as con-
testant. The resolution providing for paying
him was in the usual form and went to the
Committee on Accounts, who refused to audit
it, although all the members of the committee
declared it ought to be paid. It was one of the
strongest cases ever presented to the House.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope debate will cease
and the vote will be taken.
Mr. MULLINS. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to insert the name
of James C. Birch, of Missouri.
Mr. SPALDING. With the teave of the
House I will withdraw the amendment.
Mr. CULLOM. We want to get this bill
through.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to say one word
on the amendment I have offered. The House
is aware that Mr. Birch was here during a very
considerable portion of the present Congress
contesting his seat, and at that contest some
veryimportantquestionsof public concern were
raised. The Committee of Elections have cer-
tainly reported twice in favor of paying him the
usual expenses, $2,500, I think.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What did the House do ?
Mr. HOLMAN. The House declined to
sustain the views of the committee, who from
the nature of their duty were better informed
in regard to the case, which was judicial in its
character, than other members of the House
would be.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What did the House do
with the recommendation of the committee ?
Mr. HOLMAN. It did not concur in the
views of the committee ; but I insist, as a
general proposition, that the Committee of
Elections are better informed as to whether a •
case is fairly brought or not, and hence that
their views ought to have some weight with thte
House. If a party comes here demanding a
seat, but with no case at all, I think he should
receive no consideration ; he ought not to have
his expenses paid. But if he comes here in
good faith upon a reasonable and fair case,
representing a great public interest, he ought
not to be compelled to pay the expenses him-
self.
Now, sir, Mr. Birch was here in good faith
contesting his seat. The views of the Com-
