1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1767
mittee of Elections differed upon the single
question with reference to the mode of registra-
tion in that State. Bat for that he would have
taken his seat instead of his competitor. Now,
sir, after the action of the House yesterday in
paying three different contestants for the same
seat in this House it does seem to me remark-
able that the claim of this person should be
overlooked.
Mr. KERR. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the name of J. H. Christie, of
Georgia. I desire to say that Mr. Christie came
here with a regular certificate of election from
General Meade, commanding in that military
district at the time.
Mr. McKEE. Will the gentleman yield a
moment?
Mr. KERR. I cannot yield now. Mr.
Christie was duly elected, but he was unable
to take the oath of office required by law as a
member of this House. It is also true that at
the same election Mr. Wimpy was voted for
and was unable to take his seat. But he has
since had his disabilities removed, and he is
now able to take the oath of office. He was
not eligible at that time by his own confession
on the records of this House. He was in the
service of the confederate government for eight-
een months. He was more of a rebel than
ever Colonel Christie was. He did more to
aid the cause of the rebellion. I do not state
these facts for the purpose of showing that
because he came here as a contestant of the
seat of Colonel Christie he ought not to be
paid, but I state them for the purpose of show-
ing that Colonel Christie's claim is as good or
better than the claim of Mr. Wimpy, and that
therefore they ought to be put upon the same
footing, and ought both to be paid or neither
to be paid. I think, however, that upon the
precedents established in this House recently
and since I have been in Congress they ought
both to be paid, and therefore I offer this
amendment in good faith and hope it will be
adopted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations agreed to provide for
the case of John D. Young, although he was
disqualified, because the House by a solemn
vote had voted that he should be paid, but by
some informality it could not be passed by the
Committee on Accounts. The case of Mr.
Wimpy is one of peculiar hardship. It is this:
Mr. Wimpy had been, as he says by the force
of conscription, in the confederate service;
but he repented of it and had his disabilities
removed, and became a truly loyal man. Mr.
Christie did not go into the army; he was one
of the men who stayed behind and edited news-
papers and abused everybody on the side of
the Union, calling them rascals and all sorts
of hard names, and sustaining the confederate
government. He never has repented down to
this day. His paper is as rebel now as it ever
was. He never could have taken the oath
honestly. If we took off his disabilities a thou-
sand times over he could not take it. When
Mr. Wimpy's case came up the House voted
that it could not be considered because the
rebel associates of Christie in the Legislature
of Georgia had acted so badly that it was
thought Georgia had lost her right to repre-
sentation here. It was not Mr. Wimpy's fault.
He came here with the law of Georgia on his
side,with his disabilities removed, a truly loyal
man, one of those whom I am always ready to
deal with and to extend the hand to; who
having once erred have repented and come
back to true allegiance to the flag of the coun-
try. It was not his fault that his case could
not be heard. It was for something done by
those whom he despises for the meanness of
their action; for if there ever was a mean
thing done on earth it was for men to take the
votes of negroes to get into the Georgia Legis-
lature, and then to vote the negroes out. It
was meaner than stealing sheep. [Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KERR. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. I renew it. I am sorry the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
exhibits so much feeling upon this subject. I
know very well the reason why he does it. He
is very unforgiving. Mr. Christie is opposed
to him in politics, has the same politics that
I have, and as the editor of a paper has spoken
unkindly of the gentleman. I should have
thought the gentleman from Massachusetts had
been so much abused that he would have got
used to it and would not seek to avenge his
own personal wrongs here on the floor of this
House, but would look at this as a matter of
equity, and only as a matter of equity. That
which inspires so much eloquence and excites
so much feeling on his part is a determination
to punish a brother editor of mine who does
not think as well of him as perhaps he ought
to do in the gentleman's estimation. That is
the secret of the feeling which he exhibits.
Now, what are the facts ? Colonel Christie
holds the certificate of General Meade, having
been elected by six or seven hundred majority.
He was an original Union man. He fought
secession to the very last, till his State was
carried into secession, and then he went with
the government of Georgia, the government de
facto. He is now as much a reconstructed
rebel as any rebel who has been reconstructed ;
much more so than Wimpy is, for his hands
were never dyed with the blood of Union men
as were the hands of Wimpy. Do let us forget
the past; let us forget the political associations
of the past. Why not receive both parties,
Wimpy and Christie, as repentant men, both
now faithful to the Union, the one a Democrat,
the other a Republican ; both obedient to the
laws of the country? Why fight these battles
over and over again on this floor as the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] pro-
poses?
I repeat, Christie holds the certificate of
election from General Meade, having received
from six to seven hundred majority. The con-
testant was never elected by the people. Yet
we on this side of the House are willing to
vote to pay both Wimpy and Christie.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not myself feel dis-
posed to go into the question whether one of
these men is a Republican and the othera Dem-
ocrat or not. I do not think that the fact that a
man being a Republican or a Democrat ought
to be any reason why he should take $2,500
out of the Treasury of the United States.
I thank the Committee on Appropriations
for having brought this matter before the House
in this way, for it has given us an opportunity
of looking in the face an abuse which has pre-
vailed here until it has become odious, to me
at least, whatever other gentlemen may think
about it.
Many years ago, I will not say exactly how
many, but something like a quarter of a cen-
tury, I was in Congress and served for some
years on the Committee of Elections. At that
time the rule was well settled, and such was
the practice, that a contestant was never paid
unless he established his claim to a seat, or un-
less he satisfied the Committee of Elections and
the House that he had reasonable and good
ground for a contest and had reason to expect
that he would obtain the seat. But that prac-
tice seems to have been abandoned entirely.
And for the last two or three years this House
has gone to such an extent in paying such per-
sons that sometimes I have been tempted to
resign my seat as a member here and to resort
to contesting the seats of others for a living, for
nothing seems to be more profitable. Every
man who chooses to contest the seat of a mem-
ber of this House, be he loyal or disloyal, Re-
publican or Democrat, whatever may be the
nature of his contest, has only to stay about
here a few months, and at the end of that time
he receives an appropriation of from two thou-
sand five hundred to five thousand dollars.
As I have already said, I thank the Committee
on Appropriations for having introduced this
matter into this bill, because it at least gives
an opportunity to call the attention of the coun-
try to this subject. That has never before been
possible, and why ? Because usually the res-
olution, for this purpose has been introduced
some Monday morning, the friends of the party
having been duly apprised of what was com-
ing, the previous question has been called and
sustained, and without any opportunity for re-
mark or debate the resolution has been passed
and the allowance paid. That, however, can-
not be done when it is brought forward in this
way in an appropriation bill. And I now take
occasion to protest against this whole matter.
Here was this John D. Young, of Kentucky,
who, if he was rightly refused a seat here, was
refused it upon the ground that he never ought
to have been a candidate at all for a seat in this
House on account of his lacking the prerequi-
site qualification of loyalty. And yet, although
the House so decided, it is asked to turn around
and pay him for coming here and insisting upon
taking a seat for which he ought never to have
been a candidate. And so in regard to the
Georgia case. You decide in regard to one of
the claimants that he has no right to a seat
here ; then you decide that for the time being
another man cannot hold it; and then you are
asked to pay one of them for contesting a seat,
although if he had come here claiming the
seat and there had been no one contesting his
claim he could not have been admitted, and
would not have received any pay at all. But
if he comes as a contestant he gets the pay,
thus proving that it is better to be a contestant
than to be regularly elected with nobody dis-
puting the right or title to the seat.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] that Mr.
Wimpy came here with a certificate of the
Governor that he had been entitled to the seat.
_ The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Scofield.) The
time of the gentleman from Ohio has expired.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] to withdraw his amend-
ment that I may renew it.
Mr. KERR. Certainly: I will withdraw it
with that understanding.
Mr. DAWES. I renew the amendment for
the purpose of saying a few words on this sub-
ject. No doubt, Mr. Chairman, a great evil
has grown up in reference to this matter of
compensation to contestants ; but it is not an
easy matter to settle the difficulties of the ques-
tion. The matter has been considered very
much in the Committee of Elections for sev-
eral years past; and I have had in my desk a
a bill, which I was prepared to offer whenever
a suitable opportunity might occur, providing
that in any contested election no money shall
be paid pending the contest to either the sit-
ting member or the contestant, but that when
the case has been decided the pay shall be
given in accordance with the result of the con-
test. I have had no opportunity to bring that
bill forward. It is just as bad, Mr. Chairman,
for a man holding a certificate to draw pay
when he is not entitled to the seat as for a
contestant to receive pay when he has failed
to sustain the contest. We witnessed a short
time since in this House a case where a man
holding a certificate was voted out at the end
of a Congress after drawing $10,000 as pay.
There have been many cases of that kind. In
one instance a man came here from Oregon, got
his name put on the roll, sat in the House six
months, and then was voted out by the House
as not entitled to the seat. He retired, taking
with him $7,000, though in the opinion of the
Committee of Elections he had no more right
to the seat as a Representative from Oregon
than I had.
I know no better way of meeting this
question than to pass a law providing that the
compensation of both the sitting member and
the contestant shall abide the result of the
contest. Yet there is some difficulty attend-
ing such a provision, for if that be enacted aa
the law few men will be likely to come here
at all to contest; for the carrying on of these
contests is attended with great expense, and
if it be proclaimed that by whatever fraud or
device or legerdemain a certificate may be ob-
tained the man holding it can compel anybody
else to contest at his own expense the tempt-
