64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
out of the secret session and bring them into
open session there is, of course, no application
in the thirty-ninth and fortieth rules to them.
1 do not see any reason, when I come to look
into the rales, for the refereuce, and I hope it
will not be made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask my
friend from Missouri whether he intends in
open session that these treaties shall be carried
by a mere majority, or whether he intends the
rules that now apply to the adoption and rati-
fication of treaties in sscret session to have
force in open session as to the method of pro-
cedure and the number requisite to adjust the
treaties. If, as I suppose he does, he intends
to have the procedure upon an Indian treaty
conducted in the same manner that it would
be in secret session, save that the doors are
open, then I submit to him that it is open to
some question whether on that point, upon the
very argument he makes, there should not be
such a change as to make the rules for the
secret session applicable to procedure in open
session. It may be that they are now, but a
committee ought to consider whether any
change in that respect should be made.
Mr. DRAKE. If I am not mistaken,.the
matter of what shall constitute a ratification
of a treaty is fixed by the Constitution, not by
the rules of the Senate, and whether the treaty
is considered in open or secret session that
rule of the Constitution is to be operative in
the case, and 110 rule which the Senate could
make of adifierent kind would have any other
effect.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That assumes that they
are foreign nations.
Mr. DliAKE. And the (Jovernment has
always assumed that these Indian tribes were
foreign nations to us, and has treated with them
on (hat basis, and the Constitution prescribes
what shall amount to a ratification here in the
Set! ate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It does not prescribe how
the question shall be put, does it?
Mr. DRAKE. It does not matter ; theques-
tion can be put in anyway, in open session or
secret session.
Ml-. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I would
not want a vote upon the merits of this ques-
tion just now. I think it is usual to refer propo-
sitions to change the rules to a committee. 1
do not see why this should be made an excep-
tion. I cannot^ conceive that the proposition
of the Senator from Missouri is so entirely clear
as that, it ought, to be decided without the aid
of a committee's investigation at all, and I do
not see why ho is not willing thatit shall take the
usual course. Let us know what is the judg-
ment of the committee on this proposition. I
do not know myself what would be right about
it. My inclination is that a good deal of the
business that is transacted in secret session
might more properly be transacted in public
session, but I would not want to act upon that
until a committee had reported upon it.
'I he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the motion to refer.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs:
A hill (II. II. No. 1-190) to define the pay of
officers of the Army detailed as military in-
structors ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1487) to declare and fix
the status of the corps of judge advocates of
the A rmy;
A bill (H. R. No. 1488) to consolidate the
several asylums for aged and disabled soldiers
created under the laws of the United States;
A bill (II. K. No. 1489) granting a portion
of the military reservation at Sault Ste. Marie,
Michigan, to the American Baptist Horns Mis-
sion Society;
A joint resolution (II. It. No. 878) directing
the Secretary of War to sell Bergen Heights
arsenal:
_A joint resolution (H, E. No. 374) author-
izing the sale of the Chattanooga rolling-mill
property at Chattanooga, Tennessee, to the
Southwestern Iron Company;
A joint resolution (H. II. No. 375) donating
condemned cannon for the erection of a monu-
ment to Major General Kearny; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 376) to pay
W. S. Morse and Charles S. Shambaugh for
services rendered the Committee on Military
Affairs of the House of Representatives.
ADJOURNMENT FOR THE IIOUDAYS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following concurrent resolution
of the House of Representatives :
Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That when the
two Houses of Congress adjourn on Monday, the 21st
instant, they adjourn to meet on Tuesday, tbe 5th
of January, 1869.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I moVe that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of that reso-
lution.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it had better lie
over.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is no necessity
for its lying over. It may as well be acted
upon now. It is a matter of personal con-
venience to know in advance what course is to
be pursued. The House of Representatives
of course expected that the question would be
settled at once. It is due to the House that
we should give it consideration at an early
hour. I move that the resolution be taken up
now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
auy objection to the present consideration of
the resolution ?
Mr. SUMNER. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It goes
over, under the rule.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not know that
the rule applied to a case like this. It is a
concurrent resolution that has come from the
House of Representatives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It came
over this morning, and objection being made
to its consideration it goes over under the
rules.
Tim CALENDAR.
Mr. TRUMBULL. With a view of relieving
the Calendar from the mass of unimportant
measures upon it, I renew the motion that I
made the other day that the Secretary take the
Calendar and read the business upon it in its
order with a view to striking off such of it as
there is no objection to striking off. That will
facilitate our business very much.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois, that the Secretary proceed to read the
Calendar for the purpose of striking from it
impertinent and irrelevant matter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will suggest, by leave
of the Senate, that if the chairmen of the va-
rious committees of the Senate would take the
Calendar in their hands they will see that there
is upon it a great deal of business which will
not hereafter require the attention of the Sen-
ate—resolutions and bills the object of which
or the reasons for introducing which have now
transpired, and they may as well be stricken
from the Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
The PR.ESIDENT pro tempore. The Secre-
tary will proceed to read the Calendar accord-
ing to the motion of the Senator from Illinois.
The Chief Cr.fcRK. The first resolution on
the Calendar is a resolution of the House of
Representatives for the appointment of a joint
committee to inquire into and report what fur-
ther legislation, if any, is needed in reference
to the Capitol police force—received from the
House July 5, 1867.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move thatitbe indefi-
nitely postponed.
Mr. SUMNER. Why should not that be
referred to a committee ? It has never been.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a year and a half
ago since it was presented, and the object of
it has been accomplished, I suppose; but if
the Senator from Massachusetts desires its
reference I have no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. No ; I know nothing
about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly, having re-
ceived no attention since July 5,18G7, it is not
at all likely that it is important.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois, to postpone the resolution indefinitely.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the Sen-
ate will consent to that course, the Chair will
deem that when anything is read it may be
considered as indefinitely postponed, unless
that course is objected to. If such be the
pleasure of the Senate, such will be the dis-
position of matters reached in their order.
The next item will be read.
The Chief Clerk. "A resolution of the
House of Representatives in relation to the
adoption of the phonetic system of spelling in
general use in schools and general literature—
received from the House of Representatives
July 18, 18G7."
Mr. SUMNER. I think that had better be
referred to the Committee on the Library; and
I make that motion.
Mr. CONNESS. I think there is such a
resolution which has been referred to that com-
mittee, but from whom 110 report has been had,
if I am not mistaken. I would ask the chair-
man of the committee if that is not the case.
Mr. MORGAN. The committee were dis-
charged from the consideration of the resolu-
tion referred to at the last session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That being so, this had
better he disposed of.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to have this
resolution referred to a committee who would
consider it, because there is something in the
system. I believe the committee made no
report except simply to be discharged, as stated
by the chairman. "I wish the subject could be
examined. The House of Representatives has
seen fit, to pass a resolution in regard to it, and
I think it deserves attention. There are a great
many very able persons in the United States
who believe that a change in this regard would
be very beneficial, and that the change should
be initiated and tried at least, which could be
done without, perhaps, any cost to the public
Treasury.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand the Senator
from New York [Mr. Morgan] makes no
objection to the reference to the Committee on
the Library.
Mr. CONNESS. Let^it be referred, then,
and I hope the committee will examine the
subject.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope it will be referred.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is to refer the resolution to the Committee
on the Library.
The motion was agreed to.
The next resolution on the Calendar was a
resolution by Mr. Sumner, declaring certain
guarantees required in the reconstruction of
the rebel States, submitted March 7, 1867.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that will not be
postponed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are various prop-
ositions on that subject.
Mr. CONNESS. There are a great many
bills on that subject; one, I think, by the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, now sent
to_ the Judiciary Committee. Why not com-
mit this ? Let them have the entire subject.
The object is to get rid of matters from the
Calendar that cannot be considered, perhaps,
in the form in which they now are. The time
which has elapsed between the introduction of
these resolutions and the present period has
doubtless thrown additional light on the sub-
ject. I hope it will go to the committee, if
the Senator from Massachusetts has no objec-
tion, that the whole subject may be consid-
ered. I make that motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that the rule
under which we are now acting is that these
