mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
(H. R. No. 372-) directing the enforcement of
the lien iipon the steamer Atlantic;, when the
Speaker signed the same.
metrical' system coinage.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from, the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a report
from Mr. E. B. Elliott'upon the subject of the
national metrical system of,coinage; which was
referred to thelQommittee on Coinage, Weights,
and Measures, and ordered to be printed.
custom-hocse officers, philadelphia.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, in reply
to House resolution of February 1, relative to
tile removal of certain persons from the office
of collector of the port of Philadelphia.
Mr. RANDALL. This document shows fully
the-view taken by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury as to the course pursued in reference to
this matter. I move that the communication
be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
ballads, etc., on the rebellion.
, .The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from, the Secretary of State, transmitting a copy
of " Ballads. Odes, &e., on the Great Ameri-
can War of 1861-65, by Walter Thomas Mey-
ler, of Dublin;" which was laid on the table.
leave of absence.
Mr. Tkimble, of Kentucky, obtained leave
of absence for ten days.
Mr. Robinson obtained leave of absence for
the remainder of the week.
leave l'o pkint.
Mr. French obtained leave to have printed
in the Globe remarks on the constitutional
amendment relative to suffrage. [See Appen-
dix.]
Mr. BuRLEien obtained leave to have printed
remarks on,Indian affairs. [See Appendix.]
itaileoad from washington to new york.
The SPEAKER, The regular order having
been called forj the morning hour will now com -
mence. The first business in order is the con-
sideration of House bill No. 621, to authorize
the building of a military and postal railway
from Washington, District of Columbia, to the
city of New York, reported from the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals with sundry amend-
ments, and upon which the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] is entitled to the floor for
forty minutes remaining of his hour. The bill
was last under consideration during the morn-
ing hour of Thursday last. As the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] is not now present
the Chair will recognize the gentleman from
New York [Mr. McCarthy] as entitled to the
floor.
Mr. McCARTHY. I have been instructed
by the Committee on Roads and Canals to
move to amend this bill by striking out the fifth
section, and by amending the sixth section so
as to make the time required for the passage
between Washington and New York seven
hours instead of six hours, as now proposed by
this bill.
The fifth section, which it was moved to
strike out, was as follows :
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the NewYorlt
and Washington Rnilway Company shall have power
to connect with and use, as a part of their said lino
or linos, any railroad or railroads now constructed
leading in the general direction of the line specified
in this act, by consolidation or transfer of the stock
of said railroad or railroads with or to the said Now
Yonc and Washington Railway Company, or other-
wise, as xnay be mutually agreed upon ; and there-
q upon the said railway hereby authorized shall bo
empowered to so ohange the grade, curvature, and
location oi such railroad or railroads as to conform
to tho requirements of the seventh section of this
act: froviaeu, lhat nothing herein contained shall
be so construed as to authorize such connection or
arrangement with any existing company or com-
panies as to defeat the otyeet and intent of this act,
which, is hereby declared to be to authorise and re-
Quire the construction of a line of railway between
Washington, District of Columbia, and the city of
New York, in the State of New York, as nearly an
a,ir line as practicable," for the transportation of pas-
sengers-and mails between the two cities aforesaid,
and.the more speedy and reliable transmission of
United States mails, troops, seamen, and supplies,
between the capital and the port of New York, and
for other like purposes.
Mr.' KERR, having appeared in his seat,
said: I trust the gentleman from New York
[Mr. McCarthy] will allow me to conclude
the remarks upon this bill which I commenced
on Thursday last.
Mr. McCARTHY. I have no desire to de-
prive the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerb]
of the opportunity to conclude his remarks,
and I will yield to him if it does not deprive
mo of my right to the floor.
The SPEAKER. It will not. And if there
be no objection the morning hour will be con-
sidered as now commencing, and the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] will be regarded
as entitled to the floor for forty minutes.
No objection was made.
Mr. TWICHELL. I rise to put an inquiry
'to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] yield for that purpose?
Mr. KERR. I will if it does not come out
of my time.
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. TWICHELL. I wish to know whether
a motion to recommit will be in order after the
previous question has been moved?
The SPEAKER.- It will not be, unless the
previous question should be voted down.
Mr. KERR resumed and concluded the re-
marks begun by him on last Thursday. [The
entire speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. McCAHTHY. Having, in the absence
ofthechairmau, [Mr. Cook,] the charge of this
bill on behalf of the committee I demand the
previous question on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. McCAllTHY. I yield for a moment to
the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Sit-
greaves.]
Mr. SITGREAVES. Mr. Speaker, this bill
is one involving a very grave constitutional
question with reference to the power of Con-
gress, and one which proposes to strike down
a vast investment of private capital. I have
no opportunity at this time to discuss the ques-
tion as fully as its importance deserves, and I
ask leave to print my remarks.
There was no objection, and leave was
granted. [See Appendix.]
Mr. McCarthy I yield for a moment
to the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
IIahhit.]
Mr. IIAIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I had intended
to submit some remarks upon this important
question, in which my State feels great interest;
but under the operation of the previous ques-
tion there is no time to express my views at
length in opposition to the bill, and I ask leave
to have them printed in the Globe as part of
the debates.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
[See Appendix.]
Mr. Miller also obtained leave to print
remarks in favor of the bill. [See Appendix.]
Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, this bill
proposes to facilitate and cheapen commerce
and to establish a post road. The Constitution
is preceded by a preamble which declares it to
be one of the objects of its creation " to pro-
mote the general welfare of the people of the
United States." And the Constitution makes
it the duty of Congress " to provide for the
common defense and general welfare" of the
people. When Congress is called upon to legis-
late, specifically or generally, for the people's
welfare, such legislation should be regulated
by a wise discretion. Before the adoption of
the Constitution each State was a sovereignty,
and had entire control over its commerce. The
exercise of that power caused jealousy and
difficulty between several of the States. It was
one of the causes which led-to the adoption of
the Constitution ; by that act they surrendered
up to the General.Government the entire con-
trol and regulation of commerce. The power
of regulation must not be narrowed down. It
must be interpreted in the spirit and in har-
mony with the nation's rapid growth and vast
proportions. In the language of Chief Justice
Marshall: • .
"Powerful and ingenious minds taking as postu-
lates that the po wers expressly granted to the Govern-
ment of the Union are to be contrasted by construc-
tion into the narrowest' possible'compass, and that
the original powers of the States are retained, if any
possible construction will retain them, may, by a
course of well digested but refined and metaphysical
reasoning, founded on these premises, explain away
the Constitution of our country and leave it a mag-
nificent structure indeed to look at, but totally unfit
for use.''
It will be said the terms "common defense
and general welfare" are general and unde-
fined, liableto misconception.and abuse. The
history of the country for the past few years
proves that the greatest danger lies in the nar-
row and technical construction of these terms.
Under such construction by. rebels, anti-coer-
cionists, peace men, and Democrats the nation
nearly lost its life. On the contrary, through
necessity and wisdom, a liberal construction by
Congress aud the Executive saved the nation's
life. How true the sayiug of one of the great
men of our country, Andrew Jackson :
" The time has neyer yet been when the patriotism
and intelligence of the American people wero not
fully equal to the greatest exigency ot the nation,
and it never will be."
As a liberal-construction of the powers by
Congress, amid the din of arms and battle,
more terrible than the world eversaw, saved the
nation's life, so in time of peace will the same
just and liberal construction of powers secure
and harmonize the nation's prosperity.
At the organization of our Government and
the adoption of the Constitution we were com-
posed of thirteen States, with about three mil-
lion people. As with the gift of inspiration
the authors of the Constitution, looking farinto
the future, created it for all time, making it so
far-reaching and perfect that to day in the
power "to regulate commerce" it covers the
wants of a nation composed of thirty-seven
States, several large Territories, and nearly
forty million people—a written Constitution
conferring power equal to the nation's growth
and equal to the greatest political struggle, far
beyond the strongest anticipation and foresight
of its authors—yes, enabling the Government
to pass successfully through an unparalleled
effort to destroy it which would have destroyed
any other dynasty or Government on the earth.
There are some provisions of the Constitution
upon which no inferred powers are necessary,
and yet they are equal and practicable to any
growth of the nation. Even to that time when
the "whole boundless continent shall be
ours " one of those provisions is that Congress
"shall regulate commerce" "with foreign
nations and among the several States." This
power to regulate also confers the power to
create, and, when necessary, to execute. That
necessity exists when a State or States shall
limit and control the freedom or advantages of
competing lines of commerce. The freedom
of commerce, like that of national citizenship,
belongs to all the people of the country, and is
as necessary to the nation as political liberty.
When a State shall create a channel of com-
merce which is an obstruction, inconvenience,
time, and expense, to the people at large, by
refusing to make connections in its own State
or with roads in other States, not permit-
ting competition, then it becomes the duty of
Congress to regulate; then it must create or
cause to be created other and competing chan-
nels of commerce.
The power of regulation must be equal to
the demands of that commerce which shall
grow out of the great resources of the country,
the wants and necessities of the people, stimu-
lated by their intelligence and great prosperity,
through the entire Onion. This power of Con-
gress is coextensive with time and all wants
of the people of this great country, meting
out equal and exact justice to all its parts,
new and old, far and near, reaching from the
