1768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
ation to fraud and to the obtaining of certifi-
cates by fraud will be very greatly increased.
But, sir, after a great deal of examination of
this subject I, for one, feel that the abase
which has grown lip is so great that there is
probably no better remedy than that which
would be provided by a bill of the character I
have indicated.
But now at the end of a Congress, after we
have had as many as fifteen cases of contested
elections, I do think that it is wrong to treat
one man in a different way from that in which
we treat another. It has been the opinion of
the Committee of Elections that so long as the
law stands as it is, until some new law shall be
enacted providing a different rule, all men com •
ing here and prosecuting in good faith their
claims to seats should be paid if any contest-
ants are paid. I do not think it right to make
" fish of one and fowl of another." Hence it
is that, as the organ of the Committee of Elec-
tions, I have reported resolutions for the pay
of contestants whenever the committee have
believed that the contest has been conducted in
good faith. But I hope that at the beginning
of the next Congress those who may have this
matter in charge will feel it their duty to urge
the adoption of some such enactment as I have
indicated to get rid of the abuse which is grow-
ing up. I understand that in the next Con-
gress there will be thirty cases of contested
elections.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the com-
mittee rise for the purpose of closing debate
on the amendment, unless unanimous consent
be given for that purpose.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Scofield.) Will
the committee give unanimous consent that
debate on the pending amendment be closed ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Chairman, I think
there is no quorum here, and 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hears no ob-
jection to the proposition of the gentlemau
from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] and itis agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I was objecting.
The CHAIRMAN. It took the gentleman
a long while to pronounce his objection. [Laugh-
ter.] The question is upon the amendment of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerb,] as
renewed by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. Holmau accepted Mr. Kerr's amend-
ment., as renewed by Mr. Dawes.
Mr. ROSS. I move to strike out "$2,500"
and insert " $1,500" for each one.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 20, noes 76.
Mr. ROSS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Clarke, of
Kansas, and Mr. Eldridge were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 28, noes 83.
The Chairman voted in the negative.
So the amendment to the amendment was
disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my amendment
on the understanding that it shall be voted on
in the House.
Mr. SPALDING. That is the agreement.
I now move that the committee rise and report
the bill. _ y
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration House bill No. 2007,
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
Jnne 30, 1870, and for other purposes, and had
directed him to report the same back to the
House with sundry amendments.
Mr. HOLMAN. I offer the amendment
which I withdrew just before the committee
rose.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strikeout
the following:
For laying the foundation and commencing the
building for the POat office andsub-Treitoury iu Bos-
ton, Massachusetts, $200,000.
For laying the foundation and commencing the
building for the post office in New Yorkoity, $200,000.
Mr. SPALDING. I now demand the pre-
vious question. •
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
STRENGTHENING THE PUBLIC CREDIT.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to suspend the
rules to take from the Speaker's table the
amendment of the Senate to the bill of the
House to strengthen the public credit.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
And then, on motion of Mr. ROSS, (it being
past eleven o'clock p. m.,) the House ad-
journed.
PETITION, ETC.
The following petition, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BLACKBURN: The memorial of
Robert Emmett Rankin, jr., of Shreveport,
Louisiana, praying for relief from legal and
political disabilities.
By Mr. FOX: A memorial of the special
committee of the common council of New
York city, in relation to the payment of money
due the corporation of said city.
By Mr. MORRELL: The petition of Har-
per, Gutman & Co. and 42 other firms and
individuals, wagon-makers and blacksmiths,
citizens of Alleghany City, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for such increase of protective duties as
will revive manufactures and restore prosper-
ity to the country.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 2, 1809.
Prayer by Rev. W. Mokley Pukshok, of
Toronto, Canada.
On motion of Mr. NYE, and by unanimous
consent, the reading of the Journal of yester-
day was dispensed with.
personal explanation.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I desire to make
a personal explanation. In speaking yesterday
upon the question of the removal of the dis-
abilities of Mr. Rogers, of Richmond, it will be
remembered that 1 inquired if he held the posi-
tion of auditor of the State, to which inquiry
the answer was that he did. I fell into an
error, therefore,by saying that feeling was man-
ifested against him on account of certain move-
ments on foot in regard to the railroads of Vir-
ginia, by presuming that he held the office of
auditor. The auditor's name is Taylor instead
of Rogers, and this man is his assistant, or
second auditor. I have a letter from him
stating that fact, in which he says that though
he thinks he is entitled to have his disabilities
removed, yet he cannot afford to have them
removed by anything like a wrong being said
or done to others. It is a letter fully stating
his position. I ought to state, perhaps, that in
this letter of Mr. Rogers he says he regards
Governor Wells as his friend, and he never
heard that he made any opposition to him.
I have other letters from different individuals
there reporting the same thing, and likewise
stating that the suggestion that I made in rela-
tion to the effort made to sell these public
works is entirely erroneous. I leave that for
them to settle among themselves. I desire to
make this explanation so that I shall not do
injustice, as 1 certainly did not intend to do,
to any person connected therewith. The error
arose from assuming that Mr. Rogers occupied
the position of auditor.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, transmitting a copy of a
convention between the United States and the
Mexican republic, providing for the adjust-
ment of the claims of citizens of either coun-
try against each other, signed on the 4th day
of July last, and th  ratifications of which were
exchanged on the 1st instant; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and ordered to be printed.
petitions and memorials,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memorial of the General Assembly of the State
of Missouri, praying for a grant of land for the
construction of a railroad from the Atlantic
and Pacific railroad to Batesville and Little
Rock, called the St. James and Little Rock
railroad; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad.
He also presented the memorial of the ex-
ecutive committee of the United States Indian
commission, in favor of the rejection of the
Osage Indian treaty and of the protection of
the rights and interests of the Indians; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
He also presented the petition of business
men of New York, Boston, Philadelphia, and
Chicago, praying that purchases or sales of
loans and bonds on account of the United
States shall be hereafter made by inviting pub-
lic competition through advertisements for pro-
posals, and that sales of gold be made at public
auction; which was referred to the Committee
on Finauce.
_ Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of
citizens of Indiana, three petitions of citizens
of Michigan, a petition of citizens of New York,
and a petition of citizens of Wisconsin, pray-
ing that in any change or amendment of the
Constitution that Congress may propose to ex-
tend or regulate suffrage there shall be no
distinction between men and women; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CONKLING presented two petitions
of citizens of New York, praying for such an
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States as will fully recognize the obligations of
the Christian religion ; which were referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Utica, New York, remonstrating against an
amendment to the patent laws whereby foreign
patents not patented in the United States shall
be considered in deciding cases in which the
validity of a patent is in question ; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents.
proposed executive session.
Mr. SUMNER. I have occasion to make
two reports in executive session. It will take
only a moment or two, and I will now move 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no further petitions, reports from committees
are in order.
Mr. SUMNER. I,now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. This is the best hour for that purpose.
Mr. POMEROY. That motion is not in
order.
Mr. MORTON. I hope we shall not go into
executive session.
Mr. SUMNEIi. There are not a sufficient
number of Senators present for the proper
transaction of business in executive session,
but we may proceed with reports. I move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think that is very
unusual during the morning hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not a
debatable proposition. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The motion was not agreed to.
pay of southern senators.
Mr. MORTON. I move to take up for con-
sideration the resolution that was unfinished
during the morning hour the other day, in
regard to the pay of Senators from the recon-
structed States. It was passed over with a
distinct understanding that as soon as the
measure which superseded it should be dis-
posed of it should be taken up. It is due to
those Senators that it should be disposed of.
I think we can take a vote without further de-
bate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana asks the unanimous consent
