1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1769
of the Senate to take up the resolution indi-
cated by liiro.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we ought not
to take up that resolution and cut off the busi-
ness of the morning hour at this stage of the
session.
Mr. AIORTOX. I do not think it will take
anytime. It is due to those Senators that it
should be disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to taking it up ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then it
goes ever.
sturgeon bay seip-canal.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider Senate bill No. 707,
reported from the Committee on Public Lands,
which will take perhaps three minutes, just
long enough to read it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 707) granting lands to the State
of Wisconsin to aid in the construction of a
breakwater and harbor and ship-canal at the
head of Sturgeon bay, in the county of Door,
in said State, to connect the waters of Green
bay and Lake Michigan, in said State. The bill
proposes to grant to the State of Wisconsin to
aid in the building of a breakwater and harbor
and ship-canal at Sturgeon bay to connect the
waters of Green bay with the waters of Lake
Michigan, in addition to a former grant for
that purpose, approved April 10, 1866, two
hundred thousand acres of public lands within
the State of Wisconsin, and from land to which
the right of homestead or preemption has not
attached ; but one hundred and fifty thousand
acres of the lands are to be selected from
alternate odd-numbered sections, and fifty thou-
sand acres from even-numbered sections of the
lands of the United States. This grant of lands
is to inure to the use and benefit of the Sturgeon
Bay and Lake Michigan Ship-Canal and Harbor
Company, in accordance with an act of the
Legislature of the State of Wisconsin, confer-
ring the lands granted to the State by the act
herein referred to on that company. The bill also
extends the time allowed for the completion
of the work and the right of reversion to the
United States under the act of Congress ap-
proved April 10, 1866, three additional years ;
but no lands designated by the United States
as "mineral" before the passage of this act
are to be included within this grant.
The bill was reported from the Committee
on Public Lands with amendments. The first
amendment was in line ten, to strike out after
the word "from" the words "land to which
the right of homestead or preemption has not
attached" and to insert "and from surveyed
lands and which are not mineral."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twelve, to
strike out the words "one hundred and fifty
thousand acres of;" and in line fourteen, after
the word "sections" to strike out the words
"and fifty thousand acres from even-numbered
sectionsso that the proviso will read :
Provided. That said lands shall be selected from
alternate odd-numbered sections of the lands of the
united States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-five,
to strike out the following proviso :
And provided further. That no lands designated by
the United States as "mineral" before the passage of
this act shall be inoluded within this grant.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
And no lands shall vest in said State or company
until said work is completed; nor shall patents issue
ior the same until the Secretary shall be satisfied that
said work has been oompleted.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire of the honor-
able Senator who called this bill up what
amount of land has been heretofore devoted by
the Government to this work?
Mr. HOWE. Two hundred thousand acres
have been appropriated to this canal and four
hundred thousand to the canal across Kewee-
naw Point. This makes the grant just equal
to the grants made to Michigan for the canal
across Keweenaw Point.
Mr. HARLAN. I did not observe the read-
ing of the bill very minutely, but if I do com-
prehend it the land in this bill can be taken
from the public domain anywhere.
Mr. HOWE. In that State. _
Mr, HARLAN. 1 will inquire if there is
any limitation in that respect.
Mr. HENDRICKS I think the language of
the bill is " within the State of Wisconsin." I
have forgotten the exact phraseology, but I
think those words are inserted. If they are
not they ought to be.
The secretary. The language of the bill is,
"public lands within the State of Wisconsin."
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time, and
representative reform.
Mr. WADE, from the select Committee on
Representative Reform, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 772) to amend the represent-
ation of the people in Congress, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to make a writ-
ten report from the select Committee on Repre-
sentative Reform to accompany Senate bill No.
772, to amend the representation of the people
in Congress. I desire an order to be entered
to print the report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I also desire, for the
purpose of reference, that a certain number of
extra copies, say two thousand, be printed.
The PRESIDENTprotorepore. That motion
will go to the Committee on Printing under
ru]eS
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire also to say a
word in regard to this report. It contains a
large amount of valuable information in a con-
densed form on the subject of representation
and representative reform drawn from Ameri-
can and British sources. I desire it to be un-
derstood that this documeut shall go into the
Appendix of the Globe, so that it will be within
the reach of gentlemen in Congress hereafter.
The members of the committee have inform-
ally had an understanding that ifc should be
printed in the Appendix. I mention this as an
act of good faith to the Senate because it is not
usual to print reports of this sort in the Globe.
[The report will be published in the Ap-
pendix.]
district gas company.
Mr. HARLAN". The Committee on the
District of Columbia have had under consid-
eration twoSenateresolutions in relation to the
business of the gas company in this District,
tyid have instructed me to make the following
report:
The Committee on the District of Columbia, to
whom were referred Senate resolutions in relation
to the price of gas and the business of the gas com-
pany in the District of Columbia, havehad the same
under consideration, and have elicited the inform-
ation contained in the^appended communication
from said company; which is hereto attached and
made a part of this report:
office of washington gas-light company,
no. 472 tenth street "west,
city of washington, February 26,1869.
sib: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of two resolutions of the Senateof the United States
concerning the management of the Washington Gas-
Light Company, passed on the 4th and 16th days of
February, 1869, respectively.
In reply to the same I beg leave to make the fol-
lowing statement:
The resolution of February 4 relates to the price of
gas furnished by this company to its consumers.
The price has been at three different times fixed or
limited by Congress, namely: June 25.1860, July 11,
1862, and January 30,1865. under the law last named
the company are now acting in the following man-
ner: the law fixes the price at four dollars per one
thousand feet, subject to a discount of ten per cent,
to the United States and of five per ceut. to citizens,
being a net price of $3 60 to the "United States and
$3 80 to citizens; to both of which the United States
tax of twenty-five cents per one thousand feet must
be added, making the price of $3 86 to the United
States and $4 Oo to citizens.
The Gas-Light Company voluntarily, on thelftaay
of July, 1866, reduced the price to $3 70 to citizens,
and, on the 1st day of July, 1867, to $3 50 to citizens
and the United States alike: and on the 1st day of
July, 1S68, to $3 40. Since the 1st of July, 1866. the
company has assumed the United States internal
revenue tax of twenty-five cents per one thousand
cubic feet, amounting in the aggregate to over 831,000
per annum, and has not since that date chargcd the
tax to consumers as authorized by the ninety-fourth
section of the act of July 13, 1866.
After deducting this tax from $3 40. the price
charged, there remains for theeompany $3 15perone
thousand feet: and whenever the internal revenue
tax is removed or reduced a corresponding reduction
will be made to the consumers unless an increased
cost of labor or coal shall intervene to preveut it.
Accompanying this statement is aschedule of prices
furnished by the Gas-Light Journal, of New York
city, which I make as a part of this statement, as I
believe it reliable. By this schedule it will be seen
that the average price of the one hundred and thirty-
six companies is $4 45perone thousand feet; showing
that the price in this city is $1 05 below the average.
Inasmuch as Congress cannot regulate by law the
price of coal, labor, or any other material entering
into the manufacture of illuminating gas, the Gas-
Light Company has so conducted its business as to
avoid the necessity of legislation on the subject by
frequent voluntary reductions of price. I would
further state that gas is now being furnished to citi-
zens at sixty-five cents and to the United States at
forty-five cents per one thousand feet less than the
price fixed by law.
In answer to the first clause of the resolution of
February 16, I have to say that the capital stock of
the Gas-Light Company was increased to $1,000,000,
by virtue of an act of Congress passed the 24th day
of May, 1866; that certificates of stock have been
issued for that amount and no more; that the aetual
cost ofthe land, buildings, gas apparatus, gas-holders,
street mains, meters, &c., belonging to the company
has been S1.041.4S7; that since the passage of the law
alluded to a large gas-holder has been erected near
the Capitol, eighteen miles of street mains have been
laid, and six more contracted for to be put down the
coming season; that twenty-five hundred feet of
street main, extending beyond the city limits to the
Howard University, and six thousand to the Deaf-
Mute College have been laid; this has been done
without the prospect of immediate profit, but with a
view to benefit the public institutions located at those
remote points.
By a contract between the corporation of the city
and theGas-Light Company, thelatter obligate them-
selves to lay street mains when and where required.
With regard to the final clause of the resolution of
February 16,1869,1 most respectfully submit that it
i3 impossible to give the amount of gas consumed, as
contemplated by the resolution; that no separate
record has been kept during the period named in
said resolution, I would, however, say that the dis-
crepancy between the amount of gas manufactured
and the amount sold and used by the company at
their works and offices goes into theleakage account,
which account embraces all waste.loss by condensa-
tion, gas used by employes and others without pay,
as well as the aetual leakage. The amount of this
leakage account for the past three years is but eight
and sixty-three hundredths per cent, of the gas
made, being much less than at many other works
known to me.
That gas and coke have been given away, many
acts of liberality and charity done, I do not deny,
but I have yet to hear of the first complaint from
any stockholder of this company on that account.
On the contrary the present board of directors were
unanimously reelected at the annual meeting on the
first Monday of the present month.
It may not. be out of place in this report to state
that the whole number of consumers on the books
of the company now actually taking gas is over
five thousand three hundred, and that the monthly
bills for the past year exceeded sixty thousand, and
yet the number of complaints made at the office
of large gas bills during the year was but one hun-
dred and seventy. In conclusion I will say that no
act of Congress has been violated by the company,
neither has it aay necessity or disposition to evade
any law whatsoever. Trusting that this statement
will be acceptable, I have the honor to be,
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
B. II. BARTOL,
President of Gas-Light Company,
W ashington, D. C.
Hon. james harlan, Chairman of the Committee on
the District of Columbia, United States Senate.
district of columbia, County of Washington ss.*
On this 26th day of February, in the^ year of our
Lord 1869, before me the subscriber, a justice of the
peace in and for the district and county aforesaid,
personally appeared Barnabas H. Bartol, who «eing
duly sworn according to law deposes Mid says that
he is the president of the Washington City Gas-Light
Company, and as such fully acquainted with the
affairs of said company, and that the above annexed
statement is in every particular true to the bestot ins
k S°iro'ru to and subscribed before me this 26th day
[l.a.]bruaiy' a,i>'1869' arthur shepherd.
Price per one thousand cubic feet of gas charged con-
sumers in the different cities and towns of the United
States.
1. Ensville Gas-Light Company, Pennsyl-
vania....    $3 50
2. Lewisburg Gas-Light Company, Penn-
sylvania, Union County  4 50
Amount carried forward   •—« $8 00
