66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
Houses included. This is a fesolution of the
Senate simply. While I am in favor of any
resolution upon this subject which shall meet
the views of ft majority here) and most in favor1
of such a form as shall most clearly express
r,he meaning that we have and guard the faith
of the nation, I hope we shall pass no resolu-
tion until it shall he the expression of both
Houses of Congress. I hope( therefore, this
proposition will be referred to the Committee
on Finance for the purpose of giving it such
form as shall commend it further to us.
Mr. CATI'ELL. Mr. President, my object
in offering this resolution was that we should
have from this body a prompt denial of the
doctrine contained in this message to go out
with it to the world. A legislative enactment
such as the joint resolution proposed by the
Senator from Vermont, which was on our tables
at the last session, will necessarily bring up
some debate, or require some time, at any
rate, in its passage. The House of .Repre-
sentatives, I think, pursued the same course
which I have now proposed: they introduced
and passed a resolution of their own bpdy;
and 1 felt that it was exceedingly desirable that
the Senate should at once promptly declare its
views in relation to this proposition.
Moreover, sir, this proposition of the Pres-
ident, differs from all others. There is no ques-
tion in this proposition as to whether the debt
shall be paid in greenbacks or in coin. The
suggestion is that it shall not be paid at all;
and it occurs to me that so open and undis-
guised a proposition as this ought- to be met,
at least, by a prompt and decided expression
of the Senate of the United States against it.
When the other question comes up, it involves,
perhaps, Some points on which there will be
found differences of opinion. As to this, 1
think there can scarcely lie found a solitary
individual in (he Senate of the United States
who will not disagree to the message of the
president, at any rate as I understand it;
and therefore 1 should prefer that the Senate
would agree to pass this resolution now rather
than refer it. My motion for reference was at
the suggestion of n friend. I leave the ques-
tion entirely for the judgment of the Senate.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, 1 rise rather for
the purpoaeoftnakinga suggestion to the honor-
able mover of this resolution, to see whether
he will not consent to strike out all after the
word "crime." It seems to me that the rest
has heeu so often stated that it would be use-
less again to repeat it. 1 think if the resolution
could be amended m that respect no member
of this body, whatever his views may be upon
the manner of payment, would vote against
the proposition. No right-minded man of any
parly, 1 care not where he is. would dare stand
up hi;re in the presence of the intelligence of
this day and say that he was in favor of repu-
diating the public debt of this country. It. is a
great crime to suggest it; it is a crime to think
of it: and a double crime for a person standing
in the position of the Executive of this nation
to send forth that alarming statement to the
country. What we need and what our public
credit needs is that it lie sustained and be con-
fidently upheld by everybody of all parties. I
attribute this suggestion of this dying Execu-
tive to the fact that he is dying; that he has
been so long opposed to the successful opera-
tions of the Government that involuntarily, in
his death-struggle, he gives an expiring kick,
lie has made an attempt which I think this
body an d this Congress will be prepared to meet.
51r. HENDRICKS. I wish to a-k of the
Chair if this resolution was offered this morn-
i n<r ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution was offered this morning?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is it too late to ask
that it shall lie over until to-morrow?
Sev era! Sexatoks. It has been debated.
The PRESIDENT^?™ tempore. I suppose
an objection would carry it over, although the
better construction of the rule ought to be that
that objection should be made before debate
is had.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from New
Jersey appealed to the unanimous consent ot
the Senate to introduce the resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ho said for reference.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The appeal to the
Senate for unanimous leave to introduce the
i resolution was not a consent of the Senate that
|i it should be considered now ; but I will suggest
■j to the Chair that when the Senator introduced
ij it he continued to occupy the floor, and it
!j would have been almost rude on the part of
I1' any Senator while he was expressing his views
|! about his own resolution to object to the fur-
h ther consideration of it. I think this resolu-
tion ought to lie over. It is quite enough, as
the distinguished Senator from Vermont has
said, that it does not express any one proposi-
tion distinctly in regard to the obligations of
the Government toward the public debt. If
there is a difference between the letter and the
spirit of the law, dearly Congress in stating
anything about it ought to state what that dif-
ference is. I knew very well during all the
summer that the contest, so far as it was pre-
sented at Chicago, on this important question
was made upon an equivocal proposition, as
i the Senator from Vermont now says. This
i debt is to be paid not only according to the
letter but according to the spirit of the laws
| under which it was contracted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
i Senator insist on his objection to the consid-
: oration of the resolution ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. If it is to be referred,
ill not.
'Mr. CONNESS. Let it be referred.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Senators suggest, that
they are going to refer it, and so I will not
insist on my objection.
The PRESIDENT;>ro tempore. The objec-
tion is withdrawn. The question is on the
reference of the resolution to the Committee
on Pinance.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to make another
remark or two. I understand this proposition
is the platform of a political party of last year.
1 should like to have the opportunity to pre-
sent, when this is considered, as an amend-
ment to it or substitute for it, the proposition
of another poliiieal party presented to the
people in the last contest. My own opinion is
that that platform presents the real doctrine in
regard to our public debt more correctly, and
presents it as it was claimed by very many per-
sons during the last contest, that this resolution
should be so construed as to agree with the
New York platform.
If the Senator from New Jersey wishes to
rebuke the President of the United States it
is not becoming that the rebuke shall be con-
tained in equivocal language. If the Presi-
dent be wrong and the Senate intends to state
what is the right it ought to state it. This
does not,. This assumes that between the let-
ter of the law and the spirit of the law under
which the debt was contracted there is a differ-
ence. What is that difference ? Is the letter
of the law that the debt shall be paid in the
lawful money of the United States, but is the
spirit of the law according to the judgment of
the Senator from New Jersey, according to the
judgment of the Senator from Vermont, that
it shall bo paid in gold? Now, we are not deal-
ing with this question with a view to a political
result, I presume; and if the Senate makes a
declaration on this question at ail, it ought to
be done frankly and fully, especially if it is to
be regarded as a rebuke to the Chief Magis-
trate of the country. He has declared his
views upon it, in which I do not concur; but
if he is to be rebuked, let him be rebuked
plainly. If it is the business of the Senate to
pass resolutions intended to be those of cen-
sure, let them declare the true doctrine as the
doctrine instead of that contained in the Presi-
dent's message.
Now, I want to know from the Senator from
New Jersey who presents this resolution what
does it mean? By this resolution does he
t undertake to say that there is a difference
Si between the spirit and the letter of the law?
If so, what is that difference? And if tliert)
be such a difference, what doctrine in regard
to the payment of the public debt does he intend
to declare by this resolution ? Does he intend
to declare that the debt must be paid in coin,
or that in part it may be paid in the lawful
money of the United States? My opinion is
that the debt is to be paid according to the
contract. The law is the contract. In the
absence of a provision that it is to be paid
in.gold it is at the discretion of the Govern-
ment to pay in gold or the lawful money of
the United'States. Now, what is the opinion
of the Senator from New Jersey ? He wants
to rebuke the President. By what sentiment
does he intend to rebuke him? By saying
that this contract between the Government
and the bondholder is a gold contract? Is
that the construction ? What was meant by
this resolution as to the difference between
the spirit and the letter of the law? it is well
enough now that we should state what was
meant, by language that entered so largely into
the discussions of last year, and I am glad the
Senator has offered this resolution, for now we
shall know, as a matter of course, exactly what
is meant.
Mr. CATTELL, Mr. President, in reply to
the remarks of the Senator from Indiana, I de-
sire only to say that when the proper time
arrives for the consideration of the subject to
which he alludes I shall be prepared to
answer any of the several inquiries which he
lias propounded to me. The object of this
resolution was simply to express the disappro-
bation of the Senate in regard to that portion
of the President's message which 1 read and
commented upon; and in doing so I added to
that general form of expression of opinion an
expression which has been passed upon by a
body higher than the Senate, or the Congress,
or tiie Executive—passed upon by the people
of the United States; and I am somewhat sur-
prised to find that so good a Democrat as my
friend fiom Indiana is disposed now, after that
high court has passed upon this question, to
piopose to incorporate upon this resolution a
portion of the platform which has been con-
demned by the people.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
mo to ask him one question? Did the people
decide, in voting upon this resolution, in favor
of paying the debt in gold or in the lawful
money of the United States?
Mr. CATTELL. I think they decided that
the resolution of the Chicago platform was
very much preferable to that issued in New
York. I think that was the great decision
made on that, occasion. But, Mr. President,
as I remarked in rising, when it shall become
necessary to discuss this question in all its
length and breadth I shall be prepared to take
my ground upon it with as much frankness as
the Senator from Indiana will. My object was
what I have stated. I should be glad to have
a vote to-day on this resolution, but I submit
to the better judgment of friends around me,
who think it is better to refer the resolution to
the committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I wish to
ask my friend from Indiana, if I can have his
attention, the same question that he asked the
Senator from New Jersey: what lie under-
stands the people to have decided on that sub-
ject in the last campaign? He has better
means of knowing than almost any of us, as he
lived in a region of country where a good deal
was said on that subject. I should really be
glad, for information, to be told by the responsi-
ble head of the Democratic party precisely
what the people did decide as he understands it.
Mr. HENDIUCKS. Mr. President, the
Senator from Vermont, inasmuch as he belongs
to the majority party, ought to be able to an-
swer that question much more satisfactorily
than I am presumed to be able to do. If, how-
ever. I were to answer the Senator just as I
believe, I would say that I think the people
really deeided nothing upon it. I understand
that in the region of the country in which he
lives it was claimed thjit the resolution meant
