THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
tor from Arkansas moves that two members be
added to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
'Mr. WILLEY. I desire to inquire whether
the resolution I offered awhile ago goes to the
Committee on Finance?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No; it was
not strictly in order under that motion. It
may go as an independent proposition, if the
Senator moves it.
Mr. WILLEY. I move that it be referred
to the committee, also.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
question pending—the motion of the Senator
from Arkansas to add two members to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest to the Senator from
Arkansas to let this matter lie over to day.
The chairman of the committee has not been
here this session. I think there will be no
difficulty about settling the question.
Mr. RICK. At the suggestion of Senators
I will let my motion lie over until the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] the chairman
of the committee, arrives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
will lie over until to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from West Virginia [Mr. Willey] moves
that the Senate proceed to consider the reso-
lution offered by him. No objection being
made, the resolution will be read again.
Mr. FOWLER. Is it understood that the
resolution is to be passed to-day?
Several Senators. Oh, no; only to be
referred.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the
resolution, as follows:
Jtesulved, That the Senate, properly ehorishing and
upholding the frood faith and honor of the nation,
do hereby utterly disappiovo of and condemn the
sentiments- mid proposition contained in so much of
tho lute annual mos-<n!ro of the President of the
United States as reads as follows.
Mr. CONNESS. That has already been read.
I move to refer it to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There was
a resolution offered by the Senator from Ala-
bama [Mr. Wakner] which will bo taken up.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Rcwlved by the Senate of the United Nates. That wo
r«gard as dishonest tho proposition of the President
contained in his message to appropriate tho interest
of the public debt to tho payment of the principal.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that that have tho
same reference.
The motion was agreed to.
KNJIOLLHI) HILLS SiUNKD.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhkksok, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolution,
and they were thereupon signed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 505) to authorize the Secre-
tary of State to adjust the claim of Gustavus
G. Cushman for office rent while commissioner
under the reciprocity treaty ;
A bill (S. No. 180) providing for the sale of
the lands, tenements, and water privileges be-
longing to the United States at and near Har-
per's Ferry, in the county of Jefferson, West
Virginia; and
A joint resolution (S. II. No. 170) in rela-
tion to tho library of the Department of Agri-
culture.
COMMITTER ON' ORIlN'ANCE.
Mr. CAMERON. The other day when tho
standing committees were appointed the chair-
man of tho joint Committee on Ordnance was
r ,ot present, and in consequence thereof the
committee on that subject was suffered to
expire. I move that it be continued, so that
the committee may have an opportunity of
closing up their business.
The motion was agreed to.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani
mous consent, and agreed to :
Mesolved, That tho Secretary of the Interior be
directed to communicate to the Senate the report of
Sir. 'Williams, Government director of the Union
Pacific railroad, on the condition of said road.
adjournment tor the iiolidays.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the resolution relating
to the adjournment for the holidays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That has
been objected to, and the objection carries it
over to-'day unless it be withdrawn.
Mr. CONNESS. It may not be objected to
now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 do not suppose any-
body will object.
Mr. COLE. I presume the objection made
related to some question then pending which it
was desirable to dispose of.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following concurrent
resolution of the House of Representatives :
Revolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when the
twoiHouses of Congress adjourn on Monday, the 21st
instant, they adjourn to moot on Tuosday, the 5th of
0 anuary, 1869.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the resolution of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to amend the reso-
lution by striking out "Monday, the 21st"
and inserting" Wednesday, the23d." Itseems
to me we ought not to adjourn so early. I call
for the yeas and nays on the amendment.,
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 2G, nays 27; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Corbett, Dixon, Edmunds.
Fessenden, Harlan, Harris, Kellogg, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Osboin, Patterson of New llamp-
shire,Pattersonof Tcnnessee.Pomeroy, Ramsey,Rice,
Ross, Sherman,Spencer, Sumner,Thaver, Trumbull,
Wado, Warner, Wilson, and Yates—-u.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalow, Cattell, Cole,
Conkling, Conness, Davis. Doolittle. Fowler, Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Howe," McCreery, Morgan, Morrill
of Maine, Nye, Pool. Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Spragne, Stewart, Tipton, Viekers, Whyte, Willey,
and Williams—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott,Bayard, Chandler, Cra-
gin, Drake, Ferry, Frelinghuyscn, Grimes, Howard,
McDonald, Norton, Van Winkle, and Welch—13.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the resolution.
Mr. THAYER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 19 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Cattell,
Chandler, Cole, Conkting, Conness, Corbett, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fowler. Grimes, Harris,
Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, Kellogg. McCreery,
McDonald, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Osborn,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Pool, Ramsey, Robert-
son, Saulsbury. Sawyer, Sprague, Stewart, Victors,
Whyte, and Willey—39.
NAY S—M essrs. Cameron, Fessenden, Harlan, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Morton, Patterson of Tennessee,
I'omei'oy. Rico, Sherman, Spencer, Sumner, Thayer,
Tif)t.on, Trumbull, Wade, Warner, Williams, Wilson,
and Yates—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Cragin, Drake,
Ferry, Frelintrhuysen, Howard, Norton, Ross, Van
Winkle, and Weleh-U.
So the resolution was concurred in.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 14, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of States and
Territories, commencing with the State of
Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions, for reference to their appropriate
committees, not to be brought back by motions
to reconsider. During this call resolutions of
State or territorial Legislatures may be pre-
sented.
defense of northeastern frontier.
Mr. PETERS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1498) to provide for the defense of the north-
eastern frontier; which was read a first and
second time. .
Mr. PETERS. I move the reference of this
bill to a select committee of seven members.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is
the necessity of multiplying committees? Why
should not this bill go the appropriate standing
committee?
Mr. PETERS. The standing^ committees
are very full of business ; and if this be referred
to a standing committee there may not be an
opportunity to report it during this session.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The appro-
priate committee is the Committee on Military
Affairs, and that committee is certainly not
very full of business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to refer the bill
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer to a
standing committee takes precedence of the
motion to refer to a select committee.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Sciienck, there were—ayes 53, noes 42 ;
no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rules, ordered
tellers ; and appointed Messrs. Sciienck and
Peters.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 65, noes 48.
So the motion of Mr. Sciienck was agreed
to ; and the bill was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. PETERS. I hope that, by unanimous
consent,the reference of this bill will be changed
so as to refer it to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. The Committee on Military Affairs
will probably be unable to report again during
this session.
Mr. GARFIELD. I cannot consent to that.
The Committee on Foreign Affairs has nothing
to do with this subject. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was referred, and
also move that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The SPEAKER. References made during
the morning hour of Monday cannot be recon-
sidered.
pay, bounty, etc., of non-residents.
Mr. BLA introduced abill(H. R. No. 1499)
relating to pay, bounty, and pensions of non-
residents ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid ,
Pensions.
military establishment.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1500) to repeal a part of section eight of an
act passed August 3, 1861; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
payment for horses.
Mr. SMITH introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1501) providing for payment for horses lost by
certain officers in the service of the United
States; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
freedmen's hospitals.
Mr. ELIOT introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1502) relating to freedmen's hospitals; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Freedmen's Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
pensions.
Mr. BANKS introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 377) instructing the Committee on
Appropriations to consider the expediency of
making an appropriation to carry into effect a
certain provision of an act relating to pen-
sions ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
contested elections.
Mr. CHURCHILL introduced a joint reso-
lution (II. R. No. 378) designating officers
authorized to take evidence in cases of con-
tested elections, and for other purposes ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Elections.
