1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL CtLOBE.
1021
Twcnty-sceond amendment:
Insert the following:
For the restoration of the Protestant American
cemetery at AcapuLco, in Mexico, $1,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-third amendment:
Insert the following:
Provided, That the salaries of the judges and other
officers shall be paid to them only upon the condition
that they resid e at the pi aces wh ere th e courts are to
be held, as provided by law, and only for so much of
the time as they reside at such places: And provided
further. That the President be, and he is hereby, re-
quested to apply to the Government of GreatBritain
to put an end to that part of the treaty of April 7,
1862, which requires of each Government to keep up
mixed courts, and upon the consent of the Govern-
ment of Great Britain being obtained, thenthesala-
ries ol all the officers of the United States connected
with said courts shall ceasc.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth amendments:
Strike out *' actually" and insert "usually," and
strike out "transmitting mail matter to and from
their respective posts to Washington" and insert
44 going to and from the United States in case of the
return, on leave, of such diplomatic or consular offi-
cer to the United States;" so that the section will
then read as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That no diplo-
matic or consular officer shall receive salary for the
time during which he may he absent fiom his post,
by leave or otherwise, beyond the term of sixty
days in any one year: Provided, That the time equal
to that usually occupied in going to and from the
United Statfes in case ofthereturn, on leave, of such
diplomatic or consular officer to the United States
may be allowed in addition to said sixty days; and
section three of act of March 30,1868, is hereby re-
pealed.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendments were severally concurred in.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
Insert in reference to consuls, &c.,in the Dominion
of Canada, as follows:
And that in the collection of official fee they shall
receive foreign moneys at the rate given in the
Treasury schedule of the value of foreign coins.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
Add the following proviso:
Provided That so much of the provision of the
third section of chapter two hundred and thirty*
three of thepublicacts of the Thirty-Ninth Congress,
approved July 25,1866, as required that where the
fees collected by any consul or commercial agent
amount to more than $2,500 in any year, over and
above certain expenses, to be paid to the Secretary
of the Treasury, shall be held to take effect on the
1st of January, 1867.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
Strike out the following:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury shall be authorized, in his discretion,
to cause examinations to be made into the accounts
of the consular officers of the United States, and into
all matters connected with the business of their said
offices, and to that end he may appoint such agent
or agents as may be necessary for that purpose; and
any agent, when so appointed under the seal of the
Treasury Department, shall, for the purpose of mak-
ing said examinations, have authority to administer
oaths and take testimony, and shall have access to
all the books and papers of all consular officers.. And
any agent appointed in this behalf shall be paid for
his services a just and reasonable compensation, not
exceeding five dollars per day for the time necessa-
rily employed, in addition to his actual necessary
expenses, the same to be paid out of the .sum appro-
priated for expenses of collecting the revenue; but
no greater sum th an £5,000 shall be expended as com-
pensation of such agent or agents in any one year.
And the Secretary of the Treasury shall communi-
cate to Congress, at the commencement of every De-
cembersession, the names of the agents so appointed,
and the amount paid to each, together with the
reports of such agents.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-ninth amendment:
Insert " willfully" before tho word 41 neglect" in
the fifth section.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred m.
Thirtieth amendment;
Insert tho words "when requested by the Comp-
troller of the Treasuryso that the section will then
read as follows:
Sec. 5. Andbe it further enacted, That any consular
officer of the United States who shall willfully negleot
to render true and just quarterly accounts and re-
turns of the business of his office, and of moneys re-
ceived by him for the use of theUnited States, orwho
shall neglect to pay over any balance of such moneys
which may bo due to the United States, when re-
quested by the Comptroller of the Treasury, at tho
expiration of any quarter, before the expiration of
tho next succeeding quarter, shall bo deemed guilty
of embezzlementof the public moneys, and shall, on
conviction, thereof before any court of the United
States having: jurisdiction of like offenses, bo pun-
ished by imprisonment not exoeedingone year and by
a fine not exceeding $2,000, and shall be forever dis-
qualified from holding any office of trust or profit in
trie United States.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-first amendment:
Strikeout the words "vice consulate or;" so the
section will then read as follows:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That no consul
general or consul now holding or who shall heroaftor
hold either of said offices shall be permitted to hold
the office of consu^ general or consul at any other
consulate, or exercise the duties thereof; and here-
after there shall only be allowed to any consular
agency for expenses thereof an amount sufficient to
pay for stationery and postage on official letters.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-second amendment:
Strike out the word " hereafter," andin lieu thereof
insert " to commence July 31,1868;" so that the sec-
tion will then read as follows:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the entire
expense of prison and prison-keepers at the consu-
late of Bankok, in Siam, shall hereafter not exceed
tho sura of S1.U00 annually, and tho salary of the in-
terpreter shall not exceed the sum of $500 annually;
and no salary shall hereafter be allowed the marshal
at that consulate; and the annual salary of the con-
sul at Bankok, to commence July 1,1868, shall be
$3,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the
several votes just taken; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BANKING AND CURRENCY.
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to make a state-
ment of the condition of the business of the
Committee on Banking and Currency.
The SPEAKER. How much time does the
gentleman wish?
Mr. JUDD. Five minutes.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Speaker, the Committee
on Banking and Currency was called for reports
the last time on the 7th of May, 1868. It has
not been called at this session, and in the pres-
ent condition of the public business it is appar-
ent that it will not be called during the present
session. I am directed by the committee to
state to the House the subject-matters on which
the committee are now ready to report, and to
ask the House to fix some time consistent with
their views of the importance of these matters
and the condition of the business of the House
at which the committee could occupy the floor
for the purpose of making those reports.
The committee have had under consideration
propositions, very many of which' have been
recommended for legislative action by the
Comptroller of the Currency, and which he
thinks are necessary in the administration of
the laws in relation to the national banks.
The committee is prepared to report cm the
following: a bill in reference to the certification
of checks by the banks without having the
funds which said checks represent; also on the
question of banks paying interest on deposits.
We are likewise prepared to report on the ques-
tion of the national banks loaning money on
United States and national bank notes and
collateral securities; also on the bill for the
conversion of gold into currency, and ror other
purposes. We are prepared to report oa the
proposition to regulate' the time and manner
of compelling national banks to make their
reports.
I will say to the House that we have consid-
ered and are prepared to report on the question
of the equalization and redistribution of the
national bank currency to the different parts
of the country. We are also prepared to re-
port upon the Senate bill which regulates the
duties of receivers and the mode of closing up
the business of banks which have suspended.
Mr. Speake'r, in view of these important
public questions, upon which the committee
have acted and are ready to present bills for
the action of the House, they have instructed
me to move that the morning hour of Satur-
day next shall be sot apart for the purpose of
receiving those reports and acting upon the
same.
There was no objection 5 and it was ordered
accordingly,
NEW MEXICO CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. PETTIS, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, submitted a report on the New Mexico
contested-election case, accompanied by the
following resolutions:
Resolved, That lion. Charles P. Clever is not enti-
tled to a seat in the Kortioth Congress as a Delegate
from the Territory of New Mexico.
Itesolvcd, That Hon. J. Francisco Chaves is enti-
tled to a seat in the Fortieth Congress as a Delegate
fioin the Territory of New Mexico.
The report was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
STEAMER KEARSARGE.
Mr. PIKE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced abill (H. K. No. 1908) to compensate the
officers and crew of the United States steamer
Kearsarge for the destruction of the rebel pirat-
ical vessel Alabama; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KUKLUX-KLANS.
Mr. ROOTS. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution :
Whereas it has been currently reported, with no
authentic refutation, that during the political can-
vass preceding the presidential election hundredsof
persons were abused, maltreated, and murdered by
murderers known as Kuklux-Klans and their polit-
ical allies; torturing, assassinating, and murdering
persons merely on account of their political senti-
ments; and it having also been reported that the
Arkansas militia, while engaged in bringing these
murderers to justice and arresting lawlessness, have
been guilty of tyranny, oppression, and outrage :
Be it resolved. That a committee of three be ap-
pointed by the Speaker to procccd at once to investi-
gate the facts concerning all of said reported murders
and outrages, and report thesametothisHouse; and
that said committee beauthorized to send for persons
and papers.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
ILLEGAL TAX OS PASSENGERS.
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, in-
traduced abill (H. R. No. 1908) to preventthe
collection of illegal tax on passengers under
color of State authority; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce. .
DISTILLED SPIRITS, ETC.
Mr. BECK,byunanimousconsent, submitted
the following preamble and resolution ; which
were read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas this House is about to proceed to the con-
sideration of that portion of the internal revenue
bill relating to distilled spirits and tobacco which
beoame law on the 20th of July, 1868, in which cer-
tain powers were conferred and certain duties im-
posed upon tho Commissioner of Internal Revenue
relative to the proper management and conduct of
distillers and others under it: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to furnish this IXouse with all regulations,
orders, decisions, and ruling* relative to the execu-
tion of said law that ha\ o been made by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue or any other officer
uf the Treasury Dcpaitmcnt as soon as practicable,
in order to enable this House to determine what
changes, if any, it is proper to make in the existing
law.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
votes not heretofore reconsidered; and also
