1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1775
strike it out? Why, he says, you can get
females to work for less. Is that the principle
upon which payment is to be made for services
rendered to the Government? Doubtless you
could find persons who would agree to occupy
the seats upon the bench of the Supreme Court
of the United States for salaries less than are
paid to the gentlemen who sit there. The Sen-
ator from Missouri reminds me that we could
find plenty of persons willing to occupy these
seats for less than $5,000 a year. That is no
criterion by which to test the amount of salary
that should be paid to an individual. It should
be a reasonable compensation.
But the question here is not as to what the
compensation should be, but if you pay a male
clerk SI,200 to copy records, ana they are
furnished to you just as well by a female clerk,
is she to have but $900 and the man $1,200?
There is no principle in such a discrimination,
and I hope this amendment will not prevail.
I am sorry that the chairman of the committee
has struck out several words in the section as
it passed, and I shall move to reconsider the
vote by which they were stricken out in case
this motion fails.
Mr. POMEROY. I was going to move
that. I am glad the Senator proposes it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That cannot be
done until we get into the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not aware that
these words were stricken out.
Mr. GRIMES. What words are they ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Prom line four hundred
and fifty-seven to line four hundred and fifty-
nine these words have been striken out:
And where employed on work performed by the
clerks of the higher classes they shall receive like
compensation with the other clerks of such classes.
That clause has been stricken out on the
motion of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. GRIMES. When?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Here, as I understood,
a few minutes ago.
Mr. MORR[LL. of Maine. That was agreed
to by the committee, as I stated, and was
omitted by a clerical mistake in the printing
Qf the amended bill.
Mr. TRLTMBULL. I am very sorry it has
been stricken out. It ought not to have been
stricken out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
can move it again in the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator from Con-
necticut [Mr. Ferry] is preparing an amend-
ment, which will be ready in a moment, that
meets the views of the Senator from Illinois,
and I want him to hear it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will give way.
Mr. FERRY. The amendment which I pro-
pose is to insert in line four hundred and fifty-
six, after the word "as" the word "male;"
and in line four hundred and fifty-seven to
strike out the words "first class" and insert
"same grade;" in lines fourhundred and fifty-
seven, four hundred and fifty-eight, and four
hundred and fifty-nine to strike out from the
word "and" to the word "classes;" so that
the clause will read, if thus amended,
^ The compensation of the female clerks employed
in the several Departments of the Government shall
be the same as male clerks of the same grade.
_Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me suggest to my
friend that that will make it very uncertain.
The grades are established by law. You will
find on looking at the statutes that there are
so many clerks of the first class, so many of
the second, so many of the third, and so many
of the fourth. Now, if you put in the words
"same grade" you cannot tell where they
belong, unless you say that there shall be so
many female clerks of the first class, so many
of the second, so many of the third, and so
many of the fourth. The grades depend upon
the numbers as established by law. They are
not graded by the kind of labor they perform.
Mr. FERRY. Bat my object is to let the
head of the Department or the bureau employ
their male or female clerks according to the
exigencies of his Department, in any grade or
class, and pay to either, irrespective of sex,
the sum which the law appropriates for the
payment of services thus rendered. If the
word "grade" is the wrong one I am willing
to insert "class." I made inquiry of a Sena-
tor who was formerly at the head of a Depart-
ment, and he thought "grade" was ihe proper
word to employ.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a proper word
to employ, but Senators will observe that the
law says how many clerks there shall be of
each grade in a Department. It says there
shall be so many clerks of the first class, so
many of the second class, so many of the third
class, and so many of the fourth class. Now,
if you say that female clerks may be employed
instead of male clerks among that number, in
that specific number thus fixed, you can do
it; but you must alter the whole frame of your
bill throughout, because the bill says "so
many clerks of the first class, so many of the
second class, so many of the third class, so
many of the fourth class, and in addition
thereto so many female clerks." They are
"in addition thereto. " That would notbe con-
sistent with the proposition the Senator makes,
because if you take a portion of these and put
them in the place of male clerks in these sev-
eral grades you do not at the same time fur-
nish the number requisite in addition to those
provided for by the statute.
Mr. CONNESS. I understand that in the
matter of appointment that point is entirely
taken care of and fixed. When a clerk shall
be appointed of either sex under this provision
be or she will be appointed a first, second, third,
or fourth class clerk. The law provides how
many first class, how many second, how many
third, how many fourth class clerks there shall
be. The female, if appointed in either of those
classes, makes up one of that number. The
class can ouly have so many ; it may be com-
posed of one sex or of the other exclusively,
or of both.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not believe this bill can
be improved much as it is printed.
Mr. POMEROY. It is precisely right as
printed.
Mr. GRIMES. It is right with the excep-
tion of inserting after the word "oil," in the
four hundred and fifty-seventh line, the words
'' the same;" and then after the word '' work''
inserting "and," and inserting "performing
the same duty as ;" so as to read :
The compensation of the female clerks employed
in the several Depaitmeuts of the Government shall
be the same as clerks of the first class, and where
employed on the same work and performing the same
duty as clerksof the higher liaise* they shall receive
like compensation with other clerks of such classes.
Mr. CONNESS. They are both alike in
their effect.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to reconsider the
vote by which those words from line four hun-
dred and fifty-seven to line four hundred and
fifty-nine were stricken out of the bill.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator from
Iowa allow me to suggest to him an amend-
ment in his phraseology, and that is, " on the
same or similar work." It cannot be the same
work.
Mr. FERRY. I offer my amendment to
perfect the clause which was proposed to be
stricken out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is in
order.
Mr. FERRY. And I should like to vote on
that amendment before any other amendment
is proposed.
Mr. GRIMES. The words have been stricken
out; we must reconsider that vote.
Mr. WELCH. Mr. President, I wish to
enter my protest against a distinction being
made between male and female clerks as to the
value of labor. I have this morning returned
from a visit to the Treasury office, and I have
been informed there by those who have charge
of the various departments that the female
clerks are fully equal in the value of their labor
to the male clerks, that they have all the accu-
racy and assiduity in labor that is necessary to
success in their departments.
Now, sir, I believe in the payment of labor
by male or female up to its full value, and I
think the making of any distinction of sex in
the payment of labor is the sheerest prejudice,
unfounded in any genuine philosophy. I be-
lieve the time is coming, fast coming, when all
the avenues of honorable distinction will be
open to capacity without distinction of sex or
color. I believe the time is coming when all
men and all women will have free access to the
higher walks of learning and literature and art
and the higher professions, and it is an igno-
| ble prejudice for men of the high standing that
Senators have attained to here to make any dis-
tinction in the payment of labor simply because
the laborer is a female. I would have all treated
alike, and I am sorry that the word " male "
or "female" has to be introduced into any bill
whatever. I hope that the amendment of the
Senator from Connecticut will prevail.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will be seen, I think,
when the organization of the Departments is
understood, that this amendment would be out
of place. If you look at this section you will
see that it authorizes so many clerks of the
several classes, and in addition sixty female
clerks. Now, if you take a female for one of
the clerkships mentioned above you must take
that from the number of sixty female clerks,
and therefore you must make a provision in
order to meet that contingency, because there
' can be only sixty female clerks in the office of
the Treasurer according to this bill. If, there-
fore, you will fill up the upper grades you
diminish the force of the Department just so
much, because you cannot increase that num-
ber. The framework of the section is that
there shall be so many male clerks of the sev-
eral classes and so many female clerks.
Again, let me repeat to the Senate that
nothing is arrived at by saying they shall re-
ceive the compensation of clerks who perform
the same service or similar service. In the
Departments similar service is performed by
clerks of all the grades, first, second, third, aud
fourth class clerks. There are clerks of the
first and second classes who perform similar
service to clerks of the fourth class. How is
the Secretary to grade them? He cannot tell
anything about it. The classes of clerkships
are formed by promotion. Men who have been
there a certain time go up when a vacancy
exists. They fill these places necessarily in
that way according to the rules of the Depart-
ment as a general thing. I suppose there are
exceptions to it; and the work they do aud the
kind of labor they perform is such as is called
for by the occasion. There is no specific labor
for clerks of the first class, second class, third
class, and fourth class. If therefore you make
the amendment which is proposed in relation
to that matter the Secretary has no rule to go
by whatever. He might put them in any class
he pleased. The service designates nothing.
Therefore, as I said before, if you want to ac-
complish that purpose you must provide in the
bill that there may be so many female clerks
of the several classes, first, second, third, and
fourth. That is the only way you can arrive
at it.
Mr. HARLAN. I agree in part with what
has been said by the honorable Senator from
Maine, but I think he errs in overlooking this
fact: while the bill does provide, for example,
for fifteen clerks of class four, I know of no
law compelling the head of the Department to
appoint males to that class. He may appoint
females to class four if he sees proper, the
compensation of which is fixed by law, provided
the head of the Department chooses to appoint
a female clerk of that grade. But the Sena-
tor will remember that the accounting officers
of the Treasury authorized the head of a De-
partment to employ clerks of a less grade to
fill out the number of those indicated of the
higher grades. For example, every one of
those fifteen may be filled with clerks of the
first class, or of the third class, or of the second
