"1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-71
Mr. WARD. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. • If the previous question
be seconded can we then have a vote upon
the motion of the gentleman from Illinois. [Mr.
-Washburne,] to refer the joint resolution?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
be seconded the motion to refer will not then
be in order.
Mr. MILLER. I ask that the resolution be
. again read.
The Clerk again read the joint resolution.
Mr, WILSON, of Iowa. 1 rise to a question
of order. I submit that, notwithstanding the
decision'of the Chair, this resolution does con-
tain an appropriation, because it directs money
to be paid out of the patent fund, and there-
fore it cannot be considered at this time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. To bring a bill or joint reso-
lution within the rule it must make an appro-
priation out of the Treasury.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Tn answer to that,
T would suggest t,o the Speaker that Congress
at its last session directed the patent fund to
be paid into the Treasury ; hence the money
which this resolution proposes to appropriate
is now in the Treasury.
, The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Iowa that the Digest pro
hibits the renewal of a point of order after it
has been overruled, even though it be presented
with additional reasons. Tliegentlemaii ought
to h&ve presented his reasons when the point
was first raised.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would suggest to
the Chair that 1 did not make the point of
order in the first instance; and, more than
that, there was so much confusion in the Hall
that my attention was not called to this feature
of the resolution until its second reading.
The SPEAKER. By the staterneut of the
gentleman from Iowa it is obviouslj too late
fur him to raise the point, even if it were a
good one ; for it did not occur to him until
the resolution had been read a second time,
and mean while the previous question had been
called, a motion made to lay the joint resolu-
tion on the table, aud the yeas and nays called
and ordered upon it.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
the joint resolution on the table; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 01, nays 73,
not voting 57 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allison. Ames, Bailey, Baker,
Baldwin, Ceaman.Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bing-
ham, lilair, Boutwell, Boyden, Broomall, Bucklcy,
Cliuichill. Read'-r W. Clarke. Cobb, Coburn, Cook,
Covode, (Jullom. Dewcese, Dockery. Donnelly, Eggle-
ston, 61a. Faniaiwrth, fields. Hawkins. Uigby, Itol-
man, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard,_llulbuid, Hum-
phrey, Hunter, [ngur-soll, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kel-
sey. lv etcham, Koontz, Lash, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence. Loan. Loughridge.fllarvm, Mayuard,
McCarthy, McKee.Mercur. Moore, Morrell, Morris-
sev. JIullius, Newcomb, Newsham, Niblack, Orth,
Pike. Plants, Polsley, Price, Raum, Ross, Seofield,
Shanks, Starkweather. .Stevens, Stewart., Stover,
Sypher, Taylor, Tift, Lawrence S. Trimble. Upson,
Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van Wytik, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn,Elihu B. Washburne. Wil-
liam B. Washburn.WVlker, William Williams, James
1'. Wil-on, John T. Wilson, and Windom-91.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, James 31. Ashley, Axtell,
Banks, Beck, Bowen, Boyer, Bromwell,Brooks. Burr,
Roderick R. Butler. Callis, Gary, Chanler, Sidney
Clarke. Corley. Dickey, Driggs, Eekley. Edwards,
Eliot, Ferries, Frenoli, Garfield, G-etz, Giossbi enner,
Golladay, Cross. Gove. Gravely, Grover, Haughey,
Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L.Jones, Kel-
logg, Kerr, Kitchen, Ivnott, Lincoln. Marshall. Mil-
ler. Jloorhead, Mungon, Mvers, Morris, O'Neill,
Paine, Perham, P-ttis, Poland. Piince, Pruyn, Rob-
ertson, ltobinson. Schenck, Sitgreaves. Spalding.
Stokes, Stone, Tuber, Taffe, Thomas, Trowbridge,
Twichell, Van Trump, Henry ]). Washburn, Whit-
tcm-u-e, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, Woodbridge,
Woo ivvard. and Young—73.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Anderson, Arnell,
Deiob R.Ashley, Oarnes. Barnaul. Blackburn, Blaine,
Boles, Buckland, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Clift.
Cornell, Dawes. Delano. Dixon. Dodge, Eldridge,
Fcirv, Fox, Griswo'd, Ilaight, Halsey. Hamilton,
Harding, Heaton. Hill, Hooper, llotehkiss, Asahel
W. Hubbard. Richard D. llnbbard. Johnson. Laflm,
Logan, Lynch, Mallory, McCormiek, McOullough,
Nicholson,Nunn, Peters, Phelps. Pierce. Pile, Pome-
roy. Randall, Roots, Sawyer. Selye.. Shellabarger,
-Smith, John Trimble, Van Aukon, Robert T. Van
Horn, Vidal, and Thomas Williams—5(.
So the joint resolution was laid oti the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was laid on the table ; and also moved
•that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found-truly enrolled a
bill (S. No. 186) providing for the sale of the
lands, tenements, and water privileges belong-
ing to the United States at and near Harper's
Ferry, in the county of Jefferson, West Vir-
ginia; when the Speaker signed the same.
POST OFFICE SERVICE.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Postmaster General, transmitting estimates
of the sums required for the service of that
Department for the fiscal year ending the oOth
of June, 1870; which was leferred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
CIIAELES ll'CAltTY.
The SPEAKER abo laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting papers requesting a pension be
granted to Charles MeCarty, formerly an en-
gineer on the United States military railroad in
Tennessee, with recommendation of the Gen-
eral of the Army, if the facts are found to be
true; which was referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
REGISTERED AMUllICAN SEAMEN.
The SPEAKER, also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of State,
transmitting, in compliance with the act of
March 2, 1799, an abstract of returns made to
that Department by collectors of customs of
American seamen registered in the several
ports of entry of the United States; which
was referred'to the Committee on Commerce.
A It MY EUIIJMNC, NK',V YOUK CITY.
The SPEAKER al.so laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting report of Inspector General IIar-
| die, relative to purchasing t he building known
| as "Army Building," in New York city, now
under lease, for military purposes ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
COLUMBIA HOSPITAL.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting a statement by Surgeon
General Barnes of expenditures made under
his direction of the appropriation by Congress
for the Columbia Hospital for Women and
Lying-in Asylum ; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary ot War,
transmitting petitions for removal of their po-
litical disabilities from Robert Grdhan, J. N.
Ryan, Abram Shepherd, F. F. Ktnbling, and
N. K. Trout, of Virginia, and W. II. Grant,
of Georgia; which was referred to the Com-
mittee oil Reconstruction.
ISDUN WAR EXPENSES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
stating that it is impracticable to state with
sufficient accuracy the amount expended dur-
ing the year ending the 30th June, 1868, on
aceountof the Indian war, and that the amount
expended for river and harbor surveys and im-
provements for the same period was $•■>. 430. -
154 (18; which was laid on the table.
COLLECTORS OP INTERNAL REVENUE, ETC.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting a draft of a bill allow-
ing the Secretary to furnish collectors ot inter-
nal revenue with fire and burglar proof safes ;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
JOSEPH SUGAR.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting the papers and recommending
that permission be granted by law to Joseph
Segar, of Virginia, to erect and keep a hotel
ou the public grounds at Fortress Monroe
under proper restrictions by the Secretary of
War; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
CIIAULTiS MAT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Commissioner of
the General Land OlHce, transmitting, in com-
pliance with House resolution of July 1,
18(>8, reports of the Solicitor of the Treasury
and Commissioner of Indian Affairs, relativo
to the claim of Charles May, to certain lots in
Milwaukee, Wisconsin ; which was referred to
the Committee of Claims.
LAWS Of COLORADO.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the laws of the Territory of Colorado; which
were referred to the Committee on the Terri-
tories.
FOURTEENTH CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the IIouso
a joint resolution of the Legislature of Oregon
rescinding the resolution passed September It),
18G8, relative to amending the Constitution of
the United States, and withdrawing the assent
of the State of Oregon to the proposed four-
teenth constitutional amendment; which was
leferred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reeonsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was referred: aud also moved that ihe
motion to reconsider be laid oil the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KErUDS.VTION OF THE NATIONAL DEBT.
Mr. BROOMALL. I offer the following
preamble aud resolution:
Whereas tho President, of the United States, in
his animal message to the Fortieth Congress at its
third session, says: "it may be a 6umed that the
holders of our scour,ties have already received upon
their bonds a larger amount than their original in-
vestment, un aiuicd by a gold standard. Upon this
statement of tacts it would seem but. just and equi-
table that the six per cent, interest now paid by the
Government should be applied to tho redu tion of
the principal in semi-annual installments, which ill
sixteen years and eight months would iiouidate the
entire national debt. Six per cent, in gold would at
present rates be eijual to nine pel cent in ouhency,
and equivalent to the payment of the debt, one and
a half time in a fraction less than seven'cen years.
This, in connection with all tho other advantages
derived from tlioir investment, would aftord to tho
public creditors a fair and liberal compensation i'ur
the, use of their capital, and with this they should bo
sniffled. Tho lessons of Ihe pa.-t admonish tho
lender t bat it is not well to be over anxious in exac'ing
from tlio borrower rigid compliance with the le!ter
of the bond;" and whereas such sentiments, if per-
mitted to go to the world without immediate protest,
may be undcr-tood to be the sentiments of the people
oft lie United States and their Representatives in Con-
gress: Therefore,
Jieanloed, That all forms anddegreesof repudiation
of national indebtedness are odious to the American
people. And that under no circumstances will their
Rep'-r.sentati v'es consent to ofter the public creditor,
as full compensation, a less amount ot money than
that which the Government contracted to pay him.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask tbegentleman to
let the resolution bo printed. It, is^ too much
to ask us to pass upon a resolution of this char-
acter and length without having it before u.-,.
Mr. BROOMALL. It has been printed in
the public papers some days.
Mr. INGERSOLL. i mean on our files. I
do not care to look at the public papers so far
as concerns bills and resolutions that we are
to act upon here.
Mr. BROOMALL. It is very short and
simple.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania move to suspend the rules for
the purpose of adopting the resolution?
