1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1023
Mr. HAWKINS. The distillers of fruit in
my section of the country had obtained their
licenses and made their arrangements to distill
under the old law, and after they had gathered
their fruit for the purpose of distilling they
were notified by the assessor that they could
not proceed under that law. The requisitions
made upon these distillers under the law of
1868 have been so heavy that I have been in-
duced to prepare an amendment which will
take from the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue this discretionary power, and what I pro-
pose to do is to fix by law certainly what they
may depend upon, so that each one of these
distillers may understand precisely what he has
a right to do. If it is in order, I desire to offer
the amendment which I send up with a view
of accomplishing that purpose. This is a very
small interest, and it needs some care to pro-
tect it.
The Clerk read as follows :
Amend second section of act of July 20, 1868, by
sinking out all after the words "United States," in
the lMteenth hue, and insert.:
The tax on brandies made exclusively from grapes,
apples, peaches, or other fruit grown in the United
States shall be fifty cents per gallon, and the distillers
of brandies from fruit alone shall bo exempt from
the use of meters, meter safes, and from all the re-
quirements of said aet having reference to the mode
of manufacturing, storing, and securing th e brandies
so distilled, and at the end of each month each dis-
tiller of brandy from fruit alone shall make and file
with the revenue assessor for the district in which
the distillery is located a sworn statement of the
amount of brandy distilled at his distillery and the
kind of fruit.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, being
an amendment in the third degree, is not in
order. I will withdraw my amendment for
the present and modify it so as to enable me
to explain this matter somewhat further. The
general policy, it seems to me, ought to be not
to build up all these little distilleries through-
out the country. It is a curse to any country.
When I was a boy there* was a log distillery in
every hollow, upon almost every little farm in
the country. A few barrels were made by
almost every farmer in the distillery thus at-
tached to the farm. They were little nests of
sin, each one of them the nucleus of bad
influence upon the neighborhood. Still we
cannot, perhaps, drive out all these little dis-
tilleries ; and there is yet a condition of things
in the southwest and in the South very much
like that which prevailed in Ohio when I was
a lad. We have endeavored to provide for that
condition of things by letting down the law to
meet it. I am unwilling, however, for one,
that the law should be let down any more than
it is already or than it is proposed to be done
now by the committee in meeting the difficulty.
The amendment of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee is substantially, with a little more detail,
an amendment offered by the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Boydex.] We had that
and a great many other provisions of this kind
before the committee, and considered them ail
carefully and candidly and with a view to reach-
ing the peculiar condition of things in the
South as far as possible, and we came to the
conclusion which I have already in part ex-
plained.
Mr. HAWKINS. The difference between
my amendment and that of the gentleman from
North Carolina is that mine avoids the discre-
tisnary power given to the Commissioner.
Mr. SCHENCK. The putting of these dis-
tilleries under a different law, as it were, from
other distilleries is, we think, running into
another extreme of difficulty greater than the
first.
Now, what we have done is this: not to
crush out these small distilleries, and particu-
larly those distilleries that produce nothing
but brandies made from fruit of differeutkinds.
peaches, apples, grapes, &c.; we have provided
that they shall be relieved, at the discretion of
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, from
the onerous requirements of having a meter,
and various things connected with the survey,
the plat of the distillery, painting the pipes
and different portions of the distillery, and
whatever else is difficult and expensive to be
complied with. So far we have given that class
of distillers relief. Then in another part of
the bill, when we come to the special tax upon
distilleries, we provide that instead of putting
a tax of $400 as a substitute for the four dollars
a barrel upon every distillery that distills one
hundred barrels or less in the course of a year,
the standard shall be put down to fifty barrels
a j;ear or less, and provide that every one shall
pay a tax of four dollars per barrel on fifty bar-
rels. If it puts them upon an unfavorable foot-
ing because they make less than fifty barrels a
year, that is not to be regretted, because it is
better not to have too great a number of these
small distilleries. We have concluded to rec-
ommend to the House, and that will be one of
our amendments, to put down the standard to
fifty instead of one hundred barrels, so that
ยง200 instead of ยง400 will be the minimum
charge for the special tax. In this way we have
endeavored to compromise tie matter between
the large and the small distilleries.
We have endeavored at the same time to
protect the public interest and yet not to be
too hard upon the small class of capitalists, or
of distillers who are not capitalists, who are
engaged in producing this peculiar kind of
liquors in a certain section of the country, and
I hope the Committee of the Whole will not
go further than the Committee of Ways and
Means have gone in this matter.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOYDEN. Mr. Chairman, I consider
this matter one of very great importance to my
section of the country. The chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Schexcic]
says it is not desirable to have these small
distilleries, conveying the idea that this is a
police measure, intended to provide that there
shall not be too much whisky or brandy made
or drank. Now, the whole object of the law,
as I understand it, is to get revenue, and
every man ought to have his chance to make
his whisky or his brandy. These small dis-
tilleries in our section of the country are now
entirely precluded from making brandy or
from making whisky. And I entertain no
doubt but what the alteration of the law as
proposed in the bill which I had the honor to
introduce will bring from North Carolina into
the Treasury of the United States at least
$2,000,000 more than under the law as it now
stands. I have a statement from our assessor,
who pays that the district which I represent
will add at least $300,000 to the revenue if my
bill should become a law.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Allow
me to ask the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Boydex] what quantity these distilleries
can produce in a year ; what is their capacity ?
Mr. BOYDEN. Let me state to the geutle-
tnan that there is a total misconception in the
country as to the number of distilleries of that
description in our section of that State. I ven-
ture to say that there are not less than one
thousand of these little distilleries in my dis-
trict. They are at a distance from the railroad.
Mr. ALLISON. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. BOYDEN. I have no objection.
Mr. ALLISON. I would like to ask my
friend what objection he has to the amendment
proposed by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, [Mr. Schenck?] It accom-
plishes what he desires.
Mr. BOYDEN. I do not so understand it.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I wish
the gentleman would answer my question as to
what quantity the distilleries he refers to pro-
duce in a year.
Mr. BOYDEN. I was about to proceed to
that. Many of them may produce from ten
to twenty, thirty, forty, or a hundred barrels
a year. We live in a country where we can-
not haul from one distillery to another on ac-
count of the broken naftire of the country ;
and this matter of distilling whisky is quite as
important as distilling brandy. When 1 left
for Washington, corn was selling m my neigh-
borhood for fifty cents per bushel, and we have
no other means of making money in that sec-
tion of the country, where we make no cotton,
except by making our corn into whisky. When
the war closed we had no currency; we had no
banks that could furnish us with any. Nobody
had any money, and we had no means of rais-
ing money except by converting" into whisky
our corn, which in our section of the country
cannot be sent away to be sold. It has been
the habit for generations in our locality to
make money by converting our corn into
whisky, and it is utterly unfair that we should
be deprived of that privilege. Ourpeople can-
not understand the reason for it. They were
assured last summer that this severe tax upon
distillers had been imposed because those im-
posing it did not understand the condition of
our country. The Democratic party in our sec-
tion represented that this legislation was in-
tended to oppress the South; that it was
designed as a punishment for participation in
rebellion. I insisted that such was not the
object; that the ruling party in Congress enter-
tained no unkind feeling toward the people of
the South; that they were not properly in-
formed as to our condition, and that when
they had been made aware of it they would
endeavor to remedy the evil.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment of Mr. Sciiexck was then
agreed to.
Mr.MAYNARD. I desire to move a further
amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. Had not the gentleman
better withhold his amendment till the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means get through with
their amendments ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will inform
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard]
that after the amendments of the Committee
of Ways and Means have been considered the
whole substitute will be open for amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by
adding to the amendment just adopted the
following:
"Which shall in no case be higher in the aggregate
than is charged upon other spirits.
The object of this amendment is that there
shall be no more tax levied upon the distilla-
tion of brandy from fruit thau is levied upon
distillation generally throughout the country.
This distillation from fruit is a distinct busi-
ness from the distillation of whisky from grain,
as much so as any different and independent
branch'of industry. The brandy is made m
the neighborhood of the orchards. It is made
for only a few weeks in the year while the fruit
is ripening. It is usually made in little distil-
leries put up under temporary shelter during
the warm season of the year. This manufac-
ture carried on in this way under these tempo-
rary structures does not in any way assimilate
itself to the distillation of whisky from grain.
Opportunities for evasion of the revenue tax in
his manufacture can searcelybe said to exist.
As the law now stands, or at least as it has
been construed, those engaged in this manu-
facture are required to pay nominally the same
amount as manufacturers of other spirits, but
in reality three, four, or even ten times as
much in proportion to the quantity manufac-
tured; for this small distillation, where the
farmer distills the product of his own orchard,
does not usnally extend "beyond fifty or one
hundred gallons in a season ; and if the person
engaged in this branch of manufacture is re-
quired to pay a special tax of $400, or even
ยง200, and also a per diem tax of at least two
dollars, the aggregate taxation amounts to
more than any profit which the manufacture
can possibly yield; in other words, it is in
effect a prohibition.
Now, I submit that this is not right. Tin-!
branch of industry has for a long time been
pursued in the fruit-growing region of the
country, the large middle belt where fruit
grows to great perfection. It is a legitimate
branch of business, and as the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Boydex] has well said,
it ought not to be destroyed by the imposition
of a tax, as it practically is by the law as it
