74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Marshall, McCormick, Mc-
Gullough. Mungon, Nibl&ck, Phelps,.Truyn, Ran-
dal), Robinj-on, SUgreavcs, Stone, Tuber, 'lift, Law-
rence S.Tiimble, VanTrump, Wood, Woodward, and
Young—3-">. ' , _ . ,
NO'S VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, D.elos. R. Ash-
ley, Barnes. Barnum, Blackburn, Blaine, Boles,
Buckland, Benj.unin F. Butler, Coke, Reader W.
Clarke, Cornell, Cullom, Delano. Dockery, Dodjre,
Farnsworth, Fox, French. Ilaight, B<ilsey, Hamil-
ton, Hardin*, Beaton. Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Riehard B. Hubbard. Hulburd, Ingersoll, Johnson,
Knott, Laflin, Logan, Loughridste, Newcorab, Nich-
olson, Nunn, Pierce, Pomcroy, Roots. Ross. Sawyer,
Sclye, Shrllabnrger, Smith, Sypher, Taffe, John
Trimble, Van Anken, Rohort T. Van Horn, Thomas
Williams, and Windom—52.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from txi10 senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its Secretaries, informed the House that
the Senate had reappointed the joint commit-
tee appointed at the first session of the present
Congress and continued at the last session, to
revise and fix the pay of the officers of the
two Houses, and had ordered that Messrs. Fes-
sendhx, Siirumak, and Buckalew be the com-
mittee on the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate had concurred in the resolution of the
House relating to the adjourmneritof Congress
from the 21st of December to the 5th of Jan-
uary next.
hngmsii schooner sybil.
The SPKAKKI1 laid before the IIou.se the
following inus.vi.ge from (ho President of the
United Slates ; which was refened to the Com-
mittee oa Appropriations, and ordered to be
]n inted:
To the Semite and Home of !le)>roxent>yiioev:
I tnuismit a copy of a note of the 24th of Novem-
ber Hst, addressed to the Secretary of State by the
inini-ter of Great Britain, communicating a decree
ot the district court of the United States lor the
southern district of New York.ordenngthopnymcnt
of certain sums to the defendants in a suit against
the English schooner Sybil, libeled as a prize of
w r. it is requisite for a tullilluiont of the docroo
that an appropriation of tho sums specified therein
should bo mado by ComrrcbS. Tho appropriation is
recommended accordingly.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington*, December S, 1808.
alabama claims.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of
the United States:
To (ke House of Representatives of the United State*:
In answer to the resolution of tho Houso of Rep-
resentatives of tho 7th instant, relating to the corre-
spondence with tho American minister at London
concerning tho so-called Alabama claims I transmit
a report on the subjcct trom tho Secretary of State.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Wasuiw.tox, December 11,1868.
Brpirtmrxt of STATIC.
Washington, december 11,1808.
To the President:
The Secretary of State, to whom was referred tho
resolution of tho Houso of Representatives of De-
cember 7,1868. in tho following words:
"/iesolved, That tho President bo requested to com-
municate to this House, if notincompatible with tho
public interest, copies of the letter of instructions to
the American ministcrat London relating to tho set-
tlement of the so-called Alabama claims and any
subsequent correspondence with him or the British
Government on that subject,"
Has the honor to submit the following report:
in hi&annual message transmitted on the 0th of De-
cember, alter tho resolution referred to was passed,
the President informed Congress that negotiations
upon the subject referred to nr tlw resolution, with
some other international controversies between tho
United States and Great Britain were pending, and
that ho was not with out hope of being able to lay be-
fore tho Senate, for its consideration during the pres-
ent session, protocols calculated to bring those con-
troversies to an end.
The negotiations to which the President thus re-
ferred hare just now been arrested by tho retirement
of her Majesty's late ministers from administratum.
There is reason, however, to believe that the inter-
ruption will bo only a temporary one. Under these
circumstances tho Secretary of State is of opinion
Chafe the publicationof th«"nrrpsr>nTKl#mce called for
at the present moment would be premature and in-
compatible with the public interests.
Respectfully submitted: ^
WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
On motion of Mr. "WOOD, the message and
accompanying paper were referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs arid ordered to
be-p¥inted.
washington and nsw york railroad.
Mr. LYNCH obtained the floor, butyielded to
Mr. COOK, who moved that the bill (H. IS.
No. G21) authorizing the building of a mili-
tary and postal railroad from Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, to the city of New York bo
printed with the amendments, and recommitted
to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
By unanimous consent it was so ordered.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote just
taken 5 and also moved that the motion to
leconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
general joseph j. reynolds.
Mr. ORTH, by unanimous consent., intro-
duced the following joint resolution (H. R. No.
385;) which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs:
Be it resolved by the Senate and IIou*e of Represent-
atives, &c., That tho thanks ot Congress arc hereby
tendered to Brevet Major General Joseph J. Rey-
nolds, for his ability and impartiality in tho discharge
of the delicate and important duty devolved upon
him as commander ofthelifth military district ot the
United States.
reconstruction.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1540) to enforce the laws of the United States
in the State of Georgia ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Reconstruction, and ordered to be printed.
pay officious in the navy.
Mr. LYNCH. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Ferry.]
Mr. FERRY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H it. No. 1547) to establish the
rank of pay officers of the Navy ; which was
read a first aud second time, referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, aud ordered to be
printed.
refunding of taxes.
Mr. LYNCH. J yield to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall.]
Mr, RANDALL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (it. it. No. 1548) to regulate
tho refunding of taxes paid into the Treasury ;
which was read a iirst and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. LYNCH. I yield next to the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Holmax.]
south american squadron.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State, if notincom-
patible with the publicin&orest,communicate to this
House alt the correspondence in his Department
berwocn lion. J. Wat>on Webb, American minister
at Brazil, and Rear Admiral Davis touching tho dis-
position of tho American squadron at Rio Jaueiro
and tho Paraguay diilicuPies.
Mr. BROOKS. I must object to the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Lynch] yielding any
further. Unless I can drive some sort of bar-
gain with gentlemen who want to do business
1 object to everything.
Mr. UPSON. I move to reconsiderthe sev-
eral votes by which bills have been referred,
and to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
Mr. BROOKS. I object. 1 call for a sep-
arate vote.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Oh, let
that go.
Mr. BROOKS. Well, I yield to the father
of the House, and will let it go. [Laughter.]
The motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
Mr. BROOKS. I now call for the regular
order.
resumption of specie payments.
Mr. LYNCH. I should be h&ppy to accom-
modate other gentlemen, but the gentleman
from New York objects. I desire to ask the
unanimous consent of the House to allow the
bill ( II. R. No. 13G4) to provide for the gradual
resumption of specie payments, which was re-
ported by me from the Committee on Banking
and Currency and made the special order for
the second Tuesday in December, to be made
the special order for the first Tuesday in Jan-
uary.
I wish to make this statement: the bill was
made the special order for the second Tuesday
in December, and the second^ Tuesday in De-
cember was the second day ot the session. I
was under a misapprehension, supposing that
it would be the second Tuesday of the session.
I simply want to correct the mistake, and have
that bill, which was by unauiuious consent
made the special order for the second Tuesday
in December, made the special order for the
first Tuesday in January, aud from day to day
until disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read from
the Calendar, so as to show the position of the
bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Mr. Lvnog—Banking and Currency—A bill (II.
R. No. lot54) to provide lor the gradual resumption
of spccie payment. Its further consideration post-
poned until the sceond Tuesday in December next,
alter the morning hour. Made a special order for
that time."
The SPEAKER. The second Tuesday in
December having been the second day of the
session, the gentleman from Maine states that
it was overlooked.
• Mr. LYNCH. I think the Speaker was
laboring under the same mistake as well as
many gentlemen of the House. We supposed
that next Tuesday was the second Tuesday in
December.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Maine?
Jlr. SCHENCK. 1 object.
Mr. LYNCH. I move, then, to suspend the
rules, in order to allow a coirection of the
error into which f fell.
Mr. SCllENCK. I object to making it a
special order i'or so early a day.
Mr. MAYNAltD. I rise to a question of
oi-der. This bill was made the special order for
the second Tuesday in December. I submit, as
a point of order, that that means the second
congressional Tuesday, and not the second
calendar Tuesday. To-morrow will be the
second congressional. Tuesday in the month,
and the bill stands as the special order for
to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. It is contrary to the uniform
usage of the House. Bills are often made the
spend order for the second or third Thursday
in December, for instance. If that does not
mean the second or third Thursday in Decem-
ber, as it will be found in the almanac, Speak-
ers have very generally labored under a mis-
take and have called up bills on the wrong
day.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suggest to the gentle-
man that he mal;e the bill the special order for
the third Tuesday in January.
Mr. LYNCH. I will modify my motion so
as to make it the special order for the first
Wednesday in January.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is no better than the
other. ^ I propose to the gentleman to make it
the third Tuesday, which I will not oppose.
That will allow other reports upon the same
subject to be submitted to the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ihopethe
gentleman will modify his motion so that it
will be made the special order for the day only.
To make it the special order from day to day
may take a week.
Mr. LYNCH. I must insist upon my motion.
The question was then taken upon the mo-
tion of Mr. Ltxoh, as modified ; and upon a
division there were—ayes 98, noes 33.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended ; and the bill (H. It. No.
1864) was made, the special order for the first
Wednesday in January next after the morning
hour, and from day to day until disposed of.
