1028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
officers throughout the country, in the hands of
a subordinate official; for the gentleman will
observe that the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, so faras regards the conduct of this office,
is, where the law does not expressly provide
otherwise, a subordinate of the Secretary-of
the Treasury. I prefer, as I have already re-
marked, that this appointing power should be
distributed, and not, as the geatlemw from
Ohio proposes, accumulated in the hawds of
one man. Hence I oppose the amendment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire, with the per-
mission of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. randall,-] to ask him a question, which
[ hope may somewhat elucidate this subject.
I quite agree with the idea- expressed by the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] that the
responsibility should rest where the power is;
and I was very glad to learn that the gentleman
has reformed his views on that subject. I de-
sire, however, to inquire of my friend from
Pennsylvania whether he does not think the
opinions he expresses are somewhat in conflict
with the early practice of the Government in
regard to this matter?
Mr. RANDALL. To what practice does
the gentleman allude ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will explain in a mo-
ment. Does not the gentleman think it better
that the power to control these appointments
should be lodged in the hands of the President,
he being held responsible for the proper exer-
cise of that power in the same way as the
gentleman from Ohio proposes to throw the
responsibility upon the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue, in whom he would vest the power
of appointment and removal ? Does not the
gentleman think that the later practice of the
Government has tended to diminish the effi-
ciencyof the revenue service and deprived the
Government of income which it would other-
wise have obtained by taking the power from
the President, and yet holding him responsible
for what he cannot control?1 Of course my
friend understands that I am referring to the
tenurc-of-ollice act, which gives the Senate the
control of appointments, though the President
is still held responsible. 1 am glad to hear
the gentleman from Ohio express views which
are more in accord with the earlier practice of
the Government, and, as I think, more states-
manlike than those he has heretofore main-
tained.
Mr. RANDALL. In reply to my friend
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] I will only
say that I am in no wise responsible for the
passage of the tenure-of-office act. I voted
against its passage; and had I been here I
should have voted in favor of its repeal. But
it is manifest from what we know of the report
of the Committee on Retrenchment that the
tenure-of-offiee act will not, as to its essential
features, be repealed. I am, therefore, look-
ing at things as I find them.
Mr. SCHENCK. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] intend to de-
mand a division when this amendment shall be
voted on ?
Mr. RANDALL. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I move that the
committee rise, with a view to an adjournment.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and Mr. Wilson,
of Iowa, having taken the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, Mr. Delano reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had under con-
sideration the bill (H. R. No. 1060) to reduce
into one act and to amend the laws relating to
internal taxes, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. SCHENCK,
(at nine o'clock and fiye minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
oommittees:
.By the SPEAKER: A remonstrance of
Grinnell, Minturn & Co., B. T. Babbitt, C. H.
Marshall & Co., Colgate & Co., James -Pyle,
and many others, against an increase of duties
on English sodas.
Also, the petition of John McCarthen, of
Washington, District of Columbia, upon the
subject of increased compensation to clerks.
By Mr. CLIFT: A memorial of 26 Union
men, members of the Georgia Legislature, de-
claring their belief that the majority of that
body are determined not to comply with the
requirements of the fourteenth amendment.
By' Mr. COVODE; The application o.f
Joseph S. McQuaide, for himself and others, for
the relief of officers that could not be mus-
tered in on account of reduced regiments.
By Mr. DELANO: The petition of James
T. Boyd and 40 others, citizens of Canal and
Lewisville ; and the petition of John B. El-
liott, and 80 others, citizens of Keene and
Coshocton, Coshocton county, in the thirteenth
congressional district of the State of Ohio,
praying an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States acknowledging Almighty
God as the source of all power and authority
in civil government.
By Mr. HOLBROOK: A memorial of the
Legislature of Idaho Territory, asking pay for
the volunteers in the Indian wars in said Terri-
tory duringthe years 1863,1864,1865, and 1860;
also, that the volunteers have extended to
them the benefits of the acts of Congress dated
September, 1850, March, 1855, and May, 1856,
granting military bounty lands.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Idaho
Territory, asking that Government aid be ex-
tended to George Collier Robhins, in tunneling
War Eagle mountain, in Owyhee county, Idaho
Territory.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of William A. Parker, a captain in
the United States Navy, to be restored to the
active list.
By Mr. KOONTZ : The petition of Jacob
Sanders, of Gettysburg, Adams county, Penn-
sylvania, asking for a pension.
By Mr. NICHOLSON: A petition of citi-
zens of Wilmington, Delaware, praying for the
maintenance of protective duties on imports.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of Jacob
Levits, late private in company II, twenty-sixth
Wisconsin infantry, praying the payment of
fifty dollars additional bounty withheld from
him.
By Mr. PHELPS : A memorial of citizens
of Maryland and West Virginia, asking that a
portion of the public domain be appropriated
to the exclusive use of the African race in
America.
By Mr. STOVER : A petition of citizens of
Deepwatcr, Missouri, in favor of an amend-
ment to the preamble to the Constitution of the
(Jnited States to recognize the existence of the
Deity.
By Mr. TAFFE : The petition of Anna Dee,
for a pension.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 9, 1869.
The Secretary began to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the reeling
of the Journal be dispensed with, and that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the con-
stitutional amendment. I believe that was the
understanding.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope not. I hope we shall
have the morning hour for morning business.
Business has been accumulating for several
days, and we ought to dispose of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the J ournal will be dispensed with, unless
objection be made.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no objection to that,
but I object to the motion of the Senator from
Nevada, to proceed at once with the constitu-
tional amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I move to proceed to the
consideration of the constitutional amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply want to intro-
duce a joint resolution, and then I have no
objection to taking it up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive the usual morning business.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented the
petition of Samuel Cleveland, praying to be
allowed a pension ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILLE Y presented the petition of John
F. Smith, praying to be relieved from his polit-
ical disabilities; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COLE presented petitions of the citi-
zens of the States of Kansas, New York, Wis-
consin, Ohio, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Cal-
ifornia, and Minnesota, praying that the right
of suffrage may be granted to women on the
same footing with men ; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of
Mrs. Catherine Bourstrett, of Herkimer county,
New York, praying for the extension of a pat-
ent for a'new and useful improvement in rail-
road car wheels, issued to her husband, Thomas
Bourstrett, deceased ; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents.
Mr. YATES presented the petition of A. C.
Todd and others, citizens of Illinois, praying
for an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States recognizing the obligations of
the Christian religion; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. VAN WINKLE presented the petition
of the trustees of the Baxter Institute, Buck-
hannon, Upshur county, Virginia, praying for
compensation for property used and destroyed
by the United States military forces ; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
reports of committees.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(II. R. No. 424) amendatory of an act entitled
•'An act for the relief of certain drafted men,"
reported it with amendments.
He also,from the same committee, to whom
was referred thejoint resolution (S. R. No. 190)
relating to the the bounties to colored soldiers
who entered the volunteer service as slaves,
reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a letter of the Secretary of War,
transmitting a communipation from the Com-
missioner of the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen,
and Abandoned Lands, requesting an examina-
tion into the affairs of the Freedmen's Bureau,
reported the following resolution :
Resolved, That tho Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into and report upon the
administration of tne affairs of the Kreedraen's Bu-
reau from the 12th day of May, 1865, to the 31st day
of December, 1869.
bills introduced.
Mr. FOWLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 917) to authorize James Gallaher and his
associates to construct and maintain a bridge
across the Mississippi river at the Three Forks
of the same : which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave tointroduee ajoint res-
olution (S. R. No. 219) giving the assent of the
United States to the construction of the New-
port and Cincinnati bridge; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a jojnt
resolution (S. R. No. 220) to prevent the build-
ing of any bridge over the "Ohio river with a
central span of less than four hundred feet;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
list of private claims.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
