1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1781
able Senator from Iliiti-n-i a question: if
there is any office where the pecuniary respon-
sibility is as great at. thai of the Treasurer of
the United States ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I supplethere aremany
where it is quite si* great. I do not ote how his
responsibility is greater than that of many
other officers in the country. It i.- not by any
means true that all the money of the Govern-
ment passes through the Treasury of the United
States. The accounts are returned there.
Mr. NYE. I supposed that was true.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is bv no means true,
let me inform the Senator fiom Nevada. I
can tell him, if he is not already advised of it,
that of the hundreds of millions of dollars col-
lected from customs in the city of New York
never a dollar sees the vault in the Treasury
Department here, though it is all accounted for
here ; and now of the hundreds of millions of
gold lying idle in the Treasury of the United
States—and it has been lying idle there for the
last three or four year?, wrongfully I think—he
will find very little here iti this Treasury build-
ing ; but if the Senator will go to New York,
and go into the sub-Treasury there, he will
find the vaults full of gold: he will find very
little of it here. Aitd the money that is col-
lected from internal revenue which is collected
in Nevada and in Montana, the identical dol-
lars that are collected, are not sent here to the
Treasury of the United States, but are depos-
ited with some sub-Treasurer, either in Chicago
or in Montana, or in some bank authorized
to receive deposits: the account is returned
here and a draft is drawn in favor of some
creditor of the Government. The money never
sees the Treasury of the United States in fact;
it is accounted for there. I suppose that ten
limes as much money passes through the hands
atid is received into the office of the sub-Treas-
urer in New York as is received here during
the same periud of time.
Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator has quite
startled me with bis statement that there is
hardly any responsibility on the Treasurer of
the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not say that.
Mr. NYE. Well, that it was apparently
small: that the responsibility of the sub-Treas-
urer at New York, for instance, is infinitely
greater. I have understood—a person near
me who knows will correct me if that is not
the fact—that a large portion of the money
paid in New York is transferred to the Treasury
of the United States at Washington. Whether
the coin is sent or not I am not able to say,
but the average I believe is about eighty or
one hundred million dollars. Certain it is that
the Treasurer of the United States is respon-
sible for all this immense amount of banking
capital in the Department.
Mr. TRUMBU LL. How is he responsible?
Mr. NTE. lie is held responsible the mo-
m|nt those bonds are deposited in the Depart-
ment, and they have amounted toagreat many
hundreds of millions. I have often wondered
how an}' gentleman in the United States of'suffi-
cient capacity to discharge the duties ot that
office would take it with its countless responsi-
bilities on the salary that the Treasurer re-
ceives. It is, 1 believe, but about two thou-
sand dollars more than some of the chief clerks
or heads of bureaus who have no pecuniary
responsibility at all receive. It is well known
that the present incumbent of the office is a
most excellent officer. My friend says he may
be changed. I hope the Government will never
get a person less qualified for the place. He
regards it as so responsible that he sleeps at
the very door of the Treasury Department, at
the very door of the safe of that Department,
every night in his life. I desire to say, for
one, that I think the Treasury of this nation
will be better managed if we pay a respectable
salary, a salary at least equal to that of the
cashier of 3 bank of many of the cities of this
nation, than it will be to put the salary at that
point that it must of necessity command infe-
rior talent to discharge such responsible duties.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 am entitled to none of the
ciedit. lor courage, winch the Senator from
Maine [Mr. I s^s.skxpexj bestowed upon the
Committee on A ppropriatitnis for reporting this
amendment. I was not aware—it is my own
fault to be sure, because I did not happen to
be present at the committee meeting yesterday
morning—until I r^ad it in the bill that such a
proposition was before the Senate emanating
from that committee. Had I been present at
the meeting of the committee I should have
voted against it, as I shall now do in the Senate.
Mr. President, it is not true in the history of
this country that the salaries of officers have
been graduated according to the pecuniary lia-
bilitiea they might incur, or according to the
amount of the bond they have been required
to give. When I became a member of this
body the Treasurer of the United States re-
ceived $3,000 a year. Then hundreds of mil-
lions passed through his hands and he did not
receive a dollar more than any other bureau
officer of the Government; but upon the pre-
tense—I will not say the pretense ; but upon
the argument—that General Spinner incurred
extraordinary responsibilities because of hi3
bond we have been urged from time to time,
indeed I might say every session, to increase
his salary until at last we have got it up much
larger than that of any other bureau officer of
the Government. It is now, I believe, 80,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Six thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Mr. GRIMES. Six thoa=and five hundred dol-
lars. while the next below him is only So.OOO.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue gets $6,000.
Mr. GRIMES. Now, what does this pecu-
niary responsibility amount to ? General Spin-
ner himself does not receive a dollar of the
public money. All the financial affairs of the
country are carried on through his subordinates
either in the Treasury Department or at the
sub-Treasuries in the United States. If a defal-
cation occurs through the maladministration
or misconduct of any of those subordinates it
is traced to that subordinate: and do we hold
General Spinner responsible ? Not at all. We
never have done so: it never has been attempted
to do anything of the kind. If such a thing
occurred he would come here to Congress and
ptefer a claim to relief, and say, " the Gov-
ernment has been defrauded through some
misconduct of some subordinate officer of the
sub-Treasury at New York,'1 or Philadelphia,
or elsewhere, wherever it may have occurred,
and we would pass a bill relieving him. We
do not, therefore, hold General Spinnerresprm-
sible upon his bond. All thisargument in favor
of increasing his salary because ot the magni-
tude of the security that is required of him is
utterly fallacious.
Now. Mr. President, it costs the sub-Treas-
urer in New York a great deal more than it
costs an officer here to live in this city, and I
undertake to say that more real, actual money
passes through the sub-Treasurer's hands at
New York than there is here at Washington.
Mr. NYE. That is impossible.
Mr. GRIMES. No. it is not impossible.
Money is received at the various places of
deposit and it is credited to the Government,
of the United States. If you call that money
which consists in drawing a draft in favor of
some officeholder or some contractor in Chi-
cago or Detroit or elsewhere, and which is sent
off for a liability of the Government, then it
is true that General Spinner handles more
money than auybody else.
Mr. NYE. Is there not a large banking
department there that he has charge of?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir : he lias nothing to
do with the banking department except a cer-
tain amount of the bonds there.
Mr. NYE. If the honorable Senator will
excuse me, he has nothing to do with the
banking department save to see that it is prop-
erly and carefully managed, and he is held
responsible for his subaltern officers.
Mr. GRIMES. The Comptroller of the
Currency is in no manner responsible to the
Treasurer of the United States. He is not a
subordinate of his. The Treasurer keeps in
his vaults the original bonds that belong to the
banks throughout the ( nifed States. That is
all there is of it, and all the responsibility he
has connected with the banks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Seaator is mis-
taken about that. Every dollar of bank paper
that is issued comes from this office in the first
place and goes through the Treasury Depart-
ment. Every dollar of paper that is issued
by the Government comes from the Treas-
urer's Department, and large sums are con-
tinually being returned there; some because
it is worn and to be destroyed, and some to
be paid oat again, and some to be renewed.
It ail comes back to the Treasury and is in
the hands of the Treasurer, and he is respons-
ible for it while it is in his hands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will ask my
colleague whether it is not true, in addition to
that, that all the revenues of the country are
credited to him?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of course they are
credited to the Treasury of the United States.
Bat then, as the Senator from Iowa says, if
there is a defalcation in any of the banks which
are banks of deposit, out of the city, I do not
suppose the Treasurer would be held respons-
ible for that because he transfers it by drafts.
Mr. GRIMES. Or anywhere else.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He would be here.
He is responsible in this city for every dollar
that is lost or stolen.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Ferry
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays:
and they wer« ordered: and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 1!>. nays 26: as follows:
YEAS — Messr*. Anthony, C:ittell, Cole. Corbett,
Drake, Ferry, Fessenclen, McDonald, Morrill of
Maine, Morton. Norton. Xye, Osborn. Pomeroy, Rice,
Sumner. Van Winkle. Welch, and Wilson—19.
NAYS — Messrs. Abbott, Buekalew, Cameron,
Chandler. Conkiin'-', Cragin, Davis, Dixon, Fowler,
Grimes, llarlan, Harris, Henderson, Howard, 11c-
Creery, Morgan, Pool, Robertson, Boss. Sherman,
Spractue, S'ewurt, Trumbull, Warner, Whyte, and
Wilhimis—_6.
ABSEVI — Messrs. Bayard, Conness. Doolittle,
Edmunds, Freimjhuysen, Hendricks, Howe, Kcl-
logs, Merrill of Vermont, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Patterson of Tennessee, Ramsey. Saulsbury,
Sawyer, Sneneer, Thayer, Tipton, Yiekers, Wade,
Willey, and Yates—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
Senate at half past four o'clock take a recess
until half past seven o'clock this evening.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Say seven o'clock.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is suggested
to take a recess from four and a halt o'clock to
seven o'clock. I modify my motion in that way.
The motion was agreed to.
The Secretarv continued the reading of the
bill.
The next amendment was in line five hundred
and thirteen to strike out *• four'' and insert
•• five,'' so as to make the salary of the Solicitor
in the Internal Revenue Bureau §5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
Senator from Maine. I will offer an amendment,
to add at the end of that line the clause making
appropriations for the Internal Revenue Bu-
reau the following words.
And the Commissioner ot' Internal Kevenue shall
not bo required to give bond. 3
Under the old law'the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue received money, but under the
law as it now stands he receives not one dollar,
and therefore he stands like an}' other mere
executive officer.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line five hundred and
thirty-six to strike out " Sti.000,000" and in-
sert " 38,000,000;" so that the clause will
read:
For salaries and expenses of collectors, assessors,
assistant assessors, revenue agents, inspectors, and
superintendent** ot exports and drawbacks, together
with the expanse of carrying into effect the various
