1869,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1029
resolution; -which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
Senate fifteen hundred additional copies of the al-
phabetical listof private claims prepared in the office
of the Secretary of the Senate, in obedience to a res-
olution of the Senate of March 16,1866.
pacific railroads.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to submit a minority-
report from the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
toad on the bill reported by the committee on
Saturday, entitled '' A bill (8. No. 899) to aid
the Northern Pacific ; the Atlantic and Pacific ;
Southern Pacific of California; the Little Rock,
Arkansas Valley, and Fort Smith ; the eastern
division of the Union Pacific, and the Oregon
Branch Railroad Companies to construct their
roads by guarantying interest on their bonds."
The report is signed by five members of the
committee: Mr. Sherman, with a qualification ;
Mr. Harlan; Mr. Howard, with a qualified
statement; and signed also by Mr. Morgan
and myself. I move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1906) to establish the
collection district of Aroostook .in the State
of Maine, and to more accurately define the
boundaries of the district of Newark, New
Jersey, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
suffrage constitutional amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate resolu-
tion No. 186.
Mr. STEWART. I object to that.
Mr. RAMSEY. There seems to be a dif-
ference of recollection with regard to the under-
standing that the Senator speaks of, that this
hour was to go into the consideration of the
constitutional amendment. The Senators on
this side had no understanding of that kind.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think we had better
go on with the business that we had on hand
this morning. We cannot now transact the
ordinary business of the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no desire to violate
any nnderstandingof the Senate if it was clearly
made and so understood.
Mr. STEWART. I so understood it. I
said it.
Mr. ABBOTT. Everybody so understood
it, I" think.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the constitu-
tional amendment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 402) proposing an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States; the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr. Wil-
son, to strike out section one of the proposed
article of amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary and to insert:
There shall be no discrimination in any State
among the citizens of the United States in the exer-
cise of the elective franchise in any election therein,
or in the qualifications for office in any State, on ac-
count of race, color, nativity, property, education, or
religious belief.
Mr. WILSON. I do not wish to take up the
time of the Senate in discussing this propo-
sition. I simply ask a vote upon it, and I
should like to have the vote taken by yeas and
nays.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that is a
substitute for the amendment reported by the
committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is pro-
posed by way of substitute, and on this ques-
tion the yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Conness, Grimes, Harlan,
Harris, Howe, McDonald, Morton, Ramsey, Ross,
S.twyer, Sherman, Sumner, Van Winkle, Wade,
Welch. Williams, Wilson, and Yates—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Cole,
Conkling, Corbctt, Davis, Dixon, Kessenden, Fowler,
Frelinghuvsen. Howard, Morgan, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Norton, Nye, Patterson of Tennessee, Rice,
Robertson, Spencer, Stewart,Trumbull, Viekers, and
Willoy—24.
ABSENT—-Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Chandler,
Cragin, Doolittle, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Hender-
son, Hendricks, Keliogg, McCreery, Morrill of Maine,
Osborn. Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy.Pool,
Salisbury, Sprague, Thayer, Tipton, Warner, and
Whyte—23.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out all of section one
of the amendment reported by the committee
and inserting the following :
The right to vote and hold office in the United
States and the several States and Territories shall
belong to all male citizens of the United States who
are twenty-one years old, and who have not been
or shall not be duly convioted of treason or other in-
famous crime: Provided, That nothing herein con-
tained shall deprive the several States of the right
to make such registration laws as shall be deemed
nccessary to guard the purity of elections a,nd to fix
the terms of residence which shall precede the exer-
cise of the right to vote: And provided, That the
United States and the several States shall have the
right to fix the age and other qualifications for office
under their respective jurisdictions, which said regis-
tration laws, terms of residence, age, and other quali-
fications shall be uniformly applicable to all male
citizens of the United States.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. STEWART. I am requested by the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Henderson] to
present an amendment which he has inclosed
to me by letter, requesting me to present it in
his name to the Senate. I am opposed to the
amendment, but I offer it in his behalf that the
Senate may act upon it.
ThePRESIDENTproiempore. The amend-
ment to the amendment- will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert at the end of the pending amendment
the following:
Nor shall suoh right to vote after the 1st day of
January, 1872, bedenied or abridged for offenses now
committed, unless the party to be affected shall have
been duly convicted thereof.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. FOWLER. I now offer my amend-
ment, to strike out all of section one of the
amendment reported by the committee and to
insert:
All the male citizens of the United States residents
of the several States now or hereafter comprehended
in the Union, of the age of twenty-one years and
upward, shall be entitled to an equal vote m all
elections m the State wherein they shall reside; the
period of such residence as a qualification for voting
to be decided by each State, except such citizens as
shall engage in rebellion or insurrection, or shall be
duly convicted of treason or other infamous crime.
I ask for the yeas and nays on the amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 35 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Cragin, Dixon, Fowler,
Patterson of Tennessee, Boss, Sherman, Van Winkle,
and Wilson—9.
NAYS-Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cattell, Cole,
Conkling, Conness, Oorbett, Davis. Drake, Fcrry.Fre-
linghuysen, Harlan, Harris, Howard, McDonald,
Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton. Nye, Patteison
of New Hampshire, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson,
Sawyer. Spencer, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull, Vick-
ers,' Wade, Welch, Willey, Williams, and Yates—3o.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Chandler,
Doqlittle, Edmunds. Eessenden, Grimes, Henderson,
Hendricks, Howe, Kellogg, McCreery, Morrill ot
Maine,Norton,Osborn, .Pomeroy.Saulsbury, Sprague,
Sumner, Thayer, Warner, and Whyte—22.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. CONNESS. In the first line of the
committee's amendment the word ''or" oc-
curs between the words "States" and "by."
I move to insert the word "nor" instead of
•' or ;" so that it shall read:
The right of citizens of the United States to vote
and hold office shall not bedenied or abridged by the
United States nor by any State.
The word "or" there is an alternative, and
I think it could scarcely have been intended.
It is very proper in the second line, where it
comes in between the words '"deniedand
"abridged," but in the third line I think it
should be " nor " nor by any State:' —so as
to make it prohibitive to each. J.hat certainly
is what was intended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California to the amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment wag
agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. How does the amend-
ment, of the committee read now? Let it be
read as amended.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment, as
amended, reads as follows:
The right of citizens of the United States to vote
and hold office-shall not be denied or abridged by the
United States nor by any State on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude. i
Mr. VICKERS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment. It is to insert at the
end of the amendment the following:
Nor shall the right to vote be denied or abridged
because of participation in the recent rebellion.
I ask for the yeas and nays on this amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr, HENDRICKS. I suppose the effect
of that amendment—-I ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Maryland if I understand it correctly
—is to remove the disability to vote, but leav-
ing the disability to hold office as already pro-
vided in the Constitution and laws ; so that, if
I undeistand it rightly, the effect would be to
allow all the colored people and also all those
who arc at present disabled because of connec-
tion with the rebellion to vote.
Mr. VICKERS. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 shall vote against this
amendment; but I do not wish to have it un-
derstood that I wholly disapprove of the prop-
osition made. I think it is improper to put
a matter of that kind in the Constitution or
make it a part of a constitutional amendment.
Whenever any legislation of that kind is pro-
posed, I do not wish to have it understood
that I shall oppose it. If it is in proper shape
I shall vote for it.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same vote that is
required to adopt this amendment cau extend
the same relief by legislation.
Mr. HENDRICKS. TheSenatorfrom Rhode
Island is altogether mistaken. There is no con-
dition in the l'oiuteenth article of amendments
to the Constitution which disables a party from
voting. The Senator from Rhode Island is
thinking of the provision .of the fourteenth
article which excludes from the right to hold
office, ana that disability may be removed by a
two-thirds vote of Congress.
And in reply to the Senator from Oregon I
will say that I think his proposition is not ten-
able. He says that this provision ought not to
go into the Constitution. If any portion ol' the
amendment now proposed should be a part of
the Constitution, why not this? The subject
of the proposed amendment is the suffrage.
You propose to say that color shall not disable
from suffrage ; and while you are removing the
disability of color, allowing all men without
regard to their color to vote, the Senator from
Maryland proposes to remove the disabilities
that may be imposed by State law or State con-
stitutions because of participation in rebellion.
His proposition simply is that the disability to
hold office shall continue ; but that while you
allow all the colored people to vote at the same
time you shall allow ali the white people to vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 32 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Bayard. Buckalew. Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Ferry, Fowler, Grimes, Harlan, Hendricks,
McCreery, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Pool,
Ramsey, Robertson, Sawyer, Xrumbull, \ an \\ inkle,
Vickers, and Wilson—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cattell. Cole,
Conkling, Conness, Corbett. Cragin, Drake, I'essen-
den, Frelinghuysen, Hams, Howard, Howe, Morson,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patterson oi New
Hampshire, Rice, Ross, Sherman. Spencer, Stewart,
Sumner,Thayer, Tipton, Wade, V, elch, \\ llley, Wil-
liams, and Yates—32. „ _. ,
ABSENT —Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Edmunds,
Henderson, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill oi Maine,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Sprague, Warner, and
Whyte—13.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. BAYARD. Imove to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the word "vote" m
