1782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
provisions of the several acts providing internal
revenue, excepting items otherwise estimated for,
$8,000,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line six hun-
dred and thirty-eight, to insert:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to fulfill a
contract m'ide by him under the provisions of a
joint resolution auttiorizing a contract with Vinnie
Beam for a statue of the late Abraham Lincoln,
$5,000.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to inquire of
the chairman how much has been paid for that
statue ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Not anything.
Mr. SUMNER. There has certainly been
one payment.. I wish to know whether there
has not been even more than that?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The committee
are not aware that anything has been paid.
We have no information that anything has
been paid. I will state to the Senator how I
understand the facts to be. By a joint reso-
lution of Congress, passed in I860, the Secre-
tary of the Interior was directed to contract
with this lady for a statue of President Lin-
coln for the sum of $10,000, $5,000 of which
was to be paid when the model in clay was
perfected, and the balance when the statue
was finished in marble. Now, we have a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Interior
communicating to us a copy of the contract
under that resolution, and also stating in his
communication that the first part of the con-
tract has been completed to his satisfaction,
aa.d asking for this appropriation, so that the
committee found, as a matter of law and con-
tract, that she wa3 entitled to have the first
installment of S5,000.
Mr. SUMNER. How much more is to be
paid?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Five thousand
dollars when the statue is in marble.
Mr. SUMNER. Making $10,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Making $10,000,
under the law of Congress and under the con-
tract with her by the Secretary of the Interior.
The committee had no doubt that it was an
obligation of law and contract.
Mr. SUMNER. I inquire of the chairman
if there is no way of obtaining a release from
that contract by paying this $5,000 now, so
that we need not be obliged to pay an addi-
tional $5,000 for a statue which in all prob-
ability we shall not be willing to place in the
Capitol?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no in-
formation on that subject. I will answer the
Senator very frankly. The best I think I can
do would be to refer the Senator to the artist
upon that subject-
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to inquire of the
honorable chairman of the committee whether
the United States is bound to pay this $5,000
at this time? Is there not some condition in
the contract by which the model may be ex-
amined before we procced to it3 final comple-
tion and pay for it?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is to be done
to the acceptance of the Secretary of the
Interior.
Mr. HOWARD. "What is to be done, the
model or the statue itself?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The model. When
the model m clay has been finished to the ac-
ceptance of the Secretary of the Interior, then
the Secretary of the Interior is entitled to pay
her the first installment.
Mr. HO WARD. If the Senator from Maine
will allow me I will read the joint resolution
under which this lady was employed :
"Revolved, fee., That the Secretary of the Interior
he, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to con-
tuicLv?ith Miss Vinnie Ream tor a lite-size model
and statue of the late President Abiaham Lincoln,
to be executed by her at a price not exceeding $10,000,
one halt payable on the completion of the model in
piaster, and the remaining half on the completion
ot the statue in marble to his acceptance."
I suppose the discretion of the Secretary
extends both to the model and to the completed
statue whenever it shall be completed. I should
suppose that to be the fair and liberal con-
struction to be given to that joint resolution.
I wish to say in this connection that I have
briefly and cursorily examined the model
which the lady had prepared of the contem-
plated statue of Mr. Lincoln, and although I
profess not to be a judge in such matters, and
by no means a connoisseur, I, for one. am very
much dissatisfied with the model which shehas
already prepared. 1 do not think it brings out
the features or the person of President Lincoln.
I think the whole thing is at present a failure,
just as I predicted when the original proposi-
tion was before the Senate. I think the country
will be dissatisfied with this statue if it is com-
pleted upon the model which has been exhibited
here in the Capitol. And unless we are bound
absolutely to appropriate this $5,000 at this
time in part payment of the statue I ihink we
had better let the matter stand open until the
Secretary of the Interior shall have time to
examine thoroughly the statue when it shall be
completed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But the informa-
tion is that the Secretary of the Interior has
examined it, and he makes us a formal com-
munication to that effect, that he has examined
the statue, is satisfied with it, and asks that
an appropriation be made. He sends the con-
tract to the committee, refers us to the law and
the contract, declares his satisfaction with the
model upon examination, and requests that this
appropriation be made in conformity with the
contract.
Mr. HOWARD. I dislike to occupy the time
of the Senate on this small matter unneces-
sarily ; but I should like very much to hear the
communication of the Secretary of the Interior
on this subject read, or so much of it as relates
to the point in consideration, if it is convenient
to produce it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
desires to have it read I will send for it; and
in the mean time this amendment can bepassed
over.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive a message from the House of Rep-
resentatives.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the bill (H. R. No.
1570) making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1870, and for
other purposes.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a bill (II. li. No. 2007)
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 80, 1870, and for other purposes ; and a
bill (H. R. No. 2021) for the relief of Norman
Wiard, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 5'J6) granting a pension to
Mary A Davis, widow of William P. Davis, a
private in the eighteenth regiment of Indiana
volunteers in the war of 1861, wuh an amend-
ment., in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House insisted upon its amendment to the bill
of the Senate (S. No. 900) granting a pension
to William B. Looner, of Alabama, agreed to
the conference asked by the Senate on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. Sidney Peeham of Maine,
Mr. H. Van Aernam of New York, and Mr.
A. G\ Burr of Illinois, managers at the same
on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 1738) making appro-
priations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for ful-
filling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending June 30, 1870, asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Benjamin F. Bcti,er of Massachusetts, Mr. G.
W. Scofield of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Wn,-
li am Wisdom of Minnesota, managers on its
part.
The message further announced that the
House had also disagreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H R. No. 1746) for
the removal of certain disabilities from the per-
sons therein named, asked a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. J. B. Beck of Ken-
tucky, Mr. J. F. Farxsworth of Illinois, and
Mr. B. W. Norms of Alabama, managers at the
same on its part..
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the concurrent resolution of the
Senate requesting the President of the United
States to transmit to the Executives of the
several States copies of the amendment to the
Constitution of the United States proposed by
Congress to the Legislatures of the several
States by resolution of February 26, 1869.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 1967) to compensate the
officers and crew of the United States steamer
Ivearsarge for the destruction of the rebel pirat-
ical vessel Alabama, asked a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. F. A. Pike of Maine,
Mr. G-. Twitchell of Massachusetts, and Mr.
Charles Haight of New Jersey, managers at
the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had disagreed to theamend-
ments of theSenateto the bill (H. R. No. 1881)
regulatingthe reportsof national banking asso-
ciations, asked a conferenceon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
pointed Mr. S. J. Randall of Pennsylvania,
Mr. T. M. Pomeroy of New York, and Mr.
John Lynch of Maine managers at the same
on its part.
The message further announced that the
House insistedupon its amendments to the bill
(S. No. 440) supplementary to an act entitled
" An act to provide a national currency secured
by a pledge of United States bonds, and to pro-
vide for the circulation and redemption there-
of, " approved June 3, 1864, agreed to the
! conference asked by the Senate on the disa-
I greeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
! had appointed Mr. J. Coborn of Indiana,
| Mr. N. B. Judd of Illinois, and Mr. Samuel
I Hooper of Massachusetts, managers at the
I same on its part.
i The message also announced thattheHouse
I had disagreed to the amendments of the Senate
i to the bill (H. R. No. 375) to repeal an act
I approved March 2, 1867. entitled "An act to
j regulate the disposition of fines, penalties, and
I forfeitures received under the laws relating to
the customs, and for other purposes," and
amend certain acts for the prevention and pun-
ishment of frauds on the revenue, and for the
prevention of smuggling, asked a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Thomas D.
Eliot of Massachusetts, Mr. Charles O'Neill
of Pennsylvania, and Mr. J. M. Humphrey
of New York, managers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the amendments of
the Senate to the following bills and joint res-
olutions :
A bill (H. R. No. 112) relating to captures
made by Admiral Farragut's fleet in the Mis-
sissippi river in May, 1862;
A bill (H. R. No. 425) for the relief of Marf
A. Filler;
A bill (H. R. No. 1279) in relation to addi-
tional bounties, and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1327) to amend an act
entitled "An act to exempt certain manufac-
tures from internal tax, and for other pur-
poses," approved May 31, 186<?; ■
A bill (H. R. No. 1867) for the relief of the
Illinois Iron and Bolt Company ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1879) for the relief of eer-
