1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1783
tain companies of scouts and guides organized
in Alabama; _
A bill (H. R. No. 1073) in reference to cer-
tifying checks on national banks :
A bill (H- K. Xo. 1989) for the relief of
Peter McGough, collector of internal revenue
and disbursing agent, twentieth district Penn-
sylvania ;
A bill (II. No. 134-i) to confirm certain pri-
vate laud claims in the Territory of New Mex-
ico ;
A bill (H. R. No. 148?) to declare and fix
the status of the corps of judge advocates of
the Army
A bill (H. R. No. 1928) granting a pension
to Lemuel Barthalow ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1930) granting a pension
to Madge K. Guthrie and Robert B. Guthrie;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 438) relative
fro certain purchases by the Interior Depart-
ment ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 211) for the
relief of Henry S. Gibbons, late postmaster at
St. Johns, Michigan.
enrolled bills signed.
Themessage also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills ; and they were thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore:
A bill (II. R. No. 1041) granting the right
of way to the Walla-Walla and Columbia River
Railroad Company, and for other purposes;
and
A bill (H. R- No. 1003) for the relief of
Henry Barrieklow.
house bills referred.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, the
hill (H. R. No. 2007) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1870, and for
other purposes, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The bill fH. R. No. 2021) for the relief of
Norman Wiard was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie ou the table.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. it. No. 1738) making
eppropriations for the current and contingent
txp-uses of the Indian department, and for
fulliiiing treaty stipulations, disagreed to by the
House ; and *
On motiou of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it
was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
of Representatives. and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferrees on the part of the
Senate bo appointed by tho President pro tempore of
the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Harla.v, Mr. Thayer, and Mr. Corbett.
removal of disabilities.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment to the bill (H. It. No. 1746) for the re-
moval of certain disabilities from the persons
therein named, disagreed to by the House; and
On motion of Mr. STEWART, it was
Iiesolv'd, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ment to the said bill, disagreed to by tho House of
Representatives, and agree to tho conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferrees on the part of the
Senate bo appointed by the President#™ tempore of
the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Stewart, Mr. Trumbull, and Mr. Hend-
ricks.
reports of national banks.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 1881) regulating
the reports of national banking associations,
disagreed to by the House; and
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Resolved, That tho Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said Bill, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
j Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
I Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore of
j the Senate.
; The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
; Mr. Cattell, .Mr. Williams, and Mr. Cox-
1 xjess.
I STEAMER KEAR3ARGB.
! The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
; ments, disagreed to by the House of Represent-
! atives,to the bill (H. R. No. 1967) to compen-
1 sate the officers and crew of the United States
steamer Kearsarge for the destruction of the
rebel piratical vessel Alabama ; and
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferrees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore of
the Senate.
i The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
j Mr. Grimes, Mr. Covkliso, and Mr. Drake.
j consular and diplomatic bill.
! Mr. SUMNER. With the consent of the
, Senator from Maine, I desire to make a report
; from the conference committee on the disagree-
i ing votes of the two Houses on the bill known
' as the consular and diplomatic bill. I ask that
I the report be read and acted npon at once.
, The Secretary read the report, as follows:
' The committee of conference on the disagreeing
■ votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 1570) making appropriations for the
I consular and diplomaticexpensesot theGovernment
| for the year ending June 30.1870, and for other pur-
I poses, having met, after lull and free conference,
j hav e agreed to recommend and do recommend to
their respective Houses as follows:
I That the Sena e recede from their amendments
numbered 27, 30 and 31.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendmentsof thcSenate
numbered 1, 6, 7,13, 14, 22, 32, and 33, and agree to
the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the second amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment as follows: atthe^nd
of said amendment add the following words: "and
to continue while acting as minister to Uraguay.'*
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the twenty-eighth amendment
of the Senate, aud agree to the same with tho follow-
ing amendment: strike outall of said amendtnenr,
being the fourth section of the bill, and insert in lieu
the following:
Sec. 4. And le it further eniated. That the Pres-
ident is authorized, on the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Treasury, to cause examinations to
be innde into the accounts of the consular officers of
tho United States, and into all matters connected
with the business of their said offices, and to that
end he may apnoint snch agent or agents as may be
necessary lor that purpose: and any agent when so
appointed shall, for the purpose of making said
examinations, have authority to administer oaths
and take testimony, and shall have access to all the
books and papers of all consular officers. Ai d any
agent appointed m this behalf shall be paid for his
services a just and reasonable compensation, not
exceeding live dollars per day for the time neces-
sarily employed, in addition to his actual necessary
expenses, the same to be paid out of the sum appro-
priated for expenses of collecting the revenue: but
no greater sum than $5,000 shall be expended as
compensation of such agent or agents, in any one
year. And the President shall eommunicateto Con-
gress, at the commencement of every .December ses-
sion, the names of the agents so appointed and the
amount paid to each, together with the reports of
such agents.
And the Senate agree to the same.
CHARLES SUMNER.
F. '£. FRELIXGHt'YSBN,
W. PIN ICS EY WHfTB,
Managers on the part ot the Senate,
GODLOVE S. ORTH,
SAMUEL B. AXTELL,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
proposed. amendments.
Mr. Pomeroy submitted two amendments
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
1911) making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 18C9, and for other purposes; which
were referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
Mr. Spragde, Mr. Fessenden. Mr. Ramsey,
and Mr. Robertson submitted amendments
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
2007) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1870, and for other purposes;
which were referred to the Committee oa Ap-
propriations,
Mr. Ramsey submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
1808) making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1870; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R,
No. 1672) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1870,
the pending question being on the amendment
of the Committee on Appropriations, to insert
after line six hundred and thirty-eight, the fol-
lowing clause:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to fulfill
a contract made by him under the provisions of _&
i'oint resolution authorizing a contract with Vinnie
team lor a statue of the late Abraham Lincoln,
85,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I send to the
Chair a communication from the Secretary of
the Interior on that subject, which I desire to
have read, and I trust the Senator from Michi-
gan [Mr. Howard] will give his attention to it.
The Secretary read as follows:
Department of the Interior,
"Washington', D. C., January'^}, 1867.
Sin: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy
i| of a letter bearing date the 27th instant, which I have
I received from Miss Vinnie Ream, informing me of
i! the completion of the model in plaster of the late
l; President Liueoln. which she had contracted to exe-
H cute, and requesting payment of the sum of $5,006
due to her on such completion.
The "joint resolution authorizing a contract with
Yinnie Ream lor a statue of Abraham Lincoln."
approved July 28.1866, (U. S. Statutes, vol. 14. p. 370.)
authorized and directed the Secretary of thelnterior
to contract with that lady for a life-size model and
statue of thelate President; and pursuant to its terms
a contract was on the 30th day of August, 1866. exe-
cuted, whereby the Secretary, on behalf of the United
States, promised to pay Miss Ream thesum of $5,000
on her completion of such life-size model in plaster,
and the further sum of $5,000 on her completion to
his acceptance of the statue in marble ard the deliv-
ery thereof to the officer to be designated to receive
it. A c^py of the contract is herewith transmitted.
I have inspected Lhe completed model. It bears a
faithful resemblance to the original and is highly
creditable to the skill of tho artist.
I recommend that Congress make an appropriation
of $5,000 to enable the Secretary of the Interior to
pay the installment now due to Miss Ream under her
contract.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
O. H. BROWN ING,
Secretary.
Hon. B. F.Wade,
President pro tempore of the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I will not criticise the con-
struction which the Secretary of the Interior
seems to give to the joint resolution of July
28, 1866. He seems to think, however, that
on the completion of the model, however im-
perfect it may happen to be, he is bound to
pay the $5,000, whether the model is accept-
able to him or not. I certainly do not concur
in that construction of the joint resolution. I
think the joint resolution requires, even before
the payment of the first $5,000. that he should
be satisfied with the model itself.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will my hon-
orable friend allow me to suggest to him that
the Secretary says in so many words that it is
acceptable to him? He compliments it.
Mr. HOWARD. I was speaking ofhisstate-
mentof the contract, not of hisopinion respect-
ing the acceptability of the model. _ Iffhould
like the Secretary to read that portiotr of the
contract itself which relates to the model and
the acceptance of it by the Secretary of the
Interior, if it is at hand.
The Secretary read from the contract as fol-
lows :
" That tho said Vinnie Ream, for and in consider-
ation of thosnm of $10,000, to be paid to her as here-
inafter mentioned, hereby binds herself to execute
and deliver to the Commissioner of Public Buildings
or other public officer to be designated by the Secre-
tary of the Interior, and in saidcity, a life-size model
and a- statue of the late President Lincoln: said
statue t© be in marble and to the acceptance of sueh
Secretary; and the said Harlan, Secretary as afore-
said, in thennmeandonbehalfofsaid United States,
hereby promises to pay to said Vinnie Ream the sum
of $5,000 on thecompletion asaforee&idof sach model
