1032
THJ3 OOiWiESSIOlSPAI/ GLOBS.
February 9,
.race, color, intelligence, education, or prop-
erty. So the Senator from Wisconsin is right
that the party is committed to universal suf-
frage, pure and simple. The theory of this
great Government is a government of the peo-
ple, for the people, by the people, and, to use
the other language of Mr. Lincoln in that con-
nection, may it never perish from the earth.
Mr. CONHESS; Mr. President, I wish to
say that the speech made to us by the honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin is not a new one.
It is not th$ first time within the last three or
four Jeajs .that the honorable Senator has un-
dertaken to make capital for the political-party
he. lias so recently joined, bya certain class of
praise and .commendation of the Senator from
Massachusetts. That the Senator from Massa-
chusetts is entitled to his praise and the praise
,of others I do not rise to deny. That were
futile on my part; but, tl^e honorable Senator
warns the Senators on the Republican side of
this Chamber that they are but the mere tail
to the kite which the Senator from Massa-
chusetts is; that he is the great progressive
man, the originator of liberal measures, and
that other Senators here deny and refuse to
support th^m at first but are eventually brought
to their Support; by tha,t means representing
indirectly.yphat be does not djrectly to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts that he has a very
unpopular position, and he undertakes to make
the I^opublican party of the country responsible
for that position.
Now, Mr, President, if the honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin had confined himself to a
discussion of the naturalization laws and their
application to persons who apply for the privi-
leges of citizenship, he might have made us,
simply consulting the experience of the party
which he has so recently joined, a most inter-
esting speech. That party have found new
modes of naturalizing citizens, and without the
word ''white" being stricken out of the natu-
ralization laws, as proposed by the Senator
from Massachusetts, they have managed to
march to the polls regiments of voters that, I
undertake to say, are as unworthy to cast a vote
as any Chinaman on the Pacific coast. Igno-
rance, Mr. President,utterignoraneeofnknowl-
edge of this Government, and utter want of
devotion to it and attachment to it, when pos-
sessed by any person, cannot by reasou of even
naturalization laws make an honest or faithful
voter of that person. If the word "white" were
stricken out of the naturalization laws to-day,
and, the courts of this country should do their
duty, examining as they are held to examine
every person of foreign birth as to his devotion
to republican institutions, as to his personal
character, his fitness to perform tho functions
of a citizou, there would be no difficulty, and
no harm done. But it being notorious that
they are loosely and improperly applied, it be-
comes then of course an important question as
to whether the word ''white" shall remain
inserted, and be a part of the naturalization
laws or not. I suppose it will not be gaiusayed
by any person who is acquainted with the
Chinese character and population that not one
in ten thousand of them has any capacity what-
ever for American citizenship. If there should
be an educated man, a Republican or Demo-
crat if yon please, in character, who had Chi-
nese birth and origin, but a devotee of repub-
lican institutions, I would be willing to admit
him to citizenship at once, for you would have
in him a supporter and defender of republican
institutions and society. Therefore, sir, in the
sha.pe that the proposition is before us, namely,
to strike out the words proposed by the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, I am opposed to it. 1
desire that none but citizens shall vote, and I
wish to continue the word "white" in the natu-
ralization laws, because it excludes no one that
may not properly be excluded unless perchance
a man 111 ten thousand of Chinese origin ; and
with any prospect of the obtainment of power
by the party to which my honorable friend from
Wisconsin belongs, it would be a very danger-
ous thing indeed to change the naturalization
laws so aa to give that party a chance at the
Chinese vote.
But, sir, 1 did not propose to say anything
on this subject of a partisan character except
to notice the effort of the Senator from Wis-
consin, who endeavors constantly to make a
little capital for his party at the expense of the
Republicans in the Senate. I do not deny to
the honorable Seuator from Massachusetts that
he is liberal and broad in his statesmanship,
eveti upon other subjects and in other regards
than upon this question of human rights. It
has been my experience—and I am very glad
to say it here—that I have found him upon
general measuresoneof the broadest and most
liberal of statesmen; and when he has pro-
positions to make that commend themselves to
me I am always proud to be able to support
them. His amendment at present I cannot
vote for.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, it is
quite refreshing after the weary twenty-four
hours we have spent together here to hear the
ringing voice of the Senator from California.
Wo missed bis society, but I am sorry that the
first demonstration is some " little unpleasant-
ness" on his part because the distinguished
leader of the party received some little com-
mendation from a gentleman who does not
agree with him in polities. Why, do not we
all know that exactly what the Senator from
Wisconsin said is entirely true, that there is no
one single proposition suggested by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts for the last six years
up to the presenttime that has not been made
by him a success with his party; and when
that is said, why should it disturb the philo-
sophical equanimity of the Senator from Cali-
fornia? I am glad to see him here, but I am
sorry that he should he disturbed by a thing
that ought to give him great pleasure. Indeed,
in the excitement of tho times I thought he
was in a " muss" last night, but he is here
safe again, and it gives us a great deal of
pleasure.
Mr. President, this little strike that he makes
at a liberal naturalization of foreigners 1 do
not sympathize with. Anybody that comes to
this country of our race, abandoning the des-
potisms of thcjOld World and seeking this land
that ho may he free and happy and that his
children may become a part of our society, has
my sympathy, and I would rather make the
laws for the naturalization of foreigners more
liberal than to make them more difficult. But,
sir, 1 do not suppose it is necessary to discuss
thai, 011 this particular proposition, and there-
fore 1 shall not extend my remarks. My pur-
pose was to express my gratification at seeing
the Senator from California return 111 good
health into this body.
Mr. FESSENDEN, Mr. President, it was
far from my design to say a word upon tho sub-
ject under debate; but my honorable friend
from Wisconsin has made a remark here which
might have a tendency to place me in a posi-
tion before the country that I have no wish to
occupy. It would seem to convey the idea that
I had on some occasion opposed the extension
of the elective franchise to t he colored people.
There can be 110 greater mistake than that, be-
cause 011 no occasion have I placed myself in
that position. Now, sir, I have before me some
proof on this subject to show that I was very
early committed to the proposition now under
consideration substantially.
It will be recollected that I was the chairman
on the part of the Senate of the joint Commit-
tee on Reconstruction raised at the first session
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress. While that com-
mittee ivas deliberating the subject of the basis of
representation came up, and came up parly.
It was, in fact, the first question that was sub-
mitted to the committee. While that question
was pending a sub-committee was selected by
that committee to report to the general com-
mittee some proposition as a basis of repre-
sentation. I was chairman of that sub-eom-
mittee also, and for the sake of showing my
position on the subject, if Senators will allow
me, I will read to the Senate a very short por-
tion of the journal of that committee :
" The chairman from the sub-committee on the
basis of representation reported that tho sub-com-
mittee had directed him to report the following lor
the action of the joint committee, the first two as
alternative propositions, one of which, with the third
proposition, to be recommended to Congress for adop-
tion : ,
"Resolved by the Senate and, House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, (two thirds of bothHouses«oncurring.) That
•the following articles be proposed to the Legislatures
of the several States as amendments to the Consti-
tution of the United States, which, when they, or
either of them shall be ratified by three fourths of
the said Legislatures, shall be valid as part ol said
Constitution, namely:
"Article —.
"Representatives and direct taxes shall" be appor-
tioned among the several States within this Union
according to the respective number ot citizens of the
United States in each State; and all provisions in the
constitution or laws of any State whereby any dis-
tinction is made in political or civil rights or privi-
leges on account of race, creed, or color shall be
inoperative and void."
Or the following :
"Article —. .
" Representatives and direct taxes shall be appor-
tioned among tho several States which may be in-
cluded within this Union according to their respect-
ive numbers, counting the whole number of citizens
of .the United States in oaoh State : Provided, That
whenever the elective franchiso shall be denied or
abridged on account of race, creed, or color all per-
sons of such race, creed, or color shall be excluded
from the basis of representation."
That is what was called the Blaine amend-
ment.
"Article —.
" Congress shall have power to make all laws neces-
sary and proper to secure to all citizens of the United
States in every State the same political rights and
privileges; and to all persons in every State equal
protection in the enjoyment of life, liberty, and
property."
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator tell us
what date that was ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not the date;
but it was very early in the action of the com-
mittee. I will remark in passing that the first
proposition was drawn by myself and submitted
to the sub-committee and adopted as one of
the alternatives, and the second was the Blaine
proposition.
"The joint committee proceeded to consider the
report of the sub-committee.
" Mr. Stevens moved that the last article be sep-
arated from whichever of the other two should be
adopted by the committee aud be eonsideijfcd by itself.
" The question was taken by yeas ana nays, and
decided 111 the affirmative—yeas 10, nays 4; absent
and not voting 1.
"So tho motion was agreed to.
" Mr. Stevens moved that the committee take the
second named of the alternative proposed articles
as the basis of their action,
' The question was taken by yeas and nays; and it
was decided in thoaffirmative—yeas 11, nays 3; absent
and not voting 1."
I will only say, without reading the vote, that
I voted in the negative, preferring the first
proposition, as did also my colleague 011 the
committee, the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Howard,] if I recollect aright. Now, that it
may be thoroughly understood, I will read it
again ;
" Representatives and direct taxes shall bo appor-
tioned among the several States within this Union
according to tho respective number of citizens of the
United States in each State; and all provisions in
the constitution or laws of any State whereby nny
distinction is made in political or civil rights or privi-
leges on account of race, creed, or color, shall be
inoperative and void."
When I introduced as chairman of the
committee the second amendment, which was
the Blaine proposition, the committee having
agreed to it, I stated that that prop osition was
not my proposition, although 1 felt obliged to
sustain it as the decision of the committee, but
that I preferred a.proposition which went to
the root of the whole matter and abolished all
distinctions on account of race, crecd, or color.
Being thus early committed to tho proposi-
tion now before the Senate, I shall not be likely
to vote against it. My opinion then was that
all these side propositions which went half
way, which provided modes of escape, limiting;
the evil, but not striking at the very root of
would be found without that effect which we
wished to produce, and that the sooner we
