80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
December 15,
Whenever we can have reciprocity, whenever
these people are willing to allow their neighbors
to enjoy civil and political rights, as they are
entitled to do under the Constitution and laws
of their country, I am willing to forget their
crime ofrebellion,notwithstanding it has caused
so much misery to this country, and I am will-
ing that they shall be restored, but not until
then. Not until they will do justice to others
shall they receive mercy at my hands as a Sen-
ator here;
We find ia the city of New Orleans another
striking example of the tyranny of these men.
There are in that city forty-one thousand
registered votes. It is stated, however, that
there are five or six thousand illegally natural-
ized persons there who should not be counted
in that number, making it something less.
There were twenty-three thousand votes polled
there at the presidential election, and out of
that number there were but two hundred
and seventy-six Republican votes. This, of
course, is hereafter to be investigated, and I
only make these statements upon the informa-
tion I get; but all the parties with whom I
have conversed estimate that there are twenty
thousand Republicans in that city. They state,
whether truly or falsely, as the reason why
they did not vote, that there was so much vio-
lence, such a reign of terror, that it was impos-
sible for them to go to the polls. This violence
was perpetrated by the very men who are dis-
qualified under the fourteenth article. Before
we proceed to remove disabilities we should
investigate this matter at New Orleans and see
it" it be true, as alleged, that the late rebels
excluded from the polls their political oppo-
nents by violence. If they did not, if they are
willing that the laws shall be enforced, if
they arc willing that all men shall enjoy the
rights to which they are entitled under the
Constitution, there is nobody inclined to con-
tinue these disabilities; but, until that is done,
let it be understood that the laws of Congress
must be respected. If while they thus defy the
laws we repeal them, it will look like an act of
cowardice. When they are willing to submit
to the laws and be good citizens and give us
evidence of that fact, then it will be generosity
on our part to repeal them; but let us not re-
peal them nor extend any generosity toward
them _ while they are threatening the lives of
our friends and the peace of this country.
They must obey the laws. I am willing that
all men who will obey the laws and be good
citizens shall be relieved; and I think that is
the position which the committee will hold.
So far as I am concerned hereafter, if I have
auythiug to do with the subject of relieving
from disabilities, I shall examine each case
moat critically, and I must be satisfied that
the poison asking to have disabilities removed
has done some works meet for repentance, and
that he is willing to be a good citizen. Then
I shall be disposed to advocate the removal of
his disabilities, but not until then.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
motion to refer this bill to the Committee on
the J udiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
MILITIA IN TOE SOUTHERN STATES.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. GG5.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I gave notice, on Thurs-
day last, that I should to-day move to discharge
the Committee on Finance from the consider-
ation of Senate joint resolution No. 66, touch-
ing the faith of the nation on the subject of
the payment of its funded debt. I am informed
by the chairman of that committee that the
committee are not quite ready to report upon
the subject, but will report to-morrow. In that
state of the case, I shall of course have no i
occasion to make that precise motion, and
shall postpone proposing what I wish to have
the Senate do until to-morrow. I have thought
it fit to say this, inasmuch as otherwise it might
be inferred that I had giveu up the idea of
getting the sense of the Senate upon that im-
Seas^e/
ided ¥
portant question ; but as that committee will
report to-morrow, I shall not press my motion
at this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Themtes-
tion is on the motion of the Senator\rom
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
The motion was agreed to; and the SenaS
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
consider the bill (S. No. 665) to repeal section
six of the act entitled "An act making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 80, 1868," approved March
2, 1807.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
the bill with an amendment to strike out all of
the original bill after the enacting clause, in
the following words :
That section six of an act entitled "An act making
appropriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30.1868. and for other purposes,"
approved March 2,1807, is hereby lepealed.
And to insert iu lieu thereof:
That so much of the act entitled "An act making
appropriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending Juno 30,1868, and for other purposes,"
approved March 2,1867, as prohibits the organization,
arming, or calling into service of the militia forces
in the states lately in rebellion, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to inquire
what that section is ?
Mr. WILSON. By the act of March 2,
18G7, Congress forbade the unreconstructed
States from organizing militia. Most of those
States have been reconstructed since that time,
and it was proposed at the last session of Con-
gress to repeal the act in order to allow those
States to organize their militia. The President
of the United States in his message earnestly
recommends this repeal now. I do not know
that anybody opposed it here at the last ses-
sion ; butlthinkitfellbetweenthetwoHouses.
I hope this bill will be promptly passed, be-
cause I believe some of these Legislatures are
in session now, and are very desirous of legis-
lating on the subject before they adjourn, as
they may do in a very brief time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have my
friend, the chairman of the Military Committee,
inform us what is the propriety of repealing the
law which prohibits the three States that have
not been readmitted into the Union, Virginia,
Texas, and Mississippi, from organizing a
militiu? They have failed to comply with the
reconstruction acts, as we have some reason to
suppose, somewhat in a spirit of hostility to the
policy which Congress has adopted. I might
say something more than " somewhat in a spirit
of hostility," probably, and not get beyond the
truth. Now, the question is whether, as ap-
plied to those States, it is wise to take the hand
of Congress off from them and to permit those
communities, which are yet in a state of rebel-
lion and who are held under the authority of
military law, to set up a local militia of their
own. I should be somewhat afraid, in such a
case as that, that the loyal men who exist in
those communities, men who desire peace, who
wish to pursue industry, to acquire property,
and to reestablish themselves, both black and
white, would find it rather hard times under an
organization of militia in those States at this
period. I suggest to my friend, therefore, the
inquiry whether it would not be wise to except
those three States from the operation of this
repealing act, if the original act which this pro-
poses to repeal prohibited these local military
organizations not only in the States that have
been readmitted to Congress, but also in the
States of Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas?
With that exception I should be entirely satis-
fied. I think, with the bill. I suggest to my
friend whether it would not be wiser to leave
those States as they are ?
Mr. WILSON. If that be the will of the
Senate I shall not oppose it; but as those
three States have no Legislatures to be called
together, and cannot legislate on the subject,
and have constitutions made which will prob-
ably be adopted in the course of a few months,
I thought it better to make a whole thing of it
at once and have it all settled. If, however,
the Senator or Senators desire that the bill
shaUr not apply to those States, I am not stren-
uqjhs about it.
r, EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
(mendment by inserting as a proviso:
Provided, That this act shall'not operate to repeal
so much of the act aforesaid as relates to the States
of Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas.
That will accomplish my object; and I think
it wise not to leap before we come to the stile.
The existing aet prohibits military organiza-
tions, and it does not necessarily, in the irreg-
ular way that things are done down there,
require a formal and regular State government
to authorize a military or militia organization ;
and I should expect, with the temper that we
have seen exhibited in some of those States,
particularly in Texas, where a reign of terror
exists in almost all the counties, in spite of the
few troops we have there now, that in that
State military organizations adverse to liberty,
adverse to peace aud good order in society
would immediately spring into existence, and
would be used to the detriment of the progress
of affairs in that region. I hope, therefore,
that we shall pursue what appears to me to be
the prudent course, of holding this prohibition
against those States which have refused to
comply with the conditions that we have im-
posed upon the others.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not now recollect
what were the considerations that were urged
upon the Senate for the adoption of the section
which it is proposed by this bill to repeal. If
the action of Congress at that time were wise,
I am not aware of anythingin our history since
that time which makes its repeal now proper
or important. Certainly the recent transac-
tions iu some of the States do not establish
that the use of the local military power for the
government of the people has been useful. On
the contrary, much evidence is before the
country that great wrongs and outrages are per-
petrated by the local militia, and if this coun-
try is to be governed by military-power I
prefer that it should be governed by the regu-
lar Army of the United States—a military
power that is under some control.
The calling up of the bill at this time would
seem to be an indorsement of some of the
conduct of the military companies in some of
the southern States. Is it to be an indorse-
ment of the transactions that have recently
illustrated the sort of government that now
obtains in the State of Arkansas? Is it to be
an indorsement of the policy that has pre-
vailed and governed society and governed
elections for the last year or two in the State
of Tennessee? Are the scenes that have been
witnessed there to be extended to the other
States? Is that the purpose of the committee
in urging the passage of this bill ?
Mr. President, I do not undertake to say
that the original measure was wise, that it was
proper; but if it were so, history since that
time would admonish us that it is more import-
ant now than it was at that time. At the time
the bill passed there had been no serious out-
rages by local military power ; but since that
time they have been witnessed very frequently.
The law in many localities has been trampled
under foot, and the people and their property
have been made subject to the government of
a lawless militia. It seems that the proposi-
tion to repeal the restraining law is with a view
of sanctioning and perhaps extending' that
system of government that is so odious. I
shall not vote for the measure unless some
reasons are given which have not yet been
suggested.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, like the
Senator from Indiana, I do not specifically
recollect what the reasons were which led origin-
ally to the passage of the law which it is pro-
posed to repeal. I am apprehensive, however,
that the true reason will be found in the fact of
a general distrust of the loyal character of the
provisional governments formerly existing in
those States, and that it would be dangerous to
put an armed militia within their control.
Whether I am correct or not I do not know;
but I submit to the Senate whether we have not
