1868.
THE C©NG-RESST(MAL ©LOBE.
Si
had some experience which should teach us the
necessity of placing an armed fofce within the
control of somebody for the preservation- of
order in those States. The Senator from In-
diana refers to an abuse of the militia in some'
particular instances; but has he forgotten the
fact that there are throughout many of these
States the grossest irregularities and the gross-
est enormities which no force at the control of
the General Government or the State govern-
ments has been able to put down?
I hardly feel willing to agree with the idea of
my honorable friend from Vermont, that the
States which have not been feeonstructed, so
called, should not have a militia force. There
is no State in the Union, I presume, where there
have been such gross outrages committed and
so generally as in the State of Texas. What
is the reason of this? It is found, in my judg-
ment, from the absolute want of any sufficient
force to control the irregularities and the out-
rages which will necessarily spring from such a
state of society left so unformed at the period
of a long and sanguinary war.. For the sake
of economy, so called, we have been in a very
great hurry to reduce our military force. Very
much has been said on both sides of this Cham-
ber and on both sides-of the other House of
Congress upon the subject of the necessity
of bringing our expenditures down to a very
low point, or as low a point as possible; and
one of the first things to be done was a reduc-
tion of the Army, and to that my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] pointed the atten
tion of Congress at a very early day; and we
did it. Now, sir, what is the complaint that
we hear 011 all sides from the officers who have
been put in the control of the military force in
these several States? It is that they have no
force at their command adequate to suppress
irregularities and outrages upon the loyal peo-
ple. A large portion of our military force is
sent upon the plains and used elsewhere than in
these States. What does General Reynolds tell
you with reference to Texas itself? He says,
if 1 remember rightly, that he has, and has had,
no force that was at all adequate to protect the
loyal people or the sober people of that State
against murder and against all sorts of wicked-
ness that have been perpetrated there by the
loose population existing in portions of that
State, perhaps the whole of it; and, if I remem-
ber rightly, (I maybe mistaken,) he recom-
mends—somebody certainly recommends ; I
have heard it somewhere—that the militia of
that State, if you call it a State, should be or-
ganized in order that there may be some force
adequate to the suppression of these outrages.
Why, then, should we make an exception ?
Either increase your regular Army to a point
where it will be made efficient, or else organ-
ize a militia in these several States and put
arms in their hands, under the control of State
officers if you please, or of somebody, for the
purpose of affording the force necessary. Why,
then, do you make an exception of Texas? It
is not so bad in Virginia; that is at our own
doors. I do not know that it is so bad in Mis-
sissippi ; but with reference to the State of
which I speak it is manifest that something
should be done.
Sir, we have heard a great deal in the news-
papers about these irregularities being the con-
sequence of not having an earlier change in
our Government. I cannot see for myself what
General Grant, when he becomes President,
is to do in order to suppress all sorts of violence
in these several States unless you give him a
force to do it with; and [ do not see what the
States themselves are to do—-that is to say, the
civil power of those States—unless you put into
their hands a military force with which they
can act. The civil power of itself, it is very
evident, is very weak now; it can accomplish
nothing. We see that no man who commits a
crime is brought to justice. It may be that
the civil power does not wish to bring him to
justice in some instances; but it is very diffi-
cult for me to believe that respectable men, or
men having the good of society among them-
selves at heart—and we must take itforgianted
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 6.
that-most of the men in power are so disposed
—should not wish, if possible, to put an: end
to a state of society that renders their own
lives and their own property, and the lives and
property of their friends, entirely unsafe. •
For my own part I believe that the great
difficulty has arisen from the fact that we were
in such a hurry to build up a reputation for
economy that we diminished the Army far
below what was necessary and what will be
necessary for some years to come, without pro-
viding an adequate military force in the States
to be under the control of the power of .the
States, or'somebody's control, in-order to re-
press violence and to see that these outrages
were not perpetrated.
I hope, therefore, sir, on this view of the
matter, that my friend from Vermont will
reconsider, if this bill is to pass, his proposed
amendment, striking out the States that have
not yet been reconstructed. I believe that a
militia force is as necessary there as elsewhere.
I believe that a militia, or a military power of
some kind, is necessary in most of these States,
if not all of them, and that unless we bring
about a condition of things in which there is a
power lodged with somebody to repress by
force the violence that takes place there con-
tinually we shall see no end to the troubles of
which we have heard so much for the last year.
They will continue, and they must necessarily
continue, from the nature of the population
and the kind of feeling that exists ; and the
moral force of an election will be found totally
inadequate to bring about a change of circum
stances and produce an orderly state of society.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I agree
to almost all that my honorable friend from
Maine has said. I agree to all the principles
that he has advocated heartily. There must
be additional force in the State of Texas; for
illustration, in order to preserve order, and
that force, probably, if enough honest and
courageous and loyal men can be found to
make it up, must be in the nature of a militia
force. But the difficulty of repealing this gen-
eral prohibitory clause will be, as it appears to
me, with a'.l deference to my friend, that it
will authorize anybody and everybody in the
State of Texas, under what they call its an-
cient militia laws—because the theory of the
majority there is that it has laws—to organize
a militia hostile to the Government that we
are undertaking to administer there, hostile to
the peace of those men whom we are trying
to protect, and that "confusion worse con-
founded " will result from leaving it in such a
condition. Now, what I propose to do is for
the time being to leave this general prohibition
just as it stands, making all military organi-
zations, as such, illegal in that State and m
these two others. Then I should hope that
speedily the Committee on Military Affairs
would report a bill which shall authorize the
military governor of the district of Texas to
select such volunteers, or to organize such
militia, selecting the loyal and the patriotic
from the dishonest and the violent, as will en-
able him to protect the peaceable and loyally
disposed persons in that State.
Now, 1 submit to my friend from Maine
whether there is not great danger, if yon leave
the door entirely open in the State of Texas to
the formation of militia, that you will find a
militia formed, a majority of which, at least,
will be as hostile to your present government
and to your present order as the disorganized
elements of disturbance that exist, there now
are. 1 should certainly fear it from the com-
position of that society. Hence, the only safe
militia, the only safe local assistance that you
can obtain, must be a selected militia, selected
by the government of that State, whether you
call it military, or provisional, or civil, selected
under the authority of Congress (which may
provide for such things constitutionally) from
that portion of society who are desirous of
upholding order and maintaining government.
For such apnrpose I should hope that the Mili-
tary Committee would bring in a bill speedily,
II because unquestionably the state of things
there demands it, and demands it strongly.
Bat, in advance of that, to repeal everything
that we now have as a safeguard against unlaw-
ful and illegal organization, whose purpose
would be to overthrow the order that "we desire
to maintain, would, it appears to me, be- ex-
ceedingly unwise. This- is the reason,1 Mr;
President, why, with entire deference to my
friend, it appears to me it is better as to those
States, for the moment,. until we can make
special provision, to leave the law as it is.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I eouM
hardly believe that I understood aright the
honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr. 'Henii 
ricks] when he expressed his disapproval-of
this general measure, without allusion to the
particular amendment pending. I have been
taught by a somewhat long experience that
the things which this subject brings up were
prominent among the complaints made in the
country by those holding the political senti-
ments of which the Senator from Indiana is a
distinguished exponent. According -to the
complaints to which I refer, I supposed that
the two great offenses committed by one of
the political parties in this country were, first,
denying equality to certain of the States in this
Union and establishing discriminations and
disabilities applicable to them which were not
and could not be imposed upon the adhering
States ; and second, in so arranging the police
(if I m ay so style it) in the lately rebellious States
that the force employed there to preserve order
was drawn from the regular Army, and was
an onerous and wicked tax upon the people
of the country.
Surely I cannot be wrong in supposing that
for months and for years the political organi-
zation which holds sway in this Chamber has
been on trial and kept on trial for nothing more
often or more constantly than for the two mat-
ters to which I draw attention. Here, now, is
a proposition to put an end to all possibility of
complaint in both these regards; first, to
restore to their old sovereignty, as we used to
hear it called, to their Statehood and equality,
all the communities in recent years ostracised;
and second, to deduct from the budget of esti-
mates that unascertained sum, that unknown
quantity, which, in Democratic rhetoric, has
been one of the most enormous sums which
ever entered into the expenditures of this
nation ; that sum, whatever it may be, which has
been rendered necessary by the fact that any
force of the regular Army has been employed
in preserving order in the South. According
to this bill hereafter Alabama, like Indiana, is
to be permitted, through her own sheriffs, to
call out her own posses, and to be permitted in
all respects to guard' and conserve her own
tranquillity in her own way,atherown expense
of military organization, and the national Treas-
ury is to be emancipated from that onerous and
shocking servitude to the supposed conven-
iences of the South or of one party in the South,
which, as 1 say, has constituted one of the
crying evils by which the hearts and the inter-
ests, material and otherwise, of the people of
this country have been wrung.
Now, sir, I can hardly understand how it is
that after all the education we have received
in the press and on the stump, and in this
Chamber, as to the impropriety of both con-
ditions of thiugs which this bill is intended to
remove, we should be discouraged when now,
on the motion of the majority of this Chamber,
we propose to do in two essential respects the
very things which we are told should have
been done long ago.
As to Texas, Virginia, and Mississippi, there
is undoubtedly, it seems to me, a distinction to
be made, at least in estimating the probable
workings of this proposition. I rose, how-
ever, not to speak of that, but of the general
view which struck me. Unlike the honorable
Senator fiom Indiana, I shall vote for this bill
with a very tolerable security that it will make
thiugs no worse in the South than they have
been recently, no worse than they are now;
that any change is likely to be for the better,
and that it will enable us in the -majority at
