1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1785
dred and seventy-six, in the elapse for defray-
ing the expenses of suits in which the United
States are concerned, to strike out the follow-
ing words:
Including legal assistance to the Attorney Gen-
eral and other special and extraordinary expend-
itures in eases of the Supreme Court of the United
States in which the United States are concerned.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
seven hundred and eighty-two the following
proviso:
Provided, That the second section of the act of
August 2,1861, entitled " An act concerning the At-
torney General and the attorneys and marshals
of the several districts," be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight hun-
dred and twenty-eight, in the appropriations for
the War Department, before the word "clerks"
to strike out "four" and insert '"five; " and
in line eighthundred and twenty-nine to strike
out" $25,080" andinsert ''$26,480;'' so that
the clause will read :
Office of chief engineer :
For four clerks of class four, four clerks of class
three, five clerks of class two, three clerks of class
one, two messengers, and one laborer, $26,4^0.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill down to the appropriations for the Navy
Department.
Mr. GRIMES. I move, in line nine hundred
and one, on page 37, to strike out the words
"Assistant Secretary of the Navy, §3,500;"
and after the words " chief clerk" to insert
" of the Navy Department;" so that the clause
will read:
For compensation of the chief clerk of the Xavy
Department, £2,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move in line nine
hundred and four to strike out "four" and
insert " two," and in the same line to strike
out "five" and insert " three so that it will
read:
Two clerks of the fourth class, three clerks of the
third class.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not understand that
the cutting down of the appropriation alone
will prevent the clerks from being employed,
as they will bring it in as a deficiency hereafter.
The number of clerks is fixed bylaw.
Mr. GRIMES. I have got a provision which
I propose to offer which will cover that.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill.
Mr. GRIMES. In line nine hundred and
twenty-eight I move to strike out "two" and
insert " one and in the same line to strike
out " three" and insert " two so as to allow
one clerk of the third class and two clerks of
the first class in the Bureau of Equipment and
Recruiting.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. In line nine hundred and
fifty-three, in the appropriations for theBureau
of Provisions and Clothing, I move to strike out
"three" and insert "two and also to strike
out the word "class" and insert "two;" so
that it will read "two clerks of the third class,
two clerks of the second class."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I new move to add after the
word "dollars," in line nine hundred and
sixty-three, the following:
And the office of Assistant Secretary of the Navy-
is hereby abolished, and no clerks or other employfis
shall be appointed or employed in the Navy Depart-
ment exeept such as are provided for in this act.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Senator
to explain that amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I am asked by the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations to
explain the amendment. My purpose has been
in offering the amendments that have bee*
adopted, and in offering the one which is now
under consideration, to restore the Navy De-
partment to something toward the condition it
was in at the beginning of the war. The Sen-
ate has already adopted some amendments in
regard to the clerks, which reduce the number
that are now authorized but do not reduce them
to the number allowed in 1861. I do not know
that it is necessary to explain the amendments
that have already been adopted. They had at
that time thirty-six clerks. After the war had
progressed about a year and a half we con-
cluded that it was necessary to hare an Assist-
ant Seeretary of the Navy. The purpose, I
will say, was to secure the services of one who
was an expert in the naval profession, a gen-
tleman who was familiar with the personnel of
the Navy and with its detail, and with the con-
struction of ships, engines, &c.; and during
the time that the war lasted he remained in
that position. Now, I am unable to see any
necessity or propriety in having another civilian
appointed to hold the office and receive a salary
of §3,500. The proper way in which to con-
duct the Navy Department, if we are going to
have a civilian at the head of it, is for the Sec-
retary to detail a naval officer to act for the
time being as Assistant Secretary of the Navy.
Therefore I propose to strike out the Assistant
Secretary, who knows nothing about his busi-
ness. is a civilian, and allow it to stand as it
stood up to 1802.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It becomes
necessary on account of the amendments that
have been adopted on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Iowa to make other amendments.
In line nine hundred and eight I move to
strike oat "thirty" and insert "twenty," and
in line nine hundred and nine to strike out
"'four" and insert "three;" so as to make the
appropriation $20,340 instead of $33,440.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On page 38,
line nine hundred and thirty, I move to strike
out "eleven" and to insert "eight," and also
to strike out the word " two" and insert "four;"
so as to make the appropriation $8,400 instead
of 811,240.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On page 39,
line nine hundred and fifty-six, I move to
strike out "twenty-one" and insert "four-
teen," and also to strike out "eight" and
insert "six;" so as to make the appropria-
tion §14,640. These amendments are to make
the sums conform to the amendments already
adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With the permission
of my colleague, I should like to offer an
amendment to a previous part of the bill, as
I shall not be here during the first part of the
evening session.
Mr, MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senate
do not now object. I have no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment is on
page 9, after line two hundred and eight, to
insert:
For paving the main walkthrough the grounds of
the Botanic Garden with some uniform and durable
material, 811,000, under the direction of the architect
of the Capitol extension.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line ten hundred and
fourteen, under the head of " Post Office De-
partment," after the words "female clerks,"
to strike out the words "at 31,200 each ; " so
as to read: " fifty female clerks, $60,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ten hun-
dred and twenty-seven, at the end of the appro-
priations for the Post Office Department, to
strike out the following clause :
For temporary clerks, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was under the head of
" Department of Agriculture," in line ten hun-
dred and thirty-eight, to insert "translator,
$1,600."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ten hundred
and forty-two, to strike out "two" and insert
" three," and to strike out "$3,600" and in-
sert " $5.400;" so as to read: " three clerks
of class four, $5,400."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ten hun-
dred and fifty-nine, to strike out " $06,720,"
as the total amount of the appropriations for
the Department of Agriculture, and to insert
" $70,120."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY. I offer an amendment to
come in at the end of line ten hundred and
sixty-three.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it is just as
agreeable to the Senator I should like to get
through with the amendments of the commit-
tee first-
Mr. FERRY. I have no objection ; but we
have been pursuing the other course, and we
have just reached this point.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations wasinthe contingencies for the
Agricultural Department, to insert after line
ten hundred and seventy-one :
For eases for museum, repairs of furniture, fences,
and water, $2,500,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
ten hundred and seventy-five :
For improvement of the grounds, 815,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was under the head of
" Branch Mint at Denver," to insert '•
For Superintendent, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
eleven hundred and thirty-one the following
proviso :
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized, whenever in his judgment and in
the judgment of the Director of the Mint it is for the
interest of the United States to do so, to receive on
deposit at the Mint of the United States, and thesev-
eral branches thereof, refined gold and silver bullion
suitable for coinage, and in payment thereof to de-
liver to the parties making such deposits anparted
bars at such rates and upon such terms and regula-
tions as shall be prescribed by the Director of the
Mint, subject to the approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask that
that amendment may be passed over until the
chairman of the Committee on Finance shall
be in his place. This subject was considered
and acted upon in the Committee on Finance,
and reported adversely.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will
come up again in the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no ob-
jection to its being passed overfor the moment.
Mr. STEWART. I am very much in favor
of* this amendment, and desire to explain it. I
think the Senator from Vermont,when he hears
the explanation, will agree to it.
Mr. COLE. Let it be passed over until the
bill comes into the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
passed over.
The next amendment was under the head of
" independent Treasury," in line eleven hun-
dred and fifty-nine, to strike out " $15,000"
and insert "$25,200;" so as to make the
clause read:
For salaries of the clerks and messengers in the
office of Assistant Treasurer at Boston, $25,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eleven hun-
dred and sixty-two, to strike out "$75,000"
and to insert "$135,734;" so that the clause
will read:
For salaries of clerks, messengers, and watchmen
in theoffiee of tho Assistant Treasurer at New lork,
$135,734.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eleven
hundred and sixty-six, to strike out " fifteen"
and insert "twenty-four:" so as to read:
For salaries of clerks, messengers, and watchmen
in the office of the Assistant Treasurer at Ptiilsdel-
phia. 824.000.
The amendment was agreed to.
