THE' CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
December 15,
least to accept gracefully the true issue which
has been afforded us so copiously heretofore,
and to learn from our enemies, at least so far
as to pijt in practice an experiment which they
thought would have been wholesome long ago.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President,. I do
not intend to be led into a discussion of the
past policy of the majority party of the coun-
try at this time; but, in reply to tie Senator
from New York, I intend to go only so far as
to say that there was much complaint made of
his party because at the meeting of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress that party found in the south-
ern States established governments with ma-
chinery working, courts established, and for
the purpose of breaking those governments
down and establishing in their stead govern-
ments for the time being resting upon military
authority, to be followed by governments rest-
ing upon the consent of but a part of the peo-
ple, the military power of this Government, at
great expense to the people, was used. That
was a matter of Complaint, and I thiuk it will
stand in history against the party as a great
offense to the interests of the country.
But, Mr. President, it was thought advis-
able by the majority party to declare by law
that in the southern States, because of the
condition of society there, of its divided char-
acter, there should not be military organiza-
tions. That is your law. For what reason
was that law enacted? Upon what policy was
it declared ? And what has occurred since to
change your policy, to remove the reasons
that induced you to establish the law ? Is it
the conduct that wc have read so recently of
in the newspapers where private rights are
crushed beneath the foot of an irresponsible
local military power? Is it because by that
military power men without trial have been
executed ? Is it because the fiee election in
one or more of the States has been denied to
the people through an irresponsible local mil-
itary authority? Js this the teaching that has
induced the majority party to change its policy
and now to propose to repeal the restriction ?
It was to that feature of this question that I
called attention.
I desire, sir, lo see governments once more
restored in the southern States based upon the
American idea that the people govern. The
governments hi the fall of 18Ci> did rest upon
that idea. You have reversed it; and I repeat
that if we are to have a military government
1 prefer a military government that shall be
under some safe or reasonably safe control.
The military authority that is springing up in
some of the localities is destiuctive of liberty
and of personal safety. And is it because the
information we have teaches this that you
propose now to repeal a law which you de-
clared at one time to be necessary? Thi3 was
the inquiry I made. 1 want to know why it is
to be repealed; what are the purposes for
which the military power of the United States
is to be withdrawn, to be substituted, I sup-
pose, by an irresponsible local military force?
The danger of that ia this: your policy has
placed one portion of the community, a mi-
nority of the community in many of the States,
in absolute government over the majority ;
and to maintain that you have to resort to
military power.
Military power is not ordinarily looked to
for the preservation of the peace of society.
We do riot in the State of Indiana nor in the
State of Maine look to an array to maintain
the peace and quiet of society. We look to
the law ; we look to the courts. The only ne-
cessity in these southern States for the main-
tenance of a large military force results from
the fact that you have attempted to reverse
the American doctrine and to declare that by
force the power of States shall be placed in
the hands of a minority, and that a majority
shall be governed by a minority, stripping
classes of the right to participation in the gov-
ernment of a country, and then by force gov-
erning them. That is the necessity. Do away
with that necessity; establish law; restore
government to the people; let all participate
who are willing to obey law, all who honor
the Constitution and respect the-flag .of the
country now; let them come in and partici-
pate in the government of the States, and there
is no need of' looking to a military fo.rce to
maintain local order. .Law does its work; but
when law is broken down, and in its stead mere
power is asserted, then you must have your
military force.
I thiuk it was due to the Senate that the
chairman urging the passage of this bill should
explain the necessity for its passage now and-
the considerations which governed the coml
mittee in,making the recommendation. Ishals
join with any Senator in any measure that
shall restore the civil law—that government
which the people of this country have been
accustomed to where they themselves govern
themselves. When an outside power is to
govern, then it is expensive; then you have
to resort to a military force.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, it strikes
me that what the honorable Senator from
Indiana has been indulging us with is a very
good part of the old story which I thought we
had pretty much heard over. Why, sir, can
ho see no difference which should exist in the
opinions of gentlemen on thisside of the Cham-
ber—to use the word metaphorically—with ref-
erence to the condition of things which led to
the passage of that law, and the condition of
things which calls or might call for its repeal ?
We all know, sir—the fact can not be disguised—
that the great majority of the people, or the
great majority of those who represented in this
Chamber and in the other House of Congress
the majority of the people, had no confidence
whatever in the governments established by
the President and under his authority in these
formerly rebel Slates; and they believed that
to put into their hands or to keep in their
hands a power to strengthen themselves by
military force was only aiding to peipet.uate
that power and to perpetuate difficulty and
trouble which we thought should be put an end
to in another way.
Now, sir, it is well known that I have not
agreed with all the details of the legislation
which has been adopted here in Congress to
the end that I have been speaking of. But
legislation has been adopted of an entirely dif-
ferent character, leading to the reconstruction
of the States, leading to the formation of civil
governments, which civil governments, when
formed, were to he preeminentand were to have
the control of the civil affairs in those States.
For myself, I was not exactly convinced that
when those governments should be formed by
the people they would be able to sustain them-
selves in all instances, such was the character
of the population and such was the natiue of
the feeling existing in those States; and if I
may claim to myself at all anything of the spirit
of prophecy, I think it has turned out so in
somo small degree, to say the least of it. But,
sir, governments have been established inmost
of them—governments of the people.
The honorable Senator talks about putting a
majority into the hands of a minority. What
we have been aiming at all along, and have ac-
complished so far as it could be accomplished,
was to put the power into the hands of the ma-
jority of the people and to take it out of the
hands of a minority which had always exercised
it before and which claimed to exercise it now,
and in whose hands the honorable Senator and
the party with which he acts wish to continue
it henceforth and forever. That is the truth of
it. It is not that we desire to put the power or
keep it in the hands of a minority. No, sir;
let the majority rule in the true democratic
sense of the word, and not the majority of a
small minority who claimed to govern all
within their view. And that is the offence that
we have committed.
But, sir, we have abundant proof—proof
which philosophy would teach any man we
must have—that so long as power continues in
the hands of a class where the honorable Sen-
ator would have desired to keep it always the
result must be a state of society which it would
take long to reorganize, long to bring it into
order, long to make peaceable and orderly ;
and that is what we have seen. Rebellion left
these States without government. Rebellion,
• of course, left them in the very worst possible
condition in the world for such apopulation: the
great majority of the white population unedu-
cated, and a very large portion of it disorderly
from its very nature, poor, having been op-
pressed, and having and feeling no responsi-
bilities; and added to that another class of
freemen come into existence as freemen, per-
haps in a very small degree prepared for it,
but which, I must say, has shown wonderful
adaptation to an orderly state of society, con-
sidering all the circumstances.
Now, sir, what is the result? The result is
that we find civil governments in those States.
The result is that we have withdrawn sub-
stantially the military power which kept all
these disftrderly elements in a state perhaps of
comparative fear of offending against the law.
We have withdrawn that power, leaving sub-
stantially to General Reynolds and other offi-
cers who have the command of troops and
who have the power-to a certain extent in
those States, as they say, no sufficient author-
ity and no sufficient force to enable them to
keep these people in order. Well, now, what
are we to do? Are we to increase the military
force of the United States ? Such would seem
to be the course pointed out by the honorable
Senator from Indiana, either that or to leave
them as they are, disorderly, uneducated, pre-
judiced, ignorant, violent, having no respons-
ibilities to society that they care about, and
desiring and wishing to keep up precisely that
same state of things for their own benefit.
Something must be done, sir. Are we to leave
them as they are? That such astaie of things
does exist we have proof that cannot be de-
nied, certainly not as to the State of Texas
and some others of those States.
Do yon call for an increase of the military
force of the United States, and placing them
under strict military discipline? That is not
whatthehonorableSenatorfrom Indiana would
recommend in words, however his argument
may seem to point in that direction, lie cer-
tainly would not wish to leave them as thty
are. What, then, is the only other course ?
There are civil governments there. Give them
the power to organize the militia of those
States; give them the power to repress vio-
lence by force; it is the only thing that can be
done. Talk of the moral effect of' an election
upon such a people as that I Why, sir, they
care no more about it than for the whistling
of the idle wind. It must be force, to be exer-
cised by men who dare to exercise it. Whether
or not we have such men iu power, chosen by
the majority of the people of those States, f
do not know; but I know what would be their
plain duty. Since Congress decided that it
would have these States organized under civil
governments and readmitted here at this period
of time—whether ready or not it does not
become me to say—what is the course to be
pursued ?
If disorder and violence exist do not say to
them, "You shall stand still and be murdered,
and you shall stand still and have your houses
burned over your heads; you shall" have secret
organizations pointing to violence always."
Not at all, sir. Give them power to put down
violence by force, and by that force which the
Constitution of the United States recognizes as
the proper force, the same that exists in Indi-
ana, the same that exists in the other States of
this Union which have not been troubled as
these have been by rebellion and civil war.
The only question, as I understand, now is
whether the same rule shall be extended to the
States that are not thus organized ; and to that
point I addressed my remarks before. But that
it is clear that you must do something must be
evident to the mind of every man. Really I
cannot see the propriety, under the circum-
stances, if we have organized governments in
these States, of saying to those governments
thtey shall not have the ordinary power which
