1786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
The next amendment was in line eleven
hundred and sixty-nine, to strike out " $6,000"
and insert " $10,550;" so that the clause will
read:
For salaries of clerk*, messengers, and watchmen
in the office of the Assistant Treasurer at St. Louis,
$10,550.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eleven hun-
dred and seventy-two, to strike out "$6,000"
and insert "$9,600;" so that the clause will
read:
For salaries of clerks, porter, and watchmen, in the
office of the Assistant treasurer at New Orleans,
39,600.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to move an amend-
ment by way of substitute for that amendment
of the committee. I propose to make it an
appropriation of $10,600.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask '.he Sen-
ator not to press that motion now, but to offer
it after the committee's amendments shall have
lieen disposed of.
Mr. KELLOGG. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eleven hun-
dred and seventy-five, to strike out "$5,000"
and insert " $6,900;" so as to make the clause
read:
For compensation to stamp clerk, cashier, and
clerk in the othce of the Assistant Treasurer at San
Francisco, S6,'900.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike outlines
eleven hundred and eighty and eleven hundred
and eighty-one, as follows:
For salary of the cl erk to the acting Assistant Treas-
urer at Denver, 51,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eleven hun-
dred and ninety, to strike out "$3,000" and
insert''$7,000;" so as to read:
For salaries of clerks and messengers in the office
of the depositary at Baltimore, $7,0il0.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eleven hun-
dred and ninety-two, to strike out "$8,000"
and insert "$14,850;" so as to make the clause
read;
For salaries of oleTks in the office of the depositary
at Cincinnati, $14,S50.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line eleven
hundred and ninety-seven, to insert:
For salaries of additional clerk and additional com-
pensation of officers and clerk under act of Auprust
18-10, for the better oiganization of the Treasury,
at such rates as the Secretary of the Treasury may
deem just and reasonable, $60,WOO.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WHYTE. I desire to offer an amend-
ment by way of an additional section.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The amend-
ments of the Committee on Appropriations are
all acted upon, except the amendment on the
forty-sixth page, which was laid over on ac-
count of the absence of the chairman of the
Committee on Finance. I will not call that up
now, I will now hear the amendment of the
Senator from Maryland.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to add as an additional section the following:
And be it further eilactpd, That the clerks, messen-
gers, watchmen, and laborers, or other persons, male
or female, now employed at Washington, District of
Columbia, ar, n salary fixed by law, or by regulations
of a Department, in the State, War, Navy, Interior,
Agricultural, and Post Office Departments, including
the Attorney General's office and city postofiice, and
the bureaus or branches of the several Departments
herein named, who are paid at a rate not exceeding
$1,800 per annum, shall bo allowed an add 'ional
compensation of ten per cent, on the amount of sal-
ary or pay received or that shall be received by them
respectively, during the past and present fiscal year;
and that the necessary amount to pay the same is
hereby appropriated out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. FERRY. Upon that amendment I shall
have to ask for a division by yeas and nays;
and I hope the question will no't be taken until
after the recess.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me suggest to who-
ever offers that amendment—I did not observe
who offered it—that we let this bill get into the
Senate, and when the Senate is full it can be
offered there.
Mr. WHYTE. I offered the amendment
just at this moment, knowing that we should
take a recess in two or three minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not offer it in the
Senate? Let us get the bill reported to the
Senate. We shall not do any business if we
keep these bills in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WHYTE. I have no objection to with-
drawing it temporarily.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the bill be reported
to the Senate, and then it can be offered.
Mr. FERRY. I wish to offer an amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The time
for taking a recess is so near that we can do
no further business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. With a view of getting
this bill reported to the Senate, I move to ex-
tend the time for taking a recess ten minutes.
Mr. RAMSEY. Five minutes are enough.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suppose there
will be no objection to that.
Mr. WILLEY. There are a great many
amendments yet to be offered to the bill.
Mr. NYE. I hope the Senator from Illinois
will not press his motion, as I understand that
when the bill gets into the Senate no individual
outside of a committee can offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You can amend in the
Senate just the same as in committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be as open to amendment when it gets into
the Senate as it is now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to extend the
time for taking a recess ten minutes.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
is made. The hour of half past four o'clock
having arrived, the Senate will, according to its
order, take a recess until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled atseven o'clockp. m.
KANSAS PACIFIC RAILWAY.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, there is a
joint resolution from the House of Represent-
atives, No. 468, to change the name of the
Union Pacific Railway Company, eastern divis-
ion, to the Kansas Pacific Railway Company.
I move that the committee, to whom it was
referred, be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that the Senate proceed to its
consideration. I see no objection to it at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
taken up if there be no objection.
By unanimous consent, the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad was discharged from the
further consideration of the jointresolution (H.
R. No. 468) authorizing the Union Pacific Rail-
way Company, eastern division, to change its
name to the Kansas Pacific Railway Company ;
and the Senate as in Committee of the Whole
proceeded to consider it.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1880 to remove disabilities, which has been
read. I simply want a vote. I will say to the
Senate that there are some disputed names,
and it is better to let a vote be taken and let
the bill go to a conference committee as the
other bill has gone. It is almost impossible to
examine these names in the separate Houses.
The House committee have papers that we
have not. The other bill is before a conference
committee. Let the vote be taken on this, and
I will advise the House to have a conference
on this as on the other bill.
Mr. DRAKE. I object to taking up the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
bill cannot be considered, another matter being
now pending.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 2006, being the post route bill. There is
no new legislation in it, and probably the Sen-
ate will pass it without reading by unanimous
consent.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (U. R. No. 2006) to establish certain
post routes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the
chairman of the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads whether this bill contains anything
more than simply the ordinary routes?
Mr. RAMSEY. Nothing else in the world.
There is no new legislation in it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I move
that the reading of it be dispensed with.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The read-
ing may be dispensed with if there be no ob-
jection. No objection is made, and the read-
ing is dispensed with.
Mr. RAMSEY. There are amendments re-
ported by the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The PRESIDENT pro t mpore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendments reported
by the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended ; and the amendments were concurred
in. The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
SPRINGFIELD LINCOLN MONUMENT.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the bill
of the House to authorize the Secretary of War
to place at the disposal of the National Lincoln
Monument Association of Springfield, Illinois,
damaged and captured cannon. It is House
bill No. 2009.
There being no objection the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole,proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 2009) to authorize the Sec-
retary of War to place at the disposal of the
National Lincoln Monument Association, at
Springfield, Illinois, damaged and captured
ordnance. It is a direction to the Secretary
of War to place at the disposal of the National
Lincoln Monument Association, atSpringfield,
Illinois, such damaged and captured and other
bronze and brass guns and ordnance as may be
required, out of which to cast the principal
figures to be incorporated into the structure,
the material to be delivered to the association
at Springfield, Illinois.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I shall not
object to this bill; but I give notice now that
I will object to any more of these bills. We
have passed them for everybody that has asked
for them, and are stripping the Government
of all the raw material it possesses if it should
ever have occasion for the manufacture of aiy
more cannon.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out in the
sixth line the words "and other." It now
reads "such damaged and captured and other
bronze and brass guns," which would include
not only damaged and captured guns but all
other guns.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Read the rest of it.
Mr. GRIMES. "Such damaged and cap-
tured and other bronze and brass guns and
ordnance as may be required."
Mr. WILSON. That means damaged guns.
Mr. GRIMES. No ; it says " such dam-
aged and captured and other bronze and brass
guns." It includes every gun belonging to the
Army. I move to strike out the words " and
other."
Mr. TRUMBULL. That amendment may
defeat the bill. The design here is not to take
anything that is serviceable to the Government.
Mr. GRIMES, I suppose :t is not the
design, but we should have our legislation
accurate.
