1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1787
Mr. TRUMBULL. It cannot receive that
construction, f apprehend.
Mr. GRIMES. It cannot receive any other,
grammatically or legally.
Mr. TRUMBULL. ''Such damaged and
captured " is the language.
Mr. GRIMES. ''And other."
Mr. TRUMBULL. "And other guns."
Mr. GRIMES. What does "other guns"
mean ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. There may be captured
guns and there may be damaged cannon ; there
may be worthless guns.
Mr. GRIMES. There may be good ones.
It would give them command of our armories
and arsenals.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It would never have
that construction in the world.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no doubt the Senator
means 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have had nothing to
do with getting up the resolution. The only
difficulty about the amendment is that it will
cause the bill to go back to the House of Rep-
resentati V6S
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
TELEGRAPH TO FOREIGN COUNTRIES.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the Senate bill
No. 863, relating to telegraphic communica-
tion. That contains a provision which it is very
important should be acted upon at this session.
There being 110 objection, the bill (S. No.
863) relating to telegraphic communication be-
tween the United States and foreign countries
was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It provides that
whenever communication shall hereafter be
established between the United States and any
foreign country by means of telegraphic or
magnetic lines or cables laid in any part thereof,
in and over the v, pters, reefs, islands, shores,
and lands within the jurisdiction of the United
States, the same shall be subject to the follow-
ing conditions, stipulations, and reservations :
First. The Government of the United States
shall be entitled to exercise and enjoy the
same or similar privileges with regard to the
control and use of such line or cable and the
lines or cables connected therewith that may by
law, agreement, or otherwise be exercised and
enjoyed by any foreign Government whatever.
Second. The United States Government shall
at all times be entitled to the use of anysuch line
or cable, and the lines or cables connected there-
with, by a telegraphic operator of its own selec-
tion, to transmit any messages to and from
its military, naval, diplomatic, and consular
agents; and such messages shall be entitled to
take precedence of all other messages.
Third. The rates to be paid for the trans-
mission of any such message or messages, when
not otherwise fixed by agreement, shall be
established by the Postmaster General of the
United States.
Fourth. The lines of any such lines or cables
shall be kept open to the public for the trans-
mission for daily publication of market and
commercial reports and intelligence, and all
messages, dispatches, and communications
shall be forwarded in the order in which they
are received, except as hereinbefore provided.
Fifth It shall be at all times within the
power of Congress to determine the rates to
be charged for the transmission of messages
and communications over any such line or
cable and to fix and establish such rules and
regulations in relation thereto as it may judge
necessary.
Sixth. Before extending and establishing
any such line or cable in or over any waters,
reefs, islands, shores, and lands within the juris-
[ diction of the United States a written accept-
ance of the terms and conditions imposed by
the act shall be filed in the office of the Secre-
tary of State by the company, corporation, or
party proposing to establish telegraphic com-
munication. Subject to the foregoing condi-
tions, stipulations, and reservations the con-
sent of Congress is given to the laying and
maintaining of telegraphic or magnetic lines or
cables between the United States and foreign
countries, in and overthe waters, reefs, islands,
shores, and lands within the jurisdiction of the
United States; subject, however, to any and
all rights of property and State jurisdiction in
and overthe same; but the privileges thus con-
ferred are not to be enjoyed by any company
or persons whose line or cable, by its connec-
tions or otherwise, terminates in or extends to
any foreign country in and by which similar
privileges are not conferred upon companies
incorporated by the authority of the United
States or of any State of this Union.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to amend the joint
resolution by inserting in the second line of the
second section, immediately after the word
" reservations,the words:
And subject to the tern]' of such grants a  have
heretofore been made by Congress tor laying and
maintaining telegraph cables between the United
States and foreign countries.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest, to
the Senator from Massachusetts that it should
also be subject to laws which may hereafter be
enacted.
Mr. SUMNER. Let this amendment be
adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And then
there should be a further amendment that the
act shall be open to amendment or repeal by
Congress hereafter.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection, bat
there is a clause here that expressly says that:
It shall be at all times within the power of Con-
gress to determine the rates to bo charged for the
transmission of messages and communications over
any such line oi cable, and to fix and establish such
rules and regulations in relation thereto as it may
judge necessary.
I think the Senator will find that the powers
of Congress are sufficiently reserved.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think not.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have the
amendment I have moved acted on. It is
simply to protect the grant already made for
the Florida cable. That is all. There can be
no objection to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the Senator to insert after the word " hereto-
fore" the words "or shall hereafter."
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will see whether
that is needed in view of the clause already
here:
It shall be at all times within the power of Congress
to determine the rates to be charged for the trans-
mission of messages and communications >ver any
such line orcable. and to fix and establish such rules
and regulations in relation thereto as it may judge
neeessary.
It was so regarded in the committee, and I
should like to have action on the amendment
I have moved.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine,
it was
Ordered, That Nathan "Webster have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
ALASKA FUll SEAL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I call for the
legislative, executive, and judicial appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senatorfrom
Maine to give way while I pass the little bill
setting aside the fur-bearing islands in Alaska.
Mr. SUMNER. Thnt ought to be passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
can have unanimous consent, and it will take
no time, I shall not object.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S. 1'. No. 239) more
efficiently to protect the fur seal in Alaska. It
declares the islands of St. Paul and St. George,
in Alaska, to be a special reservation for Gov-
ernment purposes; and until otherwise pro-
vided by law it is to be unlawful for any per-
son not an officer of the United States to laud
or remain on either of those islands except by
authority of the Secretary of the Treasury ;
and any such person found on either island
contrary to the provisions of the act is to be
summarily removed; but nothing contained
in the act is to be construed to authorize the
removal of the bona fide inhabitants of the
islands permanently resident therein at the
date of the treaty of cession, nor in any way to
relate to or affect them or their property or
any rights belonging to them under the treaty.
It is to be the duty of the Secretary of War to
carry the act immediately into effect.
Mr. HOWARD. This is rather an unusual
kind of legislation. I would inquire of my
colleague what there i3 peculiar about these
islands to justify such a measure.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Alaska bill, go
called, for the protection of the fur animals
becomes a law this will not become necessary:
but this does not interfere with that in the
slightest degree. It is to prevent killing and
driving off the fur seals.
Mr. HOWARD. Does it prevent officers of
the Government who are allowed to occupy the
islands from driving off the seals or seizing
them and selling them?
Mr. GRIMES. According to the bill any-
body that is an officer, who holds a post office,
or is a justice of the peace in this District, or a
marshal of a State or Territory can go sealing
there, and nobody else.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask that it be read again.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it gives rise
to debate I must insist on the regular order.
Mr. GRIMES. It includes military officers,
naval officers, Treasury officers.
Mr. HOWARD. Let it be read again. It
is short.
The Secretary read the joint resolution.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to strike out the
words " not an officer of the United States."
That covers the ground.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. Now it will give a monopoly
to anybody who happens to have been on the
islands at the time of the purchase.
Mr. CHANDLER. It leaves the matter
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury. There is no one there except the
Esquimaux.
Mr. GRIMES. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury cannot drive off those who were there at
the time of the purchase.
Mr. FERRY. There were no white men
there.
Mr. GRIMES. How do we know that ?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
offered this resolution a few evenings since.
It was put into my hands by an officer of the
Treasury, and was drawn under the supervision
of the Secretary of the Treasury. The object
of the resolution is to keep interlopers from
the islands of St. Paul and St. George. Par-
ties go there, and the United States Govern-
ment has no authority to keep them from the
islands or to put them off after they go there,
so that they may take seal on different parts of
the islands and the Government cannot help
it. The only object of the resolution is to
keep these interlopers off, to guard the seals,
so that it may not be necessary to crcate a
large military force there to protect the islands.
Mr. FERRY. I suppose the object of the
resolution is to keep them off until a law can
be passed to regulate these seal fisheries.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire, and
Mr. CHANDLER. That is it.
Mr. FERRY. That is all there is of it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend this
