1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I03t>
Prance, or in Turkey, or in Russia, though he
might be born free and equal with us, though
he might be entitled to the inalienable rights
secured in that instrument, should in this
country possess the same political power that
a citizen born in this country should possess ?
Nobody, I think, can possibly give the Declara-
tion of Independence any such construction.
The framers of the Constitution did not mean
that, or if they did they violated their own con-
struction of the instrument, for they expressly
provided in the Constitution that no man but a
natural-born citizen of the United States should
be President of the United States. That was
a practical construction of the Declaration of
Independence. While I will go, I think, as
far as any reasonable man in this country can
go or can be desired to go to give to the citi-
zens of the United States, naturalized and
native born, equal political rights, I say that
this country has the absolute power to protect
itself from Chinamen or any other sort of
foreigners by such legislation as in its judg-
ment is necessary for the purposes of protec-
tion. And in protecting itself from these hordes
of foreigners, who may come here cither from,
selfish or hostile motives; in protecting itself
from these people living on the other side of
the ocean, it does not in any respect violate
the Declaration of Independence-
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, one remark
only, and then I shall close what, I have to say.
As I have read the Declaration of Independ-
ence, it says " all men are created equal." It
does not say, "all white men." Senators
about me say it does not say " Chinamen'1 or
except "Chinamen/1 There is nothing on
the subject of Chinamen. But now since my
friend from Oregon has found in the sugges-
tion that I made on this amendment the em-
pire of China and all her millions of popula-
tion, I certainly shall not press it any further.
I conceived that in making the suggestion 1
did I was adding something to the improve-
ment of the pending proposition. I find I have
opened an immense debate, and therefore 1
ask leave to withdraw tte amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS^ Before the Senator
from Massachusetts takes his seat I wish to ask
him one question.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Theamend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to move an amend-
ment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe I have the
floor for the purpose of asking a question. I
believe that about a year ago the most extraor-
dinary honors that this country has ever be-
stowed upon any foreign people in its history
were bestowed upon the representatives of the
Chinese Government visiting the capital.
Mr. SUMNER. Last summer.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understand that those
persons belonged to the aristocracv of China.
Now, I want to know if it was the purpose of
the Committee on Foreign Relations in urging
what was then done that we should bestow
honor upon the aristocracy of that old mon-
archy,. and contempt and hatred upon the
laborers of that country who come among us ?
Mr. SUMNER. So far as I can speak for
them, and certainly speaking for myself, there
was no such idea.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment. It is a modification
of the proposition that was acted on a short
time ago. It is to strike out all of section one
of the article reported by the committee, and
to insert:
No discrimination shall be made in any State
among the ciuzens of the United States in the exer-
cise of the elective franchise or in the right to hold
office in any State on account of race, color, nativity,
property, education, or religious ereed.
I will simply say that this amendment is
more comprehensive, fuller, and juster than
any amendment that has been offered, I think,
and. therefore I think it is strong enough, and
I hope the Senate will adopt it.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have debated the
phraseology of this amendment so long, andso
much debate has been exhausted upon it, that
it is not worth while to spend any more time.
I am satisfied that the report of the Judiciary
Committee, which only extends to the African
race and secures to them the elective franchise,
is not broad enough when we are about to
change the Constitution. - I much prefer the
language read by the Senator froft Maine a
while ago as the report of the Committee on
Reconstruction two years ago; but now I believe
it is wise to wipe out a multitude of discrimina-
tions in the constitutions of the several States
that make discriminations on account of reli-
gious faith, color, property, &c. In the State
of New Hampshire no man is allowed to hold
office by her constitution unless he believes in
the Protestant faith, although I believe that
provision is now practically a dead letter. In
Rhode Island naturalized citizens are not
allowed to hold office or to vote in certain cases.
In Massachusetts they exclude people who can-
not read by a test that is not practical in char-
acter and is useless.
It aeems to me, as the Republican party are
about to lay the foundation for a political creed,
that the broadest and safest and best foundation
for it is universal suffrage, protecting all men
above the proper age and with the proper resi-
dence in the right to share in the elective fran-
chise and in the right to hold office. The
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
is carefully worded so as not to exclude or
change the Constitution of the United States
in prescribing the qualifications of the Presi-
dent of the United States or of a Senator. The
Constitution requires that the President must
be a native-born citizen of the United States.
No one wishes to change that. It provides also
that a Senator shall have resided in his State
so many years, and shall, ifhe be a naturalized
citizen, be more than nine years a citizen.
This amendment does not change that pro-
vision. It only requires that in a State for
local offices no discrimination shall be made
against any citizen of the United States, be-
cause when a person is naturalized the theory
of our law is that he should be placed on an
equal footing in all respects with the native-
born citizen, except where he has been ex-
pressly excluded by the provisions of the Con-
stitution of the United States. It seems to me, if
we are to have a party platform, that this prop-
osition will give us the best one. Senators
have made this a party question undoubtedly.
The debate last night shows that it is intended
to make this a party question, and to oppose
it as a party creed. I am willing myself to
accept as a party creed the broad general
principle that every man of a given age and
prescribed residence shall have an equal voice
in making the laws and enforcing the laws of
the United States.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, I had the
honor to offer an amendment, which I intend
to call up at the proper time for consideration,
to be added after the amendment of the com-
mittee, in these words:
But Chinamen not born in the United States and
Indians not taxed shall not be deemed or made
citizens.
That is a plain and simple provision. I am
satisfied from the persistence of our friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. SumnerJ thathe willporse-
vcre until he has stricken the word " white11
from the naturalization laws; and whenever the
naturalization laws are so amended they will let
in the Chinese. This proposition of mine is
intended to prevent Chinamen from being nat-
uralized. If Senators will not now, in the in-
ception of this question, make a provision to
prevent the naturalization of these people, you
certainly cannot prevent it when the time
arrives when a mere majority will sweep the
word " white 11 from the naturalization laws.
I am satisfied, from, the determination and
persistence of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, that it is merely a question of time, a
year or two perhaps, when that word will be
stricken from the naturalization laws. As he
has stated, he has a bill before the Judiciary
Committee to effect that purpose. Now, the
question is whether we will nip this thing in
the bud; whether we will preventthe natural-
ization of Chinamen. For my .part I should
not feel that I had done the duty devolved
upon me as the representative of the Stat©
which I have the honor in part to represent
here unless I had made some effort to obtain
the action of the Senate upon this subject.
These people are coming to our shores in
great numbers.' They may in a few years out-
number our population. They bring with them
institutions of paganism which they are estab-
lishing here. In San Fraa cisco they now have
their places of worship in which idols are set
up, and there they worship them. The ques-
tion is whether you desire to allow this class
of people to come in and overthrow the Chris-
tian institutions established on the Pacific coast
by the American people, a Christian people ?
It seems to me the proposition is a very plain
one. The amendment that I offer to the amend-
ment of the committee is very simple, and I
desire to take the sense of the Senate upon it,
whether they will take this subject up now and
prevent this sort of immigration from coming
in, which is proving hurtful and destructive to
a portion of our institutions, taking possession
of the valuable mines there; and then these
pe,ople return to their own country taking from
half a million to a million dollars on every
steamer, perhaps, that leaves for China, with
them. The question is whether we are will-
ing to abandon the Pacific States to this class
of people, or whether we are prepared to take
some action to prevent them from flooding us
in such great numbers as may come if we ex-
tend the right of suffrage to them.
Mr. STEWART. I suggest to the Senator
from Oregon on this point that I think it more
appropriate to make provision on this subject
in the naturalization laws than in the Consti-
tution of the United States. This constitu-
tional amendment only relates to citizens. The
question will arise whether we can make citi-
zens of these people. I have no doubt that
the Senate or any oiber body of men, when
they come to learn the facts, will see the utter
futility of making citizens of the Chinese. You
can much more readily make citizens of the
Comanches and get them to adopt your man-
ners and customs, and they would not be liable
to such complete control as the Chinese. The
idea of naturalizing them is entirely out of the
question, as any one will see on investigation.
Such a proposition never could pass this body
after investigation. I will trust it with any man
in the world who will examine the subject.
There is too much of detail in it to go into it
now. Whenever the question of their charac-
ter and their fitness to become citizens of the
United States is examined, I venture to say
there will not be one dissenting voice upon the
impropriety of attempting to make citizens of
them in that way.
Mr. CORBETT. That may be a question
for the courts to decide. My own impression
is that it has been decided heretofore, under
the naturalization laws as they now stand,
that the word " white " excludes those people.
They are copper-colored people and stand the
same as the Indian in color, and they are re-
garded not as white people but as a colored
race. Therefore they are not recognized by
the naturalization law as it now stands. All
you have to do, in my opinion, isto adopt this
constitutional amendment and then strike out
the word "white11 from the naturalization
laws, and our friend from Massachusetts has
got it just where he wants it. Then there will be
no discrimination, and three or four hundred
thousand of these people may be brought to
the Pacific coast and take possession of it. It
is a question lor the Senate to determine. I
feel that I cannot vote for this constitutional
amendment unless there is a guarantee that the
Pacific coast shall notbe flooded with an immi-
gration of perhaps a million people of that
class. I have made up my mind that unless
there is some provision to guard us in this re-
spect I shall not vote for this constitutional
amendment.
