1788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
resolution by striking out all after the word
"remove," in the tenth line, to the word
"treaty," in the fifteenth line, inclusive.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The words
proposed to be stricken out will be read.
The Secretary. The words proposed to be
stricken out are:
But nothing contained in this act shall be con-
strued to authorize the removal of the bona fiae
inhabitants of said islands permanently resident
thereon at the date of the treaty of cession; nor in
any way to relate to or affect them or their property
or any rights belonging to them under said treaty.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Letit be read as it would
stand after the amendment.
The Secretary. If thus amended the reso-
lution would then read:
That the islands of St. Paul and St. George, in
Alaska, he, and they arc hereby, declared a special
reservation for Government purposes; and that until
otherwise provided by law it shall be unlawful for
any person to land or remain on either of said islands
except by authority of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and any such person found on either of said islands
contrary to the provisions of this act shall be sum-
marily removed; and it shall be the duty of the Sec-
retary of AYar to carry this act immediately into
effect.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that will be
adopted. I have no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to strike out the
word "such" before "person." in line eight.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the Houseof Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson", its Clerk, announced that
(he House had passed the following bills and
joint resolution of the Senate without amend-
ment :
A bill (S. No. 584) relating to the time for
finding indictments in the courts of the United
Stales in the late rebel States ;
A bill fS. No. 612) relating to the proof of
wills in the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. G(io) respecting the organiza-
tion of militia in the States of North Carolina,
South Carolina, Florida, Alabama, Louisiana,
and Arkansas;
A bill (S. No. 711) relating to the Metro-
politan Railroad Company;
A bill (S. No. 712) to define the fees of
recorder of deeds and provide for the appoint-
ment of warden of the jail in the District of
Columbia, and for other purposes ;
A bill (S. No. 722) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide a national currency secured
by a pledge of United States bonds, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof," by extending certain penalties to
accessories; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 200) reappointing
Louis Agassiz a regent of the Smithsonian
Institution.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bill and joint resolu-
tion of the Senate, with amendments, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (S. No. 167) granting lands to the
State of Oregon to aid in the construction of
a military wagon road from the navigable
waters of Coos bay to Roseburg in said State;
and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 178) tendering
sympathy to the people of Spain and Cuba.
railroads in minnesota and iowa.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, some
days ago Senate joint resolution No. 191 was
considered in part, but the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Hahlax] wanted to look into it further,
ft came from the Committee on Public Lands.
I believe now there is no objection to it, and I
ask that it be passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think we had
better go on with the regular order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This will take but a
minute.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Here is a half
hour gone.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I guess the Senator will
not object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection the bill will be taken up.
There being no objection the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (S. R. No. 191 (
explanatory of an act of Congress approved
March 3, 1865, entitled "An act extending the
time for the completion of certain land-grant
railroads in the States of Minnesota and Iowa,
and for other purposes."
The Committee on Public Lands moved to
amend the resolution by striking out from the
eleventh line the words '1 purchased by any one
of said railroads and adopted and made a part
of the line thereof," and inserting "by any ar-
rangement adopted by any of said railroads and
made part of the line thereof."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should like
to have the Senator from Indiana explain this
resolution.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In the act of 1865 there
was some very vague language used, and this is
explanatory of that language. This is adopting
the construction that the Commissioner of the
General Land Office put upon the law, which
construction, however, the Secretary of the
Interior dissented from.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. What is the
merit of the matter?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The question was
whether the grant was for the benefit of the
road, so far as it was finished at that time, or
whether it was confined to the work thereafter
to be done. The Commissioner held that it
included that which had already been done
under the grant as well as that which was to
be done in the future.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I dislike to
object to the passage of this bill, but  
Mr. HENDRICKS. If there be any ques-
tion about it I cannot ask for the consideration
of the resolution, under my understanding with
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is a
very vague explanation of it. Nobody knows
anything about its extent.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Iowa
examined it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And he does
not approve of it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If he does not I was
misinformed. The Senator from Minnesota
told me he was satisfied.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator from lowahas
withdrawn the objection he made to the meas-
ure when it was up before, I will inform the
Senator from Vermont.
Mr. MORKILL, of Vermont. He has told
me that he cannot vote for the bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. He made objection, but
withdrew it. Probably he has not paid par-
ticular attention to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Are objec-
tions persisted in to the bill?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall go on
with the appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is reg-
ularly before the Senate.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1672) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1870.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. An amend-
ment of the Committee on Appropriations has
been passed over, which will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. On page 46 it is pro-
posed to insert after line eleven hundred and
thirty-one the following :
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized, whenever in his judgment and in
the judgment of the Director of the Mint it is for the
interest of the United States to do so, to receive on
deposit at the Mint of the United States and the sev-
eral branches thereof refined gold and silver bullion
suitable tor coinage, and in payment thereot to
deliver to the parties making such deposits unparted
bars at such rates and upon such terms and, regula-
tions as shall be prescribed by the Director of the
Mint, subject to the approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. STEWART. As some question was
raised about that, 1 will ask for the reading of
the letters of the Secretary of the Treasury and
the Director of the Mint.
The Secretary read as follows:
January 19,1869.
The views presented by the Director of the Mint
relative to receiving deposits of refined bullion-suit-
able for coinage and paying the depositors thereof in
imparted bars meet my approval, and I have no
doubt if the proposed bill shall become a law. and the
discretion in this particular left to the officers of the
Mint, subject to the approval of the Secretary, that
the interests of all parties will be protected and a con-
siderable amount saved to the Government at present
lost from the wastage and expense of refining gold,
and silver bullion.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
h. Mcculloch,
Sec/etary of the Tt easury.
Hon, Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mint of the United States,
Philadelphia, January 15,1869.
Sir : I duly received your favor of the 13th instant,
incloMng a draft of a law permissive to the Mint and
its branches to exchange unparted gold or silver bars
for refined gold and silver bullion under certain re-
strictions. and herewith offer my views of the same.
In order to a clearer view of the subject I have pre-
pared the following table of deposits of domesticgold
(to be refined) at United S'ates Mint and branches
from 1804 to 1867.
1804 to 1S67, inclusive.
I Amount of gold depos-
ited.
Dates.
.c « i
go j 
Total
^ ° | amounts.
Annual
average.
j 1804 to 1827 
24
6110,000
$4,500
j 1828 to 1837 
10
5,063,000
50(5,000
; 1838 to 1817 
10
7,635,000
763,000
! 1848 to 1857 
10
415,o57,000
41,555,000
i 1858 to 1867 
10
271,690,000
27,690,000
An inspection of the table &hows that up to the
year 1848 the amount of gold requiring parting (re-
fining) was so limited as hardly to tempt private
capital to undertake refining as a remunerative oper-
ation except at exorbitant rates of charge to com-
pensate for the small extent of the business. Hence
arose that provision in the Mint law, from its origin,
permitting gold to be refined at the Mint and its
branches at rates not exceeding the bare cost of the
operation. With thesudden expansion of gold pro-
duction, however, in California from 1848, and in
AustralialromlSjl, amounting to an average annual
deposit in the United States Mint and branches of
$41,555,000 of domestic gold, the necessities of the
case started many private refineries into activity.
Tor while the Mint deposits reached their summit in
1853 and 1S51, amounting to about fifty million doi-
laisper annum, this amount gradually declined in
successivc vears, so that tho last deccnnary only
averaged §27,690,000 per annum; a^d yet wc know
that the total annual production hasnot diminished.
It is therefore reasonable to estimate that about one
half of the amount of the gold production of the
United States is refined in private establishments,
and as the same are sufficiently numerous, skillful,
and Responsible for all therefining business thatcan
be demanded, there is no longer a reason for the
Government being a manufacturer, which it becomes
by refining gold.
Moreover, aGovernmentestabhshment necessarily
demands a larger official staff, buildings commen-
surate to the position of the United btates as a world s
Power, and other sources of cost which private re-
fineries can avoid, so that the latter can and do refine
at a lower rate of charge than the Government. As
one great advantage alleged to be inherent in a Gov-
ernment refinery is the greater security ot thedepos;
itorin receiving the full value of his deposit, it is evi-
dent that this is fully secured by the Government
receiving a deposit, determining its value, paying the
depositor, and then pnssing it into the hands of pri-
vate refineries under conditions sufficient to secure
the Government from loss, Security is thus attained
both by the depositor and the Government. t In ad-
dition to security the Treasury becomes indirectly a
gainer by avoiding the losses termed wastage, Y^hich
it is impossible to avoid when gold and silver .are
subjected to fire and chemicals in the art of refining.
The difference between tho charge by the Mint to
depositors for refining and the price paid to refiners
for their operations would cover all refining wastage
to which the Government is now subject, and prop-
