THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
expressly provides that "theright of the people
to keep and bear arms shall notbe infringed''—
of course by this Government; and it gives
the reason that a well-regulated militia in the
several divisions of the country is necessary
for the protection and for the interests- of the
people. When this law was passed it was
passed, in hostility to the State governments
which then existed; There was a political
reason for its enactment. It was intended to
weaken and impair the strength and influence
of those organizations' which then existed in
the southern States and had confided to them
by the people^ or by a portion of the people,
the whole mass of local civil power.
Now, sir, that object has been accomplished.
Eeconstrnction, constituted of the several
measures which have obtained in Congress,
administered in the southern country, has re-
sulted in a reorganization of civil government
such as was desired by the political party in
the majority in these two Houses of Congress.
Now, by repealing this law, by authorizing
military force to come in aid of civil authority
in the South, and by transferring articles of
force, munitions of war, muskets, and other
articles, from the national armories and ar-
senals, additional force and additional strength
will be given tothose organizations which were
set up.
This is the simple explanation of what has
been done and what it is now proposed to do.
The parly in power in Congress passed this
law in order to weaken the then existing polit-
ical governments in the South which were not
in accord with them, which were not friendly
to them—I mean in a political sense—and they
now propose to restore to that section of the
country all power over local militia and to fur-
nish arms for their organization, because the
political power which now exists is politically
friendly to them ; and it will be another element
of influence and of power with them in main-
taining themselves in the southern communi-
ties. It will influence elections, it will influ-
ence opinion and gather elements of strength
about these organizations, and cause them to
exist in the future.
This is of a piece with reconstruction. It is
one of the features of reconstruction to with-
hold strength from those who were opposed to
the congressional system originally, and now
to extend it to those who propose to support
it. ^ I see no logical inconsistency in the course
whieh those who support this bill have pursued
as compared with that which they now pursue.
As for myself, having voted originally against
the measure because I thought Congress had
no more power to enact it than they had to
enact the other measures of reconstruction,
with perfect consistency I shall acquiesce in
the decision of the Senate. I suppose, of
course, the bill is to be passed, and I have
stated only so much to justify my own course,
which is that of acquiescing in the repeal of
this law, because, in my judgment, like other
measures of reconstruction set up by Congress,
it was without warrant of the Constitution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to modify the
amendment I proposed so as to make it a little
more perspicuous. _ I propose, after the word
"Slates," in the thirteenth line of the amend-
ment reported by the committee, to insert, the
words '' North Carolina, South Carolina, Flor-
ida, Alabama, Louisiana, and Arkansas and
af'tpr the word "States," in 'the same line, to
strike out "lately in rebellion;" so that the
amendment of the committee, if amended as I
propose, will read:
That so much of the act entitled "An act making
appropriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 3D, 1868, and for other purposes,"
approved March 2, 1867, as prohibits the organiza-
tion, arming, or calling into service of the militia
Jorces in the States of North Carolina, South Caro-
lina, Florida, Alabama,Louisiana,and Arkansas, be
and the same is hereby, repealed. '
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Pennsylvania has given us his explana-
tion why the law of 1867 was passed, and the
reason for repealing it now. I will tell- that
Senator the reason why at that , time we dis-
banded the militia "in the: rebel States. The
President, without authority of Congress and
contrary to the will of the nation, had by a por-
tion of the people reconstructed those States.
A small portion—a disloyal portion of the peo-
ple, a great minority of the people—took pos-
session of those governments, organized them,
and put them into the hands of unrepentant
and unwashed traitors. They organized rebel
militia, commissioned rebel officers, and they
wore the rebel gray and used the arms they ran
away with when the rebel armies surrendered
to our armies. This militia went up and down
the country disarming Union men, black and
white, and committing outrages upon the peo-
ple. The Congress of the United States did
not like this mode of reconstruction, and the
people did not-like it any better, and Con-
gress provided that those governments should
be provisional only, and adopted a mode of
reconstruction by which the great body of the
people in those States could reorganize them.
The object was to disband that rebel militia ;
to send them home, make them take off their
gray uniforms, and get out of sight. So we
passed a law disbanding that militia, and pro-
viding that they should not be reorganized until
Congress gave authority to organize militia in
those States. At the last session of Congress,
after we had restored to their practical rela-
tions several of those States, and admitted
their Representatives in these Halls, it was
proposed to repeal this act; but the measure
became involved in the fate of another meas-
ure, and it failed. Now we propose to repeal
the disbanding act, and the President of the
United States, in his message to Congress,
asks us to repeal it. Under these circumstances
I was a little surprised that the Senator from
Indiana should so strenuously oppose a meas-
ure that the President had so strongly recom-
mended. Most of these States, certainly North
Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Alabama,
Arkansas, and Louisiana, have been reorgan-
ized, and have loyal Governors and Legisla-
tures. Some of those Legislatures are now in
session, and they should certainly have the
privilege that belongs to a reconstructed and
organized State, to organize their own militia
for the enforcement of their laws and the main-
tenance of their authority. I certainly am sur-
prised that, anybody should oppose the bill so
tar as it applies to six of the reconstructed
States lately in rebellion.
We have had, since the adjournment of Con-
gress last summer, great outrages perpetrated
in portions of the southern country. We have
withdrawn our military forces in a great meas-
ure. We had but a small force there, only
sixteen thousand men in all the ten rebel States,
and we have withdrawn a large portion of that,
except on the frontiers of Texas. We have
had in the State of Louisiana such outrages
that at the late election sixty or seventy thou-
sand people of that State dared not go to the
ballot-box to exercise the rights of freemen.
In the elections through which we have lately
passed not less than a quarter of a million of
men were kept from the polls and kept from
voting in the reconstructed States who had
the clearest right to vote. In the State of
Louisiana we have had three orfour massacres.
One man alone, a leading rebel, boasts that he
killed one hundred and twenty men on one oc-
casion. He brags of it; goes up and down the
country boasting of it. Whether that murderer
and braggart killed, on the occasion alluded
to, one hundred and twenty or not I cannot
tell, but he did kill a large number.
Mr. BUCKALBW. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to ask the Sena-
tor if the very statement he makes in regard
to this man is not the best proof that the fact
never happened? Does not such boastful talk
carry on its face evidence that it is not true ?
Mr. WILSON. Well, Mr. President, the fact
that this brutal creature made the boast would
be to my mind evidence that it was not true ;
but we have the fact that at this massacre there j
were a great number of men murdered and a
great number wounded. The Senator from
Louisiana may know better the facts of the case
than I do. At any rate,several hundred persons
have been murdered in Louisiana since Con-
gress adjourned last July, and more" men have
been murdered in the southern States for politi-
cal reasons since Lee's army surrendered than
were slain on the field of Gettysburg. Three
or four thousand men have lost their lives in the
rebel States' since Lee's army surrendered,
murdered for no reason except that they were
eitherfreedmen, or loyal men, or "seallawags,"
or " carpet-baggers," or officers of the bureau
or of the Army.
Sir, I think we shall have more peace in that
section of the country, and I hope in all sections
of the country ; that we shall have more peace
in Congress and out of Congress, and that dur-
ing the next four years, when we have a good
man in the presidential chair, and geta very bad
man, or at any rate a very foolish man, out—a
man whose whole administration has been one
inspiration of vioWhce and wrong in the coun-
try—I' hope we shall have peace all over the
country, and prosperity and good neighborhood
and kind feeling.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I voted against
the propositions that are now proposed to be
repealed, and I did it upon the principle that
Congress had no power to enact such provisions
of law. I will now vote against the repeal for
precisely the same reason. Congress has no
power to legislate upon this subject at all,
according't.o my comprehension of the powers
of Congress. There is but one power in the
United States that can organize a State gov-
ernment, and that is the power of the people
of that particular State. Wherever a State
organizes a government it has of its own in-
herent right and power authority to organize
a militia for it. Congress has no right to
abolish that militia after it is organized. Con-
gress has no authority to invest that State with
power to organize a militia. It has no right to
prohibit that State from the organization of its
militia. The exercise of this power belongs
wholly and exclusively to the State and to the
State government. If the State governments
in these particular States are legitimately
organized they have, as a necessary and an
inherent power, the right to organize their own
militia in their own way irrespective of the
authority or prohibition or counsel of Con-
gress. For that reason I shall vote against the
repeal of a provision in an act of Congress
which Congress had no power to enact, upon
the principle that the subject is one over which
Congress has no jurisdiction whatever.
Mr. President, as the honorable Senator
from Indiana said, in the fall of 1865 all these
States had legitimate State governments. They
had governments formed by their own people,
as that term was understood both in their State
and in the Federal Constitutions. Those gov-
ernments, according to my principle, were as
legitimately organized and in existence as the
government of Massachusetts or of any other
State. What did Congress do when that was
the condition of things ? It intervened with-
out any authority whatever; it abolished those
State governments; it prescribed extraordi-
nary and unconstitutionalprinciplesupon which
State governments might be reorganized ; it
disfranchised large portions of the legitimate
governing people of those States; and it at-
tempted to enfranchise large portions of a peo-
ple that had no political power in those States
either under the Constitution of the United
States or of the respective States. Congress,
by this course of legislation, inaugurated an-
archy and revolution.
Sir, ^vliat did Congress do? It abolished
those State governments by its own will and
legislation, and it required other governments
to be organized for those States by a different
power and upon different principles from those
by and upon which the previous legitimate
governments had been organized. Whence
did Congress derive any such power as that?
By its action it imposed upon the ten southern
