1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1791
be paid as regular appointees of the office.
The Commissioner says, in the first place, that
there is 110 place to put them. He has neither
a room nor rooms where these appointees at a
fixed salary can be properly located ; and in-
asmuch as the present system costs the Gov-
ernment nothing, inasmuch as he has all this
copying done by giving it out of the office 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The honorable
Senator will pardon me. If he will state what
he proposes 1 shall be able to see the force of
his remaiks.
Mr. WILLEY. Before I state what I pro-
pose I will say that the Commissioner informs
me in his letter that last year the total sum
paid for this copying amounted to $60,000.
He says it will amount to more than that this
year. My proposition is to strike out lines
seven hundred and thirty-five, seven hundred
and thirty-six, seven hundred and thirty-seven,
and seven hundred and thirty-eight and insert
instead thereof the following:
For copies of drawing, and of records, papers, ifcc.,
the sum of $65,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to be expended under the direction of the
Commissioner of Patents.-
I offer the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That increases
the appropriation.
Mr. WILLEY. I will say to the honorable
Senator that the fees received for this copying
amounted to S60.000 last year. The business
is constantly increasing. The Commissioner
supposes it will amount to $05,000 this year.
It need not be expended unless it is necessary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. This bill also, in line seven
hundred and forty-five, makes a reduction of
the amount appropriated for skilled laborers,
and the Commissioner thinks he cannot possi-
bly get along with that reduction. In line
seven bundled and forty-seven I move to
strike out "thirty'' and insert ''thirty-four."
and consequently to strike out "$18,000''
and insert " $20,400 so as to read :
For thirty-four laborer? at $600 each, $20,400.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. There is a force now of
twelve laborers at $180 a year. To take the
sense of the Senate I move to insert after line
seven hundred and fifty the following words:
For twelve laborers at $480 each, $5,760.
That is just restoring the force there is now.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. I move to insert after line
seven hundred and fifty-one "For five watch-
men at S"20 each, $3~G00.
The amendment was agr.eed to.
Mr, COLE. I move an amendment on page
28, inline six hundred and eighty-four, to strike
out "$4,o00;'! and in the following line to
strikeout "ST,500" and to insert ''$9,000;"
so as to make the clause read:
^ For surveyor general of California and Arizona,
$3,000, and for clerks in his office, $6,500, $9,500,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Has the Sen-
ator examined that and found it to conform to
the estimates?
Mr. COLE. It is in accordance with the
estimates. In consistency with another appro-
priation of $20,000 for the work of the office,
this appropriation is required for the proper
working of the establishment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, WHYTE. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section :
Arul be it further enacted. That the clerks, messen-
gers, watchmen, and laborers or other persons, male or
female, now cmployedat Washington. District of Co-
lumbia, ata salary fixed bya law or by regulations of a
Uepai'tment, in theSrate. War, Navy, Interior. Agri-
eunural, and Post Offico Department?,(including the
Attorney General's offico and tho Department of
Mueation and city post office.) and tho bureaus or
branches of tho several Departments herein named,
who aro paid at a rate not ox"eedins $1,800 per an
nam, shall be allowed nn additional compensation
ot ton per cent, on the amount of salary or pa? re-
ceived or that shall be received by them respectively
during the past and present fiscal years; andthatthe
necessary amount to pay the same is hereby appro-
priated out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to inquire
whether this will not apply to the female labor-
ers whose salary we have raised to-day to that
of other emi>loy6s?
Mr. TRUMBULL. They are raised for the
next fiscal year.
Mr CORBETT. I understand this is for
the last year and for the present fiscal year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This ten per cent, is not
for the next year. It is proposed for the past
year.
Mr. CORBETT. And the present year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But not for next year.
The next fiscal year commences on the first of
July next.
Mr. WHYTE. The amendment is for the
past fiscal year and the present fiscal year which
will end on the 30th of June. The new appro-
priation bill commences on the 1st of July.
Mr. CORBETT. I would like to know when
the salaries of the females commence which
we raised to-day. Is it from the 1st of July
next?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The 1st of next July,
the begining of the next fiscal year.
Mr. FERRY. I should like to inquire of
the mover of this amendment what amount of
money will be required to pay this extra ten
per cent,, for the period of two years?
Mr. WHYTE. I will answer the gentleman
by saying that not being an accounting officer
of the Treasury I have not made an accurate
calculation. I know, however, that it only
adds $180 to each clerk of the highest grade
mentioned in the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to know
what past year is referred to in the amendment,
1801 or 1865. What past year does it refer to ?
Mr. WHYTE. The last past year, as a mat-
ter of coarse.
Mr. SHERMAN. It does not say so.
Mr. WHYTE. It means so. When you
speak of the present year and the past year it
means the year just passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why not go back to the
beginning of the war?
Mr. WHYTE. This is only to enable these
clerks during these high prices  
Mr. SHERMAN. The high prices com-
menced in 1S63. I think we had better go back.
Mr. WHYTE. I have no objection. If you
will propose an amendment for 1863 I will vote
for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would inquire of the
Senator from Ohio if we did not pay them
twenty per cent, two years ago?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know that. We
paid some of them. We have raised the pay
of some since that time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I make the point
of order that this is not in order under the
thirtieth rule.
Mr. WHYTE. What is the point of order ?
Mr. MOR RILL, of Maine. The amendment
contains an item of appropriation, and does
not come from any committee.
Mr. WHYTE. I had it referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations on Saturday last.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But what com-
mittee dW it come from? Who authorized it?
I inquire of the Senator whether he is author-
ized to move this amendment by any committee
of the Senate ?
Mr. WHYTE. It was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, but there was no
action on it. I have a right to offer it at this
time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I raise that ques-
tion. It does not seem to be authorized by
any committee of this body.
Mr. WHYTE. It is not necessary, as I
understand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The rule
will be read.
The Secretary read the following portion of
rule thirty:
"All amendments to general appropriation bills
reported from committees of the Senate, proposing
now items of appropriation, shall, one day before
they are offered, be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and all general appropriation hills
shall be referred to the said committee."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is not the
clause.
Mr. WHYTE. That is the clause I offered
it under.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is the first
clause.
The Secretary read as follows:
"Noamendment proposing additional appropria-
tions shall be received to any general appreciation
bill unlessit be made to carry out the provisions of
some existing law, or some act or resolution pre-
viously passed by the Senate during that session, or
moved by direction of astanding orselect committee
of the Senate, or in pursuance of an estimate from
the head of some of the Departments; and no amend-
ment shall be received whose objeet is to provide for
a private claim, unless it be to carry out the pro-
visions of an existing law or a treaty stipulation."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not in
order unless it comes from a committee.
Mr. WHYTE. I offered it under the second
clause of this rule, and I maintain that it is
perfectly proper unless I do not understand
how to read the English language.
"All amendments to general appropriation bills re-
ported from committees of the Senate, proposing new
items of appropriation, shall, one day before they are
offered, bo referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and all general appropriation bills shall be
referred to the said committee."
I offered this amendment through my col-
league [Mr. Vickers] on Saturday last, and
had it referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ation', and under that clause I am entitled to
offer it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, if the
Senator will pardon me. it cannot be offered
at all under this rule unless it comes from a
committee : and my inquiry was whether any
committee had authorized him to propose the
amendment. It has not. It cannot be pro-
posed to my committee at all unless it be au-
thorized first by some committee of this body.
That is the point. This is an additional rule
simply requiring that whenever a committee
proposes to make an amendment, having de-
termined to propose it, they must give the Com-
mittee on Appropriations twenty-four hours'
notice.
Mr. WHYTE. Mr. President, it is not 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator appeal from the decision of the Chair ?
Mr. WHYTE. I do.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is. " Shaii the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate ?"
The decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. CKAGIN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the seventy-third
line, on page 4:
Provided. That all improvements, alterations, ad;
ditiocs, and repairs of the Capitol building shall
hereafter be made by the direction and under the
supervision ot the architect of theCapitol extrusion,
and the same shall be paid for out of the appropria-
tions for the said extension and from no other appro-
priation ; and that no furniture or carpets for either
House shall hereafter be purchased without the writ-
ten order of the chairman ofthe Committee toAudit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate
for the Senate, or without the written order of tho
chairman ofthe Committee on Accountsof the House
of Representatives for the House.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. At the end of line eleven hun-
dred and foriv-one after the word ■' Treasury"
I propose to insert the following amendment:
Branch mint at Carson City, Nevada: ,
To pay a deficit on machinery and fre'gbt on
machinery from Philadelphia to Carson City, $3i.0w.
For fitting up machinery in said mint and putting
it in working order, £11,000.
Forsalariesof officer^ and clerks, for wages of work-
men, and for incidental exponses, including acids,
chemicals, and wastage, for the fiscal year ending
June 30,1870, $74,900.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We do not want
that on this bill. That should go on the defi-
ciency bill.
Mr. NYE. The latter part of it should go
on here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Perhaps the last
two items should go on here.
Mr. NYE. I have in my hand an estimate
made by theSesretary of the Treasury and the
