mm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
veuienee, who suffered. Is MissMurphey bet-
ter than all others, and to be preferred to all the
others? 1 have no hostility to this claim, but
I do not like this way of doing the thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I sap-
pose this may be a very hard case; and being
a claim in favor of a lady who is said, to be
loyal, it is quite natural that it should excite
very considerable good feeling toward the
petitioner. 1 cannot vote for the billVh'owever,
for the reason that it will, in my judgment, be
establishing a precedent that will lead unques-
tionably to a ve^y exhausting drain, to say the
least'of it, .upon the Treasurer. Now, sir, I
would ask with all due deference to General
Thomas and the engineer department, in set-
tling questions of law and right, what propriety
there is, upon any legal principle, in our pay-
ing for this property thus taken ? Our Army
go into an enemy's country and take possession
of a certain portion of it by force of arms, and
while there they find it necessary for military
operations that they should take a certain
course with regard to some property thus situ-
ated. Under these circumstances they de-
molish a house, or perhaps more than one, for
the purpose of military defense. Now, sir, I
do not know that it can ever be established that
any where, at any period of time, a hostile
force in an enemy's country, taking possession
of property for the purpose of defense is bound
to pay for that property. If gentlemen can
produce precedents and authority to that effect
1 shall bo very glad to see them, and shall theu
with pleasure, under the circumstances, vote
for this bill. By passing this bill you will be
establishing as a principle that wherever our
armies went in this hostile territory, war being
flagrant, and found it necessary to take pos-
session of what must be considered enemy's
property, for tiie purposes of defense, merely
erecting a military post or anything else of that
description, all that property must be paid for.
Sir, where shall we see the end of claims of
this description if we once open the door to
them ?
I say these things very reluctantly, for hav-
ing seen the young lady and heard all the
circumstances, my sensibilities would lead me
to vote for this bill. I should, be glad to do it,
but really I cannot consent to do so unless the
gentlemen of the Committee on Claims, from
whom it comes, will show me that it is accord-
ing to the customary and received law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The lawis the otherway.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand, as my
friend Irorn Vermont says, that the law is the
other way. The law being the other way, where
will the Treasury see the end of these claims
if you begin in a case of this description?
What will be the amount that we shall be com-
pelled to pay before this thing arrives at its
termination ? If this is the fact with regard to
it, and if such is the law with regard to it, I
ask gentlemen how they ean venture to establish
a precedent of this description? I remember
now that this case came up at the last session,
and 1 interposed an objection to it then and it
went OVei. ^ It was about passing when I inter-
posed, I did not know that it ever passed the
Senate afterward.
Mr. ANTHONY. It passed before at a
previous Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN, I did not know that.
It was the first time my attention was ever
called to it, and that was accidentally, and it
struck ma at the time that a precedent of this
kind would be of the most dangerous charac-
ter, and that we could not defend ourselves
before the community that must pay all these
bills if we began a practice of this description.
I shall vote against the bill. If a majority of
the Senate see fit to pass it the responsibility
will not be upon me,
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I think
tiiG Synats stands committed to fcho proposi—
tion that a measure like this ought to pass. I
recollect that in the case of Armes we appro-
priated §9,000, and he received the money
upon the ground that he was a citizen true to
the country, living in the State of Virginia in
the scene and area of the war; and: that his
premises, being an academy and a school, were
taken in making necessary defenses; so that
there is a precedent in the action of Congress
in favor of this bill.
Now, Mr. President, suppose this lady had
lived in a northern State and a commander had
taken her property, the home in which she
lived, had removed the buildings so as to make
a defense or a hospital or for any other war
purpose, is any Senator ready to say that he
would not vote to pay her? Would we hesitate
one moment-to vote for compensating her?
Then, I ask Senators if, in equity and justice,
her claim is any less because she lived in Ala-
bama, when it is established by testimony that
we do not question that during all the time
she was true to the country ? In the northern
Slates it was not affirmatively a merit to stand
by the Government. Public sentimentwas that
way all the time, and a man or a woman went
with the popular current in going for the cause
of the Union; but in the southern States a
party had, in my judgment, the additional merit
of stepping out and meeting the current of pub-
lic sentiment in order to stand by the flag aud
the Constitution. So I say this case is much
stronger, if the facts be as stated, than if she
had lived in Indiana or in Maine. There she
would.have had the support of popular senti-
ment ; where she lived she attested her devo-
tion to the country under circumstances that
were very strong to resist indeed.
Mr. President, I do not admit the law as
stated by the Senator from Maiue. I know
very well that in a war between independent
nations each citizen is the enemy of the other;
and why ? It stands upon the principle that
the character of each citizen is fixed by the
character of the sovereign. If the king be the
enemy of a particular nation all his subjects
are its enemies. This was not a war of a gov-
ernment de Jacto against a government dejure.
According to the doctrine maintained by Mr.
Lincoln through his whole administration, it
was^ a war, not hy a sovereign, but by the in-
habitants of the insurgent States against the
rightful authority of the Government. That
was the doctrine that governed the administra-
tion of Mr. Lincoln during its entire period,
lhen, sir, if that be^fhe doctrine, each one was
an enemy that made him or herself an enemy.
There was no sovereign who could affix upon
the citizen the character of a public enemy. If
we are at war with England all of our citizens
are at war with England, for the simple reason
that the sovereign is at war with England, not
that each citizen participates in the war; and I
ain not going to admit, I am not going to act
upon the doctrine, that in the South each per-
son was an enemy of the country. It does not
follow from any legal proposition.
Each person that participated in the insur-
rection and rebellion was an enemy, but each
person who stood by his allegiance to the
Government was a friend, and it will not do to
adopt the doctrine that obtains when there is
a war between independent sovereignties that
the citizens living within the hostile districts
are all public enemies. I do not think the
doctrine applies in this case, and I claim that
any one living in the southern States and stand-
ing all the while by the cause of the country
has a stronger demand upon Congress to be
paid for property that was necessarily taken
iu prosecution of the war than if he had lived
in a northern State.
Mr, FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the
Senator from Indiana cannot be aware, I think,
that the Supreme Court of the United States
have decided that in all matters relating to the
ordinary incidents of war, as between nation
and nation, the same rules and the same con-
sequences are applicable to the States that
were in rebellion after the war was initiated
and properly declared and was understood
that would exist between any two independent
nations. That doctrine I take to be. estab-
lished, and no other doctrine could with any
propriety be applied to the contest thus waged.
Now, sir, look at the consequences. It is
said that this young lady was loyal. I take it
that, being a young ladv, her loyalty did not
expose her to any very particular danger. She
lived quietly there, and perhaps expressed her
sentiments. Why, sir, if we admit that to be
the rule which my honorable friend from In-
diana seems now to suppose, how many are
the people do you think - in the southern
States who lost property during the war who
did not actually take particular open part m the
rebellion who would not be able to prove their
loyalty ; to prove that they did nothing what-
ever, and that all the timethey felt very friendly
to the United States Government? How much
property should we have to pay for that was
destroyed in Sherman's famous march through
Georgia and through the Carolinas ? If the
rule is that all a person has to do is to come for-
ward and prove that he took no part in the
war, and that he really occasionally said some
very kind thing of the Government, and he
is loyal, and if his property was destroyed for
military purposes, the United States Govern-
ment and the people who carried on the war
must pay for it, where are we to be carried?
Sir, destruction of property is one of the
incidents of war, no matter whether it is be-
tween two independent nations or between a
nation and a portion of its people who have for
a time mado themselves independent and a
distinct government. There is no possibility
of drawing any distinction whatever between
them in relation to the consequences of the
warfare. If there is to be such a distinction,
and this precedent is to be set, the amount
of debt that we have already incurred in prose-
cuting this war must be doubled before we get
through with it by claims that we shall have to
pay for property destroyed of one kind and
another. What is to prevent their coming for-
ward aud claiming compensation for slaves
that have been emancipated in consequence
of the war, except the effect of the constitu-
tional amendment or something of that sort
no more applicable to that than to anything
else ? All these consequences come one after
the other, and we have to meet them one after
the other as they arise.
Now, sir, my honorable friend from Indiana,
in the view he takes of all questions relating to
this contest may be right in regard to this ease.
He never has admitted that there was a war
in reality going on. He has said that there
was nothing but an insurrection down there of
a portion of people who undertook to make a
disturbance and oppose the execution of the
laws. That is the Democratic doctrine, and
that is the doctrine upon which they have acted,
and which they have proclaimed here over and
over again.
Mr. EDMUNDS. "A slight unpleasant-
ness."
Mr. FESSENDEN. "A slight unpleasant-
ness," as my friend from Vermont suggests.
That is their doctrine, and on that doctrine my
friend from Indiana can very well advocate the
payment of this claim and of all other claims
of persons who did not actually take part in
the rebellion. It is one of the things that are,
if possible, to make the war and the conse-
quences of the war and the results of it unpop-
ular in the eyes of this people, by heaping upon
them burden after burden of this description.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does the Senator at-
tribute to me any such motive as that in advo-
cating this bill?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly not; I at-
tribute no motive whatever.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then, it seems to me,
the argument is not legitimate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I say the bill is in
perfect accordance with the honorable Sena-
tor's theory.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does the Senator at-
tribute to me a desire to make political effect
out of support of a bill like this ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I said no such thing.
I attribute no motive to the Senator ; it is not
my habit to attribute motives ; and there is no
need of it in thia case, because I take the hon-
orable Senator upon his theory, upon which he
