1792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Director of the Mint at Philadelphia for the
expenses for the fiscal year commencing July
1, 1869, and ending June 30, 1870, at $74,600.
The mint will be ready to start its operations
about that time or by that time certainly. The
first item for deficiency for machinery not being
appropriate to this bill can wait for the defi-
ciency bill, but I will ask that the latter item,
$74,GOO, for salaries, &c., be inserted here.
I hate to have all the other mints in the bill
without having ours mentioned.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let the Clerk
read what the Senator proposes to offer on this
bill.
Mr. NYE. I propose to offer the amount
we want for payment for machinery already
shipped and for putting it up in the building.
The first part of it I understood the honorable
Senator as objecting to here, and therefore I
offer the last item, $71,600, for salaries of offi-
cers and clerks, wages of workmen, and for
incidental expenses, including aeids, chemi-
cals, and wastage, for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1870.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be reported by
the Secretary.
The Secretary. It is proposed to amend
by adding at the end of line eleven hundred
and forty-one:
Branch mint,Carson City, Nevada:
For salaries of officers and clerks, for wages of
workmen, and for incidental expense?, including
acids, chemicals, and wastage, for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30,1870, $74,600.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am not sure
that that is estimated for at all. Has the Sen-
ator submitted that to us?
Mr. TRUMBULL. A communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, dated January
II j 1869, I see recommends it:
"As these appropriations seem to be necessary for
puttiug the branch mint at Carson City, Nevada, in
operation at the beginning of the next fiscal year, I
respectfully request that the amounts a?ked for by
the Director oi the Mint may be appropriated.
And among them is this item of $74,600.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I believe that
is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section.
Mr. NYE. Allow me a moment farther 
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. I ask the honorable Senator
from Maine if the other portion of my amend-
ment, is not germane to this bill ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As it struck me
here I thought it was a deficiency. Let it be
read.
The Secretary. It is as follows :
To pay a deficit on machinery and freight on ma-
chinery from Philadelphia to Carson City, $31,000.
For fitting up machinery m said mint and putting
it in working order, $11,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That ought to
go on the deficiency bill.
Mr, NYE. Very well. I will not spend any
time about it. I withdraw it.
Mr. MORTON. I offer the following as an
additional section :
And be it further enacted, That the act regulating
the_ tenure of certain civil office?, passed March 2,
186/, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
-Mr. NY E. I desire to make one more amend-
ment. which 1 had forgotten. Before that dis-
cussion is ernered upon I desire to offer the
following amendment, to come in after line
fifty-three:
Provided, That of the eight clerks in the office of
the Secretary of the Senate one, to be designated the
minute and journal clerk, shall receive an annual
salary, beginning with the piosentse^ion, of $2,592 ;
and an amount necessary to pay said increased com-
pensation is hereby appropriated.
Mr. GRIMES. We have got a committee
oil that subject, I believe. J should like to
know whether they recommend it or see any
necessity for it. Tt increases the salary of one
cleik, and if you do that you have got to go
through the whole list of officers of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada.
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. CRAGIN. I wouldinquireifthisamend-
ment is in order ? Does it come from any com-
mittee ?
Mr. NYE. I have this to say, that I con-
versed with the chairman and different members
of the committee and they consented that I
should move the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question is on the amendment, and the Clerk
will call the roll.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator did not state
that it came from a committee.
. The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. He said he
had the assent of the committee, as I under-
stand.
Mr. GRIMES. What committee?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
talked to me about moving it. That is what
he means. I suppose.
Mr. NYE. I mean that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The question
now is whether it is recommended by any com-
mittee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Unless
reported by a committee it is out of order. It
is not in order. The question recurs on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Morton*.]
Mr. FERRY. I wish to say a single word
in reference to the amendment in this stage of
the business of the session. I have not in
former discussions expressed my opinion with
regard to a repeal of what is known as the ten-
ure-of-office law. I am, however, in favor of
its total repeal, but I am not in favor of embar-
rassing the closing business of the session by
appending so important an act to this appro-
priation bill. I shall therefore vote against it
as an amendment to this bill.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President. I raise the
question of order whether that is germane to
11 the subject now before us.
i. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
not a question of order in the Senate of the
United States. Whether it is appropriate or
not is to be judged of by the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not understand the
Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
is made that this amendment is not in order
because it is not germane ; and that question is
not to be decided in the Senate of the United
States by the Chair. That is a question that
Senators must judge of for themselves.
Mr. CONKLING. The Chair, then, will
submit the question to the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask that it may be sub-
mitted to the Senate.
Mr. GRIMPjS. I inquire what rule it is that
it trenches upon ?
Mr. SHERMAN. What rule is it that re-
quires us to pass a law germane in all its parts
and only confined to one subject? I never
heard of it.
Mr. CONKLING. What rule is there that
requires any title to a bill? Is there any?
Mr. SHERMAN. A law would be good
without a title.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not say it would or
would not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator appeal from the decision of the Chair ?
The question is not debatable; and the Chair
decides the amendment to be in order.
Mr. CONKLING. There is no express rule
of the Senate declaring such an amendment
out of order; and so we do not have a rule to
prevent any preposterous thing. Does the
Chair refuse to submit the question to the
Senate ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
decides that the amendment is in order. He
cannot take cognizance of questions of rele-
vancy.
Mr. CONNESS. Upon the amendment I
call for the yeas and nays. Let us vote.
Mr. HOWARD. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no question that
is in order. . It may be improper to an appro-
priation bill, but it is in order.
Mr. CONNESS. I understand the Chair to
have decided that.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Mich-
igan has appealed from the decision of the
Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did not hear that. The Chair decides that this
amendment, is in order.
Mr. HOWARD. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
! question is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. CONKLING called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Is this question debatable?
The PRESIDBNTpro tempore. Certainly;
the appeal from the decision of the Chair is
debatable.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I do hope
the Senator from Indiana will relieve us of this
by withdrawing this proposition on this bill.
He must know that there is some controversy
in regard to this question. Without expressing
my opinion now as to how I shall vote upon it
it does seem to me, as it strikes the Senator
from Connecticut, that we just endanger the
passage of the appropriation bills. We have
already laid aside one in consequence of a con-
troverted matter of this character. I submit
to the Senator from Indiana whether he will
not bring it forward by itself.
Mr. MORTON. The friends of this amend-
ment do not propose to debate it. The vote
could have been taken almost by this time if
there had been no objection made. It cannot
hazard the passage of this bill, either in this
House or in the other. It has been passed in
the other House by a vote of nearly three to
one and will not give the bill the least em-
i barrassment in the other House, and we can
j take the vote here in five minutes, and if it is
voted down, well; and if not, well; it will not
embarrass the bill bere or anywksre else.
Mr. CAMERON. I cannot consent to vote
on this question without saying a word or two.
I have said hitherto on more than one occa-
sion that I shall vote for the repeal of the ten-
ure-of-office law, but I cannot vote for this
amendment on an appropriation bill at this
stage of the session, when we shall endanger
the whole bill and may occupy the whole even-
ing upon this question. I think it is a most
inopportune time to present this matter, and
I am very much surprised that it should have
been brought in now. I shall vote when it
comes up in its naked form for the entire re-
peal of the law ; but I think the friends of
that measure can afford to wait a few days to
have it done in the proper manner. I shall
vote against this amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is whether the amendment is in order
under the rules of the Senate, upon which
question the yeas and nays are demanded.
The question is whether the decision of the
Chair shall stand as the judgment of the Sen-
ate, on which question the yeas and nays will
he called.
Mr. FERRY. I hope the Senator from
Michigan will withdraw the appeal. I have no
doubt that under the practice of the Senate at
any rate this amendment is in order. I hope
the appeal will be withdrawn. ■
Mr. CONKLING. Beforethe Senator from
Michigan withdraws or does not withdraw this
appeal I hope Senators will stop to reflectupon
the ground upon which it is taken. Nobody,
I presume, will put it on the ground that there
is a rule of.the Senate which forbids it. I say
with great respect that a more absurd and out-
landish a thing is, in respect to parliamentary
propriety, the more we do not have a rule to
forbid that. Twenty illustrations of this could
be given. Here is a proposition not only not
germane but totally foreign to the thing before
us as much as it would be to move an appro-
priation bill as an amendment to the tenure-
of-office bill, as much as it would be to attempt
