1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1041
Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer,Stewart, Sumner,Thayer,
lipton, Trumbull, Van Wmkle, Wndo, Warner,
Welch, Wi-llev, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—45.
ABSENT—Messrs. Antbony, Fowler, Grimes, Hen-
derson, Howard, Morton, Norton, Osborn, Pomeroy,
and Sprague—10.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mi*. MORTON. I offer the following amend-
ment, which is reported unanimously by the
Committee on representative Reform, to come
in as an additional article:
Article —.
The second clause, first section, article two of the
Constitution of the United States shall be amended
to read as follows: each State shall appoint, by a
vote of the people thereof qualified to vote for Rep-
resentatives in Congress, a number of electors equal
to the whole number of Senators and Representatives
to which the State may be entitled in tlie Congress ;
but-no Senator or Representative, or person holding
an office of trust and profit under the United States,
.shall be appointed an elector; and the Congress shall
have power to prescribe the manner in which such
electors shall be chosen by the people.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I would in-
quire of the honorable Senator from Indiana
whether there is any danger of a question aris-
ing in the event of the adoption of this propo-
sition in connection with this amendment of
this kind: that a Legislature might be willing
to ratify one of the propositions and not the
other, and yet both being associated under one
resolution it could not do that thing, it would
be compelled to adopt or reject both of them?
Mr. MORTON. I will answer the Senator
by saying that I propose to amend the previous
part of the resolution so as to provide for rati-
fying either article without affecting the other.
Of course it would not be proper to make one
dependent on the other.
Mr. DRAKE. If it isso statedthata Legis-
lature can choose between them, ratify one and
refuse to ratify the other, I do not think there
is any objection to coupling them, if the Senate
choose to adopt the latter.
Mr. MORTON. That point is to be pre-
cisely provided for, I will say to the Senator.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to this amendment.
Mr. MORTON. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cattell, Dixon, Doo-
liitle, Ferry, Fessenden, Fowler, Grimes, Hendricks,
Kellogg, McDonald. Morton. Patterson of New
Hampshire, Pool. Rice, Ross, Sawyer. Spencer. Van
Winkle, Vickers, Wade, Warner, Welch, Whyte,
Wilier. Williams, and Wilson—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Chandler, Cole,
Conkhng, Conness, Corbett, Oragin, Davis, Drake,
Freliughuvscn, Harlan, Harris, Howe, McCrccry,
Morgan, Morrill of Maine. Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Patterson of Tennessee, Ramsey. Robertson. Sher-
man. Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull,
and Yates—29.
ABSENT—Messrs, Anthony, Bayard, Edmunds,
Henderson, Howard, Norton, Osborn, Pomeroy,
Saulsbury, and Thayer—10.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I move an amendment to
strike out all after the enacting clause and
insert the following:
That the right to vote, to be voted for, and to hold
office shall not be denied or abridged anywhere in the
United States undci any pretense ot race or color;
and all provisions in any State constitutions or in
any laws, State, territorial, or municipal, inconsist-
ent herewith arc hereby declared null and void.
Sec. 2. That any person who, under any pretense
of rn.ee or color.willfully hinders or attempts to hinder
any citizen of the United States from being regis-
tered, or from voting, or from being voted for, or
from holding office, or who attempts by menaces to
deter any such citr/cn from the exercise or enjoyment
of the rights of citizenship above mentioned, shall be
punished by a fine not less than $100 nor more than
£3,000, or by imprisomnenr,in the common jail for not
less than thirty days nor more than one year.
Sec. 3. That every person legally engaged in pro-
paring a register of voters, or in holding or conduct-
ing an election, who willfully refuses to register the
name or to receive, count, return, or otherwise give
the proper legal effect to the vote of any citizen
under any pretense of race or color, shall be pun-
ished by a fine not less than $500 nor more than
Si.OUO, or by imprisonment in thecommon jail for not
less than three calendar months nor more than two
years.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the district
courts of the United States shall have exclusive
juHt-dietion of all oifenscs against this act; and the
district attorneys, marshals, and deputy marshals,
th  corambsioneis appointed by the circuit and ter-
ritorial court: of the United States, with powers of
arresting, imprisoning, or bailinaaffendcrs, and every
40m -No, 66.
other officer specially empowered by the President
of tho United States, shall be, and they are hereby,
required, at the expense of the United States, to in-
stitute proceedings against any person who violates
this act, a.nd cause him to bo arrested and imprisoned
or bailecL as the case may be, for trial before such
court as by this act has cognizance of the offe'nse.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, Thatevery citizen
unlawfully deprived of any of the rights of citizen-
ship secured by this act under any pretense of race
or color may maintain a suit against any person so
depriving him, and recover damages in the district
court of the United States for the district in which
such person mav bo found.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. President,
I raise the question of order that the matter
under consideration is an amendment to the
Constitution, and this is a bill; and although
relating to the same subject, it is not germane.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The point
of order is not subject to argument.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is of opinion that it is in Older. The Chair
cannot take cognizance of questions of incon-
gruity.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I had in-
tended before this debate closed to review the
arguments against the power of Congress in
this matter and to indicate what I believe to be
very important to the welfare of this coun-
try 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my honorable friend
from Massachusetts will allow me I will move
that the Senate adjourn. - This is a very im-
portant question. 1 will make that motion.
Mr. SUMNER. Not on my account.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On account of the
Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. In one moment I shall be
done. I was saying that I had hoped before
this debate closed to have an opportunity to
review the arguments, but the Senate will ob-
serve that I am not in any condition to address
them, strong as is my desire. I have not the
voice. I do wish, with my whole soul, that I
could impart to the Senate something of the
strength of my own convictions 011 the practical
importance of this measure and its complete
harmony with the Constitution of the United
States, not ouly iu its original text, but with
all its supplementary requirements. It will
lake some time, perhaps, to review these vari-
ous points and to answer the objections that
have been adduccd. Suffiec it to say, that lis-
tening to all that has been said, 1 have heard
nothing calculated to impair the strength of my
conviction both as to the power of Congress
and the duty of exercising it on the present
occasion. I believe, sir, in not exercising it
you give up now a great, a golden, an incom-
parable opportunity of securing peace to the
country. "Let us have peace;" that is the
aspiration which meets us from every quarter,
and I utter it now most solemnly, "let us have
peace.'' For myself I know no way of attain-
ing it now except through an act of Congress.
I have done my duty in presenting the measure
to the Senate. It is now in their hauds.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment, unless it is ruled out of
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
ruled out of order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As the yeas and nays arc
ordered upon this proposition I wish merely
to say, without going into any farther debate,
that I shall vote for this amendment for two
reasons: first, because I am inclined to the
opinion that Congress has tliepowertopass such
a law; and second, because I think, whether
they have or not, itis a vast improvement, over
the amendment that lias been adopted, what-
ever might be the final vote on the proposition.
I do not, by voting for it, commit myself to the
detads of the amendment, which I have not
examined. I merely vote for the principle.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 47 ; as follows;
TEAS—Messrs. Fdtnunds. McDonald, Nye, Boss,
Samnor, Thayer, "Wade, Wilson, and iates—9.
NATS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Biteka-
lew. Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Oonfiess,
Corbett, Cragin, Davig, Dixon, Doolittle, Drake,
Ferry, tfesseuden, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes,
Harlan, Harris, Hendricks, Howe, McCreery, Mtfr-
f?an, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morten,
Patterson of New, Hampshire, Pool, Ramsey, Rice,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sherman, Spenoer,
Sprague, Ntewari.'Tmmbull, Van Winkle, VrcJcers,
Warner, White, -Wiiley, ajid Williams—47. - k
ABSENT—.Messrs. Cattell, Henderson* Howard*
Kellogg, Norton, Osboin, Patterson of Tennessee,
Pomeroy, Tipton, and Welch—10.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WAKN'ER. I offer au amendment j and
ask for the yeas and nays on it. I think this
debate has shown tliat the great necessity is a
positive amendment, ' My amendment is to
strike out ail after the word "article" and
insert the following:
No State shall makeoronforce any law which shall
abridge or deny to &-ny male citizen of the United
States, of sound mind and over twenty-one years of
age, the equal exercise of the elective franchise at
all elections in the State wherein he shall have such
actual residence as shall bcprescribed bylaw, cxcept
to suckot said citizens as hare engaged or shall here-
after engage in rebellion or insurrection, or whotnay
bave been or shall be duly convicted of treason or
other crime of the grade of felony at common law;
nor shall the right to hold office be denied or abridged
on account of race, color, •nativity, property, religious
belief, or previous condition of servitude."
Mr. ANTHONY. Is that in order? Does
it not propose to amend what has already been
adopted ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It^ia not
in order to strike out that which has been
agreed to until we come into the Senate.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WARNER. I now move my amend-
ment as an amendment to the amendment
made as in committee, and I ask for the yeas
and nays on it.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was put on the amendment to
the amendment; and it was declared to be
rejected.
Mr. WARNER. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CRAGIN. Let me appeal to the Sen-
ator to withdraw the call for the yeas and naya.
We have voted many times on these amend
ments, and most of us would be glad to get-
away.
Mr. WARNEB. I should like to have the
yeas and nays.
Tlie yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 5, nays-17 ; as follows:
TEAS —Messrs. Conkling, Kellogg, McDonald,
Spencer, and Warner—5.
WAYS—Messrs. Abbott. Anthony, Buckalew, Cam-
eron, Cattell, Chandler, Cole, Conuess, Corbett, Ora-
gin, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Drake, Perry, l<ossen-
den, Fowler, Frelinghuyscn. Harlan, Harris, Hend-
ricks, Howe, McCrcery, Morgan, Morrill of Maine,
Mori ill of Vermont, Nye, Oi-born, P.ittcrson of Ten-
nessee, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Ross, Saulsbury.
Sawyer, Sherman, Sprnguo, Stewart, Thayer, Truin-
huH, Van Winkle, Vickers, Whyte, Wiiley, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Yates—-17.
AUSFiNT—Messrs. Bayaro. Edmunds, Grimes, Hen-
derson, Howard, Morton, Norton, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Pomeroy, Pool, Sumnoi, Tipton, wade,
and Welch—14.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendment made as in Committee ef
the Whole was concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the joint resolution to be read a third time.
Mr. MORTON. Is it too late to offer an
amendment?
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly it is ; the joint
resolution has been ordered to be engrossed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is too
late to offer an amendment without a recon-
sideration.
Mr. MORTON. I was on my feet, and
thought I addressed the Chair in time.
Tife PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator move a reconsideration?
Mr. MORTON. I could not do that. I did
not vote m the affirmative.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Indi-
ana was standing on the floor and addressed
the Chair: but in the confusion in the Cham-
