THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mitted tile following resolution; which wag
referred to the Committee ou Printing, under
the law:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House live thousand copies of Niles's Register, to be
put up and bound in tlie same style as the Congres-
sional Globe is now printed and bound.
ENFORCING CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT,
, Mr. SYPHER asked consent to offer the fol-
lowing resolution : . _ , : •
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
directed to report a bill as soon as practicable for the
eufoicemeiit of the third section of the fourteenth
article.of amendment tb this Constitution.
The SPEAKE R.. This resolution is manda-
tory. Is there objection ?
Mr. CHANLER. I object.
edward kindbkd.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (IT. K. No. 1551) directing
the Secretary of the Interior to place the name
of Edward Kindred on the pension-roll; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
and of the War of 1812.
issue of bonds in till! district.
Mr. INGERSOLL also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1552) to
authorize the District of Columbia and the
cities therein to issue coupon bonds and bor-
row money; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
columbia railway company.
Mr. INGERSOLL also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1553) to
incorporate the Columbia Railway Company
in the District of Columbia; which was read a
first and second limo, and referred to the
Committee for the District, of Columbia.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the various votes of reference; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
crvir, offtcks IN VIRGINIA AND TEXAS.
Mr. WIIITTEMORE. I ask unanimous
consent to oiler the following resolution for
reference to the Committee on Reconstruction :
lienolved, That nil civil offices in tho provisional
governments of Virginia and Texas, held by persons
dis(|uahtied by tho oath of office approved July 2,
lSGli. be, and the aaiuo arc hereby, declared vacant;
iind it shall be tho duty of tho commanders of tho
districts to proceed immediately to till tho vacancies
so created by tho appointment of qualified persons
who ^hnll luivo boon nominated and recommended
by the respective Governors of said States.
Mr. CIJANLHU. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
OIUIUKSTOWN NAVY-YARD.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by
the Clerk that, the joint resolution (H. R. No.
uo2) authorizing the appointment of examiners
to examine and report upon the expediency of
discontinuing the navy-yard at Charlestown,
Massachusetts, and uniting the same with the
yard at lvittery, Maine, which was referred by
the House ou the 3d of July last to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, was erroneously sent
to the Senate as having been passed. If there
be no objection the Senate will be asked to
return it, so that it may be referred to the
committee.
There was no objection, and itwas so ordered.
WAJt claims of iowa.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
commenced, and the House resumes the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1491) fixing
the amount found to be due to the State of
Iowa ou aecouut of certain claims against the
United States, which was reported on Thurs-
day last, by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Doduk,] from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
The bill was read. The preamble recites
that Congress, by an act approved July 25,
1SG0, directed the President to appoint a com-
mission to examine and report upon the claims
of the State of Iowa for forage, transportation,
December 15,
subsistence, and clothing finished by that
State to volunteeTk; also iyr the repayment,
of certain moaeys\xpen^«l by the State in
raising,-arming, equiftoijaf, paying, and sub-
sisting certain troops lithe State during the
late rebellion ; and also the claims of the State
for certain forage procured and barracks built
and turned over to the United States. It fur-
ther recites that the commissioner appointed
by the President has, after an examination of
the claims, reported that there, is due to the
State of Iowa $229,848 28, and recommended
the payment of that sum. The bill, therefore,
provides that the amount so found due to that
State shall be paid to it out of an appropria-
tion hereafter to be made.
Mr. GARFIELD obtained the floor.
Mr. MULLINS. Will the gentleman yield
to me to offer an amendment to the bill?
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire first to make a
brief statement of this matter. I regret very
much that the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Dodge,] the member of the Committee on
Military Affairs, who has charge of this bill,
is not present, and I will state in a word or two
the action of the committee in regard to it.
Under the law of July 25, 1866, a commis-
sioner was authorized to be appointed to ex-
amine and audit and report on all claims of the
State of Iowa against the United States for the
equipment of troops and expenditures in put-
ting down the rebellion that had not yet been
accounted for. In pursuance of that law Gen-
eral Buchananj of the Army, was appoiuted the
commissioner, and made a very full and vol-
uminous report, which was laid before Con-
gress and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. There were accompanying his
report some thirty documents, the titles of
which are given on page 5 of General Buchan-
an's report, which has been printed and is now
before the Houso as Miscellaneous Document
No. 110. The report of General Buchanan,
the commissioner, and the accompanying doc-
uments were examined by a sub-committee of
the Committee on Military Affairs. They re-
ported to the committee, and their report was
approved, and the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Dodge] was authorized to report this bill. The
report proper o'f the committee has not been
printed, but it is with the papers at the Clerk's
desk. It is very brief, and I ask that it be
read.
Mr. WARD. I wouldjnquire of the gentle-
man if the bill has been printed?
Mr. GARFIELD. It has not.
Mr. WARD. I think a bill of this import-
ance ought to be printed.
The Clerk read the report of the Committee
on Military Affairs, as follows:
The Committee on Military Affairs, to whom wero
referred tho claims of the State of Iowa for services
and expenses incurred during the war, have had the
same under consideration, andfind that tho examina-
tion and report by the commissioner. Brevet Major
General Robert C. Buchanan. United States Army,
under tho law of Congress of July 25,1866, has boon
iaitbfully and caretully performed; that a tali ex-
amination has been mado; that tho vouchers and
accounts have been properly audited, and the com-
mittee therefore recommend that an appropriation
bo mado for the paymen t of the claims soaudited and
rceominended in tho report of Gonoial Buchanan,
tho commissioner appointed under tho act approved
J uly 25,1SS6.
Mr. GARFIELD. Now, let me finish the
statement I desire to make regarding this bill.
The history of this bill is, in brief, this : on the
25th of July, 1866, the House of Representa-
tives and the Senate passed an act authorizing
the appointment of a commissioner to examine
and report upon certain specified claims named
in the original law. They were "claims of
the State of Iowa for forage, transportation,
subsistence, and clothing furnished by said
State to certain volunteers of said State, under
the command of Colonels Morledge and Ed-
wards, at the request of certain officers com-
manding troops of the United States in the
State of Missouri, and marched into the State
of Missouri to> cooperate with the troops of the
United States in suppressing the rebellion."
That was the language of the law describing
the class .of claims that .were prlesenfed to this
commissioner, to be by him audited, exam-
ined, and reported upon. The commissioner
was to submit his report by December, 1867,
and on the Oth day of December, 1867, he pre-
sented his report, which is printed as House
Miscellaneous Document No. 110. In that
report he states that there are two questions to
be considered ; first, what was the service ren-
dered and the necessity therefor? and, second,
were the expenditures made under the general
heads reasonable and proper and in accord-
ance with the spirit of the law in the case made
and provided? Under these two heads the
examinations were made, the accounts audited
and reported upon, and thirty supplemental
papers were forwarded in connection with his
report, as the vouchers for all the decisions
the commissioner came to in regard to the
matter. These vouchers, and all the accom-
panying documents, were laid before the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and they were ex-
amined by a sub-committee. _ The result was
the adoption of the report which has just been
read at the Clerk's desk, and the printing as a
part of that report of the exhibit and report of
the commissioner appointed to examine and
report upon the accounts. This was the order
taken in reference to all the States which have
hitherto had their claims against the Govern-
ment adjusted. So far as Congress has settled
the question at all it has settled this as the
mode of adjusting the claims of a State.
The bill here proposed recites the law under
which the commissioner was appointed, the
character of the services specified in the original
bill. Then the bill proper consists simply in
authorizing the pay men t of the amount of money
found due by the commissioner, whenever
Congress shall make an appropriation therefor.
This bill is not an appropriation bill, but an
authorization to adjust the accounts of the State
of Iowa on the basis of this report whenever
Congress shall appropriate the money. The
Committee on Military Affairs has done its
duty as well as it could under the circum-
stances. If we intend to settle this claim at
all, as we have done the claims of several other
States, 1 know of no better way than this as
the mode of settling it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman yield to me for a few moments ?
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I take it
that almost every State in the United States
has claims of a similar character to these,
arid resting upon about the same principle as
these claims of the State of Iowa. But these
particular claims seem to have been singled
out and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, upon which there is one of the most
distinguished and influential members of this
House from the State of Iowa. That committee
has reported back a bill to take this out of the
general class of claims, and asks Congress to
pass upon it. It does not propose to make an
absolute appropriation of money. I called the
attention of the House the other day to the
peculiar language of the bill, which was to avoid
a rule of this House, and gain an advantage
which the bill should not have. This bill does
not make an appropriation, but provides that
the amount shall be paid out of any money
hereafter to be appropriated for the purpose ;
and that, no doubt, was done for the reason
that if the bill had made an appropriation, as
it should have made, it would, under the rules
of the House, have necessarily gone to the
Committer of the Whole on the state of the
Union, where it could be fully and amply dis-
cussed in connection with all other bills of the
same or a similar character.
_ Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I merely wish to
state the facts in regard to the reference of
this claim to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The report of General Buchanan was first
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
That committee reported it back to the House
with a recommendation that it be referred to
