1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was a distinguished advocate of the improve-
ment of the schools in that State.
Mr. GRIMES. But not through any agency
of the Government. We took the common
school journals ; we took the various maga-
zines that were published ; and we thus learned
at our own expense quite as much as I think
we shall be apt to learn by an annual report
from the*Commissioner of Education located
here at the capital of the nation, and at much
less expense to ourselves.
Mr. WELCH. I do not think that there are
any magazines published in any State by which
any one State in the Union can obtain ade-
quate information in regard to education in
other States. There are a large number of
States in which no educational journals are
published at all, and the educational journals
that are published by some of the States do
not circulate generally in the other States. It
needs, it seems to me, some agency, whether
it be an agency established by the General
Government or not, by which any State can
get the light thus shed on the great subject of
education by other States of the Union. This
appropriation of $6,000 only it seems to me
is a very insignificant sum to be appropriated
by the General Government to so great a pur-
pose as this. _ There are very many causes
not half so important as the great cause of
education to which large sums are appropri-
ated for their advantage and progress. I know,
indeed, from the experience that I have had as
an educationist, that there are positively no
means by which any institution can gain knowl-
edge of the progress of the various interests :
of education in the other States other than
through this agency.
I do not think that this book which has been
referred to should be taken by any means as
a criterion by which to judge whether this De-
partment is to be continued or not. I cannot
see that the matter which is embodied in a
single volume published by this Department
can be made a proper criterion to judge
whether the Department should be continued
or not. ihe Department may be of immense
value to the Government and the cause of
education through future years, and yet the
book be utterly valueless. And so I may say
of the man who occupies the office. Although
believe hftn to be a man of great expression
and great enthusiasm upon the subject of edu-
cation, a man who 110 doubt fills the office with
great honor, still I do not think his success in
the conduct of the office should be made any
criterion by which to judge of the future value
°t the office. I take it that the object of that
omce is to disseminate information in regard
to the progress of thedifferentinterests of edu-
cation to each State throughout the whole
country, and I thinki it is a sad thing to'hear
honorable Senators make objections to such
an enterprise as that. Not one of them will
nave the temerity to say that -he is the enemy
or education. Indeed, every argumentisbegun
with a declaration of the devotion of the speaker
o education, just as an honorable Senator
is morning, when he spoke against the pay-
ment of labor according to the skill of the
a orer, and not according to the sex of the
aoorer, began by saying that no dollars and
ents could measure his devotion to the sex,
ana yet he was against their being paid accordi-
ng to the value of their labor ana made their
ex he criterion by which to measure the
mount of payment. The cause of education
a great cause. 1 think it is due to the dig-
nity ot this great nation that it should have a
f e!lt "?y information shall be dis-
,\?"!!nated t'!r0.u?h all the States as to the
mo. f8? F1) e 'n ea°h State in every depart-
m this greafcsubject.
, GRIMES. The reference of the Sen-
ator from Honda, to the remarks of the Sen-
?1'° made some objections this morning
1' , subject of female labor was rather mi-
f,or I recollect aright that objection
vt'L l6 ,y l!le distinguished Senator from
ermont, who is the chairman of our Commit-
tee on Education.
Mr. MORRTLL, of Vermont. Oh, no.
\fr' * ^eg ^6 Senator's pardon.
Mr. GRIMES. At any rate, he was the
gentleman who led the opposition to giving
to a woman the same compensation for the
same sort of labor and the same amount of
labor that was given to a man. Now, Mr.
President, the argument of the Senator from
rlorida amounts to this: that in case educa-
tional journals are not taken in a particular
section of the country, therefore the Govern-
ment of the United States should furnish that
section with them free; that where there is a
want of capacity and a want of inclination or
of disposition to elevate or extend or to en-
courage education in any particular section of
the country, we are in duty bound to put the
other portions of the country to very great
expense jn order to force upon that portion
u country educational periodicals, and
those only to be annual, like the large volume
that is upon our desks. The same argument
will apply to all sorts- of journals, embracing
all sorts of subjects, and the jurisdiction of this
r ederal Government would be extended into
every neighborhood and every family through-
out the country. For one, as a representative
of one State, I shall always protest against the
national Government having anything to do
with education in my State. We can take care
of ourselves. We have been able to take care
of ourselves, and so far as depends upon mv
vote I am determined that we shall take care
of ourselves.
The first thing we shall know this Govern-
ment will be grasping at ourschoolfundto sup-
1 ply some portion of the country where they are
deficient in it. I think we have gone farenough !
in that direction. Why, sir, we have laid the •
basis to-day of a veterinary college by an ap- '
propriation this evening of $9,000 to pursue
investigations on the subject of the cattle dis-
ease; the very thing that all the States of the
N orthwest are investigating now through com-
missions of scientific and practical men and
have been for two years, and yet we are going
to establish some sort of a bureau here in con-
nection with the Agricultural Department; and
| that will be swollen into a great big national
j veterinary college that mil publish a book
probably twice as big as that which the Sen-
ator from Missouri has in his hands.
Mr. WELCH. The reference of the Sena-
tor to the independence of his State from the
national-Government is rather an unfortunate
one. If I understand the honorable Senator,
he says his State does not want any help, or
does not recognize any'dependence upon the
national Government. Now, in point of fact,
that State has lately received two hundred and
forty thousand acres of land for the establish-
ment^ an agricultural college, and it is now
deriving an income of $30,000 a year for the
support of that institution. Now,isitnot proper
that this Government should look after appro-
priations of that sort, and look into its own
educational offspring in the different States ?
It seems to me that it would be well for this
Government to see that the vast amount of land
it has donated for the progress of agricultural
and industrial science is so appropriated as to
secure the great objects for which it is made ;
and that is one great purpose for which this
Department is established.
Mr. SUMNER. If my voice had not failed
me I should depm it my duty to discuss this
question at some length. So far from striking
out the appropriations for the bureau of educa-
tion I would increase them. All told now they
are but $6,000; for a Commissioner $3,000,
for two clerks $2,400, being $1,200 apiece, the
lowest grade of clerks. That is all that you
give to the bureau of education. Now, turn-
ing to the bureau of agriculture, I find numer-
ous clerks, assistants, watchmen, officers of all
kinds,with salaries making in all $70,100. Thus
much you appropriate to"agriculture, while you
appropriate only $0,000 to education. Is that
right? The Senator from Iowa says that he
does not wish this bureau to control education
in his State. Does he wish the bureau of agri-
1797
j culture to control agriculture in hi3 Slate? I
presume not; and yet I am not aware that the
benator proposes to abolish the bureau of
agriculture. "That bureau is at this moment use-
ful to the agricultural interests of the country.
Mr. G;RIMES. I will say to the Senator
that I will most cheerfully vote to abolish it.
If he will give me an opportunity to so vote
he will find that I will do so.
Mr. SUMNER. . Then the Senator would
make a great mistake.
Mr. GRIMES. That is a question of judg-
ment. J 8
. ^r' SUMNER. The bureau of agriculture
is of infinite value to the country at this moment;
and let me say that a bureau of education
properly endowed, with a sufficient number of
offi'eers and clerks to organize it powerfully,
would be_more valuable to the country than even
any bureau of agriculture.
I should not say even these few words at this
late stage of the discussion if I did not feel
unwilling that debate on this question should
close without bearing at least one word of tes-
I timony to the value of this branch of the public
j service. ^ Sir, I hope that Congress very soon
will see its way to enlarge these appropriations.
; For the present I hope the Senate will vote
| down the proposition of the Senator from In-
l< diana.
^ Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I rise to appeal
to the Senate to vote on this proposition and
; close this bill. The Senator from Iowa, in reply
| to a suggestion of mine, said there was time
t enough. I hope my honorable friend will hold
I to that opinion. Between this and six o'clock
to-morrow morning I hope with his effort we
shall be able to pass two other bills which it is
J my purpose to bring before the Senate between
; that and this time if we can finish this bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Leave out the Massachu-
setts amendment and we can pass them both.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope we shall
have a vote on this amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheksox, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
, following enrolled bills and joint resolutions;
and they were thereupon signed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 112) relating to captures
made by Admiral Farragut's fleet in the Mis-
sissippi river in May, 1802;
j A bill (H. R. No. 425) for the relief of Mary
I A. Filler :
j _ A bill (H. R. No. 1279) in relation to addi-
| tional bounties, and for other purposes;
j A bill (H. R. No. 1327) to amend an act
; entitled An act to exempt certain manufac-
tures from internal tax, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 31, 1808;
A bill (H. R. No. 1344) to confirm certain
private land claims in the Territory of New
Mexico;
A bill (H. R. No. 1487) to declare and fix the
status of judge advocates of the Army;
A bill (H. R. No. 1867) for the relief of the
Illinois Iron and Bolt Company;
A bill (H. R. No. 1879) for the relief of cer-
tain companies of scouts and guides organized
in Alabama;
A bill (H. R. No. 1989)for the relief of Peter
McGough, collector of internal revenue and
' disbursing agent, twentieth district, Pennsyl-
vania ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1928) granting a pension
to Lemuel Bartholow;
A bill (H. R. No. 1930) granting a pension
to Madge K. Guthrie and Robert B. Guthrie;
A bill (H. R. No. 1973) in reference to cer-
tifying checks by national banks;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 211) for the
