1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1047
Mr. SHERMAN, Oh, yes. His bond is still
in force, his sureties are bound during that
time. That is the rule, and they have been
paid in that way. The Senator will find among
the papers a letter from Mr. Taylor, the Comp-
troller of the Treasury, giving lull information
on the subject. If the Senator desires to have
it read he will find that it fully explains the
whole matter, but it is a long letter and it will
take some time to read it. The committee
carefully examined the whole matter, and un-
less the Senator insists upon reading the letter
I think it need not be read.
Mr. HOWE, I will not call for the reading
of the letter.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
APPRAISEMENT OF IMPORTS.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is another bill
reported from the Committee on Finance, to
regulate the appraisement and inspection of
imports in certain cases, and for other pur-
poses, which it is very necessary should be
acted on and passed soon. It has been reported
and lying on the table for a long time, and I
ask the attention of the Senate to it now. I
move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (II.
R. No. 788) to regulate the appraisement and
inspection of imports in certain cases, and for
other purposes, was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose it is not neces-
sary to read the original bill. The Committee
on Finance reported a substitute for it.
ThePRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment reported is to strike out all of the biil
after the enacting clause and insert what will
be read.
The words proposed to be inserted were read,
as follows:
That whenever any merchandise, exceptwine, dis-
tilled spirits, and perishable or explosive articles, or
articles in bulk, imported at any port of entry in the
Unit.ed States, shall appear by the invoice or bill of
] and by the manifest to bo consigned to and
deavuiod for either of the ports hereiuatterspecified,
the collector at the port of arrival shall permit the
owner, agent, or consignee to make entry thereof for
warehouse and immediate transportation, and on the
execution of a bond as hereinafter provided shall
deliver the same to be immediately transported to
such port of destination at the sole cost anJ risk of
such owner, agent, or consignee. And such mer-
chandise so entered for immediate transportation
shall not be subject to appraisement and liquidation
of duties at the port of first arrival aforesaid, but
shall undergo such examination as the Secretary of
the Treasury shall deem necessary to verify the in-
voice and entry, and the same examination and ap-
praisement thereof shall be required and had at the
said port of destination as would have been required
at the port of original importation, if such merchan-
dise had been entered for consumption or warehouse
at such port.
Sec. 2. Ami be it further enacted, That the bond
required by the foregoing section shall bo in a penal
feuni double the invoice value of the merchandise,
and iu such form and with such number of sureties
(not less than two) as shall be prescribed by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury; and the said sureties shall
justify, by affidavit taken before the collector of cus-
toms and attached to the said bond, in an amount at
least double the penalty of the bond, and the said
collector shall certify to their sufficiency: and the
said bond may be executed at the port of final des-
tination and transmitted to the collector at the port
of first arrival, as provided by the act of March
2,1831.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That merchandise
so entered for transportation shall be delivered to and
transported by companies regularly incorporated as
common carriers and designated for this purpose by
the Secretary of the Treasury, and to or by none
others; and such companies shall be responsible to
the United States as common carriers for the safe
delivery of such merchandise to the collector at the
port of its destination; and before any such company
shall be permitted to receive and transport anv such
merchandise it shall become bound to the United
.States in bonds of such form and amount and with
such conditions not inconsistent with law, and such
security as the Secretary of the Treasury shall re-
quire.
Sue. 4. And h? it further enacted, That merchandise
transported under the provisions of this act shall be
conveyed in cars, vessels, or vehicles securely fast-
ened with locks or seals under the exclusive control
of the officers of customs; andinspectorsshanbesta-
tioned at proper points along the designated routes,
or upon any car, vessel, vehicle, or train, at the dis-
cretion of the said Secretary and at the expense of
the said companies respectively. And such mer-
chandise shall not be unladen or transhipped be-
tween the ports of first arrival and final destination
unless absolutely necessary on account of a difference
of railroad gaugeor unavoidableacoidont, and never
without the personal supervision of an officer of cus-
toms; and it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the
Treasury, if practicable, to avoid designating any
route upon which a difference of gauge or other cause
will render such a transfer a habitual necessity.
Sue. 5. And be xt further enacted. That all acts and
parts of acts authorizing the abatement, reduction, or
return of duties on account of damage occurring to
goods, wares, or merchandise, during the voyage of
importation, or on account of the actual injury, loss
or destruction, in whole or in part, by fire or other
cause, of goods, ware?, or merchandise, after their ar-
rival within the limits of the United States, bo, and
the same are hereby, repealed.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, Thatmerchandise
so destinedfor immediate transportation as aforesaid,
except the packages designated for examination,
shall be transferred, under proper supervision, di-
rectly from the importing vessel to tho cars, vessels,
or vehicles in which the same is to be transported to
its final destination, and if transferred from the im-
porting vessel to any bonded or other warehouso or
to any other place than such car, vessel, or vehicle
it shall be taken possession of by the collector as un-
claimed, and deposited in public store, and shall not
be removed from such storo without entry and ap-
praisement as in ordinary cases. But the Secretary
of the Treasury may, in bis discretion, and with suoh
precaution as he shall deem proper, authorize the
establishment of bonded warehouses especially and
exclusively appropriated to the reception of such
merchandise in cases where its immediate transfer
to the transporting car, vessel, or vehiole shall be
impracticable. But merchandise remaining in such
warehouso more than ten days shall be deprived of
the piivileges conferred by this act, and shall bo
taken possession ot by tho collector as unclaimed,
and held until regulaily entered and appiaised,
Sec. 7. And be it fmtker enacted, That the Secre-
tary ot the Treasury shall proscribe forms of entries,
oaths, bonds, and other papers to be required, and
ail needtul rules and regulations not inconsistent
with law, to be observed in the execution of this act,
which shall have the force nnd effect ot law.
Sec, 8. And be it further cnacted, Thattheprivileges
of this act f-hall extend to the ports of St. Louis, in
the State of Missouri; Chicago, in the State of Illi-
nois; Cincinnati, in the State of Ohio; Boston, in the
State of Massachusetts; Philadelphia, in tho State
of Ponnbylvania; Baltimore, in the St*te of Mary-
land; New Orleans, in the State of Louisiana; and
Portland, in the State of Maine.
Sec. 9. And be it further enactcd, That at encli of
said ports for which an appraiser of imported mer-
chandise is not now provided lor by law, there shall
be appointed an appraisci of imported merchandise
at a salary of S3,000 per annum, sind also such num-
ber of weighers, gaugers, measurers, and inspectors as
may ho necessary to cxecute the provisions of this
act, who shall receive the ordinary legal compensa-
tion of such officers.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That any person
maliciously opening, breaking, or entering, by any
means whatever, any car,vessel,vehicle, warehouse,
or package containing any such merchandise deliv-
ered for transportation as aforesaid, removing, in-
juring, breaking, or defacing any lock or seal placed
upon such car. vessel, vehicle, warehouse, or package,
or aiding, abetting, or encouraging any other person
or persons so to remove, break, injure, or deface such
locks or seals, or to open, break, or enter such enr,
vessel, or vehicle with intent to remove or cause to
be removed unlawfully any merchandise therein, or
m any manner to in i me or defraud tho United States,
and any person receiving any merchandise unlaw-
fully removed from any such car, vessel, or vehicle,
knowing it to have been so unlawfully removed, ^hall
bo guilty of felony, and in addition to any penalties
heretofore prescribed shall, on conviction, be im-
prisoned not less than six months nor more than two
years; and any person swearing willfully false in any
oath prescribed by this act, or by the Secretary of the
Treasury in pursuance of authority to make all need-
ful regulations conferred upon him by this act, shall
be guiltv of willful and corrupt perjury.
Sec. 11. And beit further enacted That thi5* actshall
tako effect on the 1st day of September, 1868.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I observe that in the
printed copy of the bill the eighth section of
the amendment ot the Committee on Finance
leaves out the words," Chicago, in the State oi
Illinois." I ask if these words are in the
original?
Mr. SHERMAN. They ought to be; but
Chicago was omitted in the printed copy by a
mistake.
Mr. TRUMBULL. These words were read
by the Clerk as if they were in the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is informed that these words are interlined in
the printed copy on the files.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it is all right;
those words should be in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. X hope the
chairman of the Committee on hinancewill
consent to have this bill go over to'be called
tip at some other time, for "it is manifestly one
of that character that cannot be passed iu tile
momfng hour. It is a bill to work a total
revolution in our mode of collecting, the rev-
enue and provide for the appointment of ja
larg^ number of additional officers. CleArl^ it
is not one that can be passed in the nforniixg
hour, because no one can discuss it in less than
an hour. - •
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill has been pre-
pared at the Treasury Departmentand has been
very fully considered. The original bill as it
passed the House of Represetatives did not have
sufficientguards, wethoughtj against frauds, and
the substitute of the Committee 011 Finance is
the result of most careful examination. It is a
bill of great importance, especially to all th.e
cities of the Union except New York. The
whole object of the bill is to allow importa-
tions directly from foreign ports through New
York to Portland, Boston, Philadelphia, Bal-
timore, New Orleans, Chicago, and Cincin-
nati, all with the exception of Portland being
cities having exceeding two hundred thousand
inhabitants.
Mr. ANTHONY. "Why not to other cities?
Mr. DAVIS. Let me make a suggestion.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me finish what I
have to say ; I will occuy very little time. Sen-
ators at once interrupt me by asking why is
not Providence, or Louisville, or Memphis
included. We have, in trying thjs experiment
of making direct importations to interior cities,
confined it to cities of over two hundred thou-
sand inhabitants, with the exception of the
city of Portland, which is said to be the entre-
pot of a large trade for the Canadas. Perhaps
that is not a sufficient reason; but we have
included Portland, a city of less than the pop-
ulation we have generally provided for. The
purpose is to allow direct importations from
foreign ports, through New York, to these
great interior cities. Under tho old system of
sail navigation New York had 110 preference
over Boston, or all the other cities that could be
reached by direct importations ; but now nearly
all the expensive merchandise, that which pays
the heaviest duties, is carried to the city of
New York by steamers, and those steamers
cannot, enter many of the other ports; therefore
New York has now a substantial monopoly of
the importations of the United States. The
remit is that the merchant in Cincinnati, for
instance, is placed at a great disadvantage. He
is compelled to employ brokers, put to enor-
mous expense, and subjected to great delays
in the city of New York in getting his goods
through the custom-house. Under existing
laws all goods that arrive at the port of New
York must be inspected, weighed, and exam-
ami ned there. This enables those goods in
bond to be transported directly to thS great
interior cities by established transportation
companies, there to be examined in detail.
Now, if a merchant in another city than New
York imports a cargo of goods from Liverpool,
he has got to employ a broker and to keep
those goods at Nev? York, and subject himself
to the delay of an examination there, and the
expense of having his packages. opened and
deranged, and the whole of this examination
carried on in the city of New York, in order
to reach Boston or Philadelphia or Baltimore
or Chicago or Cincinnati.
The purpose of this bill is to allow these
goods in original packages, with no further
examination than that which is necessary to
identify them, to be transported in bond by
existing and established express companies
who have filed large bonds with the Secretary
of the Treasury and let this examination and
inspection be had at the port of delivery ; and
we have confined these ports of delivery to those
great cities where they now have weighers,
inspectors, and other custom-house officers.
Mr. GRIMES. Is there such a provision
in the bill as that they are to be transported
by express companies?
Mr, SHERMAN. They may be.
Mr. GRIMES. Is it obligatory ?
