1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1799
Mr. MOKRILL, of Maine. In the report
of the Postmaster General.
Mr. RAMSEY. You will find nothing of
the kind. The Senator is entirely mistaken.
He has misread the report. It has reference
to a contract previously made for carrying it
upon horseback simply.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have reference
to the precise contract under consideration—
a $194,000 contract—which he says is imprac-
ticable, and further, that there is bat one sin-
gle residence on the whole route.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator does not
mean to say that he finds that statement in any
report of the Postmaster General?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. RAMSEY. There are numerous settle-
ments on the line of this route.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The upshot of
it is, Mr. President, that the Postmaster Gen-
eral reports that it is impracticable to carry
the mail on this route. That is the informa-
tion before the committee, that no service has
been rendered, and no service under the eon-
tract is practicable; and furthermore, that the
establishment of the post route was improvi-
dent ; that Montana can be supplied from an-
other point to a great deal better advantage;
and for that reason the House of Represeuta- i
tives provided that no part of the sum appro-
priated in this clause should be paid for .that
service ; and on that inlormatioa the Commit-
tee on Appropriations on the part of the Sen-
ate thought it reasonable "to concur. I hope
the Senate will retain this proviso.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will read an extract from
the report of the Postmaster General, and the
Senator will see how entirely he has been mis-
informed on this subject:
*' In the last annual report allusion was made to
the routefrom Fort Abercrombie, Dakota, to Helena
Montana, (or the route from St. Cloud to Pembina,)
intended to provide direct mail communication to the
Territories ot Montana, Idaho, and Washington."
That is the northern mail line, five hundred
miles north of thfi central line of mail service.
"It was stated that in consequence of Indian hos-
tilities on nearly the" whole of the line the service
was unreliable, of no value to the Department, and
would be discontinued in the sprmgunless a marked
improvement occurred. As there was no improve-
ment the service was discontinued trorn March 30,
18o8; but at the last session of Congress a resolution
wm adopted as follow::
" 'Jietolesd, dke.. That the Postmaster General is
hereby authorized to change the characier of the
mail service from Fort Abercrombie, Dakota Ter-
ritory, to Helena, Montana Territory, to post-coach
service.
'.'No service existed on the route at the date of
this resolution, and the resolution is not mandatory
in its terms; but considering it as indicating that the
legislative will required that the mail should be car-
ried, and on post-coaches ; and acting on the suppo-
sition that a special appropriation would be made
to meet the expense," &e.
Mr. President, of course a mere liorse mail
could not be carried over that long Hue; and
for that reason Congress determined that it
should be a coach service. The present occu-
pant of the chair [Mr. Coxness] will recol-
lect that that was the kind of service to Cali-
fornia a few years ago, and but very few people
'ben lived on that line after you left the borders
of Kansas until you reached those of Califor-
Nevertheless, the service was a dear one
to California—I do not mean simply that it was
an expensive one, but it was one which the
country estimated very highly. It is necessary
to have such a service to enable the contractors
to build posts, erect places at which travelers
can stop, where their stages can stop at night,
where they can place their horses, and so on.
A. mere horse line would not enable them to
do that; the compensation would not be suffi-
but by giving them a coach service they
fc ,.ena,bied to do this. That is the reason
why all the transcontinental service has been
coach service. It was not only so on the cen-
tal line, but it was so on the great southern
line. These northern Territories and these
northern States demand thia kind of service.
e have not had the opportunity to carry the
law mto effect. The contractor has made a
proposal. Probably it has been accepted. My
I impression is that from his great desire to get
I the contract he may have put his bid a little
i too low, and he may desire to retreat from
; that, and for that purpose appeals to Congress
! for this kind of legislation.
] I assure Senators that by the next year there
| will be railroad communication to Red river;
j and from that point to the Great Bend of the
i Missouri is but three hundred and fifty miles.
Persist in this service, and in less than three
years it will more than compensate the Treas-
ury of the nation for whateverit may draw from
it—not in the postages returned, I admit, but
in the general growth of all that country. We
ail know that next to Nevada at this time Mon-
tana yields more gold and silver than any other
Territory or State of the Union. It is growing
in population more rapidly than any other Ter-
ritory of the Union. The same is true of Idaho
to almost the same extent Will you not fur-
nish them some direct mail communication
with thosfe regions from which their population
largely came ? The pioneers of Montana and
Idaho were largely drawn from Minnesota.
The communication is frequent, is constant,
between the settlements of those Territories
and Minnesota. 1 hope that the Senate will
agree to the amendment that I hate offered.
Mr. XI E. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to make an inquiry of him before he sits
down ?
Mr. RAMSEY*. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. ■ As the franking privilege is not
abolished, I ask the Senator whether the speech
that he has now made well circulated up there
will not satisfy the people for this year ?
[Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think I am
entirely sustained in my statement by the re-
port of the Postmaster General,'introduced by
the Senator himself. He says:
"In the last annual report allusion was made to
the route from Fort Abercroofbie, Dakota, to Helena,
Montana, (or the route from St. Cloud to Pembina,)
intended to provide direct mail communication to
the Territories of Montana, Idaho, and Washington.
It was stated that in consequence of Indian hostili-
ties on nearly the whole of the line the service was
unreliable, of no value to the Department, and would
be discontinued in the spring unless a marked im-
provement occurred. As there was noimprovement
the service was discontinued from March 30,1868"—
That is'tlie statement I made.
the whole of it and a little more.
it.
But here is the point—
That covers
It emphasizes
"but at the last session of Congress a resolution was
adopted, as follows:
Resolved, kc„ That the Postmaster General is
hereby authorized to change the character of the \
mail service from Fort Abercrombie, Dakota Terri-
tory, to Helena, Montana Territory, to post-coach i|
sei vice.'
"No service existed ontherouteat thedate of this
resolution, and the resolution is not mandatory in its
terms: but considering it as indicating that the legis-
lative will required that the mail should be carried,
and on post-coaches; and acting on the supposition
that a special appropriation would he made to meet
the expense, an advertisement was issued," ic.
Now, I think my statement is fully sustained
the first proposition ; and secondly, that the by
Postmaster General has not changed his mind,
but he feels that you have instructed him : he
feels that although he had communicated to
Congress that this service was a failure, that it
was unreliable, and Congress ought not to make
the appropriation, you instructed him by the
resolution of 1868. The House of Represent-
atives by this amendment say that he ought
not to feel himself instructed, and we say to
him that he is not instructed and that he shall
not appropriate any portion of this money to
a service which he represents to be imprac-
ticable.
Mr. RAMSEY. That was not precisely the
statement of the honorable Senator. It was
that this service was useless. It was the ser-
vice previously had, before the legislation of
1868, that was useless, because of Indian inter-
ruptions. Those have ceased, and new legisla-
tion was had.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the hon-
orable Senator mean to say to the Senate that
where a horseback service was found to be
impracticable it does not follow that & coach
service three times a week would not also be
improvident?
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does he mean
to say that the Postmaster General recommends
coach service ?
Mr. RAMSEY. With a single horse how can
the lonely rider travel over a region of country
like this, with no place to rest at night?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will not argue
that.
Mr. RAMSEY. How was the mail carried
over the central route ? How was it carried
over the southern route? The expenditure
requisite for the erection of stations upon the
great plains involves, requires a coach service.
Then again, the Senator says that there are no
settlements on ail that line. Sir, we have
several military posts there that require this mail
service. This service, if I am not very much
mistaken, is recommended strongly by General
Grant and the military commanders of that
northern district. Immediately after you pass
the space between the Red rivdr and the Mis-
souri you come upon the settlements in the
valley of the Missouri river. There is a space
between the settlements of three hundred and
fifty miles; and these very Territories are
! growing rapidly, and they are entitled to this
! direct communication, and they ask it. The
: people of Montana and the people of Idaho ask
it as much as do the people of Minnesota and
the other northern States lying east of them.
I think it is unfair to make this discrimination.
It is in the discretion of the Postmaster General
whether or not he will put service on this line.
I have no doubt if you would search all the
States over you would find many lines which
would seem much more useless than this. Why
not seek them out and instruct the Postmaster
General to place no service upon them ? Why
single out this particular one? I say there is
no other mail line directly across the continent
within five hundred miles of this; and I assert
that there is infinitely more settlement upon
the line of this route than there was upon the
line of the central road when you first sent
your mail across there in coaches.
Mr. CORBETT. I thinlj the statement made
! by the Senator from Minnesota is very prac-
tical and self-evident to any one who has
any acquaintance with an extent of country
through which a mail is to pass, and at the end
of which there are settlements to be supplied.
As he says, a one-horse mail cannot be sustained
through the unsettled country. In order to
sustain stations and keep persons there to take
care of the passengers and horses you must
| have a sufficient service to make it an object
i to establish those stations. It was so through
the central route when it was established, and
it has been so on every new route that has been
established. It was so through our country
when the first mail route from California to
Oregon was established, and yet it settled up
all the whole length of fhe line. You have
got to establish this kind of service before you
can settle up the country. That is the pioneer.
At these stations you commence your settle-
ments and they become a nucleus for forming
settlements along the whole line, and finally
railroads extend through the country. 1 think
• the gentleman from Minnesorais perfectly right
1 in his statement in that respect.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Here is mani-
festly one of the links by which the Post Office
Department, instead of being self-sustaining,
is a weight of five or six millions beyond its
actual revenue. The proposition is te send a
mail-coach, I suppose, with six horses where
it is impracticable even for a man on horse-
back to get through. The next thing will be
that we shall be required to make the road for
the stage-coach, and we shall be told although
there are no inhabitants there now to be sup-
plied with the mail if we only establish a mail
route there will be.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand there are
inhabitants at each end of the road.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then the
