THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 1^,
So amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next paragraph, as follows :
( On copper, in plates, sheets, rods, pipes, and cop-
/per bottotn's, and all manufactures of copper, or of
which copper shall be a component material of chief
value, not otherwise herein provided for, forty-five
per cent- ud valorem.
Mr. BUTEsER, of Massachusetts. I move
to insert, after the word '"value," the.words
"blue vitriol or sulphate of copper.". The
committee will observe that upon " all manu-
factures of copper or of which copper shall be
a component material of chief value, not other-
wise herein provided," the ta& is increased
to forty-five per. cent, ad valorem. Now, blue
vitriol or sulphate of copper is composed, of
course, of copper, and copper is its chief value.
But it being provided for under the head of
chemicals the duty has not been raised. The
present tariff is twenty-five per cent, on that
article. Wo have some manufacturers of it
who are just able to live now, and if you raise
the price of copper three or five cents per
pouud it simply wipes out these manufactures.
Now, as you increase the tariff on copper you
should also increase the tariff on the salts of
copper, as the copper constitutes their chief
value. I therefore move to insert these articles,
so as to equalize the tariff on them.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PIKE. I move to amend the paragraph
by striking out forty-five and inserting twenty
per cent. I submit to the committee that
this mode of arranging a tariff bill is not fair
to the various interests of the country. Now
that the election has gone by it would seem to
be a fit andappropnate time to arrange a tariff
with reference to all the great interests of the
country. But instead of that, to my very great
surprise, I find that these small tariff bills,
which were introduced at the last session ap-
parently for the purpose of bridging over the
election in various localities to which they
would particularly apply, are brought in here
apparently with the sanction of the Committee
of Ways and Means as serious projects on
which to arrange the business of this country.
Now, 1 ask the committee, is it fair to the
great interests of the country which use this
copper to assess a higher tariff upon copper
for the purpose of raising its price, so as to
charge those who use it an additional amount ?
I am entirely willing that this House, upon
a fair consideration, should take the great
interests of the consumers and of the manu-
facturers of copper, and arrange them upon
an equitable basis. I am entirely willing to
take an interest that 1 represent in part, but
only in part, upon this floor—the ship-build-
ing interest, which is a large consumer of cop-
per ; but I ask the committee to say whether
it is prepared now to punish that interest by
an additional assessment of twenty per cent,
for the benefit of a producing interest in another
section of the country? Is it fair thus to attack
a large and valuable national interest like that
of ship-building? I need not comment upon
its large importance. We have had it and dis-
cussed it repeatedly on this floor; and the
Secretary of the Treasury in every report for
three years past has not failed to lament, the
decadence of the great ship-building inter-
est of this country as a great national mis-
fortune. _ It is the only great manufacturing
interest in the whole length and breadth of
the country that was cut down by the war, the
other great interests being stimulated thereby
into unusual activity, so that they came out
prosperous at its close, and are to-day vastly
richer in all quarters of the country than they
were before the war. But here is an interest
that is struck at by this provision under the
sanction of the Committee of Ways and Means.
I ask them if they have considered what is to
be the effect upon the consumers of this article ?
Now, I am not prepared to say what amount
of copper this ship- building interest consumes,
but it was stated upon the floor of the Senate
by a Senator from Michigan, in a discussion in
the month of June last, that one half of the
copper product of this country weut into ship-
building. lam not prepared to say whether
that statement is correct or not, but if it be
correct then the proposition in the pending
paragraph in this bill is to assess upon the
consumers of copper in ship-building one half
the enhanced price of copper in this country.
[Here the hammer fell.J
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say a word
in reply to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Pike.] It will be seen, by comparing the arti-
cle of copper with various other articles, that
the duty on copper is very much'less than the
general average on imported articles. The
reason of that has been that the copper inter-
est of this country, relying upon the supposed
facility with which copper could be procured,
especially from what 1 may call the native ores
of Lake Superior, have not claimed that amount
of protection which some other interests re-
quire. The duty at present is thirty-five per
cent., and this bill proposes to raise it ten
per cent, ad valorem. The copper interest
m this country ought to supply all the metal
that would be wanted for ship-building or for
any other purpose. Not only the copper mines
of Lake Superior, but those of Virginia, Ten-
nessee, and California, are wronght and have
demonstrated a capacity of being wrought with
great success. The competition that they meet
with is from the ore that is brought in in bal-
last from Chili and from Cuba, and mainly
from these two points.
I will not go over with the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Pike] the theory of protection,
because, if he agrees with me, it is unnecessary,
and if he does not agree with me it is equally
unnecessary. I do not admit that the raising
of the tariff so far as is necessary to keep alive
and in active operation our own establishments
here at homo will raise the price of copper to
the ship-builders of Maine or to the mechanics
in any other part of the country, or in any kind
of employment. This provision of the bill is
predicated upon the necessity deemed to exist
and ascertained, after careful examination, of
this amount of protection against foreign ore
to keep alive and itl active operation the copper-
produciug interests of our own country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Pike's
amendment; and it wus disagreed to—ayes
thirty-one, noes not counted.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 move to add to the para-
graph the following:
Provided, That if any person, corporation, com-
pany, or partnership engaged in tnc business of
smelting copperores shall import any foreign copper
ores into tue United States, and shall, in making such
luipo-i tation, iile with the collector of the port into
which such copper ores were imported a bond with
security, to be approved by the collector of said port
into which said ores are imported, to use two tons ot
oopper ores mined in the United States to one ton
of said imported ores in the smelting ot copper, such
person, corporation, company, or partnership shall
be entitled to a drawback upon tho foreign copper
ores so imported to the extent of tho duty paid
thereon: Provided, Said person, corporation, com-
pany, or partnership shall furnish evidence, under
regulations to be established by the Secretary of the
Treasury, that he. it, or they lias or have used said
copper ores so imported, and also copper ores mined
in tho United States in his, its, or their business in
the proportion of two tons of copper ores mined in tho
United States to one ton of imported copper ores.
Mr. Chairman, the committee will bear in
mind that the paragraph which stands as the
first paragraph of this bill has already, so far
as the action of this House is concerned, be-
come a law. It was taken outfrom the general
bill and made a separate bill by itself, and in
that form was passed. It will be farther recol-
lected that under the circumstances under
which that bill was introduced, and under the
pressure of the previous question was hurried
lo its passage, no opportunity was given to in-
troduce this amendment or any other. It is
absolutely indispensable for the proper protec-
tion of the domestic mining of copper as well
as the domestic smelting companies that this
proviso should accovnp&uy the increased tariff
on copperores. It is not, as might be supposed
by many at first sight, and as all who are unac-
quainted with the subject are apt to imagine,
a measure simply for the protection of domes-
tic miners against foreign ones.. There is but
one copper mining interest in this country that
is so protected, and that is the Lake Superior
mining interest. An extravagant bounty is
given to that interest at the expense of all the
other copper mining interests of the country,
which are very largely represented in Vermont,
in New Jersey, in Maryland, and in-California.
It is indispensable, for the proper manipulation
of the copper ores produced in those States
and in other States, that a certain proportion
of Chilian and Cuban ores under the name of
carbonates should be used in the proeess of
smelting. Without the infusion of those car-
bonates the reduction of the native ores or sul-
phurets is an expensive, complicated, and
tedious process, and would not justify the cost.
But with the introduction of these foreign car-
bonates, in the proportion of one ton of the for-
eign ores to two tons of the domestic, the process
is materially simplified. Indeed, without them
it is impossible to sustain the smelting or the
mining interests of the seaboard States. We
therefore protest against this special legislation
in favor of one bran ch of the great copper mining
interests of this country to the detriment and
probable ruin of other branches of the same
interests. We protest against the raising of
the tariff on copper ores, which are indispen-
sably necessary as admixtures for the proper
working of domestic ores, unless it be accom-
panied by the enactment of a provision such as
that which I have sent to the Chair, and which,
in the shape of a drawback on those ores used
in the domestic manufacture, will give that
amount of bounty on the domestic mines
necessary to compensate them for the disad-
vantage which the States I have referred to
will suffer by this competing monopoly of Lake
Superior.
1 regret that the separation of this paragraph
relating to copperores from the balance of the
bill, and its passage as a separate bill under
the operation of the previous question, without
any opportunity for amendment, has made it
necessary to offer this amendment by way of
proviso to this bill. But, regarding the tariff
as substantially raised upon copper ores, so far
as the action of this House is concerned, I
think it is well that this House should act upon
the matter in the shape I have presented.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to state to the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] that
Pennsylvania has no special copper interest to
subserve. But, in connection with what has
been said by the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Phelps,] I want to make the suggestion
that the changes proposed by this bill are just
what are required by the interests which he
says he deems this bill a blow at. The
Lake Superior interests are suffering, as my
friend from Michigan [Mr. Dkiggs] will tell
you. But there are other copper interests in
the country which require development, and
which, if developed, will give ores, the equiv-
alent of the foreign copperores which are now
required to be mixed with those from Lake
Superior. Virginia has no voice upon this
floor, or she would appeal to Congress for
the development of her copper regions. Ten-
nessee abounds as richly as Michigan in cop-
per ; those ores are diffused all over the eastern
part of the State. Yet there is not protection
enough in the tariff to develop them. Ala-
bama has varieties of copper ores. Yet there
is not capital enough there or inducement
enough in our tariff to lead capital enough
there to develop them. Our tariff, as it now
stands, increases the price of copper, because
there is not sufficient development of our
native resources in that respect. Pass this bill,
and the capital and energy of the North will
go into Virginia, the capital which is already in
Tennessee will be brought into play, and the
copper of Alabama will rival all the other cop-
per of the country in the market. We will
have from our own miues every variety of ores
we need for making the admixture referred to
by the gentleman from Maryland. I hope,
therefore,-that if we do not adopt this provision,
we will, in the interest of other industries, take
