THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
; Mr. SHERMAN.. It is obligatory that they
' pjust be'transported by companies, not ex-
press cpsnpaaies necessarily, but transporta-
; tion companies, who have filed bonds fbr that
purpose with the Secretary of the Treasury.
I '^fitl state that all the details of the hill have
been very carefully prepared. It may be that
frauds may pcqur, but from,the investigation
I gave to this subject, without any partiality to
the system, I believe that greater frauds may
be committed now in transferring goods from
shipboard to the warehouses in New York
than will be committed in transporting these
goods ?n the mode provided by this bill from
0ie city of New York to the interior cities; at
fuiy rate, it is manifest that the interior cities
jOf this country, together with the great cities
"along the sea-board, ought to share with New
York in importing foreign goods. While this
bill may be subject to abuse, yet confined,
liaiited a? it is to a few great cities of the conti-
nent, I tninjk there will be no practical difli-
culty. We regard it as of very great import-
ance. ^here is certainly no more likelihood
,of frauds in inspepting and examining these
goods in these interior cities than there is in
the great city of New York, where merchants
not living in .New York are subjected to all
sorts ,of .black-mailing in order to get their
g^oda through the customhouse. I do not
wish, to enlarge upon the argument, because
the whole matter is one of detail.
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senator would
address hims*elf to the work of explaining why
the committee undertake to relieve cities with
a population of two huudred thousand from
this burden and will not relievo cities with a
smaller population—say, fifty or a hundred
thousand.
Mr. SHERMAN. The reason is a very
simple one. Undoubtedly this system involves
more trouble and perhaps more expense to the
Government. If you establish great interior
centers of trade the people living, say, in Mil-
waukee, can very easily get their goods at
Chicago, and SO the people at Keokuk can
very easily get their goods at St. Louis. If you
extended it to all ports of entry in the United
States you would compel the employment of
weighers, gaugers, and a class of officers that
are not necessary at a port of delivery. The
Senator will see that wherever these oilicesare
established there must be a new-class of officers,
or rather, some of those now employed at New
York must be employed at these interior cities.
It is well not to enlarge the system, at least
until we give it a fair trial.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator tell mo how
the merchant in Milwaukee can get his goods
any better in Chicago than he can in New
York ; how he can settle with the custom-house
any more readily or cheaper in Chicago than
in New York 1
Mr. SHERMAN. He is within a hundred
miles of the place of actual importation, instead
of eight hundred or a thousand miles, as now.
Mr. HOWE. But hig business is tenfold as
great with New York as with Chicaco. He
has no business connection with Chicago.
Mr. SHERMAN. I feel bound to say to my
friend from Wisconsin that the merchants of
Milwaukee have a very different opinion, be-
cause, if I remember aright, there is a petition
from the merchants of Milwaukee very strongly
in favor of this particular bill.
Mr. HOWE. There may besuch a petition.
I never have heard of it; but I have from the
officers of the Government in Milwaukee re-
ceived very strong remonstrances against any
such discrimination in favor of the city of Chi-
cago. They have insisted that the Government
owed them the same relief that they owed to the
merchants of Chicago, and I cannot answer
that question myself.
Mr. SHERMAN. All I can say is, that the
committee afterfull examination thought it was
not best to extend this system beyond these
great interior cities and those along the sea-
coast who have always had the benefit hereto-
fore of foreign importations. Now, if the Sen-
ator wishes* to take the sense of the Senate on
extending it to Milwaukee and Detroit and
Cleveland andagreat many otherplaces, he can
do so. But my own judgment is, that it is bet-
ter to confine it to those few great cities and let
us try the experiment whether foreign goods
may be transported in bond and delivered with
great convenience'to our people in,the interior.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin will give way to allow a
message to be received from the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Mr, JIOWE. Certainly.
COUNTING Of THE PRESIDENTIAL VOTB.
Mr. McPherson, the Clerk of the House of
Representatives, appeared at the bar of the
Senate, and delivered the following message :
Mr. President, I am directed to inform the
Senate that the House of Representatives is
now ready to receive the Senate for the pur-
pose of proceeding to open and count the votes
of the electors of the several States for Presi-
dent and Vice President of the United States.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the Hall of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. The rule
says " at one o'clock." There is no use in
going over there now. It lacks ten minutes to
one o'clock.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Our clock is too slow.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. As evidently my col-
league must be aware, this bill cannot pass
between this and one o'clock.
Mr. HOWE. I have not the slightest idea
that it will.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will therefore appeal
to his courtesy, and ask of the Senate—which
I have not asked this session—the privilege of
taking up a little bill from the Military Com-
mittee which can pass in two minutes, and it
must be done now. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate that that bill be taken up.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask permission to make
a report.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall object. I do not
want this bill displaced.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate now proceed to the Hall of
Representatives for the purpose of counting
the votes for President and Vice President of
the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend that
motion by saying that " at one o'clock the
Senate will proceed."
Mr. CONNESS. If the votes are to be
counted at one o'clock the Senate should pro-
ceed to the Hall of the House of Represent-
atives before thai time.
Mr. TRUMBULIa The rule is that we
assemble at one o'clock.
Mr. CONKLING. I am inclined to think
it is quite one o'clock now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no danger of getting there too soon. This
question will be debated until after that tirfie.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. There is time enough to
make a report.
The PRESlDENT^ro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois, who moves to amend by saying that
" ar, one o'clock the Senate will proceed."
The amendment was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the motion of the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Mortox.]
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The Senate
will now proceed to the Hall of the House of
Representatives for the purpose of counting
the votes for President and Vice President of
the United States.
The Senate, preceded by the Sergeant-at-
Arms and Secretary, proceeded to the Hall of
the House of Representatives.
vote op louisiana.
The Senate returned to its Chamber at twenty-
five minutes past one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT^ tempore. The Sen-
ate will come to order. The Clerk will read
the point raised in the joint meeting.
The .Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Objoction was raised to any count of the votes
certified from the State of Louisiana; and the ques-
tion was raised in regard to thein that no valid elec-
tion of electors for President and Vice President has
been held in said State."
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I move
that it is the judgment of the Senate that the
vote be counted.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It is moved
and seconded that it is the judgment of the
Senate that the vote be counted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It had better be in the
form of a resolution, I suppose.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose the Secre-
tary will put it in the form of a resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have prepared this
resolution;
Resolved, That in the opinion of the Senate tho
vote of Louisiana ought to bo counted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I withdraw my propo-
sition.
Mr. CONKLING. "The vote of the electors
of Louisiana," it should be.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will so modify it, if
that is the form of the Constitution.
Mr. CONNESS. I offer an amendment to
the resolution, which 1 send to the Chair.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to inquire whether
the Senate proceeds to act upon this question
of the validity of an election without any prpof,
discussion, or debate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No debate
is admissible.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for the reading of
my amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask for the reading of
the objection of the member of the convention
which was read before.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Let it be
read again.
The Chief Cleric. The objection was to
any count of the votes certified from the State
of Louisiana, and the question was raised in
regard to them that no valid election of elect-
ors for Piesidont and Vice President has been
held in said State.
Mr. HOWARD. I inquire whether that is
all the evidence before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is all
there is here.
Mr. WARNER. I move to strike out the
words " ought to " in the resolution and insert
the word "shall."
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. No debate
is in order.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Ido not rise to debate
it, but to submit a motion.
Mr. CONNESS. I have offered an amend-
ment which has not been read.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment will he read.
The CmtF Clerk. The resolution submit-
ted by Mr. Trumbull is:
Revolved, That in the opinion of the Senate tho
vole of Louisiana ought to be counted.
Mr. Coxxess moves to amend by striking out
all after the word "resolved" and inserting:
That in the opinion of the Senate tho election fur
President and Vico President in tlie State of Louisi-
ana was valid, and that tho vote shall be countcd.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we need not
decide anything more than is before us. It is
simply whether the vote ought to be counted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the resolution of the Senator
from Illinois.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that.
Mr. WARNER. I offer my amendment
now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Alabama offers an amendment to
