1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1049
strike out the words "ought to" and insert
"shall.''
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read as it will
stand if amended.
Tie Chief Clerk. If the resolution be
amended as now proposed it will read:
Resolved, That in the opinion of the Senate,the
vote of Louisiana sbail be counted,
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senate does not
want it in that way.
Mr. WARNER. I will amend it so as to
read "that it is the judgment of the Senate
that the vote shall be counted."
• The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the resolution of the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on its adoption.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the reading of
the resolution again.
The Chief Clere. It is as follows :
Resolved, That in the opinion of the Senate the
vote of Louisiana ought to be counted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it ought to say
" the vote of the electors of the State of Louisi-
ana."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so modified.
Mr. MORTON. Is it competent to offer an
amendment to that now?
ThePRBSIDENT^iro tempore. It is com-
petent to offer an amendment, but debate is
not in order.
Mr. MORTON. I offer the following amend-
ment, which I will ask the Clerkto take down,
to come in immediately after the word " re
solved
That while there is reason to believe from common
report and information that the late presidential
election in Louisiana was carried by force and fraud,
still there being no legal evidence before the Senate
on that subject, therefore the electoral voteof Louis-
iuna ought to be counted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I sub
mit that that recital is not in order. I submit
as a question of order that under the joint rule
we have to decide the question made by the
objection, and that we are not to recite astate
of facts, but to decide the question that conies
up, and that question is simply and nakedly
whether the vote be counted.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I object to debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is of opinion that nothing else is in order except
the decision of the question made.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire whether it would
be in order to call for the reading of the official
papers that acconioany the vote?
Mr. WILSON and Mr. TRUMBULL. They
were read.
Mr. HARLAN. They were read in the joint
meeting, but they have not been read before
the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no irregularity
in the papers.
. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The papers
are not in the possession of the Senate.
Mr. NYE. I do not suppose that the Chair
intends to rule by any means that Senators are
not to act on the testimony in regard to the
question that they already possess.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
rules nothing except that he believes it would
be out of order to attempt to decide anything
except the question that is made and presented.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I call for the reading of
the resolution as it now stands, as modified.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read.
The Chief Clerk. It is as follows:
Resolved, That in the opinion of the Senate the
vote of the electors of the State of Louisiana ought
to be counted.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the term "ought to"vand inserting
" should."
The amendment was rejected ; there being,
on a division—11 ayes and 30 noes.
Mr. SPRAGUB. I move to amend the res-
olution by striking out all after the word " le-
solved" and inserting:
That tho votes of the electors of the State of Louisi-
ana for President and Vice President be counted,
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think that is.ex&ctly
right.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No debate
is in order.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair a sub-
stitute.
The PRESID ENTpro tempore. An amend-
ment to the amendment?
Mr. SUMNER. An amendment to the
amendment by way of substitute.
ThePRESlDENT pro tempore. The prop-
osition of the Senator from Massachusetts will
be read.
The Chief Clerk. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts proposes to strike out of the pro-
posed amendment the words "votes of the
electors of the State of Louisiana for Presi-
dent and Vice President be counted, " and in
lieu thereof to insert:
The electoral vote of Louisiana shall be reported
in the following manner, to wit: "were the votes
presented a? of the State of Louisiana to be counted
the result would be for , for President of the
United States,— votes; if not counted, for —,
for President of the United States, votes; but in
either ease is elected President of the United
Statesand in the same manner for Vice President.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the rule adopted
in the Georgia case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not the question
here, i
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a question of
order. The point of order is that that does
not decide the point raised, nor is it in order
in the present .state of the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No debate
is in order; and the Chair believes that the
amendment proposed is not in order. It does
not respond to the objection made.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that the
Chair rules the substitute which I offered to be
out of order ?
The PRESIDE NT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks it is out of order. It is the opinion of
the Chair that nothing but a direct response to
the objection made is in order.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask for the consideration
of the amendment I have offered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let it be read again.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
strike out all after the word "resolved" and
insert:
That the votes of the electors of the State of Louisi-
ana for President and Vice President be counted.
Mr. WARNER. I suggest a modification
like this, using the language of the Senator
from Indiana:
Retohetl, That it is the judgment of the Senate of
the United States that the electoral voteof Louisiana
be counted.
Mr. SPRAGUE. We do not_ want any
"judgment;'' we express our opinion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator move that amendment to the amend--
ment?
Mr. WARNER. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from Rhode Island, [Mr. SriJAGUE.]
Mr. POOL. I move an amendment to the
amendment, to striks out all after the word
"that" and insert:
The objection raised to t'no counting of the votes
of the electors of the State of Louisiana for President
and Vice President of the United States is not
sustained by the evidence bofore the Senate, and
therefore said votes be counted.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on tire amendment of the Senator
from Rhode Island, [Mr. Spbague.]
Mr. CONKLINGand Mr. CONNESS.-Let
that be read again.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
strike out all after the word •" resolved" and
insert:
That the votes of the electors of the State 'of Lou-
isiana for President and Vice President be counted.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes forty-
six, noes not counted.
The PRESIDE NT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the resolution as amended.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. EDMUNDS called
for the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
The PRES1DEN T pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest to the Senate whether this ought
not to be a concurrent resolution. The twenty-
second joint rule, under which we are acting,
provides :
" If, upon the reading of any such certificate by
the tellers, any question shall arise in regard to
counting the votes therein specified, tbosame having
been stated by the Presiding Olliccr, the Senate shall
thereupon withdraw, and said question shall bo sub-
mitted to that body for its decision, and the Speaker
ot the House of Representatives shall in like man-
ner submit said question to tho House of Represent-
atives for its decision; and no question shall be de-
cided affirmatively, and no vote objected to i-liall be
counted, except by tho concurrent votes of tho two
Houses; which being obtained, tho two Houses shall
immediately reassemble, and tho Piesidins Othoer
sliall then announce the decision of the question
submitted, and upon a.ny sucli question there shall
be no debate in either House."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It says "con-
current vote."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That means the vote of
each House the same way.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 submit that does not
mean a concurrent resolution, but simply that
the two Houses shall unite.
Mr. SHERMAN. According to the rule,
we send this resolution to the House of Rep-
resentatives, they concur in it, and then we go
back.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is all. We pass
our resolution expressing our judgment ou the
question raised.
Mr. D00L1TTLE. It should be " resolved,
(the House of Representatives concurring.)"
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the resolution as amended, upon
which the yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered;
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest that after the
word "resolved" there should be inserted
"the House of Representatives concurring."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to that.
Mr. EESSENDEN. Let us see how it
stands.
The Chief Clerk. The resolution, as amend-
ed, is as follows:
Rexolvcd, That tho votes of the electors of the State
of Louisiana ior President and Vice President bo
counted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it is better to say
"the House of Representatives concurring,"
because we cannot reassemble till there is con-
current action.
The PRESIDENT jjro tempore. Would it
not be better to say "in the opinion of the
Senate" these votes ought to be counted?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Our resolution expresses
our opinion. We ought to resolve that in the
opinion of the Senate these votes ought to be
counted; and then if the House agree to the
resolution that is the end of it.
Sir. EDMUNDS. 1 ask unanimous consent
to read that part of the rule:
"No question shall be decided affirmatively, and no
vote objected to shall be counted except by the con-
current votes of the two Houses; which being ob-
tained, tho two Houses shall immediately reassem-
ble, and the Presiding Officer shall then announce the
1 decision."
If I am permitted to say by unanimous con-
sent  
; Mr. GRIMES. I object.
' Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I do not want to
say anything. I move to insertthe words "the
House of Representatives concurring" after
the word "resolved."
