1050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to that amendment?
Mr. SAULSBUjRY. I rise to make an ob-
jection. I have a right to make an objec-
tion, though I cannot argue it. I say that
amendment cannot be entertained for the
reason that the rule under which we are act-
ing does not require a concurrent resolution,
but only a concurrent vote of the respective
Houses.
Mr. MORTON. I offered an amendment to
the original resolution, and I think I am enti-
tled to have a vote upon it.
, The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The -Ch air
thought it was a preamble suggesting other
reasons than those raised by the objection.
Mr. MORTON, I did not offer it as a
preamble.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask to have the question
put on the motion I made to amend by insert-
ing after "risolved" the words "the House of
Representatives concurring," to make it con-
form to the rule.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes thirty,
noes not counted.
Mr. MORTON. I move to amend the reso-
lution so as to make it read :
That 'while there is reason to belive from common
report and information that the late presidential
oleotion in Louisiana was carried by force and fraud,
still, there being no legal evidence before the Senate
flu that subject, theretore the electoral vote of Louis-
iana ought to be counted.
On that question I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to it on the
question of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
was of opinion at first that it was out of order;
tout it is now offered as an amendment to the
resolution, and perhaps it is in order. The
Chair before thought it was offered as a pre-
amble; but now being offered as an amend-
ment, the Chair cannot rule it to be out of
■order. The question is on the amendment
offered by the Senator from Indiana, and on
that question the yeas and nays are called for.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 respectfully inquire if
the amendment is not open to debate. Are we
to decide such a question without discussion?
ThePRE8IDENT_pro tempore. The rule is
express. The question must be decided with-
out debate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have not examined the
•subject.
'I he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana, {Mr. Morton.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas '2i, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS—Me?sr?. C.imeron, Cattcll.Chandler, Conk-
1 itier. Harris, tloward, Kolloirs, McDonald, Morgan,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn. Pool,
Ramsey, nice, Robertson, Sponcer, Stewart, Sum-
ner,Thayer. Tipton, Warner, and Wilson—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Aulhonv, Buckalew, Cole,
■Conness, Corbett, Crngm, Davis, Dixon, Doohttlc,
Drake, Edmunds. Feiry, Possendcn, Uuwler, Frcling-
huysen.Glrimcs. llarlnn.Ucndricks.Uowe.McCi'eery,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Patterson of Ten-
nessee, Itoss Saulsbury. Sawyer, Sherman, Spragne,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Viekeis, Whyte, Willey,
William', and Yates—33.
AI3SJSNT—Messrs. Bayard, Henderson,Morrill of
Maine, Norton, Pomeroy, Wade, and Welch—7.
So the amendment, was rejected.
Mr. MxjPhersox, the Clerk of the House of
Representatives, appeared at the bar and deliv-
ered the following message:
Mr. President, I am directed to inform the
Senate that the House of Representatives on
the objection made in joint convention against
counting the electoral vote of the State of
Louisiana for President and Vice President of
the United States, have voted in favor of count-
ing the said vote.
Mr. CONKLING. I move, as a substitute
for the pending proposition, that the Senate
send to the House of Representatives a resolu-
tion corresponding to that just sent to us from
the House of Representatives, substituting the
word "Senate" for "House" at the proper
place, so that it will read that the Senate have
determined in the same way.
Mr. ANTHONY. That will not be a con-
current resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. This is not a concurrent
resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes; I believe the form
is "the House concurring," which goes in as
a matter of course.
Mr. CONKLING. I submit my motion as
a substitute for the pending proposition, that
it be resolved by the Senate that the House of
Representatives be informed in the language
of the resolution just received from theHouse.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator put his motion in writing?
Mr. CONKLING. It is in writing now, in
the hands of the Secretary, in the message just
received from the House, and all that is neces-
sary is to take that resolution and transpose
the word "House" to "Senate."
Mr. DRAKE. I submit that that is not in
order. We have not voted on the pending
resolution yet.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A question
being pending, the motion of theSenator from
New York cannot be entertained except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. DRAKE. I object until we vote on the
pending resolution and decide the question.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the resolution, upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered. The Clerk will
call the roll.
The Chief Clerk called the name of Mr.
Abbott ; and he responded.
Mr. WARNER. Is it in order to*move to
lay the pending proposition on the table ?
Mr. ANTHONY. There has been an an-
swer on the roll-call.
Mr. GRIMES. A Senator has answered to
his name, and nothing is now in order but the
calling of the roll.
Mr. ABBOTT. I had answered to my name.
The call of the roll being concluded, the re-
sult was—yeas 61, nays 7 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Buckalew, Cam-
eron, Cattell, Cole, Oonkling, Conness, Corbctt, Cra-
sh), Davis, Dixon, Doohttlo, Drake, Edmunds.Ferry.
T'essenden, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Harlan,
Harris, l-tendrieks, llowe, KeHogsr, McOreery, Mc-
Donald, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee.
1 ooi, Ramsey,Itice, Ross,Sa.u!sbury, Sawyer, Sher-
man, Spencer, Snrague, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, Vickers, Warner, White, Witley, Wil-
liams, and Yates—51.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Howard, Myc, Robert-
son, Sumner, Thayer, and Wilson—7.
ABSliNT —Messrs. Bayard. Hcndorson. Morrill
of Maine, Morton, Norton, Poineroy, Wado, and
Welch—8.
Mr. FESSEXDEN. I suggest that now, as
wo have received a message announcing the
action of the House of Representatives, and
the rule requires only a concurrent vote, the
words, "House of Representatives concur-
ring," be struck out of the resolution just
adopted, by unanimous consent. Those words
had belter be stricken out; otherwise the House
of Representatives may think it is necessary
again to act on the subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
that course to save time, so that we may send
a mere message at once.
'The PRESIDENT pro tempoie. Those
words will be striken out, if there be no objec-
tion. The Chair hears no objection, and they
will be stricken out.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move an order that
the Secretary communicate this resolution to
the House of Representatives.
The PRESIDENT_pn> tempore. TheHouse
will be notified, of course.
Mr. SHERMAN. I presume it is not neces-
sary for the Senate to wait until the message
has been sent. Actual concurrence has now
taken place.
Mr. GRIMES. We can follow right after the
Clerk, and we need not enter the House Hall
until he has delivered his message. I move
that the Senate proceed to the Hall of the
Hou^e of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
VOTE OF GEORGIA.
The Senate returned to its Chamber at six
minutes before three o'clock p. tn., and the
President pro tempore resumed the chair.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, is it in
order to proceed?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ate will come to order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit a resolution.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I ask the Chair to
state for what question we are here.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The objec-
tions will be read first of all.
The Chief Clerk. This is the wording of
the objection made in the convention by a
member of *,he House of Representatives:
I object, under the joint rule, that the vote of the
State of Georgia for President and Vice President
ought not to be counted, and object to the counting
thereof, because, among other things,
1. The vote of the ejectors in the Electoral College
was not given on thefirst Wednesday of December,
as required by law, and no excuse or justification for
the omission of such legal duty is set forth in the
certificato of the action of the electors.
2. Because at the date of the election of such
electors the State of Georgia had not been admitted
to representation as a State in Congress sinco the
rebellion of her people, or become entitled thereto.
3. That at said date said State of Georgia had not
fulfilled in due form all the reguirementsof the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States, known as
the reconstruction acts, so as to entitle said State of
Georgia to be represented as a State in the Union in
the electoral vote of the several States in the choice
of President and Vice President.
4. That the election pretended to have been held
in the State of Georgia on the first Tuesday of No-
vember last past was not a free, just, equal, and fair
election: but the people of th* State were deprived
of their just rights therein by force and fraud.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the reading of
the resolution I submitted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution of the Senator from Ohio will be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the vote of the electors of the State
of Georgia bo counted and announced in the mode
prescribed in the concurrent resolution of the 8th of
Pebruary instant.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to ask a question,
as of course debate is not in order, whether we
have withdrawn to deliberate upon the pro-
priety of counting the vote of Georgia, or to
deliberate upon the point of order or appeal
taken by the gentleman from Massachusetts to
the decision of the Chair, that the special rule
made by the two Houses in the case of Geor-
gia was to govern the proceeding in her case?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts took exception to the counting of the vote
for a different reason from any covered by the
concurrent resolution. It was because the vote
was not cast upon the day required by law,
which goe3 behind the concurrent resolution,
as it seemed to the Chair, for which reason it
was thought best to retire and deliberate upou
that. 4twas a different question, not involved
in the concurrent resolution, perhaps lying
back of that, based on the ground that the vote
was informal and not to be counted at all.
The Chair cannot decide the effect of casting
a vote on a different day from that required by
law, which I believe was the objection made
by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. FOWLER. 1 call for the reading of the
concurrent resolution.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I inquire, for informa-
tion, whether the votes of the State of Wiscon-
sin in 1856 for President and Vice President
were or were not counted by the joint conven-
tion?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. My recol-
lection is that they were counted after consid-
erable debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was not decided
whether they should be counted or not. It
did not affect the result.
Mr. SHERMAN. They were announced in
some such way as this.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They were not announced
at all.
Mr. I RUMBULL. If the Chair will pardon
mo, I will make a statement in regard to that
case. A controversy arose in the joint con-
