1802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
that it-never was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads; and how the
Committee gn Commerce usurps this business
from the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Post Offices I do not understand. The
business of commerce generally and the seal
fishery belongs to the Committee on Commerce;
but if they step in to regulate the question of
ocean postages I suppose we might as well
dispense with the honorable Senator from Min-
nesota and his committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. It has generally been
supposed that steamship navigation had some-
thing to do with commerce. It may be that
under the new dispensation of the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads they have the
control of steamships. It was unheard of be-
fore ; but if it should prove that the honorable
Senator from California is correct, and that
the post roads are intended to run the steam-
ships, then the Committee on Commerce was
out of place.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. This amendment is with-
drawn.
Mr. SUMNER. It Is not withdrawn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state that there is no amendment pending.
Mr. SUMNER. No amendment pending ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The "Senator
from California has withdrawn his amend-
ment ; and consequently, the amendment to it
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts fell
with it.
Mr. WILSON. I move it as an independent
amendment to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then that
amendment is before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that there is
no objection to this amendment in substance.
Mr. CONNESS. There is.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; none has yet
been presented. The objections that havobeen
presented have been only of form. There has
been a criticism on the committee that re-
ported it. Sir, what has that to do with the
amendment? Look at it on its merits ; judge
it by these. -If it has merit, why reject it
because it comes from the Committee on Com-
merce instead of the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads? I know not why the Com-
mittee on Commerce should not have jurisdic-
tion of this matter as well as the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads. It seems to me
that the subject belongs as much to the one as
to the other.
Now, sir, the Committee on Commerce, a
most respectable committee of this body, has
reported in favor of this proposition after care-
ful consideration, as the chairman has told us
just now. Why, then, are we reminded that
it is not reported by the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads ? Enough, sir, that it is
reported by a committee of this body. There-
fore it is in order when moved. And now I
ask you, sir, if there is no objection to it on
the merits, for that is the only question. I
see the Senator from Iowa just ready to spring ;
but he can have no objection to this proposi-
tion except the general objection that he makes
to almost everything. [Laughter.] There can
be no objection to this. It is, as my colleague
says, a fair proposition ; it is an honest prop-
osition ; it is one by which the Government
will lose nothing and the commercial interests
of this country will gain much—those interests
which since the rebellion and since the fitting
out of British cruisers have suffered so much,
and which now have a right to look to you for
a little aid. Give them this aid, then. It is
not much ; but give it to them and the country
will gain while its commerce will be extended.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, so far as it
relates to the controversy between the two
committees, I think myself the Committee on
Commerce is the proper committee to whom
such a proposition as this should be referred,
because, as X understand, all these subsidies
are claimed to be granted for the purpose of
extending and enlarging our commerce. It is
in other words to encourage ship building, and
I believe they have always been supported here
upon the patriotic principle that we did not de-
sire that our mails should be carried under auy
other than the American flag, if it were possible
that we could build or buy ships to sail under
the American flag; but i wish to say that this
subject has been under consideration, as I learn
from the newspapers, in Massachusetts as well
as in Washington.
Mr. 'SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. GRIMES. Although we have not a writ-
ten report from the committee of the Senate on
the subject of subsidies we have one from the
Legislative Assembly of the State of Massachu-
setts. If I am right about it—and the chairman
of the Committee' on Post Offices and Post
Roads will correct me if I am wrong—vse now
have our mails carried between our country
and Europe for the sea postage.
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes.
Mr. GRIMES. "Which amount to about one-
half of the entire postages, both inland and sea.
Mr. RAMSEY. Oh, no.
Mr. GRIMES. What is, the relative pro-
portion?
Mr. RAMSEY. The sea postage to England
is twelve cents and the inland postage three
Mr. GRIMES. What'is the average? That
is what I am talking about. • <
Mr. RAMSEY. Three to twelve. Theinland
postage is but- three cents, while the postage
to England and almost all European countries
is twelve cents. Our sea postages amount to
about seven hundred thousand dollars a year,
an4 the inland -postages on foreign letters
$100,000.
Mr. GRIMES. At any rate the proposition
is to give, under all the bills I have seen lying
on our tables, to these steamships, on patriotic
principles, the inland postage as well as the
sea-going postage. As I was saying, this sub-
ject has been under consideration in Massa-
chusetts as well as here, and I believe the prop-
osition now offered is peculiarly a Massachu-
setts bill. I hold in my hand the report of the
mercantile committee of the General Assembly
of the State of Massachusetts, to which I would
call the attention of the Senators from Massa-
chusetts and of the Senate. It is excellent
reading. The question was whether steps
should be taken by the Legislature of Massa-
chusetts to memorialize Congrees on the sub-
ject of steamships. I have cut the slip from a
newspaper, and I will ask the Clerk to read it
as a part of my remarks.
The Secretary read as follows :
M The committee of the Massachusetts Legislature
on mercantile affairs have just submitted an inter-
esting report on the depression ot commerce. They
refuse to memorialize Congress to subsidize steam-
ship companies, and give, among others, the follow-
ing conclusive reasons lor the refusal:
,4'In view of the restrictions now imposed upon
foreign commerce, the committee do notdeem it ex-
pedient to memorialize the General Government to
interpose for the purpose of promoting ocean steam
transportation, and beg leave to recommend that no
such application be made unless it is made as pait
and parcel of a general plan for the relief of foreign
commerce from the burdens and trammels which
our present system of United States laws for the col-
lection of revenue have imposed upon it. Your
committee cannot believe that our commerce with
foreign nations can be restored to a prosperous con-
dition by an artificial system of bounties or subsi-
dies rendered necessary m part, it at all, by the
artificial obstacles to foreign commerce which are
maintained under the name of revenue laws.
"* Of what use, wc may ask, is it to attempt to pro-
mote ocean steam transportation, which is but an
incident to commerce, if our whole policy is framed
for the purpose of preventing a free exchange of
our commodities and manufactures for those pro-
duced elsewhere, which exchange constitutes com-
merce itself?'"
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
say to the Senator from Iowa that it is an entire
mistake to suppose that the Boston board ever
adopted this report. Ithas never been adopted ;
it was right the reverse. „
Mr. GRIMES. What do you mean? Right
the reverse of what?
Mr. SUMNER. I will show the Senator. I
have in my hand a series of resolutions bearing
date February 24, 1869, adopted by the Legisla-
ture of Massachusettsin both its branches, and
which it is the duty of my colleague or myself
to present to the Senate. We have not thus
far discharged that duty. Therefore the Sen-
ator from Iowa may be pardoned for his igno-
rance with regard to the action of the Legisla-
ture of Massachusetts. These are as follows:.
44 Resolves in relation to American steamship com-
panies.
"Resolved, As the sense of the Legislature of Massa-
chusetts that the bill introduced into the Senate of'
the United States by our distinguished Senator, Hon.
Henry Wilson, entitled 'A bill to establish a. line
of American steamships between the United States
of America and Europe/ should at once be passed,
and that our Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress be requested to use all their influence to secure
the passage of said bill at the present session.
"lietsolved. That his Excellency, the Governor, be
requested to transmit a copy of these resolutions to
each of our Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress.
Mr. GRIMES. What has that to do with this?
Mr. SUMNER. It is on this very hill-
Mr. GRIMES. What has it to do with this
report ? Does the Senator say that what I pre-
sent is not an authentic report? .
Mr. SUMNER. I know nothing about that
report.
Mr. GRIMES. I find it published.
Mr. SUMNER. It has never been commu-
nicated to me.
Mr. GRIMES. I only saw it in the news-
papers.
Mr. SUMNER. I have not seen it in the
newspapers.
Mr. GRIMES. I know itis a very potential
argument, worthy of the Massachusetts Legis-
lature and of the intelligent gentlemen who
compose the mercantile committee, and I have
no doubt it would meet the approbation of the
Senators themselves if they would only suffer
it to be rea'd through. I hope the Senator [Mr.
Sumner] is willing to hear an expression of
sentiment on the part of the mercantile com-
mittee of the "General Assembly of Massachu-
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator knows now
what is the opinion of the Legislature of Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. GRIMES. I would respectfully inquire
what has become of my speech that I was mak-
ing? [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa has the floor. Does he request the
further reading of the paper?
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to say, in refer-
ence to the reading of this document, which is
a part of the speech of the honorable Senator
from Iowa, that I hope the reading will be fin-
ished. It is one of those free-trade documents
that the honorable Senator has been so indus-
trious in gathering up. I hope he will be
allowed to read it as a part of his remarks.
Mr. GRIMES. And one of the most hope-
ful signs in that connection is that it emanates
from Massachusetts; hence I want to put it
upon record.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts assumes that this was within the prov-
ince of the Committee on Commerce.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
feels obliged to arrest this debate and to ask
the Senator from Iowa if he requests the fur-
ther reading of this communication?
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to hear it read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
will be proceeded with.
The Secretary continued the reading, as
follows:
"As the Massachusetts Legislature has in its spe-
cial charge the interests of the Commonwealth, letus
glance at the position of the State in its relation to
other countries. We have a sterile soil, a harsh cli-
mate, and a more dense population than any other
State. Let us suppose that instead of being one
member of a gVeat nation our Commonwealth-had
been one independent community similar to one of
the lesser kingdoms or duchies of Germany, governed
by our own laws and-collecting our own revenue.
As a matter of course the same general principles
would have applied to Massachusetts which it is now
claimed to apply to the United States as a nation, it
would have been said that we should establish our
entire independence and make or raise everything
that we needed, could make or raise at all. Our nrst
need would have been to have protected our fanners,
and we should therefore have placed a heavy duty
l^pon the wheat of the Genesee valley and upon.tne
beef cattle of the prairies, for are wo not as a nation
