98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
let them have a drawback of twenty per cent,
which will leave the duty twenty-five per cent
to be paid. I think that ought to satisfy both
interests •
Mr. DPJGGS. Will the gentleman yield for
a question?
Mr, SCALDING-. It is getting rather late,
and I want a ,vote 011 my amendment.
Mr. DRIGGS. I wish to ask the gentleman
if that wili not be a drawbaok for about all
the duty imposed by this bill, which is about
twenty-two per cent.?
Mr. SPALDING.- ..No', sirj it is forty-five
per cent, ad valbrem, and my amendment
leaves it twenty-five per cent.
Mr. KELLEY. There is much said about
oppressing the shipping interest by the protec-
tion given to the copper interest. I want to
say that if the shipping interest of the country
will give to the owners of the copper fields the
same monopoly which the ship-owners now
have without any tariff they will be satisfied.
The law secures to American shipping a mo-
nopoly, not by a prohibitory tariff, but an abso-
lute monopoly of the coasting trade and river
trade of the country. It is greater than all
the foreign commerce of the world. There
never was such a monopoly. I approve it, and
I am willing to go further: I am willing, as
the gentleman from Maine knows, to remove
all tonnage duties from our internal trade, and
stimulate and develop by every means our
internal commerce.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman allow a
question ?
Mr. KELLEY. I have but five minutes, as
you said to other gentlemen who interrupted
you. Do not let that interest which is pro-
tected by the most absolute and grandest
monopoly the United States Government ever
conceded to any interest come here and cry
out against the copper interest of Lake Su-
perior, Virginia, North Carolina, Alabama,
and Tennessee, and ask to crush them all.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman is astray in his
figures.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amend-
ment to the amendment is exhausted.
The question being put on the amendment
of Mr. Spalding, there were—ayes 26, noes
'11 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had the state of the Union
gencrallyunder consideration, and particularly
the bill (II. R. No. 1349) to increase tho rev-
enue from duties on imports arid tending to
equalize exports and imports, and had oome
to no conclusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. ALLISON, (at
three o'clock and fifty-seven minutes p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e.? were presented
under the rules, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BLAIR: The petition of Charles
Ford and others, manufacturers and dealers in
tobacco, citizens of the third congressional dis-
trict of Michigan, for the repeal of parts of
sections seventy-eight and ninety-four of the
act imposing taxes on distilled spirits and to-
hacco, and for other purposes, approved July
20, 1808. 3
Also, the petition of Henry 0. Arnold and
others, to the same effect.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: The
petiiion of W. T. Richards, receiver of Christy,
Connell & Co., for pay for paving done in front
of the custom-house at New Orleans, Louisiana,
in 1860. '
Also, the petition of John Coleman, of John
Coleman & Co., for pay for paving done in
front of the mint, at New Orleans, Louisiana, in
1860.
By Mr. DONNELLY: The petitions of citi-
zens of Lake City and Red Wing, Minnesota,
asking for certain amendments to the act in
reference to distilled -spirits and tobacco, ap-
proved July 20, 1868, by repealing parts of
sections seventy-eight and ninety-four of the
same. t
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of Edward
Jjlobl &_Co. and 86 others, of Michigan, pray-
ing for the repeal of so much of sections seventy-
eightand ninety-fourof an act entitled "Auact
imposing taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,
and for other purposes," approved July. 20,
1868, in the words expressed in the petition.
By Mr. GETZ: A petition from tobacco
and cigar manufacturers of the city of Reading,
Pennsylvania, asking for the repeal of parts of
sections seventy-eight and ninety-four of the
act approved July 20, 1868, relative to the tax
on tobacco and cigars.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia : The
petition of B. Stanton and others, members of
the bar, practicing in the circuit court of the
United States for the district of West Virginia,
asking the passage of a law requiring said
court to be held in the city of Wheeling.
By Mr. HIGBY: The petition and accom-
panying papers of Green & Trainer, asking pay
of Congress for beef furnished to the Army.
By Mr. McCARTHY: A letter of George
Hall, in behalf of the claim of Thankful Shef-
field, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. MtLLER: The petition of Joseph
Stockbridge, late of company K, one hundred
and fifty-second regiment New York volun-
teers, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Flora D. McKay, widow
of John McKay, deceased, late a private in
company G, seventy-fourth New York volun-
teers, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Christian Miller, late of
company D, one hundred and twentieth regi-
ment New York volunteers, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Catharine Smith, widow
of Thomas Smith, deceased, late of company
B, thirteenth regiment New Y'ovk cavalry, for
a pension.
Also, the petition of Lavina Snow, mother
of George W. Snow, deceased, late of com-
pany A, fourteenth regiment New-York volun-
teers. for a pension.
Also, the petition of Mary Ann Boland,
widow of Peter Boland, deceased, late of com-
pany F, fifth regiment New York artillery, for
a pension.
Also, the petition of BarbaraDeitriok, widow
of George Deitrick, deceased, late of battery
B, first New York artillery battalion, for a
pension.
Also, the petition of Jeremiah Cole, late of
company A, one hundred and fifty-second regi-
ment New York voluntecrs, for a pension.
Also, the petition of EiglehartDieffenbocker,
late of company K, one hundred and fifty-
second regiment New York volunteers, for a
pension.
Also, the petition of William M. Hillraan,
late of company K, twenty fourth regiment
Indiana volunteers, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Noah H. Hutton, late
of company C, eighth regiment Indiana vol-
unteers, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Phineas G. Pearson, a
private in company C, second regiment Ohio
volunteers, during the Mexican war, for an
artificial limb.
Also, the petition of Phineas G. Pearson, a
private in company C, second regiment Ohio
volunteers, during the Mexican war, for back
pension.
Also, the petition of Andrew Terhune, late
of company D, seventeenth regiment Indiana
volunteers, for arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of Willis E'ioyd, late of
company F,, tenth regiment Indiana volun-
teers, for arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of John Clark, late of
company H, second regiment Kansas volun-
teers, for arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of Mary Carr, mother of
Richard H. Higgins, deceased, late of com-
pany I, thirty-third regiment Indiana volun-
teers, for arrears of pension. • •
. ByMr..PAlNE: The petition of G. Vanden-
burg, for compensation for property used by the
United States. ''
By Mr. RANDALL: The petition of letter-
carriers of the Philadelphia post office, asking
for an increase of'salary.
By Mr. STOKES : The petition of Charles
A. Frazer. late judge of the sixth judicial dis-
trict of Texas, asking to be relieved of his
political disability.
Also, the petition of Dr. L. Russell and Mary
■L. House Russell, praying compensation for
property used and injured by the Army.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of 0. B.
Tucker & Co. and 26 others, citizens of Three
Rivers, Michigan, praying Congress to repeal
certain section.! of the internal revenue law in
regard to taxes and stamps on tobacco.
Also, the petition of Bassett, Bates & Co.
and42others, citizensofKalamazoo, Michigan,
praying for the repeal of certain sections of tho
internal revenue law in regard to the tax upon
tobacco.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 16, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
Hon. J. C. Abbott, of North Carolina,
appeared in his seat to-day.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the
Interior, communicating; in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 14th instant,
the report of Jesse L. Williams, esq., Govern-
ment director of the Union Pacific railroad,
on the condition of that railroad ; which, on
motion of Mr. Conness, was referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
petitions and memorials.
The, PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memorial of the Universal Peace Union, pray-
ing the adoption of humane measures in the
treatment of the Indians; which was referred
to the.Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WARNER presented a petition of nine-
teen members of the Alabama Legislature,
praying for the establishment of a land office
at Gadsden, Alabama ; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
citizens of Indiana, prayingthat in any amend-
ment of the Constitution to extend or regulate
suffrage there be uo distinction between men
and women ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ROSS presented a petition of citizens
of Counpil Grove, Kansas, praying to be in-
demnified for loss of property by depredations
of Indians ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
reports of committees.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a resolution to
print fifteen hundred additional copies of the
report of the Columbian Institution for the
Deaf and Dumb for the use of the institution,
reported it without amendment; and the reso-
lution was considered and agreed to, as follows:
< Jiesohed, That the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing be, and he is hereby, authorized to print fifteen
hundred copies of the report of tho Columbian Insti-
tution for the Deaf and Dumb, with its appendix, for
the use of the institution.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (II. R.
No. 1460) regulating the duties on imported
copper and copper ores, reported it without
amendment.
payment op five-twenty bonds—specie.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance to report a resolution,
which I send to the desk to be read.
