1868.
Tfifi CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBfi.
m
The resolution was read, as follows : .
Resolved in the Senate, That neither public policy
nor the good faith of the nation will allow the re-
demption of the five-twenty bonds antil the United
States shall perform its primary duty of paying its
notes in coin or making them equivalent thereto;
and m ensurcsshould be adopted by Congress to secure
the resumption of specie payments at as early a period
as practicable.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am also directed by the
same committee to report back Senate joint
resolution No. 66, pledging llie faith of the
United States for the payment of the public
debt in coin or';its equivalent, introdaced at the
first session of the present Congress and re-
ferred to the committee, with a recommenda-
tion that it lie on the table, as the view of the
committee is embraced in the resolution already
reported.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution will lie oil the table if there be no
objection.
Mr. POMEROY. Do the committee rec-
ommend the passage of the resolution first
read ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; and I should
like to have the resolution passed now if the
Senate is ready for it; but I supposed it was
a subject that would excite debate, and there-
fore I simply reported it that it might take its
place on the Calendar.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought the Senator
moved that it lie on the table, and I did not
understand the meaning of that.
Mr. SHERMAN. It goes on the Calendar
to take its place, and I will call it up at the
first moment I cau do so, to get the sense of
the Senate on it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is a
' report of a committee not acted on when made,
and of course takes its place on the Calendar.
MONUMENT TO GENERAL KEARNY.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint resolu
tion (H. R. No. 375) donating condemned can-
non l'or the erection of a monument to Major
General Kearny, have instructed me to re-
port it back and recommend its passage. I
ask that the resolution be put on its passage
at this time. I am sure there will be no ob-
jection to it.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It is an authorization to the Secretary of War
to furnish such condemned iron cannon as may
be required, not exceeding four, for the com-
pletion of a monument at Tivoli, New York,
over the remains of the late Major General
Philip Kearny and other Union soldiers buried
at that place, who lost their lives in the late
war.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
DISCHARGE OF CRIMINALS IK VIRGINIA.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Rezohed, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
in.^tructed to inquire into thenecessity and practi-
cability of some immediate legislation to preventthe
discharge of persons convicted of crime from impris-
onment by the extraordinary decisions of the United
States district judge of Virginia.
No objection being made, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the resolution.
Mr. FERRY. I suggest to the Senator that
he had better strike out the word " extraordi-
nary."
ilr. WILLIAMS. No, sir; I think it might
be made stronger.
Mr. PERRY. I move, then, that the word
"extraordinary" be stricken out. I have no
objection to this inquiry, but I think an impu-
tation ought not to be cast upon the judge in
this manner.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am not very particular
as to the phraseology of the resolution; but it
seems to me that the word '•extraordinary" is
not misplaced, and that the decisions referred
to might be characterized in stronger terms
without any violation of propriety or right. I
have read some of those decisions, and they
proceed upon the ground that a person con-
victed before a judge who is not properly quali-
fied may be discharged from the judgment of
conviction, because the proceedings are void,
which is entirely in conflict with all decis-
ions that I have ever read or heard of upon
the subject. I have always understood that
the proceedings before a judge de facto, if he
was not properly qualified, were valid as be-
tween the litigants, particularly when they are
collaterally assailed.
Now, in this matter,' so far as the conviction
of persons in Virginia is concerned, it is alleged
that the judges who are holding the offices there,
some of them, if notall of them, are not quali-
fied according to the fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution ; that is, they have not taken
some oath or that they do not possess some
qualification prescribed by that amendment,
notwithstanding they are judges de facto and
have been acting as judges, and some hundreds
of persons, I believe, have been convicted of
crime in the courts held by them. If the decis-
ion of the LTnited States district judge is sus-
tained the prison-doors of that State or Terri-
tory, whatever it may be, are to be opened and
all prisoners convicted before these de facto
judges are to be discharged. I have never
heard of any precedent for any such proceed-
ings; and .therefore I characterize them as
extraordinary, because they are extraordinary.
They are unexampled, as I understand, and
without any parallel in the history of jurispru-
dence ; and I do not think that it is any disre-
spect to the judge to so describe them. It would
not be quite proper, it seems to me, to ask the
Committee on the Judiciary to inquire into an
ordinary decision by a judge. The decision must
be extraordinary or something unusual in order
to elicit attention from the committee.
Mr. FERRY. I know but little regarding
those decisions which have been made by the
district judge in Virginia, and for that very
reason I am unwilling to vote for a resolution
containing language which every person will
understand to cast some reflection upon the
character of those decisions. The resolution
is an instruction to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary to make an inquiry as to the necessity of
legislation growing out of certain decisions of
one of the Federal courts. Now, the ordinary
decisions of the Federal courts frequently
require legislation, and it might in the case of
the most correct judicial decisions be necessary
to enact laws the necessity of which, previous
to such decisions, had not been understood.
Hut this resolution in its present phraseology
does cast a reflection upon the decisions of one
of the Federal courts. I do not know whether
those decisions deserve that, reflection or not;
andbecauseldo notknow whether they deserve
it or not I am unwilling to vote that such a
reflection shall be incorporated in a common
ution of inquiry.
r. HOWARD. I ask for the reading of
resolution.
The Chief Clerk again read the resolution.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 would inquire what there
is "extraordinary" in the decisions of the
honorable judge referred to in that resolution?
I really do not; know; I am ignorant of it;
aud before I can vote for such a resolution as
that I should be very glad to be informed what
has been the nature of the decisions of which
the resolution impliedly complains. What is
the difficulty about them? In what sense are
they extraordinary?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Iam not verv particular
about the phraseology, as I said before. I will
state to the Senate the decisions that are made
by the United States district judge of Virginia,
as 1 understand them. He holds tliat all judicial
proceedings for the correction of persons ac-
cused of crime before the courts of Virginia are
void, for the reason that the judges are not
qualified to hold office according to the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution ; that
because a judge is not, as he holds, dejure a
judge, his proceedings as a de facto judge are
null and void in criminal cases. Where persons
have been tried in the usual manner before a
court and jury and convicted, and sentenced
to imprisonment or to Be hung; he holds upori
habeas corpus sued oat by such persons; that
they ought to be discharged, and that height
to treat all the proceedings before those'courts f
as utterly void, and in effect open the prison
doors of Virginia and discharge all pers&ns
confined fox the punishment of crime. That is
the purport of the decisions. " •
Mr. HOWARD. The statement of the'hon-
orable member from Oregon presents a. very
grave question, one which relates to the'valid-
ity of the fourteenth amendment of the Con-
stitution; as I apprehend, a questioti upon
which certainly gentlemen may very naturally
differ. I would therefere suggest to the hon-
orable Senator that fee strike out of his resolu-
tion the words which seem to Convey a reflec-
tion upon Judge Underwood, for £ believe
that is his name, and simply frame it so as to
require the committee to make an inquiry into
the facts and the law of the case.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am willing to accede to
the request of the honorable Senator; bat'I
do not acquiesce in the statement that tbfe
word "extraordinary" does cast any refla-
tion upon the United States district jndge o'f
Virginia, or that the validity of the fourteenth
amendmeut is involved. 1 supposed it was
necessary to express some reason why the Cow-
mittee on the Judiciary should be required to
review the decisions of a United States district
judge, for there would be little propriety ip
such a resolution if the decisions were of ao
ordinary character and description. But as it
seems to be the desire of Senators 'that the
word "extraordinary" should be removed
from the resolution, I consent to its amend-
ment in that respect.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The re^tf-
lution will be so modified if there be no objec-
tion. No objection being made,. the worll
"extraordinary" will be stricken out. The
question is upon the resolution as modified.
The resolution was agreed to.
PAY OP SOUTHERN SENATORS.
Mr. MORTON. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration-:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be
directed to pay to Senators from the States of North.
Carolina. South Carolina, Florida, Alabama, Arkan-
sas, and Louisiana the compensation allowed bylaw,
to be computed from the commencement of the
Fortieth Congress.
I simply desire to say that this resolution is
in the language of the report originally made
by the Committee on the Judiciary ; and I
understand further that it is in consonance with
the practice of the Senate for many years. I
would add that if it is in consonance with the
practice of the Senate there are peculiar rea-
sons why it should be applied in these cases.
I ask for the present consideration of the res-
olution.
Mr. FERRY. I object to its present con-
sideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The con-
sideration of the resolution being objected to,
it must go over under the rule.
Mr. FERRY subsequently said: I move to
take up the resolution offered by the Senator
from Indiana, to tlie consideration of which I
objected this morning, regarding the pay of
the Senators from the southern States, for the
purpose of moving its reference to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. I have consulted the
Senator from Indiana, and he assents to the
reference.
No objection being made, the resolution was
taken up, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 188) explanatory of ths
act to create an additional land office in the
State of Mitinesota, approved July, 1868; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should be glad to have
the Senate proceed to the immediate eonsidpr-
atiou of that joint resolution. It simply re-
