1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1051
vention as to what should be done and whether
a question that arose there could be decided
by the joint convention assembled together.
A debate occurred when the two Houses were
assembled, and some Senators insisted that it
was improper to take any vote when the two
Houses were together, as the Senate thereby lost
its character, the House being more numerous,
and although the Senate voted all one way they
might be voted down by the House. Sen-
ators insisted that no action should be taken,
and we withdrew here to this Chamber and
never did decide the question as to the vote
of the State of Wisconsin ; and that gave rise
to this joint rule, which was adopted afterward
to avoid those questions.
Mr. FERRY. What became of the votes
of Wisconsin ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was never decided
whether they should be counted or not.
Mr. FERRY. What was done in point of
fact?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The fact was announced
that Mr. Buchanan was elected President.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. By unanimous consent,
as I do not wish to violate the rule, I will ask
the Senator from Illinois one further question.
Is this joint rule, the same that was adopted
then in the case of Wisconsin?
Mr. TRUMBULL. This joint rule was
adopted afterward to avoid such difficulties. I
think this joint rule was adopted not more
than four years ago.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. What was done with
the vote of Wisconsin?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It never has been de-
cided whether it should be counted or not.
Mr. FUELINGHUI'SEN. I offer a reso-
lution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
resolution pending offered by the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. CONKLING. If it is in order—I do
not wish to debate it—I wish to read what was
done in the Wisconsin case. I have here the
Globe, showing precisely the form of the an-
nouncement in the instance referred to. I will
read it or send it to the Secretary to be read,
if it be the pleasure of the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope by unanimous
consent the Senator will be permitted to
read it.
Mr. CONKLING. I read from page 052
of the Congiessional Globe, Thirty-Fourth
Congress, third session:
" Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, one of the tellers, re-
ported. llesaid: Mr.President, Uio telleis appointed
on the part of the two Houses to eount and report the
votes given for President and Vice President of the
United States report that they have examined all
tne returns, and iiiul that they were all regular, and
that the votes were oast on the day required by law,
except in the case of the votes cast by the electors of
the State of Wisconsin. Their returns show that
they cast their electoral vote in that State on the 4th
of December instead of on the first Wednesday of
December {which was the 3d) as required by law.
All the returns &how that James Buchanan, of the
State of Pennsylvania, received 174 votes tor Pres-
ident of the United States; that John 0. Fremont,
of the State of California, received—including the
votes of Wisconsin—114 votes for President of the
United States; that MtUard Fillmore, of the State
of Now York, received 8 votes for President ot the
United States; that John C. Bieckinridse, of the
Stato of Kentucky, received 171 electoral votes for
Vice President ot the United States; that William
L. Dayton, of the State of New Jersey, received-
including (lie five votes of Wisconsin—114 doctoral
votes for Vice President of the United States: and
that Andrew Jackson Donelson, of the State of
Tennessee, received 8 electoral votes for the Vice
Presidency of the United States."
Then follows a full recapitulation of the votes
in tabular form, in which Wisconsin appears ;
"Mr. Letcher. Is it in order now to move to ex-
clude the vote of Wisconsin from that count?
"The Presiding Officer. No debate is in order,
in the opinion ot the Presiding Officer.
"Senator Crittenden. Do I understand the Chair
to dccide that Congress in no form has power to de-
cide upon the validity or invalidity of a vote?''
W S sf: *•
"The Presiding- Officer proceeded to recapitulate
the vote as announced to the iointconvention by Mr.
Jonks. of Tennessee, one of the tellers upon the part
ot the House, and then said: Thus it is reported by
the tellers that the whole number of electors ap-
pointed to vote for President and Vice President of
the United States is 296, of which 149 make a major-
ity. The state of the vote for President of the uni-
ted States, as delivered by the tellers, is—for James
Buchanan, of Pennsylvania, 174 votes; for John C.
Fr6inont. of California, 114 votos; for Millard Fill-
more, of New York, 8 votes; and the state of the vote
for Vice President ot the United States, as delivered
by the tellers, is—for John C. Breckinridge, of Ken-
tucky, 174 votes; for William L. Diiyton, of New
Jersey, 114 votes; and for Andrew J. Donelson, of
Xennefc&ee, 8 votes.'*
Mr. GRIMES. Does that include "Wisconsin?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
" In further execution of the concurrent order of
the two Houses, the Presiding Officer therefore de-
clares that James Buchanan, of the State of Penn-
sylvania, having the greatest number of votes for
President, thatnumber being a majority of the whole
number of electors, has been duly elected President
of the United States for the term prescribed by the
Constitution, to commence on the 4rhof March, 18o7.
I also declare that John C. Breckinridge, of the State
of Kentucky, having the greatest number of votes
for Vice President, and that number being a major-
ity of the whole number of electors, has been duly
elected Vice President of the United States for the
term prescribed by the Constitution, to commence
on the 4th day of March, 1857/'
And. then what followed?
" Mr. H. Marshall. Mr. President. I thi nk that it
is a matter of public importance, not tor this occa-
sion, but for some occasion which may arise here-
after, that therulingofthe Chair upon this occasion
should be publicly excepted to. I understand the
Chair to have ruled that it is within the competency
and function of the President of the Senate, in the
presence of the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, to open the certificates and to count the votes,
thereby giving tu the President of the Senate the
function of counting. Now, in the case which has
arisen—the case of Wisconsin—the President of the
Senate, through the tellers, announces the vote of
Wisconsin, and the vote of Wisconsin is therefore
counted upon your decision. W hcther that is a vote
or not must depend upon the determination of this
convention ; and, if you will regard the verbiage of
tho Constitution, you will tind that your lunction
goes no further than to open the certificates. The
language of tho Constitution i?, that 'the President
of the Senate, in tho presence of the House ot' Rep-
resentatives, shall open all the certificates;' and
then the phraseology changes and proceeds: 'and
the votes shall be counted,'not by you, but by us;
and whenever a vote is challenged, this is the time,
and this is the only place, where a determination
can be formed whether it is a vote. I merely want
to raise the point, as we all knowit makes no differ-
ence in theresult in this case, hut a casemight arise
in which it might make a difference."
Here follows alongdebate which I traversed
the other day, and it resulted as the honorable
Senator from Illinois mentions, in the two
Houses separating after a somewhat animated
discussion, to say the least, between the Chair
and various members of the convention, but
still the vote stood according to this record, as
declared and counted.
Mr. TilUMBULL. I have the Senate Journal
before me by which it will appear what officially
took place as recorded upon the Journals of
the two Houses:
" Mr. Bigler on the part of the tellers of tho two
Houses submitted the following report, which was
read:
" The tellers on the part of the two Houses report
that they have counted the votes of all the States, cast
for President and Vicc President of the United States
of America, for the constitutional term ot four years
irora the 4th day of Marcb, 1857. and find that on the
first Wednesday in Decembei, 1856, Ihcelectois of all
the States assembled in their respeetiveStat.es, being
the day prescribed by law for the assembling of tho
electors, except the electors for the State of Wiscon-
sin ; that of those who assembled and cast their votes
on the said first Wednesday of December, 1S56, James
Buchanan, of the State of Pennsylvania, received 174
votes for President of tbe United States; John C.
Fremont, of California, received 109 votes: and Mil-
lard Fillmore received 8 votes for the same office;
that for "Vice President of the United States, John
C. Breckinridge, of Kentucky received 174 votes;
William L. Dayton, of New Jersey, received 109 votes,
and Andrew J. Donelson, of Tennessee, received 8
votes; that from the report of the electors of the
State of Wisconsin, it appears that tho electors for
that State assembled in Madison,.the capital of that
State, on the 4th of December, 1856, the day after the
day prescribed for the meeting of the electors for
President and Vice President of the United States,
and so assembled on that day did cast the electoral
votes for that State, o for John C. Fremont, of Cali-
fornia, for President, and 5 forWilliam L. Dayton, of
New Jersey, for Vice President of the United States.
■« WILLIAM BIGLER,
" Teller on the putt of the Senate.
"GEORGE W. JONES, of Tennessee,
"WILLIAM A. HOWARD, of Michigan,
" Tellers on the port of the Bouse of Representatives.''
From which it appears that they did not in-
clude the vote of Wisconsin, but reported the
fact, and on that report the President of the
Senate announced that Mr. Buchanan was
elected President.
Mr. CONKLING. How many votes did he
announce that Mr. Buchanan received?
Mr. T&UMBTJLL. He announced that Mr,
Buchanan had of those assembled on the proper
day 174 electoral votes for President and John
C. Fr6mont 109 votes,'and then went on to
state what the State of Wisconsin did. That
was the official report of the tellers, and it
never was decided. I was present, and this is
in accordance strictly with my recollection.
This report is in the Senate Journal, required
to be there.
Mr. CONKLING. Was it a report made to
the Senate?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was the report made
by the tellers to the joint meeting of the two
Houses of Congress, signed by them and re-
corded here.
Mr. CONKLING. I, of course, know nothing
about this except what appears in the Globe.
Here is the report of the tellers taken down at
the time, and here is the table, and the vote of
Wisconsin does appear, not only in the table,
but in the footing and in the declaration of the
votes as well as in the count.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is the official report
signed by the tellers.
Mr. FRBLINGI-IUYSEN. The substance
of the resolution which I wish to offer, I see,
has been anticipated by the Senator from Ohio,
and 1 simply desire to say that that resolution
when reported will show that it proposes to
count the vote of Georgia and that it be an-
nounced under the concurrent resolution,
which, I think, there can be no question is the
proper way.
Mr. CONNBSS. I call for the reading of
the resolution.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Let me make
one remark and I shall be through. As to the
objection that the vote was not cast on the
proper day, 1 think if that question was before
us lor determination we would all agree that
that was a mere directory provision of the law
and that we would not change the Government
of the country or deprive the State of its vote
because it had not complied with so insub-
stantial a provision. Therefore, if we were just
considering that question we should admit the
vote of the State of Georgia. I hope the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Ohio will be adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not agree to that
doctrine.
Mr. DRAKE. I offer a substitute for the
resolution of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. CONNESS. Let the resolution be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution of the Senator from Ohio will first be
read.
The Chief Clerk. The resolution of the
Senator from Ohio is:
Resolved, That the vote of electors of the State of
Georgia be counted and announced in the mode pro-
vided by the concurrent resolution of tho8th of Feb-
ruary instant.
Mr. DRAKE. Now I ask for the reading
of my amendment.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out all after the word "resolved" and to in-
sert:
That upon tlio first ground of objection stated to
the counting of the electoral vote of the State of
Georgia it is the judgment of tho Senate that the
said vote should not be counted.
Mr. DRAKE. Upon that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. CONKLING-. What is the first ground—
that they voted on the wrong day?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. McPherson, Clerk of the House of
Representatives, appeared at the bar of the
Senate, and delivered the following message :
Mr. President, I am directed to inform the
Senate that the House of Representatives,
' upon the question, "Shall the electoral vote of
the State of Georgia be counted notwithstand-
ing the objections theretoY!! have voted in the
negative.
Mr. HOWE. Is the resolution pending sub-
ject to amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. An amend-
ment to the amendment may be offered.
