TH$ ■; OQNG-KESSION ALr eLOftl
December 16,
jiiQves an ambiguity in a bill we passed at the
close of- tl^eJast session, and it is Very import-
ant t|iat it should be passed. The chairman
tJjp.Copamittee on Public Lands has exam-
ined it*,and is satisfied.
Mr. EDMONDS. I think,it had better go
over. , , ....
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill goes.pver under tlj§ rule.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill {S.
No. 694) to relieve sundry citizens of Florida
ffoa disabilities; which was read twice by its
ijtle, and ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
60&) to provide a temporary government for
lie territory of 4-laska; which was read twice
.by its title, referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. G9G)
to establish certain post routes in Kansas;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
papers withdrawn and referred.
■ Mr. MORGAN submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the joint resolution and papers
authorizing the gale at public auction of certain sur-
plus books and documents now in tho custody of tho
Secretary of tho Interior bo taken from the files of
the Seoato and referred to tho joint Committoo on
the Library.
Ho also submitted the following resolution ;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the petition and papers for tho
preservation of tho harbors of tho Unitod States
Wrninst cncroaohmonts bo taken from the files of the
Senate and referred to tho Committee on Commerce.
He also submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to :
Resolved, That tho petition and papers in reference
to certain accounts on tho books of tho Treasury
Denftrttncntagainst,John A.Dix, RichardM.BIatch-
ford. and Oeoi'Ka Opdyko bo taken from tho files of
the Sena to and referred to tho Committee on Finance.
1UKB0B. OF MIDWAY ISLANDS.
Mr. CONNESS submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs bo
directed to inf"!—  n..
dienuy, find prof
to tho harbor of Midway . .. 
ocean, so us to afford a sato rendezvous and port of
refuse and report ior tho naval and merchant vessels
oi tho United States.
■ 1u5likf of destitute.
Mr. VICKIfiltS. I am instructor! by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to report a
bill for the temporary relief of the poor and
destitute of the District. The necessity for
$ome relief is so pressing that I ask the Senate,
on behalf of the committee, to consider the
bill at the present time.
By unanimous consent the bill (S. No. 6<J3)
for the temporary relief of the poor and desti-
tute people in the District of Columbia was
read three times and passed. It proposes to
appropriate §80,000 for the purpose indicated,
to be expended under the supervision and
direction of the mayor of the city of Washing-
ton, the mayor of the city of Georgetown, and
the president of the levy court of the District
of Columbia.
proof of wills.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 am instructed by the
Committee on the Dibtrict of Columbia to
report back the bill (S. No. 012).relating to
the proof of wills in the District of Columbia,
and to ask for its present consideration. It is
a small matter, and will occupy but little time;
but still it is of considerable importance.
By unanimous consent fhe bill was considered
as in Committee of tlie Whole. It provides
£hat whenever a Will or codicil shall be exhib-
ited for probate to;the orphans' court.of the
District of Columbia, if "any of the-witnesses
to .the same shall reside out of the District,
or l>e temporarily absent therefrom at the time
when the wijl or codicil shall be so exhib-
ited for probate, it shall and. may be lawful
for the court to issue, upon personal notice
of not less than twenty days, to all parties m
interest, a, commission to one or ijiore compe-
tent persons, to take the deposition of such
absent witness or witnesses, in such form as
the court may prescribe, touching the execu-
tion of such will or codicil, and the compe-
tency of the testator or testatrix, at the time
of its execution; and such deposition, when re-
turned to the court, is to be received therein as
competent evidence, and have the same force
and effect as if the witness or witnesses were
personally present and testifying in the court.
In all such cases the original will or codicil is
to accompany the commission, and be exhib-
ited to the witnesses so testifying.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator who reported this bill how it changes the
present law?
Mr. HARLAN. I will state that this bill
was introduced by the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Conklino,] and I will ask him to explain
the necessity of it, if he will be kind enough to
do so.
Mr. CONKLING. I did introduce this bill,
a long time ago, upon circumstances applica-
ble to one case particularly, which have now
faded somewhat from my recollection ; but, in
general terms, this is the state of facts which
led to the introduction of the bill. As the law
now stands, if a person die  in this District
leaving a will, and one of the witnesses be at a
long distance or sick, so as to be unable to
attend personally in court, there is no way of
making proof of the will or acting under it. It
has happened several times, as it did in the
case to which I refer, that a death took place,
with a considerable estate left, and the sub-
scribing witness was in a foreign land, to
remain for a long time, and thus all proceed-
ings were held in abeyance, awaiting the re-
turn, which possibly might never take place,
of the witness. In the event «f his hot return-
ing the testimony would be lost forever. In
the event of his coming back at a future time
delay would ensue. With that view, the prop-
osition is to enable a commission to issue or tes-
timony to be taken cle bene esse in the case of
a sick or absent person, so that the formal
proof may be made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My inquiry was based
upon the idea that possibly the laws of Mary-
land, which, I suppose, are in force in this
District on such subjects, directed the issuing
of commissions by a court having general juris-
diction, as a probate court generally has over
such a matter without any legislation. Cer-
tainly I have not any objection to this bill,
except that I think it is a little too stringent in,
the case of a witness who is permanentlf'
absent, rather than too liberal; and if the law
of Maryland is understood now to be in such a
condition as not to permit a probate court to
issue a commission, ceitainly there is no objec-
tion to this bill in that respect.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not before hear the
Senator as to his inquiry. I hear him now,
and I have only to say that, without having
had occasion myself to examine the question
at the time this bill was introduced, I was told
by counsel who had examined it that there was
no provision under which the orphans'court,
the place into which wills are carried here,
could supply itself with testimony except by
the personal presence of the subscribing wit-
nesses.
The bill was reported to the Seuate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am instructed by the
Committee on' the Judiciary, to whom were
referred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 184) for
the removal of political disabilities, and aljso
the bill (g.:No. 658) to remove political dis-
abilities, .to report thegQ back adversely.
I am also instructed by the sa,me committee,
to whoffi was referred the bill (S. No. 070) to
relieve sundry citizens of South Carolina from
"disabilities, to report it b?ick favorably, with an
•amendment; and if there be no objection I ask
for the consideration of the bill now, as there
are sotne reasons why it should pass before the
holidays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill now.
Mr. DRAKE. .1 ask "the Senator from Illi-
nois if,he will be so kind as to allow that bill to
rest until to-morrow ? I have received a letter
•from , a gentleman of great respectability in
South Carolina very strongly urging the remo-
val of political disabilities from a citizen of that
State. I have not the papers with me now, and
I do not know whether the name is embraced
in this bill or not; but I ask that it lie over
until to-morrow, by which time I can obtain
those papers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no sort of objec-
tion ; but the Senator from South Carolina,
who is interested in the matter, gave as a rea-
son that a number of the gentlemen included
in this bill have been elected to offices in South
Carolina, and it is necessary that they should
qualify by the 1st of January, and a postpone-
ment of the bill might delay it beyond the
holidays. That was the only reason, why I
asked for the present consideration of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. An objec-
tion carries it over. Is there any objection to
the present consideration of the bill I
Mr. DRAKE. Let it lie over until to-
morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it goes over.
pay fob government labor.'
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. C66.
Mr. CATTELL. I ask the indulgence of
the Senator from California to allow me to call
up the resolution of the Committeeon Finance
in regard to the President's message, which
ought to be promptly passed. It will give rise
to no discussion.
Mr. CONNESS. This bill will occupy a
great deal less time, and the Senator knows
that that resolution will .occupy the entire
morning hour. I hope he will let this bill be
acted upon, and then I will join him in taking
up that resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, to take up the bill (S. No. 666) fixing
the compensation for labor performed for the
Government of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Cal-
ifornia expects that bill to pas* without debate
r*I am sorry to inform him that he is mistaken.
I think the bill that we passed at the last ses-
sion was so vicious, so injurious to the public
service, that I could not allow this explanatory
bill to pass without considerable debate. I am
willing at any time to go into that debate ; but
I do not wish to crowd my friend from Indiana,
[Mr. Morton,] who desires to go on at one
o'clock with his remarks. I do not wish to
interfere at all with the management of the
bill, but I certainly wish to enter my protest
against it.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no objection that
the honorable Senator shall debate this bill,
and I should like to hear him. I should like,
indeed, to hear any Senator give a good rea-
son why it should not pass. I hope we shall
proceed with its consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the
question on the motion to take up the bill, and
declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the yeas and
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say to the Sen-
ate iq this connection that my purpose, of
course, |s not t.o intrude upon the Senator from
