1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1063
by the Senate alone to modify the con-current
resolution of the two Houses. That cannot be
done, in our judgment. The only question in
the raind of the Chair is whether the proposi-
tion now pending is a concurrent resolution
or a resolution of the Senate. If it is a con-
current resolution, the Senate has the same
power tha^jt had when it passed the original
measure, and can modify, change, or repeal
that concurrent resolution. It is not a rule,
but simply a resolution.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Upon that question
just now suggested by the Chair I wish to say
that the two Houses are engaged under a rule,
and I believe under a law, in a joint business,
and that that is the only business that can be
considered by the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And the Senate can-
not modify rules or take up any business ex-
cept the exact business that is before the two
bodies.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask for a decision.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to finish my
remarks.
Mr. CONNES8. I object to debate.
Mr. DRAKE, I object to further debate on
the question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not debating.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana is stating his question of
order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir; I intend it
to be understood. My point is that the con-
current resolution adopted on the 8th of Feb-
ruary cannot be modified pending this busi-
ness of the count of the vote for President and
Vice President.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As a de-
cision on that question is demanded 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I rise
to a point of order. As I understand, the
Chair has decided 
Mr. CONNESS. I object, Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The objec-
tion is not well taken.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am stating my point
of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin will state his point of
order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Chair has stated
himself that he acted from a doubt in his own
mind whether he should execute the concur-
rent resolution or not; that that was the oc-
casion of his directing the Senate to withdraw,
the doubt in his own mind on that subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not pre-
cisely, the Chair would state.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I so understood the
Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If a ques-
tion was raised involving the concurrent reso-
lution the Chair would have had no doubt about
it, but an objection was made going back of
that and resting oil different grounds not cov-
ered by that resolution. The Chair had no doubt
in joint convention that the concurrent resolu-
tion must be adhered to, at all events until it
should be repealed, and he would count the
vote according to the terms of that resolution ;
but there is an objection written out formally
here to counting the vote at all, because it is
said that it was not cast upon the day required
by law: nndthat was thequestion thatthe Chair
supposed was to be disposed of here.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The point of order which
I desire to state is this: that the concurrent
resolution does cover every objection to the
vote of Georgia, and the Chair ought to have
executed the order. That is the point of order
which I make.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, there is a
question of order before the Senate, raised by
the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. IIesdmcks.]
I ask a decision of the Chair on that question
first before any other question is received.
The PUBS ['DENT pro tempore. The Chair
rules, then, that it is not in order for the Sen-
ate to modify the resolution of both branches.
["That is right."]
Mr. DRAKE. Then the question is on my
amendment.
Mr. HOWE. I do not complain of the rul-
ing of the Chair, and am inclined to think it is
right; but the Senator from Indiana makes the
point of order on a motion to amend the res-
olution, and if his point of order is good it is
good against the resolution, and not against
the amendment proposed by me. If we can
entertain the resolution we can amend it. That
I wish to call the attention of the Chair to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I beg the Senator's
pardon. My point of order rests on the point
made by the Chair.
Mr. CONNESS. I object to this.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Chair's point was
that the first objection made by the member
from Massachusetts is not within the concur-
rent resolution, and that is the only question
the Senate can now consider in separate ses-
sion. We have got to decide that one ques-
tion, and nothing else.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for the question be-
fore the Senate, or for the Chair to execute its
order. If we debate we shall never arrive at
a decision of anything.
Mr. PERRY. Is there any question?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has no doubt about executing the order ; but
he wishes instructions upon the point raised
by the Representative from Massachusetts.
Does that go back of the concurrent resolu-
tion ? Is it outside of that resolution and not
covered by it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that point I have a
resolution to offer, though I do not know that
it is in order at this time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us see if the others
are not ruled out first.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You cannot tell whether
it is in order or not till I offer it. I offer this
resolution:
Resolved, That under the special order of the two
Houses respecting the electoral vote from the State
of Georgia the objections made to the counting of
the vote of the electors for the State of Georgia are
not in order.
I offer that upon the ground that the con-
current resolution, saying nothing about its pre-
amble, directs absolutely what treatment shall
be given to those votes, reasons or no reasons.
Several Senators. That is right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I like the resolution of
the Senator from Ohio better. It comes to the
same result.
Mr. CONNESS. If it comes to the same
result take either.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask for information whether
the decision of the Chair rules out my amend-
ment and the original resolution of the Sen-
ator from Ohio?
Mr. GRIMES. Of course it does.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is of opinion, since the point has been made,
that nothing would be in order except that the
Chair should receive a new direction to stand
by the concurrent resolution ; but that is un-
necessary, as the Chair will stand by that any-
how, unless it is modified. The only difficulty
is as to the point whether it covers "the objec-
tion raised by the member from Massachusetts.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to inquire whether,
if we adopt the proposition of the Senator
from Vermont or of the Senator from Ohio, the
other House having decided as it has, the re-
sult is that the vote of Georgia cannot be
counted anyhow?
Mr. COiJNESS. We do not know that. We
cannot tc-ll.
Mr. GRIMES. According to our rule it
cannot be counted.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It cannot be counted. All
we have to do is to get out of this scrape.
Mr. GRIMES. All we have to do is to pre-
serve our own consistency and vindicate it on
the record. - The vote of Georgia is thrown
aside anyhow.
Mr. CONNESS. Then let us get to a vote.
Mr. GRIMES. That is what I want.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has ruled these resolutions out of order; and
if there is no appeal the Chair will entertain
no modification of the coneursent resolution
of the two Houses.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I offer the resolu-
tion which I read.
Mr. FERRY. That will cover the whole
thing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read Mr. Edmunds's reso-
lution, as follows:
jResolved, That under the special order of the two
Houses respecting the electoral vote from the State
of Georgia the objections made to the counting of
the vote of the electors for the State of Georgia are
not in order.
Mr. CORBETT. Now, I call for the read-
ing of the concurrent resolution adopted on
the 8th instant, so that we can judge.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read if there be no objection.
The Secretary read the following concurrent
resolution of the two Houses:
Whereas the question whether the State of Geor-
gia has become and is entitled t6 representation in
the two Houses of Congress is now pending and un-
determined; and whereas by the joint resolution of
Congress passed July 20,1863, entitled "A resolution
excluding from the Electoral College votes of States
lately in rebellion which shall not have been reor-
ganized," it was provided that no electoral votes from
any of the States lately in rebellion should be re-
ceived or counted for President or Vice President of
the United States until, among other things, such
State should have bccome entitled to representation
in Congress pursuant to acts of Congress in that be-
half: Therefore,
Resolved, ^Chat on the assembling of the two Houses
on the second Wednesday of February, 1869, for tho
counting of the electoral votes for President and
Vice President, as provided by law and the joint
rules, if the counting or omitting to count the elect-
oral votes, if any, which may be presented as of the
State of Georgia shall not essentially change the re-
sult, in that case they shall be reported by the Pres-
ident of the Senate in the following manner: wero
the votes presented as of the State of Georgia to be
counted, the result would be, for for President
of the United States, votes: if not counted, for
 for President of tho United States, votes;
hat in either ease is elected President of the
United States; and in the same manner for Vice
President.
Mr. NYE. I want to ask a question. Is it
at all material, after the resolution we have
received from the House of Representatives,
what the action of this body is ?
Mr. GRIMES. Not at all.
Mr. NYE. The vote of Georgia cannot be
counted. That is settled.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senate to per-
mit me to make a statement. I have no other
interest except to preserve the propriety of our
action and prevent getting into a wrangle that
will be disreputable to the Congress of the
United States in both of its branches. It
would relieve us of any difficulty if we adopted
the same course that was adopted when Mr.
Buchanan was elected. The President pro
tempore of the Senate then announced that
" James Buchanan, of the State of Pennsyl-
vania, having received the greatest number of
votes for President, and that number being a
majority of the whole number of electors, has
been duly elected." It is not necessary to say
how many votes he received.
Mr. EDM UNDS. That is changing the rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; it is not changing
the rule. The rule provides what isto be done
with Georgia—that her vote shall be neither
rejected nor received. The Senator from
Nevada asks if the vote of Georgia can be
counted when the other House has decided
against it. Certainly. The Senate will never
admit that the House of Representatives can
settle by itself the votes which shall be counted.
Mr. EDM ONDS. You have admitted it in
the twenty-second joint rule. It says in ex-
press terms, "and no vote objected to shall be
counted, except by the concurrent vote ot the
two Houses." .
Mr. TRUMBULL. We must concur with
the House of Representatives.
Mr. NYE- Not at all. It the other House
says it shall not be counted it cannot be.
