1806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think myself
it ought not to be.
Mr. HO WE. I also think it ought not to be
agreed to. The committee had no information
before them on the subject, and it was stricken
out because we found that only $20;000 was
appropriated last year; but I learn since that
this is to replace a former appropriation which
was made away with.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The secretary of th? Ter-
ritory absconded with it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Thayer
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the committee striking out this clause.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in the appropri-
ations for Montana Territory, after line one
hundred and seventy to strike out the following
clause:
For amount required to payoutstandingliabilities
on account of compensation and mileage of members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and con-
tingent expenses of the Assembly, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out after
line one hundred and ninety-one the following
clause:
For compensation and mileage of the members of
the Legislative Assembly and pay ot officers and
clerks and contingent expenses of the Assembly,
$10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
one hundred and ninety-four the following:
Interior Department:
For amount to supply deficiency in t"he contingent
expenses of the Indian department, $11,500.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to have an
explanation of that amendment before it is
adopted. If there is no explanation I hope it
may may not be adopted.
Mr. HOWE. Let that be passed by for the
present.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. It will be
laid aside for the present.
The next amendment was to insert after line
two hundred and seventeen the following
words:
For the construction of a barge office at New York,
$50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. As I understand from
the Senator in charge of this bill that amend-
ments are being made other than those re-
ported by thecommittee, asWego along, I desire
to move an amendment to come in on page 6.
It is the amendment of which I gave notice.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. We are now
proceeding with the committee's amendments.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope this amendment
will be allowed to go in now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Butyouwillgo
away if we agree to the amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. Oh, no; I will not. It
is to insert on page 6, after line one hundred
and twenty-three, the following:
For Congressional Globe and Appendix, $29,842, or
so much thereof as may be necessnrv to complete the
woi k under the contract expiring March 3, lbby.
This is required for the Senate precisely as
the similar appropriations in the bill are re-
quired for the House. On account of the
extra sessions that we had last year the appro-
priation is short.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill to the following clause:
For the construction of a publie building at Spring-
field, Illinois, for a court-house and post_office, and
the accommodation of officers of the United States,
$25,000.
Mr. WARNER. I should like to have an
explanation from the Senator from Illinois as
to the necessity of a court-house and post
office at Springfield, Illinois, as he did not seem
to think there was any necessity for one at
Springfield, Ohio.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senatorfrom Ala-
bama must perceive that this is a building at
the capital of the State of Illinois. One of
these buildings is in the capital of the State,
and there is an appropriation here for another
at Cairo, where there is not only a post office,
but a custom-house, and also a court-room,
and it has been customary, I believe, always
for the Government of the United States to
provide a public building for custom-houses,
court-houses, and post offices where they were
all together. There is no custom-house, I sup-
pose, at Springfield, Ohio, and no terms of the
United States courts held there.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No amend-
ment is offered to this clause, and the reading
will be proceeded with.
The next amendment of the committee was
after line two hundred and thirty-three to strike
out the following clause :
For continuing the work on the marine hospital
at Chicago, $25,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope those words will
not be stricken out. The Secretary of the
Treasury and the architect who is the super-
intendent of these public works have recom-
mended an appropriation for a larger amount
than this—$50,000,1 think. This is for a de-
ficiency upon the work on the marine hospital
in the city of Chicago. It is partly constructed.
The walls are np, certainly above the first story,
and the building is there in that half-finished
state, subject to the weather, and I suppose
this, being in a deficiency bill, is probably to
pay liabilities already existing.
Mr. ANTHONY. What do you want a
marine hospital at Chicago for ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why, we have more
commerce at Chicago than Rhode Island ever
saw. The Senator from Rhode Island prob-
ably is not aware of the number of vessels and
seamen that go into Chicago.
Mr. ANTHONY. Flat-boats, I suppose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The city of Providence,
Rhode Island, could be set down at Chicago
and would hardly be noticed. I hope the com-
mittee will consent to let these words stand.
They come from the House, and it is evidently
an appropriation that is absolutely necessary
in the condition of things there. It is not a
question now as to the building of a marine
hospital. That has been undertaken under
authority of law. The 'building has cost more
than it ought to cost. I agree to that. I do
not propose to go into a discussion of this sub-
ject. I trust the committee will see the pro-
priety of letting this appropriation stand.
Mr. HOWE. The Senate will do as they
think expedient about this amendment. In
my own judgment, this whole business of
building marine hospitals is a profound mis-
take, not to call it by any harsher name than
that. And yet the Government has under-
taken it in a great many places, and has spent,
I think, seven pr eight million dollars in the
construction of marine hospitals. They are
expending somewhere from two to three hun-
dred thousand dollars a year in taking care
or professedly in taking care of invalid sailors.
I think all these appropriations are entirely
wrong. But in pursuance of this system the
Government undertook to build a hospital at
Chicago, and built one, and finished it, and
finished the grounds all complete; and a few
years ago passed an act authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to sell that hospital and
grounds, and buy another site in or near Chi-
cago, and build another hospital, upon the
condition that the amount to be expended in
purchasing the new site and building the new
hospital should not be more than was received
on the sale of the old one. They sold the old
hospital for something less than one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars, I believe—some-
where from one hundred and thirty to one hun-
dred and forty thousand dollars—and they have
been constructing, I understand, a new hos-
pital. I find here an appropriation of $25,000
as a deficiency. For the work of the current
year I believe there is an estimate for $100,000,
to be spent the , next fiscal year. What the
present purpose is, how much it is proposed
now to expend on that hospital, I do not know.
It seems to me that the Government ought not
to expend a dollar ; it ought to sell what it has
there, and ought to sell what it has in every
other marine hospital. I want to say once
more what I said here last year, that there is
no reason in the world why the Government
should take upon itself the support of the sail-
ors employed in the marine service any more
than there is why they should undertake to
support the farmers, the tillers of the soil, or
the operatives in your factories.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That opens a great ques-
tion to determine whether we should dispense
with all the marine hospitals in the country or
not. It is hardly worth while, I think, to dis-
cuss that question in reference to this appro-
priation. Here is a building partly finished,
and the proper Department recommends this
appropriation for a deficiency. It seems to me
it is one of those cases that if we appropriate
any money anywhere on any showing we must
do it here. I trust the words will notbe stricken
out. I could go into a statement that would
show that there is a necessity for a marine hos-
pital at Chicago; but I do not propose to do it
on the present occasion,' as I am anxious that
this bill should pass as early as possible. I
trust the Senate will not agree with the com-
mittee in striking out this proposition as it has
been put in by the House.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senatorfrom Illinois,
who is usually as jealous of making unneces-
sary appropriations as any one, what means
we have of enforcing laws which impose restric-
tions upon expenditures if just as often as those
laws are violated we assent to the violation ?
When the work of building this hospital was
undertaken there was the express command of
law upon the Treasury Department not to ex-
ceed the amount received from that hospital.
They go on in open defiance of that, and simply
come in here and ask us to appropriate year
after year additional sums of money to do this
work, when we told them it should be done
for a given sum. If we vote this money what
use is it to put conditions upon the expendi-
tures?
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 quite agree with the
Senatorfrom Wisconsin that it is very improper
to enter into contracts for erecting bdildmgs to
cost more than the appropriations ; butitisthe
way all our public buildings are built. You
will see in this very bill numerous appropri-
ations to go on in the construction of works.
We appropriate perhaps §100,000 for a custom-
house in Boston or in Charleston; and we have
got a law, or ought to have one, requiring the
officers charged with the Construction of these
buildings not to enter into contracts for the
erection of buildings to exceed the amount of
the appropriations. That has been the law,
and I think is the law now; and yet they cost
a great deal more. I think that is wrong. I
struggled here in the Senate some years ago to
try and prevent that. In this very case the
direction of the law was to sell the old hospital
and with the funds arising from the sale to pur-
chase a site and erect another. I do not know
that there were any words of prohibition in
the statute.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir; express.
Mr. TRUMBULL. At any rate, it meant
that the new building was to be put up with
that amount. Instead of that they are making
it cost very considerably more ; I do not know
the exact amount. The Senator is right as to
the purport of the law. I do not know whether
the words were express words of prohibition,
but at any rate that was the fair construction
of the act. That was not done. You find the
same thing here:
For the construction of a public building at Spring-
field, Illinois, for a court-house and post office and
the accommodation of officers of tire United Statos.
$25,000.
Then follows an appropriation for appraisers'
stores at Philadelphia, and an appropriation
for a custom-house at St. Paul, Minnesota;
but there was an appropriation originally of a
certain amount to erect all these buildings in
the first place. What authority, I ask'the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, had the officer charged
t with the construction of a custom-house and
court-house, if you please, at Springfield, when
