10?
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
December 16,
i
. Mr. MOETON. Mr. President, among the
mighty changes wrought by the war is the revo-
lution in the character of our currency. The
war found us with gold and silver a part of the
circulating medium, and with a convertible
paper currency, the issues of local banks cre-
ated by authority of the several States. When
it ended, gold and silver and this bank paper
had been banished from the circulation, and in
their places substituted the notes of the Gov-
ernment and of the national banks.
The great problem now to be solved is to
reintroduce into the currency gold and silver,
which can be done only by making the notes
of the Government and of the national banks
convertible into coin at par. These notes are
now greatly depreciated, and since the 1st of
July gold has fluctuated between thirty-two and
a half and forty-nine cents premium. These
fluctuations in the value of the currency affect
every kind of business disastrously. Theprices
of provisions, goods, and labor change from
month to month. Every branch of legitimate
business which depends upon small but regular
profits is greatly impaired. With such fluctua-
tions in the value of the currency, in the cost
of living, in the profits of business, and the
value of everything that enters into trade,
together with the painful uncertainty that hangs
over the whole financial policy of the country,
men hesitate to engage in new enterprises or
to make new investments in business. The
prudent capitalist is standing still, awaiting the
course of events and the establishment of some
definite financial policy by which he can judge
of the future. Il is impossible to calculate the
aggregate loss to Ihe country, even in one year,
by this state of things, or to estimate the suffer-
ing and destitution produced by stagnation of
businessand the want of employment for labor ;
and it is not only the business but the impera-
tive duty of Congress to address itself to the
great work of reform by adopting such legisla-
tion, if possible, whereby the currency shall be
made good and business be made to flow on
prosperously through its regular channels. The
business transactions of the country, amount-
ing to many thousand million dollars in the
course of the year, are conducted through the
medium of the currency, and if the currency
is depreciated, fluctuating, and deceptive, the
prosperity of the country must inevitably be
seriously injured and its general progress and
development delayed.
The question to which I invite the attention
of the Senate to-day is whether such legisla-
tion may be had, and a plan adopted whereby
the currency can be made good and the Gov-
ernment xeturn to specie payments without
producing a crash or great commercial dis-
tress.
And first, 1 will consider some of the difficul-
ties which, it is urged, will prevent a return to
specie payments.
It is said by many that the currency is re-
dundant, and that we cannot return to specie
payments until contraction has taken place.
VVe are referred to the fact that before the
war, in 1800, the entire bank circulation was
but $202,000,000, and the specie in the vaults
of the banks about eighty-eight million dollars,
making less than three hundred million dollars.
But at that time gold and silver were in circu-
lation as a part of the currency, and it is prob-
able that there was more than one hundred
and fifty million dollars in the country beside
that which was held in the banks. This would
bring up the mixed currency to nearly four
hundred and fifty million dollars. The Director
of the Mint in Philadelphia in 1861 estimated
the amount of gold and silver in the country at
$275,000,000, which is nearly fifty millions be-
yond my estimate. Buttliere was another form
of currency then much more in use than now,
which must,not beoverlooked in considering the
aggregate currency of the eountify. The paper
money consisted of the issues of local bauks,
and was not current except in the locality of
the banks by which it was issued. Then the
paper money of the northwestern, southern,
ana southwestern Statfe's waS not current in
New York, and was not received therein pay-
mentof debts. The batik notesofthe northern
States were not current in the southern States,
and vice versa. Hcnee the payment of debts
and commercial transactions between different
parts of the country were conducted by bills
of exchange, which amounted to many hun-
dred million dollars during the year. This
form of currency is still used, but not nearly
to the same extent as before the war. Now
the greenbacks and national bank notes are
of equal value in every part of the 'United
States, and are transmitted in paymentof debts
and transactions of business from one part of
the country to another, by means of express
companies and otherwise, to the amount of
many hundred millions every year. The books
of the express companies show an immense
transportation of paper money, the amount of
which cannot be accurately ascertained. But
it would lea moderate computation to say that
$100,000,000 of our currency are now used in
that way, which was before the war supplied
by bills of exchange and promissory notes.
And when we consider the progress of the
country since 1800, the rapid development and
opening up of the western States and Terri-
tories, the vast extension of business, the mag-
nitude of the national debt, the necessary col-
lection of large revenues, and the greatly in-
creased expenses of the Government in its
general administration,we may reasonably con-
clude that there is an actual demand for an
increase of the currency over the wants of18o0
to the amountof at least $150,000,000. There-
fore, when you add to the actual currency of
18G0—about four hundred and fifty million dol-
lars—the amountof currency now used in the
place of former billsofexchangcand promissory
notes, and the increased demand for currency
otherwise growing out of the causes referred
to, it is doubtful whether the currency is more
redundant now than it was in 1800, wh n the
banks were paying specie. And if not re-
dundant, then contraction is not a necessary
preliminary measure to a return to specie
payments.
Again, it is said that the Government can-
not return to specie payments until after we
have checked the flow of our gold to Europe
by largely reducing our importations of for-
eign goods. This is a clear case of putting the
disease for the remedy. Gold, like every other
commodity, is governed by the great commer-
cial law of demand and supply. It goes where
it is needed, and leaves the country where it
is not, in demand. In this country there is now
but one demand for gold, which is to pay duties
on imports. The great use to which it is ordi-
narily applied, to constitute a currency and
medium of exchange, has been cut off for five
years, and our gold has steadily flowed into
other countiies where it is demanded for a
currency.
In whatever country paper money has been
made a legal tender, it has invariably driven
gold and silver from the circulation, and in
great part from the country. Thus it is that
Canada is now flooded with American silver.
Thus it is that American gold has gone to
Europe in a steady stream for five years. Thus
it was during the French revolution, when the
assignats, a legal-tender currency like our
own, drove French gold into all of the neigh-
boring countries, so that when the assignats
finally collapsed, as they did in a single day,
France found herself almost destitute of coii.
And thus it was during the long suspension of
the Bank of England, when English gold went
steadily out, and was only recalled by the prep-
arations made to return to specie payments.
We cannot retain our gold at home except
by making a demand for it. The holders of it
are not patriotic enough to keep it here for
nothing. If we would reduce the importa-
tion of foreigtf goods we must withhold the
gold with which they are purchased. And
this we cannot do except by making it more
profitable to keep it at home than to send it
abroad. Until we create this home demand
thfe annual p'roduc't of tfur minfes in chief part
will goto England, France, and Germany to
swell the rich v'olume of their currency.
Again, it is said that specie payments cannot
be brought about by special legislation, or
materially aided thereby, but can be produced
only by the operation of general causes, such
as the increase of thp tariff, the increase of
population and development of the resources
of the country, whereby the general credit of
the Government will be improved. To under-
stand the merits of this proposition we must
consider what are the causes of the deprecia-
tion of the currency, and this I will do in
answering another proposition which is said to
present the best and readiest method of return-
ing to specie payments. It is alleged that we
can only r.tise the value of our currency by
raising the value of our bonds in the market;
that as we bring up the price of our bonds we
shall thereby bring up the value of green-
backs,; that we can only improve the value of
the currency by improving the general credit
of the Government, as shown by the value of
our stocks, and to this end the surplus gold in
the Treasury and that which is to .accrue
should be applied to the purchase of our bonds
in the market, to be canceled, thus diminishing
the number of them and improving the value
of the balance.
This view of the question I hold to be a total
misconception. I do not believe that the ex-
istence of our bonded debt has anything, or
scarcely anything, to do with the depreciation
of our currency. I believe our currency would
be depreciated as it is if the Government did
not owe a single bond or if all our bonds were
at par. Why is our currency depreciated?
And why would it be depreciated if the Gov-
ernment did not owe a single bond ? Because
the greenback note is a promise by the Gov-
ernment to pay so many dollars on demand,
which it does not pay. The promise is daily
broken, and has long been dishonored. The
note draws no interest, and the Government.has
fixed no time when it will pay it. Under such
circumstances the note must be depreciated.
The solvency or ultimate ability of the promissor
never kept overdue paper at par, and never will.
To do that something more is required than
the ultimate wealth or ability of the promissor.
There must be certainty in the payment and
time of payment, and if the time of payment
be deferred compensation must be made by the
payment of interest. Let me suppose, by way
of argument, that A. T. Stewart, the great
merchant in New York^should pay off his nu-
merous employes in due-bills or notes payable
on demand, which draw no interest, and which
he refuses to pay on demand and will fix no
time when he will. Notwithstanding his im-
mense wealth and bis entire ability to pay, his
notes would inevitably depreciate, and could
only be sold at a large discount, which would
be increased if it were admitted that there was
no legal remedy by which he could be com-
pelled to pay them. One of the wealthiest
men in the Northwest, now dead, who left some
five million dollars to be divided among his
heirs, had an unfortunate habit of refusing to
pay his small debts. Instead of paying he
would give his notes for them, refuse to pay the
notes at maturity, suffer himself to be sued,
then hire a lawyer to fight the cases. The result
was that his paper was hawked about the streets
at sixty or seventy cents on the dollar, while,
perhaps, that of his near neighbor, who kept a
small store and was only worth $10,000, but
who was prompt in the payment of his debts,
could be sold at a very small discount.
In overcoming the depreciation of the cur-
rency we have to overcome the difference in
value between the greenback currency and the
like amount of gold, and not the difference
between two thousand millions of bonded debt
and two thousand millions in gold. Even if
the credit of the Government was so greatly
impaired as that her bonds were not worth
twenty-five cents on the dollar, still it would
not be impossible to make the currency good
and keep it at ,par. If the Government did
not owe a single tfond the value of dur cur-
