1868.
KBBE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rency could not be improved, except by mak-
ing arrangements to redfeem it; and if the
Government does make arrangements to re-
deem it the existence of the bonded debt will
not prevent the improvement in its value. If
we should take the surplus gold in the Treas-
ury and that which is to accrue and use it in
the purchase of bonds in the market, to be
canceled as purchased, we should inevitably
further depreciate thevaiue of the greenbacks.
The explanation of this effect is simple. By
taking the gold, which is the only means by
which the greenbacks can be redeemed, and
applying it to the purchase of bonds, it puts
the redemption of the greenbacks out of the
power of the Government, and proclaims to
the world that it does not intend to return to
specie payments.
The proposal to improve our currency by
falsing our surplus gold and investing it in
bonds would be regarded by capitalists as ab-
surd. The gold thus paid out would not enter
into the circulation, but would sink back into
an article of merchandise to be gambled for,
as it now is in Wall street. What would the
world think of the morality of such an opera-
tion? We have $356,000,000 of the public
debt overdue and drawing no interest, and we
take the only means of paying this debt and
apply it to the purchase, at a discount, of our
bonds, which will not be due under fourteen
years. What would be said of the integrity
of the man who should refuse to pay his debts
which are due, leaving his creditors to suffer
great loss, and should employ his money to buy
up at a heavy shave his debts that will not be
due under ten or fifteen years? Plain people
would call such a man rascal and swindler, and
would speak of the Government in the same
terms under the same circumstances. The
pretense that it was done to improve the value
of thecurrency would deceive nobody. Suclia
plan of returning to specie payments is worthy
of the circumlocution office, and should be
labeled " How not to do it."
The greenback currency is a part of the
public debt, for the redemption of which the
faith of the nation is solemnly pledged. The
redemption of this pledge is not only demanded
by every principle of national honor, but is
imperatively demanded by the interests of the
people, collectively and individually. The
currency of a country lies at the foundation
of its daily business and vitally affects the in-
terest of every class and condition of people,
and if the Government, overlooking its honor
and its duty, should take the only means by
which it can be improved and apply it to the
purchase of bonds which will not be due for
many years it would merit and receive the
indignation and contempt of honest men every-
where.
But it is said thatif the Government reserves
and holds the surplus gold in the Treasury, to
be applied to the redemption of the greenback
currency at some future time, to be fixed' by
law, it will suffer great loss in the interest on
the gold thus held in reserve. In one point of
view this objection is well taken. But what
else can we do? Is it not a difficulty to be en-
countered by every debtor who collects and
holds the money wherewith to finally pay his
debts? If a man owe $1,000 can he pay it
in any other way than by collecting the money
for that purpose and holding it until he gets
enough to meet his debt? The Government
owes a debt which can only be paid in gold,
and it must, if it intends to pay it, collect the
necessary amount in gold. If the debt was of
that nature that the gold could be paid out on
it as soon as collected, of course it should be
done; but the debt is not of that nature. If
the Governmentshould pay out the gold as fast
as it is received in the redemption of the green-
back currency it would fail to bring the re-
mainder of the currency up to par, and the
gold thus paid out would not enter into the
circulation, but would sink hack into an article
of merchandise such as it now is. The redemp-
tion of the greenback currency should not begin
until'the Government is prepared to redfeem
all that may be presented, for this would at
once bring the whole body of the currency to
par, and the gold paid out would go into the
circulation and take the place of the paper
money redeemed. But if paid out by piece-
meal in advance it would not go into circula-
tion or bring up the balance of the currency to
par. But what will be the actual loss of the
interest on the gold held in reserve compared
with the lpss sustained by the great mass of the
people in their labor, trade,-and property, to
be suffered by the continuance of the present
condition of the currency? Scarcely as one
dollar is to a hundred. The losses by the fail-
ure to employ labor; by the stagnation of busi-
ness ; by the paralysis of trade; by the delay
in general progress and development, brought
about by depreciated, fluctuating, and decep-
tive currency, when estimated in dollars, would
form a vast sum, compared with which the loss
of interest on the reserved gold would be a mere
bagatelle.
But if we do not obtain the gold to redeem
the greenback currency in the mauner proposed,
in what other way or at what time shall it be
obtained? Shall the Government go into Wall
street and buy it like the importers or the gam-
blers? Or shall we sell new bonds in Europe
at seventy or seventy-two cents on the dollar
and obtain it in that way ? Will it be easier to
begin the process at the end of five years, the
nation suffering in the mean time all the evils
and losses of depreciation? Shall the nation
stand shivering for years on the banks of this
Jordan and then make the plunge when the
waters are deeper, swifter, and colder than
now? Such is not the part of wisdom or
patriotic statesmanship.
If an individual fails to pay Iiis debts pay-
ment may be enforced by the law against his
property, but against the Government there is
no such remedy. What would be mere neglect
or failure, therefore, on the part of an individual
would be repudiation by a Government.
If the greenback note is to be regarded as an
obligation for the payment of which the faith
of the Government is pledged the continued
failure of the Government to make any pro-
vision for its redemption cannot be regarded in
any other light than repudiation. When the
first of these notes were issued it was provided
that they might be funded into the five-twenty
bonds, but that provision was shortly after
repealed, and they now stand in the nature of
a forced loan, drawing no interest, and, for all
that appears, are to be left to perish in the
hands of the people.
If when the five-twenty bonds fall due the
Government should fail to pay them, or to
make any satisfactory provision for fu nding
them into a new bond, the cry of repudiation
would at once be raised ; and yet it cannot be
shown that the legal and moral obligation to
pay those bonds at maturity is greater than
that resting on the Government to make prompt
provision for the redemption of the greenback
currency. The legal obligation is no greater,
and the moral obligation hardly so strong ; for
the greenback notes are in fact the people's
bonds, the bonds of the million, in which are
invested the laborer's toil and the meager
profits of the humble occupations in life, which,
more than any others, demand the fostering
and protecting care of the Government.
But while it is true that the discount pn our
bonds has- little, if anything, to do with the
depreciation of our currency, it is also true
that the depreciation of the currency has much
to do with the discount on the bonds. I do not
believe that our bonds will ever reach par, or
approach it nearly, until the currency is made
good.
The legal-tender currency of a country bears
an intimate and, perhaps, a mysterious rela-
tion to every form of credit and security, both
public and private, and if it be depreciated
inevitably drags them down to its own level.
This I state as a general proposition, to which
there maybe a few exceptions, dependent upon
grounds which can be readily explained. The
legal-tender currency is at par in contempla-
tion of law and in the payment of debts, though
it may not be worth six cents' on the dollar.
It i3 the "par" and measure of price and
value reeognized in all the ordinary business
of the country. The prices of property and
all articles of trade are not given at. so much
in gold, but in greenbacks, and the legal-ten-
der value of the greenbacks is so identified in
the public mind with the measurement iti price
of every species of property, merchandise, and
labor, that it assimilates to itself as well the
price of securities, even though by their terms
they may be made expressly payable in gold.
We find a full illustration of the operation
of this principle in the history of the five-twentv
and ten-forty bonds. These bonds were sold
at par by the Government for greenbacks when
the greenbacks ranged in value, at different
times, from ninety to thirty.-foiir cents on the
dollar. Whatever might be the value of the
greenback dollar, the bonds were still sold at
par for that dollar, and such is their measure of
value to-day in the markets of the world. The
five-twenty bond is sold at 110, 111, 112, and
113 in greenbacks in the New York market.
The premium grows out of the semi-annual
payment of a large interest, and it is hardly
so large as the premium which was paid on
United States six per cent, stocks before the
war in gold. So that, in point of fact, the
par value of these bonds in NewYork is meas-
ured by the legal " par" of the greenback cur-
rency. 1
The value of the ten-forty bonds in the mar-
ket, although by their express terms payable
in gold, is governed by the same legal " par,"
and what is true of the market value of these
bonds in the United States is equally true of
their market value in Europe. Here their
price is calculated in greenbacks, and there in
gold. There the price has ranged from sixty
to seventy-two cents on the dollar in gold, and
is always kept within the gold value of the
greenback currency in New York, perhaps with
the addition of two or three cents, growing out
of the premium paid for them at home on ac-
count of their large interest. They have not
been able to escape from the thraldom of the
greenback currency, either at home or abroad,
and never will while it remains in circulation.
As the value of our legal tender currency goes
up the price of our bonds will go up with it;
and what is true of Government securities is
equally true, of the great mass of American
securities, public and private. State stocks
that were at par in gold before the war are now
about par in greenbacks, although they are cer-
tainly as good now as they were then. Their
gold value has fallen off from twenty-five to
thirty per cent. To this statement there are two
exceptions: the stocks of Massachusetts and
California, which have maintained their former
price in gold because the interest has always
been paid in gold, and few if any of them are
on the market. Railroad bonds—which, as a
general thing, are worth more now than before
the war, because the floating debts of the com-
panies have been paid off and their business
generally improved—that were about par in
gold before the war now command about the
same price in greenbacks, showing that their
gold value has been reduced from twenty-five
to thirty per cent. Of course, the relative
prices of bonds are not entirely uniform, be-
cause various circumstances enter into them ;
but it will be found on examination that they
bear about the same general price in green-
backs that they did in gold before the war.
Another obstacle to the adoption of any plan
for returning to specie payments is the cry that
the right way to resume is to resume at once.
I have labored to find that this means any-
thingbuttheindefimtepostponementofresump-
tion. Every one must comprehend that the
Government cannot redeem the greenback cur-
rency without first collecting the gold to do it
with; that it cannot return to specie payments
by contraction without taking time to contract,
