y
1808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
the sum of $99,224 65 necessary to reimburse the ap-
propriation for provisions and meet the requirements
of the service to the close of the present fiscal year.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. B. SLACK,.
Quartermaster Marine Corps.
Brigadier General J. Zeilin,
Commandant Marine Corps, Headquarters.
Mr. NYE. Now I ask that the letter of the
Secretary of the Navy be read. •
Mr. WILSON. That is enough. That tells
the story. We have got to pay it anyhow.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will call attention to an amendment of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations which was passed
over. It was on page 9, after line one hundred
and ninety-five, to insert:
Interior Department;
For amount required to supply a deficiency in the
contingent expenses of the Interior Department,
$11,500.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is all right.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
Mr. HOWE. The bill is still open to amend-
ment, I believe.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr.'HOWE. I renew the amendment on
the fourth page, line sixty-four, which was not
agreed to in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to insert after line sixty-three the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, That no extra compensation shall here-
after be allowed to any officer or person for disburs-
ing any moneys appropriated to the construction of
any public building.
Mr. COLE. I do not know how the Gov-
ernment will be able to procure the disburse-
ment of money for the erection of public build-
ings unless some compensation is offered for
it, as has been the custom heretofore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, who has charge of this
bill, may be able to assign some reason for this
amendment which I do not know of; but cer-
tainly there should be some reason given why
this proviso should be inserted. Is there any-
thing in the estimates or in the reports of the
Departments on the subject?
Mr. HOWE. No. The only reason the
committee had, I think, for proposing the
amendment was simply this: the Government
transmits money where these works are going
on—deposits it in a bank; and it seems the
Treasury Department is in the habit of allow-
ing a commission of from one fourth of one
per cent, to two per cent, to the bank for pay-
ing out the money. When I get any money and
deposit it in bank they pay it out for nothing;
and I suppose they would do it for the Govern-
ment if the Government insisted ou the same
terms. I do not know any reason why we
should pay them.
Mr. COLE. Then I move to amend the
proviso, before the vote is taken upon it, by
striking out the words "or person so that it
will read:
Provided, That no extra compensation shall here-
after be allowed to any officer for disbursing any
moneys appropriated to the construction of any pub-
lic building.
Mr. HOWE. I hope that amendment will
not be agreed to.
Mr. COLE. That will obviate the objection
to the practice that the Senator from Wiscon-
sin has, I believe. I was not aware that the
banks were intrusted with the public moneys
for any such purposes. I supposed they were
received by the collector of the port, if there
happened to be a collector at the place where
the moneys were to be disbursed, and that he
acted as disbursing officer; and that where there
was no collector of the portatthe place where
a building was being erected, another officer
who had given bonds, the highest officer, per-
haps, in the service of the Government who
had given bonds, would be the one called upon
to receive and disburse the moneys. I should
be willing to join with the Senator from Wis-
consin in prohibiting the placing of public
moneys in the hands of banks, to be disbursed.
I suppose they should go into the hands of
some officer who gives bond for the faithful
use of the money placed in his bands, and for
the proper disbursement of it.
But 1 really think that an officer who is called
upon to perform this servica should receive
some small compensation for it. I believe
that the compensation that has hitherto been
allowed has been no more than about one
fourth of one per cent. If that is too large
make it one eighth of one per cent., but do
not burden a public officer with this duty with-
out making him some compensation. If it
were put into the hands of a bank for this pur-
pose it could perhaps be made the basis of its
business to some extent and.be of advantage
to it; but that cannot be the case with a faith-
ful public officer. He must do this work if
this proviso is adopted without any compensa-
tion whatever, if he can be required to do it
at all; and I do not know why a public officer
could not absolutely decline this duty if there
is to be no compensation attached to it.
Mr. HOWE. I guess they will not.
Mr. COLE. It will be guess work so far as
the Senator is concerned.
Mr. CORBETT. Where there is a collector
of customs it is usual for the Secretary of the
Treasury to designate such collector to dis-
burse this money ; and I believe it has been
the custom at places distant from points where
there are collectors of customs, and not con-
venient for the disbursement of the money
through a public officer, for the Secretary of
the Treasury to appoint a disbursing agent to
whom he allows one half of one per cent., and
the disbursing agent has to give bonds for the
faithful disbursement of the money. Is it not
better to do that than to allow a person who
does not give bonds to disburse it? It strikes
me that it is more safe to do that than it is to
deposit it in a bank that does not give any
bonds, and that we do not know anything
about, and allow the bank to disburse it. It
seems to me the law is better as it is. For
instance, in Carson City, where they propose
to erect a mint, I suppose they will have to
appoint there, as there is no collector of cus-
toms, a disbursing agent, and perhaps pay him
one half of one per cent, for doing the busi-
ness. It seems to me that this amendment of
the committee ought not to be agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator trom
California to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the com-
mittee.
Mr. CORBETT. I hope the Senate will
not agree to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have it before me. It
is a proviso in these words:
Provided, That no extracompensation shall here-
after bo allowed to any officer or person for disburs-
ing any moneys appropriated to the construction of
any public building.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
amendment by adding after the word "per-
son" the words " or corporation," and strik-
ing out the word " or" before "person so
that it will read, "No officer, person, or cor-
poration," and save all possible question about
a bank getting this. Has the Senator from
Wisconsin any objection to that?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the chair-
man of the committee what is the aggregate of
appropriations in this bill?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. About twenty
million dollars.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I merely want to keep
the run of this business on the records of the
country. Mr. President, one appropriation
that should be made in this bill, and which I
had expected tocome from the committee, that
is to pay the_ minister at Portugal for the two
years for which he has not been paid, is not in
the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Indiana make a motion to amend ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir; I make a
motion to amend by inserting that clause.
Mr. HOWE. I will say to the Senator from
Indiana that the reason the committee had for
striking that out was because no sum was men-
tioned. It did not appropriate any particular
sum; but merely a sum sufficient to pay him
for his salary, and it was thought a committee
of conference could ascertain the sum that was
due and put it in, and do it in a manly way, if
we are going to do it at all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is it in the bill now m
such shape that a committee of conference can
allow it?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is satisfactory.
Mr. President, I dare say most of these
appropriatians are necessary, but my object in
rising was to call the attentien of the Senate to
the amount of money that is now appropriated
in a deficiency bill. I do not blame the officers
who have expended money to carry on the ser-
vice as much as ordinarily 1 should be inclined
to do, for the reason that last year when the
appropriation bills were passed it was well
known, as I thought, that very limited appro-
priations were made in some of the depart-
ments of the public service, so as to make it
appear during the campaign of last year that
the party was returning to a system of economy.
I did not believe much in it, but I suppose it
had the effect that was desired; it accomplished
the end that was intended ; and now this vicious
mode of legislation has to be resorted to. A
deficiency bill goes upon the idea that the ex-
ecutive department have i ncurred expenses that
were not authorized by the legislative depart-
ment. It is always vicious legislation, and it
is particularly so when a party in the majority
makes an appropriation with a view to that
very tiling. Twenty million dollars in an ap-
propriation bill to supply deficiencies is a very
extraordinarily large sum of money. Having
stated the aggregate as I get it from the chair-
man, I am content now to allow the vote to be
taken, and restore the composure of the Senator
from Maine.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to "make a remark
or two on the same head. I have learned
privately from the Senator who has this bill
in charge that some fourteen millions of this
sum is for expenses incurred by the Army.
Doubtless this was occasioned by the Indian
war, a matter that could not be anticipated.
It could not have been known when the appro-
priations were made for the current fiscal year
that there would be a war of that magnitude
on the plains.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What war is the Sen-
ator speaking of?
Mr. HARLAN. The war between the Uni-
ted States and the Arapahoes, Cheyennes, and
Comanche Indians. «.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator,
with his permission, how many have been killed
in this war? I am not speaking of women and
children ; but in battle, how many warriors
have been killed?
Mr. POMEROY. I can answer that ques-
tion ; one Indian for every $1,000,000.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am asking informa-
tion from the Senator from Ohio. He is on
the Indian Committee, and I know he knows
or ought to know. Now, he has laid this great
deficiency to the charge of a terrible war. I
want to know how many warrior3 have been
killed in battle in that war?
Mr. HARLAN. I very much "regret to say
that I am unable to give the number of those
who may have been slain ; but I had not previ-
ously learned thattheimportance of a campaign
depended on the number of the slain. Brave
and great warriors frequently achieve victories
without very much bloodshed. It is said that
the illustrious commander of our armies in
