1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1809
Mexico was a general of that character and
that he achieved victories by strategy as mach
by-slaughter.
Mr. POMEROY. I think General Harney
made a report on this subject a few days ago,
or wrote a letter at any rate, in which he shows
that it has cost us about a million dollars to
kill one Indian warrior.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think, if the state-
ment of the Senator from Iowa be eorrect that
this enormous appropriation of $20,000,000is
mainly to be attributed to the Indian war, that
even the statement of General Harney is not
entirely accurate ; for here is an appropriation
of $20,000,000, and I understand that the gen-
erals have succeeded in killing six Indian war-
riors in the war.
Mr. STEWART. As many as that?*
Mr. HENDRICKS. They have succeeded
in billing six warriors ^ so that it is much more
than a million dollars apiece.
Mr. HOWE. How many does the Senator
think they ought to have killed? [Laughter.]
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I think
this: that it, is all a pretense and a sham when
you tell me that there is a war and nobody is
hurt. There has been a waste and a'Squan-
dering of the public money I have no don bt, but
there is no war that will furnish the Senator
from Iowa the defense he seeks to make. I
know that the border men at a small expense
used to make war at a Very different rate from
this when the Indians invaded the settlements.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
Senate proeeed to the consideration of the
Army appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I now move that
the Senate adjourn.
HOBR OF MEETING.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion for one moment. I wish
to move that when the Senate adjourn it ad-
journs to meet to-mOrrow at twelve o'clock.
We have but one or two appropriation bills
left, and we shall probably be late rising iu
the morning and will be continuously,in ses-
sion all day to-morrow and the next day." I
therefore move that when the Senate adjourn it
adjourns to mfeet at twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think we had better
have all the time we can.
The( PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr..Thay-
er.) The question is on th'e motion of the
Senator from Minnesota, that when the Senate
adjourn it be to meet to-iijprrow at twelve
o'clock.
The'motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBLTLL. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 2, 186$. •
The House met at ten o'clock at. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
STRENGTHENING THE PUBLIC CKEDIT.
The SPEAKER. The reading of the Jour-
nal has been dispensed with, and the House
resumes the consideration of the motion to sus-.
pend the rules to take up and non-concur in
the amendments of the Senate to the bill to
strengthen the public credit.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to the gentleman
Irom Massachusetts.
PRINCE EDWAUD ISLAND.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, from the
select Committee on Prince Edward Island,
submitted a report; which was laid ou the table,
and ordered to be printed.
The resolution to print extra copies was,
under the law, ,referred to the Committee oa
Printing. . ;
40tii Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 114.
REPORTING THE DEBATES.
Mr. LAFLIN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent to take from the Speaker's table Senate
joint resolution No. 231, providing for the re-
porting and publication of the debates in Con-
gress. It is perfectly satisfactory to have that
passed as it came from the Senate.
Mr. ROBINSON. We do not object if it is
proposed to pass the Senate joint resolution
without amendment. We do object to the res-
olution being amended. It is right as it is, and
ought to pass iinmediaiely.
Mr. KERR. I think there is no objection
to if.
The resolution was taken up, and read as
follows:
Beitreaohed, &c„ That the joint Committee of Con-
gress on Public Printing is hereby authorized to con-
tract on behalf of the General Government with Rives
& Bailey-for the reporting and publication of the de-
bates of Congre® for the termoftwoyearson andfrom
the 4th day of March, 1869: Provided, Thafbeforethe
United States shall be called on to payft>r anyreport-
mgor the publication of the debates the accounts
toerefor shall besubmitted to the joint Committee on
Public Printing or to st}ch other officer or officers of
Congress as they may designate, and on their or his
approbation thereof, as beingin all respects according
to the contract, it shall be paid for from the Treasury
of tne United States,after having passed the proper
accounting officers thereof.
. ytn/Z t'C it further resolved. That in ease the
joint Committee on Public Printing are unable to
concludc a satisfactory contract with the said Rives
& Bailey, or that they be unable to fulfill any con-
tract that they may make, the joint Committee on
Public Printing be authorized to have the debates
reported and printed upder the direction of the Con-
gressional Printer at the Government Prill ting Office.
Sec. 3. And be it further revolved, That for the pur-
pose aforesaid there be appropriated and paid out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated the sum of $350,000, or so much thereof as may
be necessary^
The Senate joint resolution was ordered to
a third reading; and it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr.LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
newport and cincinnati bridge.
Mr; SCHENCK. I will £ield to my col-
league [Mr. Cary] to move to take up without
objection a joint resolution on the Speaker's
table.
Mr. CARY. I ask unanimous consent to
take up from the Speaker's table a joirit res-
olution (S. R. No. 219) giving the assent of
the United States to the construction of the
Newport and Cincinnati bridge.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection if two
or three little pension bills can be taken up
also.
Mr. CARY. The gentleman will not object
to this, I am sure.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not.-
The joint resolution was accordingly taken
up and read a first and second time. It pro-
poses to give the consent of Congress to the
erection of a bridge over the Ohio river from
the city of Cincinnati, Ohio, to the city of New-
port, Kentucky, Tsy the Newport -and 'Cincin-
nati Bridge Company, a corporation chartered
and organized under the laws of each of the
States of Kentucky and Ohio. The bridge is
to be built with an unbroken or continuous
span of not-less than four hundred feet in the
clear, .from pier to pier, over the main chan-
nel of the river, and to be built in all other
respects in accordance with the conditions and
limitations of an act entitled "An act to estab-
lish certain post roads," approved July 14,
1862. The bridge, when completed in the
manner specified, is to be deemed and taken
to b« a legal structure, and to be a post road
for the transmission of the mails of the United
States; but Corigfess reserves the right to with-
draw the assent hereby given in case the free
navigation of the river shall at any time be
substantially and materially obstructed by any
bridge to be.orected under the authority of the
resolution, or direct the necessary modifica-
tions and alterations of said bridge.
The joint resolution was ordered to be read
a third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. CARY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
denver pacific railway.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Price] to move to take up a
bill by unanimous consent.
Mr. PRICE. I ask unanimous consent to
take up from the Speaker's table a Senate bill
(S. No. 871) to authorize the transfer of lauds
granted to the Union Pacific Railway Com-
pany, eastern division, between Denver and
the point of its connection with the Union
Pacific railroad, to the Denver Pacific Railway
and Telegraph Company, and to expedite the
completion of railroads to Denver, in the Ter-
ritory of Colorado.
The bill was accordingly taken'up and read
a first and.second time. It authorizes the
Pacific Railway Company, eastern division, to
contract' with the Denver Pacific Railway and
Telegraph Company for the construction and
operation of that part of its line of road and
telegraph between Denver City and its point
of connection with the Union Pacific railroad,
which point shall be at Cheyenne, and to adopt
the road-bed already graded by said Denver
Pacific Railway andTelegraph Company as the
said line, and grant to the said railway com-
pany the perpetual use of its roadway and de-
pot grounds, and transfer to it all the rights and
privileges, subject to all the obligations per-
taining to said part of its line. Section two
provides that the Union Pacific railroad, east-
ern division, shall extend its railroad and tele-
graph to the City of Denver, so as to form a
continuous line from Kansas City by way of
Denver to Cheyenne. Section three authorizes
the said companies to mortgage their respect-
ive portions of'said road for an amount not
exceeding$82,000per mile, and toenablethem
to do so each company is granted alternate
sections of land along their respective lines, the
same as is provided bylaw in the case of lands
granted to the Union Pacific railroad, provided
that neither of the companies shall be entitled
to subsidy in United-States bonds under the pro-
visions of this act.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask the gentleman from
Iowa to allow me to move an amendment.
Mr. PRICE. That will lose the bill, as I
cannot hold the floor.
Mr. JULIAN. I only wish to move to amend
by providing that the lands transferred from
one company to the other shall be sold to actual
settlers only, in quantities not greater than a
quarter section to each settler, and at a price
not exceeding $2 50 an acre.
Mr. PRICE. It cannot be amended.
The bill was ordered to be read a third" time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pacific railroad.
Mr. McCORMICK presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Missouri on the snbject of
the Pacific railroad ; which were referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield now to the gen-
tlemen from New York.
east river bridoe.
"Mr. RQBINSON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to take up from the Speaker's table the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R, No.
1&04) to establish a bridge across the East
river between the cities^of Brooklyn and New
York, iu the State of New Yoik, a post road.
I hope there will be no objections. This is the
greatest work of the age.
Mr. FARNSWORTH objected, but on Mr.
Robinson's earnest request withdrew the ob-
jection.
