1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
read the objection of Mr. Mot/UN's, as reduced
to writing, in the following words:
I object to any count of the votes certified from
the State of Louisiana, and raise the question in
regard to them that no valid election of electors for
President and Vice President of the United States
has been held in said State.
The PRESIDENT. Objection being made
to the counting of the votes returned from the
State of Louisiana the Senate will, according
to the rule, retire to their Chamber to deliber-
ate upon the objection.
The Senate accordingly retired from the
Hall. "
The House was again called to order.
The SPEAKER. Under the twenty-second
joint rule the Chair submits to the House, to
be decided upon without debate, the objection
made by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Mullins] in joint convention to the counting
of the votes certified from the State of Louisi-
ana. The Clerk will report the objection, and
the House will decide upon it without debate.
The objection was again read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will it be
in order to move to lay that on the table?
The SPEAKER. It will not be. The ques-
tion must be decided by the House.
Mr. NIBLACK. Is it in order, Mr. Speaker,
to have the certificate of the Governor of the
State of Louisiana again read?
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. WOOD. I think the rule requires the
Speaker to put the question directly ^to the
House.
The SPEAKER, itdoes. The credentials
are in possession of the joint convention. They
were read in the presence of both Houses as
information for the members of both. The
objection which has been made by a member
of the House must be decided upon without
debate.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The language of the
twenty-second joint rule with respect to the pro-
ceedings of the joint convention is that—
"Ho vote objected to shall be counted, except by
the concurrent votes of the two Houses; which,
being obtained, the two Houses shall immediately
reassemble.''
The question is, Shall the votes certified
from the State of Louisiana be counted? on
which question the yeas and nays have been
ordered. '
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 137, nays Go, not vot-
ing 22 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allison, Ames, Axtell, Baker,
Barnes, Barnum, Beaman, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin,
Binsham, Blaine, Blair, Boyden, Boyer, Bromwell,
Brooks, Broomall, Buckland. Burr,Roderick R.But-
ler, Cary, Chanler, Churchill, Oobuin, Cullom, De-
lano, Devveese, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery, Dodge,
Essleston, Eldridgc.Farnsworth, Fcrriss, Kerry.Gar-
iield, Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Gove, Gravely,
Grover, Ilaight, Halsey, Hawkins, Heaton, Higby,
Hill. Hoiman, Hooper, Hopkins, Hotehkiss, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jenckes, John-
son, Alexander II. Jones, Thomas L.Jones, Judd,
Kellcy, Koliogg, Kerr, Ketcham, Kitchen. Knott,
Koontz, Lallin, Lash, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Lincoln. Logan, Loughndge, Mallory,
Marshall, Maivin, McCarthy, McCormick, McCul-
lough. Miller, Moore, Moorhead.Muneen, Xeweomb,
Niblack, Nicholson, Norris, Nairn, Peters, Phelps,
Pike, Pile. Plants, Poland, Polsley, Price, Pruyn,
Randall, Emm, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Schenck,
Rcofield, Selye. SheUabareer, Sitgreavcs, Smith,
Spaldins, Starkweather, Stewart, Stokes, Stone,
Tabor, Tafie, Taylor, Thomas, Tift,. John Trimble,
Trowbridge, Twiehell.Van Auken, Burt Van Horn,
Van Trump, Elihu B. Washburne,William 1). Wash-
burn , Welker, James F. Wilson, John T, Wilson,
Windom, Wood, Woodbiidge, Woodward, and
Young—137.
NAYS—Messrs.DelosR. Ashley, JamesM. Ashley,
Banks, Benton, Blackburn, Boles, Boutwell, Bowen,
Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Callis, Reader
W.Clarke, Sidney Clarko, Clift, Cobb, Corley.Covode,
Dawes, Donnelly, Driers, Eckley, Edwards, Ela,
Thomas D. Eliot, James T. Elliott, Fields. French,
Hamilton, Harding. Haughey, Chester I). Hubbard,
Ilulburd, Hunter, Julian, Kchey, Loan. Maynard,
McKee. Morrell. Mullins, Nowsham, O'Neill, Ortli,
Paine, Perham, Pettis, Pierce, Prince, Roots, Shanks,
Stevens, Stover, Upson,Van Aernam, Robert T.Van
Horn,Van Wyek.Vidal,Ward, Henry D.Washburn,
Whittemore, Thomas Williams, and William Wil-
liams—G.i.
40th Oono. 3d Sess,--No. G7.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer,
Arnell, Bailey, Baldwin, Cook, Cornell, Fox, Gpss.
Griswold, Richard D. Hubbard, Lynch, Mercur, Mor-
rissey, Myers, Pomeroy, Robinson, Sypher, Lawrence
S. Trimble, Cadwalader C. Washburn, and Stephen
F. Wilson—iK.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BARNES said: My colleague, Mr. Rob-
inson, is detained from the House on account
of important business; I think he was excused.
Had he been here he would have voted "ay."
On the conclusion of the roll-call,
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, said: I desire
to make objection to any announcement of the
result of this vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
entertain it. The objection made by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Moiaiks] in the
joint meeting of the two Houses to the vote
of Louisiana being counted having been sub-
mitted by the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives, under the twenty-second joint rule,
to the House for its decision upon the ques-
tion ''Shall the vote of that State be counted
notwithstanding the objection of the geutle-
man from Tennessee?': the result is 137 yeas
and GO nays. The House therefore decided
that it shall be counted; and a message to that
effect will be communicated to the Senate ot
the United States.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I move to re-
consider the last vote; and to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table. Is not tliat a proper
motion?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not
under the joint rule.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. This is a vote
in the House, and by the House alone. I
therefore think it is in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the mo-
tion is iu order. When a motion has been
carried iu the affirmative or negative it is in
order for any member who voted with the j
majority to move its reconsideration. ^ \
The latter motion of Mr. Jones, of Ken- |
tucky, to lay the motion to reconsider ou the
table, was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, having voted
to admit the counting of the electoral vote of
Louisiana, I ask unanimous consent to offer
the following resolution:
Resolved by the Houie of Representatives. That 110
proot'beinsr formally submitted to sustain the objec-
tion made to the counting of the vote of the electors
of the State of Louisiana for President and Vice
President, this House, without affirming or denj'mg
anything in regard to the manner in which the elec-
tion iorsaid electors was conducted, decide that no
reason appearswhy the vote of thesaid eleetor^shau
not, be counted, and that in theopinionof tneHouse
the same should therefore be counted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE and Mr. WOOD objected.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That iu the opinion of this House the
acceptance of the vote of Louisiana for President
and Vice Presidentwill encourage the criminal prac-
tico of enforcing elections in the States lately in
rebellion, and involves the murder of thousands 01
loyal people.
Mr. GLOSSBREN NER and others objected.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent to have my point of order read. |
Mr. GETZ and others objected. !
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the regular
order.
Mr. MULLTNS. I ask leave to introduce a
resolution.
Mr. WOOD. I object to any resolution.
The SPEAKER. There is_no regular order
but to wait for a message from the Senate
announcing the action of that body ou the
subject.
Mr. MULLINS. I ask leave of the House
for live minutes to give a personal explana-
tion.
Mr. GETZ. I object.
A message from the Senate was communi-
cated by Mr. Gorham, its Secretary, informing
the House that that body had resolved that the
votes of the electors of the State of Louisiana
for President and Vice President of the United
States be counted.
I move that a message be
commun^cawd ^to'the " Senate""©!' the United ii NkhollsV Charles"'lif Goode,
States inviting their return to thjs Chamber to
complete the business of the joint meeting.
The motion was agreed to j and a message to
that effect was accordingly communicated to
the Senate.
At a quarter past two o'clock p.. the'Sen-
ate in a'body reentered the Hall, and
The PRESIDENT, having resumed the
chair, said: By a concurrent resolution of the
two Houses the vote of Louisiana is ordered
to be counted.
The tellers accordingly proceeded to an-
nounce the vote of the State of Louisiana, and
of the remaining States until the State of
Georgia was reached.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask for
the reading of the certificate.
The PRESIDENT. Let the certificate be
read.
Mr. Prityn accordingly read the certificate,
as follows:
State of Georgia,
Atlanta, Wednesday. December 9,1868.
The members of the Electoral College of the State
of Georgia convened this day at twelve o'clock m.,
at the capitol of said State, in the city of Atlanta.
A communication wasieceivedfroin his Excellency,
Rufus 13. Bullock, Governor of said State, inclosing
certificates in triplicate of the persons elected elect-
ors of said State to vote for a President and Vice
President ot the United States for a term of lour
yea'f> from the 4th day of March, 1839, of whioh cer-
tiiio.ito-* the fo lowing is a copy, and on© of the ori-
ginals of which is hereto annexed:
Executive Department State of Geohgia,
Atlanta, December 9, 1868.
This may ceitify that it appears from the official
returns received at this department of an election
held in this State on Tuesday, the 3d day of Novem-
ber, 18(53, tor nine electors to vote tor President and
Vice President of the United States:
That John B. Gordon, John T. Clarke, John C.
Nicholls, Charles I. Goode, Raphael J. M>ses, Au-
gustus O.Bacon, J. P. Cauiiing, ii.P.Bell, and Jatnes
I). W iddell were elected.
Given under my hand and the seal of the executive
department at the capitol, in thecuy of Atlanta, this
the Oth day of December, 186S.
RUFUS B. BULLOCK.
Governor
[Seal of executive department attached.]
By the Governor :   
B. B. DeGRAFFENREID,
Secretary of Executive Department,
for the Governor.
AVhereby il appears that John B. Gordon, John T.
Clarke, John C. Nicholls, Charles L'. Goode. Raphael
J. Moses, Augustus 0. Bacon, J. P. Camming, H. P.
Bell, and James I). Waddell, were duly elected such
electors at the election held in said State on Tuesday,
the 3d day of November, 1808.
They, tbo said electors, being assembled as above
mentioned, and all present, proceeded to vote by
ballot for President ot the United States for a term
of tour years from the 4th day of March, 1869. hen
all the bailors were east and votes counted it appeared
that Horatio Seymour, of the State of New York, had
received nine votes, this being the whole number of
votes given by the electoral college.
In testimony whereof, the said electors do here-
unto set. their hands, at Atlanta, Georgia, this 9th
day of December, 1803. ^ R
JOHN T. (JLAliKE,
JOHN C. NICrlULLS,
CHARLES T. GOODE,
RAPHAEL J. MOSES,
AUGUSTUS O. 13ACOX.
J. P. CUMMLXG,
II. P. BELL.
james d. waddell.
The said electors then proceeded in like manner
to vote by distinct ballots tor a Vice President of the
United State? tor a term ot four years from the 4th
day of March, 1S\)9. When nil the ballots were cast
and votes counted it appeared that prank P. Blair,
of the State ot Missouri, had received nine votes, this
being the whole Dumber of vote* given by tile elect-
oral college.
In testimony vrhereof, the said electors do ncreimto
set their hands, at Atlanta, Georgia, this 9th day of
December, lSiiS. JQHX B. GORDOX,
J0HXT. CLARKE.
JOIIX C.XiCIIOLLS,
CHARLliS T. UOoDlI,
RAPHAEL J. MUSKS.
AUGUSTUS O. BACOX,
J. P. CUMMIXG.
H. P. BULL,
james d. "iv ad dell.
Executive Department State op Georgia,
Atlanta, d-xti.iber\\
This may certify that it appears from the ofieial
returns received at thi= department ol an election
held in this State on Tuesday, the 3d da.y of X ovem-
ber, 186$, for nme electors to vote for yrfcsident am
Vice President of the United States: „
That John B. Gordon, John T. Clarke. JofinU
■   Raphael J. Moses,
