1058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
Augustus.O. Bacon, J. P. Gumming, H. P. Bell, and
James t). "Waddell, were clccted.
Given trader my hand and the seal of the exec-
rT „ i utive department at the capitol, in the city
LL. S.J of Atlanta, this 9th dav of December, 1868.
EUFUS B. BULLOCK,
Governor.
By the Governor: ^ ^ DeGRA1?FENREII)i
Secretary Executive Department,
for the Governor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
to the vote of the State of Georgia being
counted, and send my objections in writing
to the Chair.
Mr. PRUYN (one of the tellers) read the
objections, as follows:
I object, under the joint rule that the vote of
the State of Georgia for President and Vice Presi-
dent ought not to be counted, and object to the
counting thereof because, among other things, the
vote of the electors in the Electoral College was not
given on the first Wednesday of December, as re-
quired by law, and no excuse or justification for the
omission of such legal duty is set forth in the certi-
ficate of the action of the electors.
Secondly. Becanso at the date of the election of
said electors the State of Georgia had not been ad-
' mitted to representation as a State in Congress since
the rebellion of her people, or become entitled
thereto.
Thv dly. That at said date said State of Georgia had
not fulfilled in due form all the requirements of the
■ Constitution and laws of the United States, known
as the reconstruction acts, so as to entitle said State
of Georgia to be represented as a State in the Union
in the electoral vote of the several States in tho
choice of President and Vice President.
Fourthly. That the election protended to havebeen
held in the Stato of Georgia on tho first Tuesday of
November last past was not a free, just, equal, and fair
election; but the people of tho State wcro deprived
of their just rights therein by force and fraud.
The PRESIDENT. The concurrent reso-
lution of the two Houses will be read on the
subject.
Senator DRAKE. As this objection requires
the retirement of the Senate, I send up an ob-
jection to counting the vote of Nevada, to be
considered at the same time.
The PRESIDENT. The objection of the
Senator is too late.
Senator DRAKE. The vote of Nevada has
been reported, but haa not yet been decided
on. It has not been decided authoritatively to
count the vote of Nevada.
The PRESIDENT. It is tod late. The
objection should have been made at the time
the vote was road.
Mr. PRUYN (ono of the tellcra) read the
following as the reason for the objection of
Senator Drake :
I object to tho counting of tho votesof tho electors
of the Stato of Nevada, becauso it does not appear
that they voted by ballot.
The PRESIDENT. It comes too late. The
concurrent resolution of the two Houses in re-
lation to the electoral vote of Georgia will now
be read.
Mr. PiilTYN (one of the tellers) read as
follows:
Wheroas the question whether the State of Georgia
has becouao and is entitled to representation in tho
two Rouses ot Congress, is now pending and unde-
termined; and whereas by tho joint resolution of
Congress passed July 20,1868, entitled "A resolution
excluding from tho Electoral College votes of States
lately m rebellion, which shall not havo been reor-
ganized,"itwas provided that no doctoral votes from
any of the States lately in rebellion should bo re-
ceived or counted for President or Vice President of
the United States until, among other things, such
Statoshould havo become entitled to representation
in Congress pursuant to tho acts of Congress in that
behalf; Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representatives
concurring,) That on theubsemblingol the two Houses
on the second Wednesday of February, 1SG9, for the
counting of the electoral votes for President and
vice President, as provided by law and the joint
rules, if the counting or omitting to count tho elect-
oral votes, if any, which may be presented, as of
the Stateof Georgia, shall not essentially change tho
result, m that ease they shall be reported by tho
President of the Senate in the following manner:
were the vote3 presented, as of the State of Geor-
gia, to be counted, the resuit would be, foi for
President of tho United States, votes; if not
counted, lor—-— for President of theUnited States,
. SI1^in either case is elected Prcsi-
for Vice Present. te8i aadin the samc manncr
Senator EDMUNDS. I rise to a point of
order, lhe objection of the gentleman from
Massachusetts is not in order, the two Houses
having, by special rule for this case, made a
substantial change in tbe standing joint rule.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to call the attention of the President to the
law that the votes must be counted or rejected
by the convention of tbe two Houses, and tha.t
the prior concurrent action of the Senate and
the House cannot bind the convention, bat the
convention may act after they get together as
they choose to do. !
Mr. CHANLER, Mr. GARFIELD, and
Mr. WOOD. Debate is not in order.
The PRESIDENT. Debate is not in order.
Mr, BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
the right to state ray question.
The PRESIDENT. The gentleman has
stated his objection in writing.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And the
gentleman from Vermont did not state his in
writing. [Laughter.] Now I claim, as a
point of order, that the objection of the gen-
tleman from Vermont is not well taken, and I
desire that to be decided by the two Houses.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is very much
disposed to hold the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives to their own concurrent resolu-
tion. The purport of the resolution, as we
understand it, is that if the votes of the State
of Georgia do not change the result of the
election they may be counted, but if they did
alter the result they should not be counted.
[Laughter.]
Senator DRAKE. I submit a point of order
that the ground stated in the concurrent reso-
lution of the two Houses, upon which the pro-
posed disposition of the electoral votes of
Georgia was to be made, does not dispose of
the first objection of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, namely: that the vote of Georgia
was not cast on the day required by law, and
therefore that point must be determined by
the votes of the two Houses.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution of the
two Houses declared that the vote of Georgia
should be announced by the Vice President
pro tempore in a certain special way, and
stated how thatannouncement should be made.
The Chair is very much disposed to obey the
directions of both branches of Congress in
this matter.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. With
great respect for the decision of the Chair, as
this is a matter of constitutional law and in
other times may make great trouble, I pro-
pose that it shall be considered on appeal to
the House of Representatives.
Mr. EARNS W ORTH. The gentleman can-
not appeal from the President of the joint con-
vention to tho House of Representatives.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I rise to a point
of order. I object to the counting of the vote
of Georgia in the manner indicated by the
Senate and the House. T submit that I have
the right to object in that form under the joint
rule. It is there provided:
" If upon tlio reading of nny such certificateby tho
tellers any question shall aviso in regard to counting
tlio votes thorein certified, tho same having been
stated by tho Presiding Officer, the Senate shall there-
upon withdraw, andsaid question shall bo submitted
to that body for its decision."
Under that rule I have the right now to ob-
ject to any decision made by the House or
Senate in regard to counting these votes, and
especially made previous to this question. I
will write out my objections and send them to
the Chair.
The PRESIDENT. Objection being made,
the Senate will retire to their Chamber to de-
liberate, under the rules.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. On what.?
The PRESIDENT. On the objection that has
been raised by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts.
Mr. J ONES, of Kentucky. I thought that my
objection was in order.
The PRESIDENT. The Senate will retire
according to order. [Laughter.]
The Senate retired accordingly.
The SPEAKER having resumed the chair
and called the House to order, said: In the
joint meeting of the two Houses when the cer-
tificate of the electoral vote of Georgia was
read tbe gentleman ftom Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] objected to counting that vote, for
reasons which will be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
I object, under the joint rule, that the vote of the
State of Georgia for President and Vice President
ought not to be counted, and object to the counting
thereof, because, among other things, the vote of tlio
electors in the Electoral College was not given ua
the first Wednesday in December, as required bylaw,
and no excuse or justifleationforthe omission of such
legal duty is set forth in tho certificate of the action
of the electors.
Secondly. Because at the date of the election of
said electors the State of Georgia had not beeu ad-
mitted to representation as a State in Congress since
therebellion of her people or become entitled thereto.
Thirdly. That atsaid date said State of Georgia had
not fulfilled in due form all the requirements of the
Constitution and laws of the United States, known
as the reconstruction aots, so as to entitle said State
of Georgia to be represented as a State in the Union
in tho electoral vote of the several States in the
choice of President and Vice President.
Fourthly. That the election pretended to have been
held in the State of Georgia on the first Tuesday of
November last past was not a free, just, equal, and
fair election; but the people of the State were de-
prived of their just rights therein by foree and fraud.
TheSPEAKER. Thequestionis " Shall the
vote of Georgia be counted, notwithstanding
the objection of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts'!"'
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. The Presiding Officer of the joint con-
vention of the two Houses twice decided not
to entertain the objection, but to lioldjthe con-
vention to the order which the House and the
Senate in their separate bodies had made. The
two bodies separated on the point of order
raised by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Jones.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. Questions in regard to the
decision of the President of the convention of
the two Houses must be submitted to that offi-
cer when occupying the chair in that capacity.
The point upon which the two Houses separated
was the objection of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. KERR. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the question in reference to the objection
of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. MUNGEN. I rise to a point of order.
My point of order is that the second and third
objections of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] are not well taken. [Laugh-
ter.] I want to give my reasons. [Cries of
"Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
give his reasons. That would be debate. The
Chair cannot hear reasons.
Mr. MUNGEN. Let me state my point of
order in another way. [Cries of " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be glad
to hear the gentleman from Ohio if it was in
order, but it is not in order.
Mr. MUNGEN. I want to state my point
of order in another form. [Cries of " Order!"
'1 Order!" ]
The SPEAKER. That would be in the na-
ture of debate. The Chair could not hear the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
explain his reasons, nor can he hear any other
gentleman give reasons. The question is to be
decided by a vote of the House without debate.
Mr. MUNGEN. I do not wish to debate.
I merely want to state my point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain the point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make a
parliamentary inquiry of the Chair. I desire
to know whether the House is to vote upon the
question whether the vote of Georgia shall be
counted, or whether it shall or shall not be
counted in the manner indicated by the con-
current resolution of the two Houses?
TheSPEAKER. The Chair submits the ques-
tion to the House, as the rule requires him to
submitit. The concurrent resolution to which
the gentleman refers devolves certain duties
upon the President of the Senate, and he will
perform them, the Chair supposes, under that
concurrent resolution. The question before
the House as a House is, "Shall the vote of
Georgia be counted, notwithstanding the objec-
tions of the gentleman from Massachusetts?"
[Mr. Butler,] and upon the question the gentle-
