1868.
Tjjp. CQ.NGRESSIQ jsTiAL fiL0iB|5t
man] tells me it is. I know the rale is not so, in
the other House ; bat according to this rale* I
understand a Senator cannot call for a division
of this question because the motion, whatever
the form may-he, is to strike out all .after the
word "resolved," and insert the .amendment
of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. SHERMAN'., I desire to state that I
'have observed the practice of the Senate for
years to conform, to the rule. It-is, different
in the_ House of Representatives, where they
sometimes confuse the Speaker by, demanding
division "of an amendment. That.is impos-
sible under the rules of the Senate. A propo-
sition is .offered. A substitute for it is then
ottered. That substitute may be amended be-
fore the vote is taken on the original proposi-
tion, but you cannot have a division of the sub-
stitute. You must take the whole of it or else
amend it by striking out a portion or by adding
a portion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from New
York gives a wrong construction to that part
of the twelfth rule which he has read, as I
think. A motion to strike out and insert is
not divisible in this, that you cannot demand a
vote first upon the proposition to strike out
and afterward upon the motion to insert. That
is ccrtainly the proper construction of the rule.
I have never understood it to halve any other
meaning, and the proposition of the Senator
from Ohio is not correct. I !do not care any-
thing about this question except as one of par-
liamentary law. Any proposition before the
Senate may be divided if it be properly sus-
ceptible of division. If distinct propositions
be made, and by a proposed division a distinct
proposition is submitted to the Senate, and a
distinct and separate proposition remains, then
it is divisible. I understand that to be the rule.
Mr. CONKL1NG-. I ask the Senator to yield
to me for one moment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING-. The interpretation which
the Senator puts upon this rule is the interpre-
tation always put in the House of Representa-
tives upon a rule not precisely identical in
language with this, but which I have always
supposed was equivalent to this; and so far I
agree with the Senator. But, as I said before,
1 am told by the Senator from Ohio that the
construction which has been put upon it in this
body has always been that offering an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute, the motion
being to strike out and insert, gave no right to
divide. Therefore, I do not want to be taken
to task by the Senator for a mistake upon the
original language here, because, as I had pre-
viously said to my friend before me, in the
House the interpretation is, as he suggests,
upon language substantially like this; but I am
told that here it has always been different.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think it has
been different, here. Every reason which per-
mits a division of an original question will
permit a division of an amendment. If it is
the pleasure of the Senate to adopt a part of
an amendment, and an independent proposi-
tion connected with it is not agreeable to the
Senate, then of course the Senate ought to have
an opportunity to vote according to its pleas-
ure upon it. That is the whole reason of it,
as I understand. I have no doubt that the
Senator from Connecticut is right, that the
proposition is divisible.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, at all events, new to me. and the Chair
will refer it to the Senate to decide whether
the question is susceptible of a division or not.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the motion of the Sena-
tor from Connecticut is in order. The propo-
sition of the Senator from Indiana is in the
nature of a substitute for the original resolu-.
tion. The question then resolves itself into
this simply: have you a right to perfect a sub-
stitute and have a vote upon that substitute on
a motion to strike out and insert? I think
clearly so. It may be that the substitute might
be modified so as to be acceptable to the Sen-
ate, and in that way it would be perfectly
according to parliamentary rule. The oppor-
tunity, to perfect a substitute before the ques-
tion is .taken on striking out the original propo:
sition and inserting that substitute would seem
to me one of the most plain and obvious eights
of the Senate and o,f every Senator.
Mr. POMEROY. I 'think there ,^s no ques-
tion of parliamentary law here, certainly. The
point which has 'fyeep.made, that a motion to
sjtyike out and insert is not susceptible of divis-
ipq, does not" arise. It can be made provided
the Senator from Indiana should move, as he
has done, to strike out and insert. ;TKat ques-
tion is indivisible, clearly; you:pajGtnat take
t\yo votes on that. That is one motion. _ But
there can be as many divisions of a substitpt^
a^there exf subjects in it. This substitute may
have a dozen propositions in it, and each Sena-
tor may demand a vote on each one, .heeause
it is the perfection of a substitute. The ques-
tion of striking out and inserting does not come
in here.
Mr. DIXON. I think the Senator from Ne,w
York entirely misunderstands the intention of
the clause which he read from the twelfth rule.
The rule is this :
" If the question in debate contain several points
any Senator may have the same divided; but oil a
motion to strike out and insert it shall not be in
order to move for a division of the question."
Now, as I understand the Senator, he sup-
poses that, as the motion is to strike out and
insert, the matter proposed as a substitute
cannot be divided. Is that his meaning ? The
only meaning of the rule, according to my
understanding, is, that a motion to strike out
and insert shall not be divided ; that is, you
shall not take it as a separate motion to strike
out and not insert. For instance, to apply it
to this case, when the Senator from Indiana
proposes this as a substitute, or to strike out
and insert, you shall not ask that the first
question shall be whether you will strike out
the original proposition and then insert his.
That is the division that cannot be made ; but
the rule_ does not say that you shall not divide
the proposition which is presented for insertion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will refer the question of order, whether the
proposition under the rule is divisible, to the
Senate.
The question being put, it was decided in
tlie affirmative ; so that the proposition was
held to be susceptible of division.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the first clause of the proposi-
tion that has been read. It will be read again.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That the Senate cordially indorse the sentiment
in the President's message that "our national credit
should be sacredly observed," and declare that the
public debt should be paid as rapidly as practicable,
exactly in accordance with the terms of tho contracts
under which the several loans were made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to this clause of the amend-
ment.
Mr. WHYTE. On that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. HENDRICKS. They were ordered, I
believe.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They were
ordered on the whole proposition, but not on
this branch of it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to inquire of
the Chair, or some gentleman learned in the
rules, whether, if we adopt this amendment,
we adopt it in this vote as a substitute for the
original resolution ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly; it takes the
place of that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In that case I shall
vote against it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not understand
that the vote on this divided proposition sub-
stitutes it in lieu of the proposition reported
by the committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It substitutes so much of
it as is adopted. . .
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all. This is a
proposition to perfect the substitute, as I un-
derstand it.
. .The PRESIDENT pro tempore., ■ That is the
way the Chair upderstauds it. ■ _
Mr. EDMUNDS. ' It takes the place of the
gjther proposition. . , . . • : t. , ..
Mr. TRUMBULL.. I do not und£r$,t#t?d
it at all. . ' ... '
, .Mr.-CONFESS. Let us,get the-.decision
qf the Chair upon it. .
Mr. TRUMBULtj. Weshall get ,the decision
in a momen t; but letus understand how we are
gping.to vote. After we have voted upon this
clause of the substitute the next question will
)},e upon the other clause of the substitute.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. , Certainly,
..Mr. TRUMBULL.. Suppose that oneclauae
of the substitute should be adopted and the
other.clause should not be, then-would not the
question arise on substituting the. substitute
as amended for the,original proposition? .It
terminates in the saj#e way. Suppose ,i.t were
a proposition directly to amend the substitute
by striking out half of it, and yonstri^k it put,
the next question would be, §hall the substitute,
■ as amended, be adopted in place of the original
proposition? Now, suppose, -vyhat is actuajly
occurring, that we divide the substitute. You
strike out half the .substitute by refusing to
adopt it. You have not thereby substituted
the substitute for the original proposition.
That requires another vote. We cannot vote
to* substitute a part of the substitute for the
original proposition. We must first determine
what the substitute is upon which we vote, and
that is what we are proposing to do, as I under-
stand. ,
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Illinois
is altogether mistaken. The mere statement
of what the question is under parliamentary
law answers bim entirely. The motion of the
Senator from Indiaua is to amend the original
resolution by striking out all after the word
" resolved "and inserting another proposition.
That proposition is divided into two branches.
The question is taken first on the first branch,
and then on the second; and the identical
question on the first branch is, whether we will
agree to so much of his amendment as is em-
braced in that branch, and it therefore strikes
out the whole of the original resolution after
the word "resolved " and inserts so much of
the amendment. Then we immediately take
the question on inserting the residue of the
amendment; and if we vote " ay"——-
Mr. TRUMBULL. Thatstrikes it out again,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If adopting the first
part strikes it out I should like to know if
adopting the second part does not strike it out
a second time ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I assure my distinguished
friend that that is not the case, because it is
out already, unless he lias a way of striking
out that which is already out. The question,
therefore, in the form in which it must be put,
is, will the Senate agree to strike out all after
the word "resolved'' in the proposition of the
committee, and insert so much, that is to say,
the first branch of the proposed amendment?
If we say "ay" to that it is carried. Then
the question immediately recurs on the second
branch of the amendment, whether that also
shall be inserted in lieu of all that has been
already stricken out. That is the question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not so understand
the question. The question is on agreeing to
so much of the substitute. It strikes out noth-
ing. Then the question is on agreeing to the
residue of the substitute; and when you have
perfected your substitute, then the question is
whether you will strike out the original propo-
sition ; but now there is no proposition to
strike anything out. The Senator from Con-
necticut has called for a division of the substi-
tute—not upon striking out the original propo-
sition, but dividing the matter proposed to be
inserted. If the Seuator from Vermont is
right, if when we vote upon the first part ot
the proposition we strike out the original reso-
lution, when we come to vote upon the second
part of the proposition what do we strike out
He says nothing at all, for you have already
