1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1081
of the House I shall ask for action on both of
these propositions.
PRINTING OF TABULAR STATEMENTS,
Mr. LA.FLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the printing of tab-
u iar statements of the accounts of Indian agents
to June 30, 18C8, accompanying the report of
the Secretary of the Interior, reported adversely
thereon, and moved that they be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. JENCKES, by usammousconsent, from
the Committee on Revision of Laws of the Uni-
ted Slates, reported back the bill (H. R. No.
1510) supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States,'' approved March
2, 1807, with an adverse report thereon, and
moved that the report be printed and that the
bill and report be recommitted, not to be
brought back by a motion to reconsider.
The motion was agreed to.
PENSION LAWS.
Mr. PERHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions a new draft of the bill relating to the
operation of the pension laws, and for other
purposes, that it may be printed and recom-
mitted.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
REPORT ON MINES AND MINING.
Mr. HIGBY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
referred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing :
Resolped, That thirty thousand eopiesof the report
of R. W. Raymond, special commissioner of mining
statistics, on mines and mining in the States and
Territories west of the Rocky mountains be printed
for the use of the members of the House.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. PERHAM, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported
adversely on the following memorials and
petitions, the cases being provided for~by gen-
eral law; and the same were laid upon the
table:
The petition of Prudence Righter, widow of
J. Coram Righter, deceased, private company
C, eleventh New Jersey cavalry;
The petition of Mrs. Dora Wilkins, widow
of John Wilkins, deceased, late corporal com-
pany F, fifth Kentucky infantry volunteers;
Petition for arrears of pension to Elizabeth
Gardner, mother of Jacob S. R. Gardner, com-
pany H, forty-seventh Pennsylvania volun-
teers ;
The memorial of Mrs. Elizabeth J. Mar-
shall, of Washington county, Indiana, for re-
lief as a pensioner of the United States;
The petition of Sarah T. Benedict, widow
of Charles E. Benedict, late a private in com-
pany D, one hundred and twenty-fourth New
York volunteers;
The petition of Catherine Hoag, mother of
Jacob Hoag, deceased, late company K, twenty-
fifth Indiana volunteers ;
The petition of Mrs. Elizabeth Shelton, for
relief;
The memorial of Mrs. Barbara Weltereth,
for arrears of pension ;
The petition of Agnes Weaver, mother of
S. M, Weaver, company A, eightieth Ohio vol-
unteers, for arrears of pension; and
The petition of Anna E. Wing, mother of
Charles A. Wing, late of company F, fifteenth
New York volunteers, for arrears of pension.
REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONS, ETC.
Mr. PERHAM asked unanimous consent
that the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
discharged from the further consideration of
the following petitions and papers, and that the
same be referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions and of the War of 1812:
The petition of Louisa Reed, widow of
Samuel Reed, praying for a pension ;
The petition of Mrs. Nancy Weeks, of Geor-
gia, widow of Francis Weeks, ensign in the
revolutionary war, for arrears of pension ;
The petition of Thomas Pool, for a pension ;
"Petitions of soldiers of the war of 1812 for
pensions;
The petition of Mary Freyer, widow of John
Freyer, deceased, seaman in the war of 1812.
for a Navy pension;
The petition of Alfred Benton, thirty-fourth
United States infantry of the war of 1812 and
1813, for a pension;
The petition of Nahum Walker, for a pen-
sion ;
The petition and papers in the case of Mrs.
Elizabeth Jones, (alias Deddolph,) widow of
Owen Jones, (alias Deddolph,) fora pension ;
The petition of Isaac Carpenter, praying for
a pension;
The petition of E. G. Abbott, and one hun-
dred and thirty-one other citizens of Ohio,
praying Congress to extend the pension laws
to the soldiers of the war of 1812;
The papers in the case of the application of
Jonathan Nutt, for a pension ; and
The petition of Elijah Durfee, asking for a
pension for services in the war of 1812.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
CLAfjIS, PENSIONS, ETC,
Mr. PERHAM asked unanimous consent
that the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
discharged from the further consideration of
the following, and that the same be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs :
The petition of James M. McKaney, praying
compensation for services during the rebel-
lion ; and
The petition ofVinerT. Horton, late pri-
vate of company I, twenty-fifth Iowa volun-
teers, for a pension.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. PERHAM also asked unanimous con-
sent that the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be discharged from the further consideration
of the petition of Patrick Cady, for a pension,
and that the same be referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. PERHAM also asked unanimous con-
sent that the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be discharged from the further consideration
of the following, and that the same be laid on
the table, as pensions have been granted in
those cases, namely:
The petition of William Hemphill, guardian
of David Hemphill, deceased, late private of
company E, seventy-second regiment Pennsyl-
vania volunteers ;
The petition of Andrew J. Cornelison, pri-
vate company G, fifty-sixth Illinois volunteers,
for a pension ;
The petition of John Herriott, private com-
pany H, twenty-sixth Illinois volunteers;
The petition of Anna Burnice, widow of
William Burnice, late gunner of the United
States Navy; and
House bill No. 1034, granting a pension to
Mrs. Agnes Holman.
Mr. PERHAM also asked unanimous con-
sent that the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be discharged from the further consideration
of the following, and the same be laid on the
table:
The petition of citizens of Illinois, praying
for the passage of an act granting pensions
withheld from March 3,18G5, to June 3, 18G6 ;
The petition of Eliza M. Scantland, Jackson
county, Tennessee, asking for an increase of
pension; and
The memorial of Mrs. Emma A. Wood,
widow of Major General George A. Wood,
praying that her pension may be made to date
from the time of the death of her husband,
November 8, 1851.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
PENSION AGENCY, DECATUR, ALABAMA.
Mr. PERHAM also asked unanimous con-
sent that the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be discharged from the further consideration
of House bill No. 1560, for the establishment
of a pension agency in the town of Decatur,
in the State of Alabama, and that .the same be
laid on the table.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
WIDOWS, ETC., OF DECEASED SOLDIERS.
Mr. PERHAM also asked vinanimous con-
sent that the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be discharged from the further consideration
of House bill No. 1008, amendatory of the act
of July 27, 1868, regulating pensions for the
widows and minor children of deceased sol-
diers, and that the same be laid on the table.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
PENSIONS TO CERTAIN EX-OFFICERS.
Mr. PERHAM also asked unanimous con-
sent that the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be discharged from the further consideration
of House bill No. 1310, to provide for the
granting of pensions to those ex-officers of the
United States Army, according to their rank
at date of final muster-out, who were wounded
while serving as enlisted men, and who are
not now drawing pensions as officers, and that
the same be laid on the table.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
ACTING ASSISTANT SURGEONS.
Mr. PERHAM. I ask unanimous consent
that the Committee on Invalid Pensions be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 1011) supplementary to the
several acts relating to pensions, proposing to
extend their provisions to acting assistant sur-
geons disabled by wounds or disease while per-
forming the duties of assistant or acting assist-
ant surgeons, and that the same be laid on the
table.
There being no objection, it was ordered
accordingly.
PENSIONS.
On motion of Mr. PERHAM, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Invalid Pensions
was discharged from the further consideration
of the following; and the same were laid on
the table:
Petition of Mrs. D. C. Daily and five hun-
dred widows, praying for increase of pension;
Petition of A. D. Ivinne, asking a modifica-
tion of the pension laws in reference to fathers;
Petition of George A. Thurston, asking legis-
lation in reference to pensioners' bounties;
Petition of Rachel Slack, praying for an in-
crease of pension to the widows of officers;
Resolution directing the Committee on In-
valid Pensions to inquire into the expediency
of placing the widows and children of the men
killed at the massacre at Lawrence, Kansas,
August 21, 1863, in the same relation to the
pension laws as the widows and children of
soldiers killed in the service of the United
States; and
Resolution directing the Committee on In-
valid Pensions to inquire iuto the expediency
of so amending the pension laws as to embrace
cases of the death "of all Union soldiers who
died or were killed while on furlough or absent
from their commands by authority of the proper
officer or officers.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. PERHAM. I ask that Robert T. Brown,
a petitioner for an increase of pension, have
leave to withdraw his papers without leaving
copies, there having been no action in his case.
Leave was granted.
Mr. SCOFIELD asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House the papers
ofE. Sawyer.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
