1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1815
President is hereby authorized, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, to fill all vacancies
which have occurred or mayhereafteroccur therein.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the amend-
ments of'the Senate be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments were concurred
in ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS, ETC., SIGNED.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled
bills and joint resolutions of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. Ii. No. 1804) to establish a bridge
across the East river between the cities of
Brooklyn and New York, in the State of New
York, a post road;
An act (S. No. 871) to authorize the transfer
of lands granted to the Union Pacific Railway
Company, eastern division, between Denver
and the point of its connection with the Union
Pacific Railroad, to the Denver Pacific Railway
and Telegraph Company, and to expedite the
completion of railroads to Denver, in the Ter-
ritory of Colorado;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 219) giving the
assentof tli-e United States to the construction
of the Newport and Cincinnati bridge; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 231) providing
for the reporting and publication of the debates
in Congress.
NORMAN WIARD.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the joint select Com-
mittee on Ordnance, reported'a bill (H. R. No.
2021) for the relief of Norman Wiard; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Navy to pay the sum of $125,848 89 to
Norman Wiard, out of any appropriation made
for the support of the Navy Department, pro-
vided that sum shall be accepted by him as in
fufi for all guns of steel made by him and de-
livered in letil, and afterward sold by the Navy
Department, he not having been paid for them ;
aud in full for all expenditures incurred in
making experimental guns for the Government
in 1863 and 1864, under a joint agreement with
the War and Navy Departments.
Mr. SCHENCK. If gentlemen will forbear
asking me questions until they have heard what
I have to say I think that in a very few minutes
I can put them in possession of the facts of
this case.
This report is made with reference to the
claims of Norman Wiard under two contracts
made with the Government, one in 1861 for
certain steel guns, and one in 1863 for certain
other experimental steel guns. * Both of these
claims arising under these contracts have been
considered together, and they are bo£h embraced
in the bill now before the House.
In the Thirty-Ninth Congress these claims
were considered separately, and two bills were
reported to the House by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. Those bills met with the favor-
able consideration of the House, passed, and
went to the Senate. They were not considered
m the Senate for want of time. The Senator
who objected was afterward so well satisfied
that injustice had been done in not allowing
the claim—as I am informed, and I presume
that to have been his motive—that he,himself
introduced in the succeeding Congress a bill
for the payment of the claim.
But in the Fortieth Congress a joint select-
committee, consisting of three Senators and
three Representatives, was raised, to whom the
whole subject of ordnance was referred, and
as these claims of Wiard related entirely to
ordnance they were referred to that joint select
committee. That committee have had tfiatsub-
lect under consideration, have given it very
careful attention, and at the pseseat session
made a report, which is printed—report No.6—
and which gentlemen can see, if they wish to
examine it more at length, by sending to the
document-room for it.
As that report is one of some length, em-
bodying references to all the testimony and
facts of the case, I will state briefly the facts
of the case, which statement will probably an-
swer all the questions that might naturally be
asked.
The joint select Committee on Ordnance,
which have had the claims of Norman Wiard
under consideration, find the same growing out
of and based on contracts for furnishing experi-
mental and other guns. The first contract was
made between the chief of the Bureau of Ord-
nance of the'Navy Department and W. A. Har-
woodand Norman Wiard, the claimant, in 1861,
and was for a large number of steel guns of fifty
pounds caliber. The evidence shows the con-
tract complete in the usual form and with the
proper officers of the Government. The guns
were to be made in lots of five for eighty-five
cents per pound, the order to be renewed for
five more as soon as the first five were com-
pleted, all after the first five to be priced at
eighty cents per pound.
The second part of the claim is for disburse-
ments necessary to the production of experi-
mental guns made under a formal contract, with
Gideon Welles, Secretary of the Navy, dated
April 10, 1863, and an informal but expressed
contract between the War Department, by act-
ing Secretary of War P. H. Watson, esq., and
Norman Wiard.
The Navy part of the contract was for twenty
large guns on a new and untried plan to weigh
forty-three thousand pounds each, at the price
of sixteen cents per pound, provided either
two or more stood the test.
The War Department part ofthecontract was
for an unlimited number of like guns to be
received of Mr. Wiard in case they stood the
stipulated test. The contracts were made in
a formal manner and notice given the claim-
ant that the Department were disposed to try
his plan of making guns. A joint board of
Army and Navy officers especially convened,
and they recommended a contract which was
made and signed by the Secretary of the Navy.
The frequent bursting of heavy guns and the
necessity of using stronger materials having
come to the attention of the Departments the
contract of 1863 was by the Navy Department
annulled arbitrarily, and this, with the stoppage
of the disbursements in the matter of experi-
mental guns, constitute the foundations for the
claims referred to. The committee award for
guns of the first lot:
Four weighing 22,800 pounds at 85 cents.... $19,380 00
Five weighing 28,500 pounds at 80 cents  22,800 00
For first part of the claim    42,180 00
And for expenditures supported by vouch-
ers under the second contract in 1863  83,668 49
Total $125,848 49
The report, the substance, of which I have
stated, is not a mere majority report of the
joint select Committee on Ordnance, consist-
ing of three Senators and three Representa-
tives, who have considered this whole matter
and taken the testimony, but it is the unani-
mous report of that committee. There may
be mentioned two or three points of hardship
in the case that do not appear in the statement
I have just submitted. One is that Mr. Wiard
actually paid to the Government, as has been
ascertained, $11,000 of internal revenue taxes
upon this work of his; and of this money the
Government has had the benefit, though he
has received nothing on his contract. Another
point is that the guns of his manufacture were
delivered to the Government, and after lying
here for some time, and when the Government
had arbitrarily thrown up the contract were
sold, and the proceeds, whatever the amount
may'have been, of all those steel guns thus
sold went into the public Treasury. So that
although the guns were rejected, or at least
claimed not properly to belong to the Govern- ■
ment, yet the Government assumed control
over them, sold them and appropriated to its
own use the money received from the sale.
In short, the committee became satisfied
that here was a clear, just case for compensa-
tion to be made, but as this claim had been
pending for some time the committee, after
reducing the amount to the lowest point which
they thought just to Mr. Wiard, and after de-
clining to allow in the computation any interest
upon the amount of the claim, which might
perhaps reasonably have been allowed, inserted
a further provision that the payment provided
for in this bill shall be the end of the matter,
that Mr. Wiard is to make no further claim,
but is to accept this in full compensation.
Now, sir, if there be no further inquiry to
be made I will, on account of the little time we
have to spare, demand the previous qQestioa.
Mr. WARD. I Would like to ask the gentle-
man a question: that is, whether Mr. Wiard
has been paid anything by the ordnance depart-
ment for any of these experiments ?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; I understand that
Mr. Wiard has had no pay for any experiment
connected with these guns at all. This has all
been done under contract.
Mr. WARD. My reason for asking the ques-
tion was that I had been informed that this man
had received considerable pay from the ord-
nance department and had filed with that depart-
ment a receipt in full for all his claims against
the Government. Besides that, I had some
recollection that a claim of this man had come
before the Committee of Claims and had been
rejected. I ask the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] whether this is the same claim V
Mr. SCHENCK. That was a matter relating
to the fitting out of a steamboat. The only pay-
ment that Mr. Wiard has ever received under
this contract for guns is the amount he received
as the price per pound of the materials used in
one of the first guns that was made, and that
is not a part of the amount included in the
report of the committee.
Mr. WARD. The substance of this claim,
as I understand, is that Mr. Wiard made these
experiments in guns, incurring for that pur-
pose a considerable expenditure. Now, I ask
whether these experiments have been so valu-
able in their results that we should pay for
them.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will answer the gentle-
man's inquiry. Mr. WTiard was not merely
employed to produce these experimental guns,
but he was employed under a contract pro-
viding that he should be paid at a certain rate
per pound. The contract was complied with
upon his part until his experiments were
stopped by the Government. For his material
furnished, his time given, his labor, his services
in every way, he has received no pay. His
guns were finally refused, notwithstanding the
obligations of the contract. If the gentleman
forces me to an opinion I will give it to him.
My conviction is—and I think it is the belief
of every member of the Committee on Ord-
nance—that Mr. Wiard was not permitted to
go any further because he was an ou.tside
civilian manufacturer of steel and iron pro-
ducts, and his manufactures came in com-
petition with those of gentlemen upon the inside
who, it was thought, ought to have the monop-
oly of making guns, good or bad, for both the
Navy and the Army. That is the secret of the
matter.
Mr. WARD. Then, Mr. Speaker, I under-
stand the case to be this: that Mr. Wiard had
a contract; that in pursuance of that contract
he made certain, experiments and produced
certain work which was refused by the Navy
Department, aud now the gentleman claims
he has not been fairly treated in this refusal.
Mr. SCHENCK. The guns were delivered
and received. I thought I had obviated the
necessity of answering these questions by the
abstract I took the pains to prepare. 1 demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
