1868.
THE (30NGB1SSIQNM/ (JEOBE.
Mi
of the President arfli pc6nounees a judgment
of condemnation the sentiments con-
tained in it, upon its language, and upon the
proposition generally. What is to follow from
it,? The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hend-
ricks] proposes an amendment declaring, I
believe, a doctrine of a party'platform. The
Senator frotli New Jersey [Mr. Catteli/I in the
original form of his resolution had a fragmeik
from another party platform. Now1,1T-stibtnit',
sir, that our duties are not those of a conven-
tion, that our duties are legislative; and that
we misspend our time in discussing abstract
propositions which are to lead to 110 immediate
action and take no legislative form.
See the result to which we come in this par-
ticular instance. It is proposed to select in
this resolution a passage in the President's
message. He and his friends will insist that
that does him great injustice; that you take
particular language; you take a sentence or
two from his message and you leave o"ut alto-
gether the context; and upon turning to the
message myself I am of that opinion, that by
yonr resolution you will not give a fair repre-
sentation of the President's position. A few
paragraphs before the passage cited in the reso-
lution the Presidentcommeuces in this manner:
"Various plans have been proposed for the pay-
ment of the public debt. However tht*y may have
varied as to tho time and mode in which it should
be redeemed, there seems to be a general concurrence
as to the propriety and justness of a reduction in the
present rate of interest."
Then he proceeds to mention that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury'has proposed the con-
version of the debt into a five percent, debtor
loan, aud that other propositions have been
made, particularly in a bill passed by Congress
at the last session, providing for a four or a four
and a half per cent, loan into which the pres
ent five-twenty bonds should be converted.
Other suggestions, he says, have also been
made with reference to this debt and the bur-
den which it imposes upon the people; and
then he says further:
"A system that produces such results is justly
regarded as favoring a few at the expense of the
many, ami has led to the further inquiry whether
oar bondholder?, m view of the large profits which
they have enjoyed, would themselves bo averse to a
settlement of our indebtedness upon a plan which
would yield them a fair remuneration, and at the
same time be just to the tax-payers of the nation."
And then, further on, he states the proposi-
tion which is embodied in the resolution before
the Senate. In the first reading of his mes-
sage the idea I obtained was that he proposed
that Congress should at once pass a law com-
pelling the public creditor, without any reason
whatever assigned on the face of the law or
assigned outside of the law, to accept interest
for sixteen years, and then that the debt should
be considered extinguished ; but upon a fair
construction it seems to me that his message
does not mean that, but, going on and men-
tioning the various propositions that have been
made in Congress and out of it for relieving
the people with reference to debt and interest,
he suggests that the public creditors, in view
of considerations which pertain to the whole
subject., may be content to make an arrange-
ment or an adjustment of their claims with the
Government, Then he goes on and states
simply a proposition, a thing to be considered.
The upshot of it is, he suggests whether the
creditors may not take into consideration the
particular plan which he proposes. Is there
any reason for the condemnation of this reso-
tioti, in view of that construction of the mes-
sage? Certainly not. For tny part, I think
the plan which the President proposes is not
one which will be entertaintained by the pub-
lic creditors or entertained by the country;
that it is not practicable. I am not for it; I
a.n committed against it; but in justice to him
let it be understood that it is stated in his mes-
sage as an addition to the various other propo-
sitions which have been made in Congress and
out of it in regard to the public debt; and
whether it. be admissible or not, wise or not,
there is no reason for pronouncing, by resolu-
tion, condemnation upon it. The Senate con-
demns the sentiments as well as the matter of
the message. We have no business to con-
demn it. It is net'within our jurisdiction to
sit in judgment and condemn him in this man-
ner. It might be prdper for'the Senate to
express its own opinion, if it should think
proper, in the way of a resolution, • The Sen-
ate-may declare that its opinion, is thus and so,
although I think we' ought to be reluctant to
enter upon the passage of resolutions that do
not lead to immediate practical action.
I think the Senator from New Jersey there-
fore spoke without the book when He suggesteVl
that the form in which this resolution Was
reported from the committee was so -unobjec-
tionable that everybody would agree-to it.
If it were a mere expression of opinion by
the Senate upon the subject of paying the pub-
lic debt it would be one thing. If by reference
to the President's message it expressed dissent
in its opinion from a proposition contained
there, that also would be a matter for fair con-
sideration. But here a fragment of the mes-
sage is taken out without the context, which
will convey to the public and to the world a
just view of what the President intended,;
and then the Senate pronounces judgment of
condemnation upon that passage; and, of
course, read by itself, without what goes before
and explains it, it conveys an incorrect idea
altogether of the position which the President
takes.
Mr. President, I might go on if the hour
were timely and suggest that there have been
various other propositions made in regard to
the public debt which would fall under pre-
cisely the same condemnation which this reso-
lution visits, propositions here in Congress and
out of it; propositions based upon the idea
that the public creditors and the Government
shall adjust their relations with each other by
compromise and by agreement. We proposed
one bill at the lastsession which the President
did not sign, and various others have been pro-
posed, and the principle upon which they all
, every one of them, is that the Government
shall not pay absolutely six per cent, in interest
and the principal of the loans in gold ; that the
creditors shall take something which is less
advantageous to them. 1 agree that this plan
proposed in the President's message, so far as
1 can understand it. is not a practicable or a
wise one ; I am not for it, but I am opposed to
this resolution, which uponinsuflicient grounds
condemns his message, does him injustice;
which does not state his position at all: which
leases out the context, which is necessary to go
along with the passage cited in the resolution
in order to be comprehended.
Sir, it is an embarrassing position in which
to be placed, if a gentleman intends to vote,
when he agrees in opinion against the propo-
sition mentioned in the resolution, and yet at
the same time is precluded from voting for
that or assenting to it, because of ils form and
because it does injustice. It seems to me that
if the committee that had the subject in charge
desired anything that would have a salutary
effect npon public opinion, which would fairly
express a reasonable view of the Senate, they
would have put the resolution in a different
form. In the form in which it is I, for one,
will not vote for it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I know
no instance in the history of the Senate of the
United States when a recommendation of the
President of the United States has been met
by a resolution of condemnation. The Senate
will be at a loss to find any resolution of this
body condemning simply a mere expression of
opinion on the part of the President of the
United States.
In the passage from the message of the
President which is cited in the resolution he
makes no recommendation; he does not in
any particular invoke the action of this body;
he does not even suggest to you the propriety
of any action on your part; but as an indi-
vidual he makes a suggestion as to what he
supposes would be for the interest of the jMibhc
creditors, as to what he supposes they win be
satisfied with ; and Simply because he has thus
expressed an opinion or made a. suggestion,
without asltijig you-to indorse it either % res-
olution or by legislative enactment, you harry-
through this, the High Qduneil Chamber of
thte nation, a resolution condemnatory in its
character. I doubt, sir, whether in any grbat
legislative body a resolution of ', this character
has ever been passed. What! has it come to
this that the chief Executive Officer of the
nation, in his communications with this bodjy
shall not be allowed to express an opinion or
make a suggestion as to what' lie supposed
would be to the interest of the public and also
to the interest of the public creditors without
being met bywords of condemnation and lan-
guage of disapprobation?
This is the true situation of this question
now before the Senate. Bead that message
carefully, and I will defy any man to point out
in this regard a particle of recommendation
on the part of the President or even an inti-
mation that the Senate of the United States a&
a legislative body ought to take any action-
upon the suggestion which he makes. Why,
sir, he starts out by stating to you distinctly"
that many suggestions have been made in ref-
erence to the manner of discharging the public
indebtedness. He reminds you that Congress
at its last session passed an act providing for
the payment of interest at the rate of four and
four and a half per cent. This was one sug-
gestion ; it passed this body; it passed the
other House of Congress ; it went to the Pres-
ident; he withheld his signature from it, and
it did not become a law. 'Ihen he assumes
as a fact that in the judgment of this body and
the judgment of the other House of Congress
there ought to be an abatement of the public
interest, and he assumes that the judgment of
Congress in that respect is the judgment of the?
country. This proposition having received the
favorable consideration of Congress, he then
makes a suggestion of his own whether, if the
public indebtedness were discharged in the
manner he suggests in his message, it would
not be a better plan and whether it would not
meet the approval of the creditors themselves.*
And yet, sir, upon the reading of this mes-
sage in this body, the mere suggestion of the
President of the United States was regarded
by (he body as repudiation. If the suggestion
of the President be repudiation, what is the
suggestion in a bill passed by Congress of fund-
ing the debt at an interest of four and four
and a half per cent, except repudiation ? The
honorable Senator who introduced that hill
and this body when they passed it had no idea
that in introducing it or passing it they were
favoring the doctrine of repudiation; and yet
it was a proposition to abate one and a half*
and two per cent, of the interest on the public
debt.
Then, sir, there is no difference in principle
between the suggestion of the President of the
United States and the solemn enactment of this
body. The principleis the same. The question
is only as to the abatement of the amount of inter-
est.. And yet, sir, after the gentlemen of this body
have themselves solemnly voted for a proposi-
tion to abate the interest on the public debt one
and a half and two per cent., thereby showing
their judgment that the people of the country
are paying a greater amount of interest than
should be exacted from them, they come for-
ward with a condemnatory resolution of the
President of the United Slates when be sug-
gests the same thing and does not even ask
their approval, does not ask their indorsement,
does not ask them to pass any bill or enact
any measure to carry out his views. In con-
demning him, sir, you condemn yourselves.
It is said that consistency is a jewel. I know
that that jewel is not found too frequently in
legislative balls; but 1 should like some gentle-
man who voted for the bill of the honorable
Senator from Ohio, providing that the public
debt should draw four or four and a half per
cent, interest, to explain to me the difference
in principle between the provisions of that bill
and the suggestion of the President of the
