1816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
iSon thereof tl*e bill was ordered to beengrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WARD demanded the yeas and n^ys
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 65, nays 57, not voting
100 follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Banks, Barnes, Bingham, Blaine,
Blair, Bole3, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick
B. Butler, Cake, Callis, Reader W. Clarke, Clift, Co-
bum, Corley, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Eckley, JamesT.
Elliott, Farnsworth, Terry, French, Garfield, Goss,
Griswold, Hooper,. Hotehkiss, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Johnson, Judd,Kel3ej\Koontz, Lash, Logan, Lynch,
M&llory, Marvin, McCarthy, Miller, Morrell. Mor-
rissey, Mullins, Mungen, Myers, Norris, O'Neill,
Paine, Pile. Plants, Price, Prince, Pruyn, Randall,
Robinson, Roots, Schenck, Sitgreaves, Stewart, Sto-
yer,Taffe, Taylor, Twichell, and Whittemore—65.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison, Archer, Bailey, Baker,
Barnum, Beaman, Benjamia, Benton, Broomall,
Chanier, Cook, Cornell, Dawes, Dickey, Thomas D.
Eliot, Ferriss, Fields, Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay,
Haight, Hawkins, Hill, Holinan, Hopkins, Chester
D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Ilulburd, Hum-
phrey, Hunter, Julian, Ketcham, William Law-
rence, Loan, Loughridge, Mercur, Niblack, Nunn,
Poland, Pomeroy, Ross. Sawyer, Scofield,Shellabar-
ger, Stevens, Stokes, Taber, Upson, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Wood,
and Young—57.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ame3, Anderson,
Arnell, Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axtell,
Baldwin, Beatty, Beck, Blackburn, Boutwell, Bowen,
Boyden, Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks, Buckland, Burr,
Cary, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Covode, Cul-
lom, Delano. Deweese, Dockery, Donnelly, Edwards,
Eggleston, Ela, Eldridge, Fox, Gove, Gravely, Gro-
ver, Halsey, Hamilton, Harding, Haughey. Heaton,
Higby, Asahel W. Hubbard, Alexander H. Jones,
Thomas L. Jones, Kelley, Kellogg, Kerr, Kitchen,
Knott, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Mar-
ghall, Maynard, McCormick, McCullough, McKee,
Moore, Moorhead, Newcomb, Newsham, Nicholson,
Orth, Perham, Peters, Pettis, Phelps, Pierce, Pike,
Polsley, Raum, Robertson, Selye. Shanks, Smith,
Spalding, Starkweather, Stone, Sypher, Thomas,
Tift, John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Van Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, Van
Trump, Vidal, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D.
Washburn, Thomas Williams, Wiliam Williams,
James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wil-
son, Windom, Woodbridge, and Woodward—100.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SCHENCIC moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
william b. looxey.
The SPEAKER stated that the Senate re-
quested a committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on Senate
bill No. 900, granting a pension to William B.
Looney.
There was no objection, and the request was
reciprocated.
military testimony.
Mr. GARFIELD submitted the following'
resolution ; which was read, considered, and,
under the law, referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House three thousand extra copies of the testimony
of officers of the Army taken before the members of
the Committee on Military Affairs and the report of
tho committee accompanying the same.
removal of political disabilities.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting applications for removal of polit-
ical disabilities from R. Richardson, H. D.
Foote, J. A. P. Campbell, A. Clayton, R. V.
Booth, and A. J. Conklin ; which was referred
to the Committee on Reconstruction.
reconstruction.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting reports of commanders of mili-
tary depaitments South relative to persons
turned over for trial to civil authorities ; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
joiix dumplin.
Mr. ORTH, by unanimous consent, with-
drew from the files of the House the petition
and papers in the case of John Dumplin, to
be referred.to the next Congress, without leav-
ing copies.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the Committee
on Reconstruction, repotted back the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1746)
for the removal of certain disabilities from the
persons therein named, and moved that the
House disagree to the same.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the House concur,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I demand the pre-
vious question. The Senate has inserted about
twice as many more names. The amendment is
in the nature of a substitute.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question being taken on the motion to
concur, it was disagreed to.
'The motion to non-concur was agreed to.
Mr. BECK. I move that the House ask for
a conference. ' •
Mr. PAINE. I hope not. ■
The question being' put on the motion of
Mr. Beck, there were—ayes 52, noes 58; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were orderedand Messrs. Beck
and Paine were appointed.
The House divided 5 and the-tellersreported—
ayes 74, noes 50.
So the motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed as conferrees on
the part of the House Messrs. Beck, farns-
worth, and Paine.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Ham-
ilton, on account of sickness confining him to
his room.
release OV american citizens.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the House
proceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The first business on the Speaker's table
was the following message of the President of
the United States, which had been laid on the
table when the Chair asked unanimous consent
to lay it before the House, because Mr. Rob-
inson desired to make some remarks 011 the
subject:
To the Hovse q/ Itepreientaiivpn :
I transmit an additional report from the Secretary
of State, representing that Me?srs.Costello and War-
ren, citizens of the United States imprisoned in Ire-
land, have been released.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, February 20.1869.
Mr. ROBINSON addressed the House. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
The message was ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee 011 Foreign Affairs.
** fifteenth constitutional amendment.
The next business on the Speakers table
was the following resolution of the Senate:
IZesolved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) that the President be requested
to transmit forthwith to the Executives of the several
States of the United States copies of the article of
amendment proposed by Congress to said Legisla-
tures to amend the Constitution of the United States,
passed February 26, 1809, respecting tho exercise of
the elective franchise, to the end that the said States
may proceed to act upon the said article of amend-
ment; and that he request the Executive of each of
the States that may ratify said amendment to trans-
mit to the Secretary of State a certified copy of said
ratification.
Mr. CULLOM. I move that the House
concur,* and on that 1 demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered,* and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was concurred in.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was concurred in ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
national currency.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the^ following resolution of the Senate,
passed February 20, 1869 :
Resolved,* That the Senate disagree to the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill (S.
No. 440) supplementary to an act entitled "An act to
provide a natio'nal currency secured by a pledge of
national bonds and to provide for tho circulation
and redemption thereof," approved January 3,1864,
and ask a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That Messrs. Sherman, Morgan, and
Cameron be the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. COBURN. I move that the House
accede to the request of the Senate for a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments of the House to
that bill: and on that motion I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I move to lay the resolu-
tion of the Senate on the table.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
56, noes 62.
Mr. BROOKS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Coburn, and
Mr. Trimble of Kentucky, were appointed.
The House divided 5 and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 73, noes 75.
Mr. BROOKS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
ia the negative—yeas 70, nays 108, not voting
44 as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Barnum,
Benton, Boutwell, Brooks, Broomall, Cake, Chanier,
Churchill, Cook, Cornell, Covode, Dawes, Dixon,
Thomas D. Eliot, Ferriss, Fields, Fox, Getz, Gris-
wold, Hotehkiss, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Humphrey, Jenckes, Kelsey,Ketcham, Koontz, Laf-
lin, Marvin, McCarthy, Mercur, Miller^ Moore, Moor-
head, Morrell, Morrissey, Myers, O'Neill, Perham,
Pike, Poland, Pomeroy, Prtiyn, Randall, Robertson,
Robinson, Scofield, Selye, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spald-
ing, Starkweather, Steven5?, Stewart, Taber, Taylor,
Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam. Burt Van Horn,
Van Wyck, Ward, William B. Washburn, Thomas
Williams. Steuben F. Wilson. Wood, and Wood-
bridge—70. .
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Delos R. Ashley, James
M. Ashley, Axtell, Baker, Barnes, Beaman, Beatty,
Beck, Benjamin,Bingham, Blackburn, Blaine, Blair,
Boles, Boyden, Bromwell, Buckland, Buckley, Burr,
Callis, Cary, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cor-
ley, Culloxn, Delano, Dockery, Donnelly, Driggs,
Eckley, Eggleston, Eldridge, James T. Elliott, Ferry,
French, Garfield, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Goss, Gove,
Grover, Harding, Haughey, Hawkins, Heaton, Hol-
man, Hopkins, Hunter, Ingersoll, Johnson, Alexan-
der H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kel-
logg.Kerr, Kitchen,Knott, Lash, William Lawrence,
Loan, Loughridge, Mallory, Marshall, Maynard,
McCormick, McKee. Mullins, Mungen, Newsham,
Niblack, Nicholson, Norris, Orth, Paine, Pierce, Pile,
Plants, Prince, Raum, Roots, Ross, Sawyer, Schenck,
Shanks,Shellabarger, Stokes, Stone, Stover, Sypher,
Tuffe, Tift, Lawrence S. Trimble, Trowbridge, Van
Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, Welker,
Whittemore, William Williams, James F. Wilson,
John T. Wilson. Woodwaid, and Young—103.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
Archer, Arnell, Bowen, Boyer. Benjamin F. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Sidney Clarke, Clift, Deweese,
Dickey, Dodge, Edwards, Ela, Farnsworth, Gravely,
Haight, Halsey, Hamilton, Higby, Hill, Hooper, Asa-
hel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Kelley, George
V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan, Lynch, McCullough,
Newcomb, Nunn, Peters, Pettis, Phelps. Polsley,
Price, Thomas, John Trimble, Vidal, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, and Windom—44.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
of the Senate on the table.
Mr. Coburn*s motion was then agreed to.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was agreed to: and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Coburn, Mr.
Judd, and Mr. Hooper of Massachusetts, man-
agers of the conference 011 the part of the
House.
land claims in new mexico.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 1314) to confirm certain private land
claims in the Territory of New Mexico.
The amendment of the Senate was to insert
after the word "land," m line eleven, the
words "not improved by or in behalf of the
United.States and not including any military
or other reservation."
The amendment was concurred in.
