1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
1T3
great danger is, rt ot that the people are dishon-
est, but seeing fhat those whom they intrusted
with the management of their affairs and to-
represent them in the Halls of Congress do not
curtail the expenses of the General Govern-
ment and lessen their burdens, it may be that
they may consider, as Livy said when he went
to write his history, whether it shall be the price
of their labor, whether it shall be the price of
their sweat to pay the public debt at all. You
know, sir, and so does every other reflecting
man know, that if you could separate portions
of this public debt from other portions of it,
there is a large part of the American people
who would to-day not repudiate it, but who
would iiot acknowledge that it ever rightfully
existed.
Suppose you could separate that portion of
the public debt which was incurred in the legiti-
mate and proper prosecution of the war from
that portion of it which had no connection with
the legitimate and proper prosecution of the
war, and put the question of the payment of
the latter to the people of the United States
this day, I doubt whether you could predict
with certainty the result. Who would pay that
portion of the debt (if it could be presented
distinctly from any other portion of it) incurred
for the military's being sent into States that had
never joined in what you called the rebellion,
that never gave you any disturbance, to control
elections, as they were in my State ? I might
vote for it, provided I could vote at the same
time fora rope tohangthe men that sentthem.
All these questions may hereafter by some
persons be presented for the consideration of
the American people. Now. suppose a great
financial crash should come, such as this coun-
try has undergone in time past, then, from the
depths of embarrassment and want and ruin,
the people may begin to consider the easiest
way to escape; and therefore, says the Presi-
dent in his message, (whether he had any refer-
ence to a state of affairs of that kind or not,)
it is not always best to exact to the letter the
fulfillment of the bond.
But, Mr. President, I will not enter more
fully into the discussion of this question now.
I do not believe that any person who properly
considers the language of the Executive in his
message can seriously come to the conclusion
that he meant repudiation in any form what-
ever ; but finding that even Congress itself had
entertained a proposition for the abatement of
the public interest, so that there should not be
a rigid compliance with the terms of the bond,
he, without recommending Congress to act
Upon his suggestion, merely suggested this as
one of the propositions that might be worthy
of consideration here and by the creditors.
But, sir, I suppose this resolution will pass.
If so, I can see no possible good to come from
it. The mere suggestion has not lowered the
price of stocks and gold in the market. It has
not decreased the value of your bonds. The
public are suffering no detriment. The reso-
lution looks too much upon its face, although
I do not presume that the honorable Senator
who offered it could possibly have meant such
a thing, as if it was intended to give a party
fling at a retiring President.
I shall enter upon no eulogy of the President.
He has done many tilings which you disap-
prove. He has not gone far enough in the
right direction for me. lie is about to go out
of public life. Although I have dissented from
many measures of his administration, I have
approved most of those to which you have
taken exception. There is one thing that can
with truth be said of him, that starting out in
early life with none of the advantages which
most of you have had, he has worked himself
up by honorable paths to the chief position
vtnder this Government, the President of the
United States. History, notwithstanding any
resolution which you may pass, whether de-
signed for the purposes of reflection or other-
wise, will adjudge this of him, that in the try-
ing and embarrassing situation in whiah he has
been placed he acted, to the best of bis judg-
ment, a patriotic part?. He has givea too many
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 8.
evidences in the past of his devotion to the
country for it now to be believed that he means
that country wrong.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the pas-
sage cited in the resolution now under con-
sideration from the President's message is to
my mind very plain. It needs no gloss or
comment or interpretation to arrive at its just
intention and exact purpose. It recommends
to Congress, as a measure proceeding from
the executive mind, a recommendation pre-
sented to us in the course of his official duties
as established by the Constitution, that we
should enact by law that the public creditors,
the bondholders of the United States, should
be deprived of the benefit of the performance
of the promise which the Government has made
to them in the terms in which it was made.
He recommends that henceforth there shall
be applied from time to time, from the end of
one period of six months to the end of another
period of six months, the Semi-annual interest
accruing upon the bonds of the United States,
upon the principal made payable on the face
of those bonds, until this application, or rather
withholding of the interest of the bonds, shall
have absorbed and exhausted and paid the
principal of the bonds. That is the executive
recommendation; it is in effect and intent a
deliberate recommendation to Congress to make
a private seizure of the interest accruing upon
the public bonds of the United States, and to
apply that interest in payment of the principal
of the bonds. In other words, it is an attempt
on the part of the Executive, by way of recom-
mendation, to repudiate henceforth and reject,
refuse to pay—for that is the plain English ot'it-—
both the interest and principal of those bonds.
Such, sir, very plainly and very clearly, is the
effect and intent of that executive recommend-
ation. It calls upon Congress to refuse to pay
the honest debts of the nation.
Gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber
do not regard this as a recommendation sug-
gested on the part of the President of the Uni-
ted States. They seein to treat it very plausi-
bly and very kindly, as if it was a meie kindly
and benevolent suggestion 011 the part of the
President of the United States. Sir, the Con-
stitution gives to the President, among other
powers and among other duties, the power and
duty of furnishing information to Congress,
from time to time, of the state of the nation,
and of recommending to their consideration
such measures as he may see fit. He is not
authorized by the Constitution to enter upon
the business of writing and publishing essays
either to Congress or to the public. He is
bound up and confined to these two simple
duties: furnishing information to Congress,
and recommending to Congress such measures
as he may see fit. I take it for granted he did 1
not intend in the present instance to depart |
from the line of what he regarded his constitu-
tional duty, and I therefore take it for granted
that it is his deliberate purpose, as President
of the United States, to have it understood that
he, the President, is opposed to the payment
henceforth of either the principal or the inter-
est upon the bonds of the United States.
This recommendation goes the entire length
of repudiating and sweeping out of existence
the honorable obligations due from this Gov-
ernment to its creditors, who, in its hour of
need, came generously and patriotically for-
ward and loaned their money to carry 011 the
war to put down the rebellion. Now, sir, I
would not upon every trifling occasion express
an opinion upon the recommendations of the
! President; but when he, acting under the Con-
' stitution, lays before the Congress of the United
States, and causes to be published at home and
abroad, this outright, sweeping, unblushing
piece of practical piracy, if it shall ever be
carried out, then I hold that it becomes my
duty as a Senator of the United States to
raise my voice against his and to condemn so
piratical a recommendation. Had this pro-
caede4 from auy private person, had it pro-
ceeded froth any other public functionary, it
tfotild have carried with it far less weight than
it does now. Sow will it be looked upon
abroad by the creditors of the Government who
may happen to read it? And I trust in God
they will be very few who will take that trouble;
they certainly will not if they know the man as
well as I think I know him. But this recom-
mendation will go abroad it will be understood
by the public creditors abroad as an expression,
to some extent atleast, of the purpas6 of the
American people to repudiate -their ' honest
debts. I need not say, sir, what effect; it may
have abroad or what effect it may havd at home.
I hold it therefore, sir, to be our bounden
duty, as constituting the legislative power of
the nation, to rebuke in limine this attempt to
repudiate the debts of the United States ; and
I am by no means persuaded, by the remarks
of the gentlemen upon the other side, that we
are committing the high and grave crime of
disrespect toward Andrew Johnson, President
of the United States, when we say in reply to
that foul recommendation—that is a harsh term,
perhaps, but I think it very well deserved—
that it is no better than a recommendation of
piracy and public robbery; for it is, after all, a
recommendation to seize and confiscate into
the Treasury of the United States moneys
which honestly and justly belong to the honest
creditors of the United States.
Mr. DIXON obtained the floor.
Mr. NY E. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. If it is the pleasure of
the Senate to adjourn I beg to suggest that it is
desirable that there should be a short execu-
tive session.
Mr. SUMNER. Can we not get a vote?
Mr. DIXON. To test the sense of the Sen-
ate as to whether they wish to hear use this
evening in the few remarks I have to make, I
move that, the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CATTELL. I hope the Senate will not
adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator from
Connecticut will withdraw his motion so that
we may have an executive session. There is
some executive business that we ought to do.
Mr. DIXON. I- withdraw the motion to
adjourn with the understanding that I have
the floor on this question.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 16, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Williams, of Pennsylvania, on account
of sickness.
CLERK to COMMITTEE ON REVISION of LAWS.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Revision of
the Laws 0t the United States bo authorized to employ
a clcrk, who shall be allowed the sarao compensation
as the clerk to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. McKEE. I would like to make one
suggestion to the gentleman from Vermont. _ I
am not objecting to the resolution. I am in
favor of allowing the committee a clerk. I
entirely agree with the chairman of the com-
mittee on that point. But I suggest to him
that in order to carry out what was agreed on
in the committee the compensation should he
limited to the time that Congress is in session.
We ought not to create a salaried office for the
year.
Mr. SPALDING. It is so now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
, it will expire on the 4th of Mai'ch next.
■' The resolution was then agreed to
