1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1065
House that the Senate had passed a resolution
for the appointment of a committee of one on
its part to join such committee as may be ap-
pointed on the part of the House to wait upon U.
S. Grant, President-elect of the United States,
and also upon Schuyler Colfax, Vice President-
elect of the United States, and inform them of
their election, and hare appointed Mr. Morton,
of Indiana, as such committee on its part.
question of privilege again.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. You will
see in a moment, Mr. Speaker, that whether
the vote of Georgia is counted or not at this
time makes no difference; but if this House
and the Senate can say that such a State shall
be counted, and such a State shall not be
counted, it is within the power of the House
and the Senate to say who shall be President
and who shall not be President. Nay, more;
if it is in the power of the House of Repre-
sentatives to make a rule that no vote of a
State shall be counted unless both the House
and the Senate agree together, then it puts it
in the power of either House to determine
who shall be President of the United States,
and from this day henceforth there can be no
election whenever the House and Senate are
opposed to each other. Think of it a moment,
gentlemen. Suppose a case of a presidential
election when the House is one way and the
Senate another. Under that joint rule, which
is constitutional and operating, the House will
say, '' We will not have the Republican votes
counted," and the Senate will say, " We will
not have the Democratic votes counted," and
there is an end to the proceeding of the election.
Now, then, what did the Constitution mean?
It meant that a convention should come to-
gether of the two Houses. What is meant by
that convention? It is claimed on the part of
the Senate that they sit in the convention as
an independent body, and, in deference to their
claim of privilege—because they are a small
body, and by practice their votes would be
overthrown—we have permitted heretofore by
the rule that all questions should be consid-
ered in the separate bodies.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes
in the chair.) The House will preserve order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am sorry
to speak when gentlemen have so little disposi-
tion to hear; but still I must do my duty, what-
ever it is.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Is it in order to
raise a question of order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I protest that
this is not a question of privilege. Every mem-
ber in this House will have a right to discuss
the matter the gentleman is discussing.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Speaker
has already decided this to be a question of
privilege, and it has been already entertained
as such by the House.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I insist, then,
that the gentleman is not arguing a question
of privilege which he has raised, but is discuss-
ing the question whether the electoral vote of
Georgia ought to be counted or not..
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts will proceed.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, is it in
order to move to go to business on the Speaker's
table ? If so I make that motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts is entitled to the floor,
and declines to yield to any one.
Mr. SPALDING. I supposed as he took me
off the floor the other day by that motion that
I could do the same with him.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is not
after the morning hour.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is only
after the morning hour that that rule prevails.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I want to get the
permission of the House that there shall be
no further business transacted to-night.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman from Massachusetts yield for that
motion ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
asked that I may not be interrupted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then the gentleman
can speak without interruplion.
TheSPE AKER_pro tempore. Does the gen-
tleman decline to yield to take the sense of
the House whether there shall be any further
business transacted to-night?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
over and over again said I decline to yield.
My friend may go if he does not want to hear
me.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not understand
what the gentleman 
Calls to order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I was
about saying when I was interrupted that this
therefore becomes a question of great gravity,
because while the Speaker has thought that
the action of the President of the Senate was
right, admitting that for a moment, what could
have happened if he had been wrong, as I
believe him to have been? What redress had
we suppose he had declared, standing in his
place, Horatio Seymour President of the Uni-
ted States against our protest ? He might have
done that just as well as what he did do, and
we should have been as powerless under the
Constitution as we are now, with nothing left
to us but the great right of revolution. The
same arbitrary proceeding; the same crowding
down of the Representatives of the people; the
the same—I do not want to use an unparlia-
mentary word—the same exercise of arbitrary,
despotic, monarchical power which he put upon
the Representatives of the people could just as
well have declared Horatio Seymour President
of the United States, and there would have
been no redress under the Constitution and
within the rule.
Now, suppose that the Senate had gone to
their Chamber after the votes of New_ York
and New Jersey, which gave a majority for
Sevmour, had been counted, and had decided
that the votes of no more States should be
counted, and having so decided had ordered
their President to take the stand there with the
gavel in his hand and pound down everybody
else until he had declared that by all the votes
counted Horatio Seymour was elected Presi-
dent of the United States, and whenever you
get a Senate opposed to the House and opposed
to the action of the people, when there can be
any pretext whatever for doing it, from that
moment, under this precedent, unless the
House asserts its privileges, our liberties and
the liberties of this country are gone, and we
are in the hands of the executive body known
as the Senate of the United States.
Now. then, let us see where we are. Let us
take a point of departure ; and I call attention
to it because I saw an act on the part of the
Speaker which, while well intended, and which
I have no doubt proceeded from his convic-
tions of duty, and which, therefore, I do not
personally criticise, yet suppose when the
President of the Senate hereafter, of whom 1
have been speaking, shall make the declaration
that a Vice President is elected who is not
really elected, and that Vice President shall
happen to be the Speaker of the House, he
then orders the Sergeant-at-Arms to stifle the
voice of the people's Representatives in order
to secure his own election!
Mr. COLFAX, (the Speaker.) Does the
gentleman desire a reply?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
Mr. COLFAX. He does not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am only
putting a question, not in any manner criticis-
ing, and the reason why I do not desire a reply
is that I do not want to be misunderstood by
admitting that my words need a personal reply.
I said at the beginning that the Speaker did
exactly what he believed to be his duty, and I
do not think that he was influenced one hair,
because he could not doubt that he was the
choice of the people, and that under no circum-
stances would the people permit that choice of
theirs to be overridden; and, therefore, he had
not a single personal thought in the matter,
And the reason why I do not allow him to
reply was that I would not, by allowing a reply,
be thought for a moment to be attacking his
position. Bat I put it to his own 'good sense—
and I would as lief argue to that than to any
other judge on earth—suppose we had had a
man who was doubtful whether he was elected
by the voice of the people—for it may be that
next time our then Speaker is the man who
is to be President—and he can by the gem
d'armerie of the House, by the constabulary
of the House, cheek the voice of the people
through their Representatives, and allow the
President of the Senate to declare a man elected
who was not elected!
I am speaking of a supposed case only, and
one which I wish, in every form that words can
state it, to divorce the Speaker from, because
he did, I have no doubt, what he thought was
right to be done. And I call his attention to
the fact that the moment he made that decis-
ion—which was a decision within his power to
make and within the proprieties of his position
to make—I call upon him to notice that from
that moment I took my seat and did not inter-
fere with the proceedings, because I yielded to
his authority as I always have done and always
have been happy to do. But I am only show-
ing the danger and showing the necessity that
there is that this House should assert its privi-
leges for the safety of the nation and for the
liberties of the people.
Now, then, let us come directly to what was
done. The House and Senate passed ajoint rule,
the twenty-second; and having passed that joint
rule, there was thought to be necessary on the
part of the Senate a resolution that the vote of
Georgia should not be counted because of its
want of capacity as a State, that being put in a
preamble. It was agreed to for that reason and
provided that the State of Georgia should not
be counted except in a given way. I say I
think it wholly unparliamentary and wholly
unconstitutional. I think that concurrent reso-
lution had not any more force and effect than
the blank paper it was written on. I cannot
but remember that it was put through the Senate
with very little debate, that it was put through
this House at night without a single word of
debate, under a suspension of the rules and
without anybody knowing what it was.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And a large portion of
the House absent.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Nearly
one half of the House were absent; one hun-
dred and seven members. Now, under these
circumstances, what happened ? We came into
this joint convention, and in the first place an
objection was made to counting the vote of
Georgia for reasons that were wholly outside
of that stated in the concurrent resolution.
The first and last grounds of the reasons which
I assigned for that objection are wholly outside
of that concurrent resolution. That objection
having been made, the President of the con-
vention ruled that it was well taken, and he
took the Senate with him over to their Cham-
ber to consider upon—what? What the joint
rule styles "an objection stated in the conven-
tion.' ' And they had no right under the rule to
consider any other question. After the Senate
had retired the Speaker took the chair, and
very properly put before the House the objec-
tion which had been made in joint convention.
Why did not the Speaker then say to us,
£i Gentlemen, you cannot vote upon^ thi3 ob-
jection. You have tied your hands in regard
to it: you cannot consider it for a moment.
You must count the electoral vote of Georgia,
although the chairman of her electoral college
had his hands dripping with the blood of our
soldiers. We are bound to receive the vote
of an unreconstructed State, with her electors
still unregenerated and unpurged of every
crime known to the Decalogue." That is, in
fact, what this concurrent resolution says. It
says that we have no power to prevent the vote
of Georgia being counted. Why? Because
it may make no difference in the result.
And that brings rae to another proposition tc
which I wish to call the attention of the House.
