1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1067
Hall, but I will not take up the time of the House
by describing it. Subsequently, in 1865, in
consequence of the troublous condition of the
country and the disorganized condition of
many of the States, and in order that there
might be no difficulty in reference to counting
the votes, it was decided to adopt this joint
rule, which declares that whenever the vote
of any State is objected to by any person the
two branches should retire each to its own
Chamber, there to decide upon the question.
That rule gave Congress the power which it
has this day exercised. I believe it to be con-
stitutional and wise. Subsequently to this,
within two or three days of the time we are
sitting here in this brilliantly lit Hall, Congress
thought the case of Georgia was an exception
to the cases covered by the twenty-second rule,
and it deliberately declared that Georgia was
on a different footing, and passed a concur-
rent resolution—for which I believe the gen-
tleman himself voted—by which the President
of the Senate is commanded to do certain
things, and the very words which are to be
used are placed in his mouth. And it declares
in thatconcurrentresolution which wasadopted
with the vote of the gentleman himself in favor
of it, if I am not mistaken 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I voted
only for the suspension of the rules.
Mr. WOODWARD. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts was not here when that vote was
taken, he ought to have been so as to have made
the argument he has made to-day. [Laughter.]
Mr. COLFAX. The two Houses adopted
that resolution declaring that when they came
together in this Hall in conformity to the laws
and to the joint rule of Congress, then if the
vote of the State of Georgia did not affect the
result, the President of the Senate should say
exactly what he did say. Now, it seem3 to me
there is nothing clearer than the language of
that rule, and I was surprised when I heard the
supplemental argument of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, in which he said that by the
action of this House sending over its message
to the Senate that it did not wish the vote of
Georgia to be counted, abrogated the joint rule.
I have never heard before that one House could
abrogate a joint rule made by both Houses.
Mr. WOODWARD. I beg leave, with the
permission of the gentleman, to correct a mis-
take into which I have fallen. The yeas and
nays do show that the vote of the gentleman
from Massachusetts was given on the question
referred to.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman says he did
vote. That is immaterial.
Mr. BROMWELL. I would like to ask a
question.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman will permit
me to finish what I have to say; I wish to add
only one further remark. It is impossible in a
joint convention that there should be an ap-
peal from the ruling of the Chair, because it
could not be entertained by the Presiding Offi-
cer. There never has been an appeal in any
joint convention of Congress. It might have
been provided for in the rules, but has been
omitted. Under the twenty-second joint rule,
when the vote of any State is objected to
the Senate must retire and each House must
vote upon the question. But the two Houses,
with the full knowledge of that rule, by a delib-
erate vote took the case of Georgia outside of
that joint rule and laid down a specific rule for
that case; and the vote of that State was ac-
cordingly withheld until the last, so that- the
concurrent resolution, which was a command
to the President of the Senate, should be car-
ried out. There can be no appeal on a point
of order in a joint convention of the two Houses
for the reason that the Senate, representing the
States, and the House of Representatives, repre-
senting the people of the United States, the con-
vention is made up of different persons, each
body representing the same number of people,
but by different numbers and iti different ways.
Mr! BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow a question?
Mr. COLFAX. Cert&iuly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In a case
of an election of a Senator of the -United
States, where it is provided that it shall be done
in joint convention of the house of assembly
and of the senate, where they go on and vote
day by day uutil a Senator is elected, is there
no appeal provided?
Mr. COLFAX. The case is not analogous ;
therefore I do not answer it. I only have to
say, in conclusion, that I regret to have occu-
pied the time of the House. It is probably the
last time I shall have occasion to do so until I
shall, on leaving the chair, make my brief vale-
dictory remarks. The electoral vote has been
counted in accordance with the requirement of
your own concurrent resolution. The Presi-
dent of the Senate uttered the very words you
by your votes commanded him to utter. The
vote of Georgia did not affect the result. The
President rose and declared exactly what both
branches of Congress ordered him to declare.
I appeal to you, Representatives, on no sudden
excitement as this, to put upon your Journal
a record that will not stand the test and scru-
tiny of the people, nor of your own private
judgment in the cooler period that will come
to you hereafter.
Mr. Suellababger resumed the floor.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman yield to
me to move that the House adjourn?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. 1 decline to yield.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 appeal to the gentleman
to yield for that motion.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will yield for
the purpose of ascertaining the pleasure of the
House in regard to the matter ot adjournment,
provided I do not lose my opportunity to have
the floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man does not lose his right to the floor.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question being put; there were—ayes
83, noes 62.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Several Members. Withdraw the motion.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not propose to with-
draw the motion to adjourn unless there is
some arrangement made by which we may
understand how long the debate is to last and
who is to have an opportunity of discussing
this question. It cannot be disposed of to-
night, and I do not withdraw the motion.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. It is this: the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] took the floor
upon a question of privilege, and the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] has no
right to the floor unless he takes it, as the
gentleman from Massachusetts did, on a ques-
tion of privilege.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order.
The question was taken on Mr. Allison's
motion ; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 104, nays 42, not voting 76; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baker. Barnes, Barnum, Beatty,
Bingham. Blair, Boles, Boutwell, Boyer, Bromwell,
Brooks, Broom a! 1. Buckland, Buckley, Roderick R.
Butler, Chanler, Churchill,bidnej Clarke, Cobb. Co-
burn, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Dockery. Dodge, Eck-
ley, Edwards, Eldridge, Thomas D. Eliot, Ferriss,
Garfield, Golladay, Gove, Haight, Haughey. Haw-
kins, lligby, Hill, Hopkins, liotclikiss, Jenckes,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kclley, Kerr, Keteham,
Koontz, Laflin, Lash, Gcorce V. Lawrence. William
Lawreneo, Loan, Mallory, Maynard, McCarthy, M(>r-
rell, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, Norris, O'Neill,
Orth, Pettis, Phelps, Pike, Pile, Poland, Polsley,
Pruyn, Randall, llnuin, Ross, Sehenck, Scofield,
Selyo, Shellabarger, Smith, Stewart, Stokes, Stone,
Stover, Tabcr, Taylor, Thomas, Tift, Trowbridge,
Twie.hell, Upson, Van Trump, Henry D. Washburn,
William B.Washburn. Welker, Whittemore. Thomas
Williams. StephenF. Wiison, Windom, Wood.Wood-
bridgc, Woodward, and Young—104. .
>*AYS—Messrs. Banks, Bearnan, Benton, Blame,
Burr, Cake, Clift, Covode, Deweese, Dickey, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferry, FieldsvFronch,
Getz, Gravely, Halsey, Hamilton. ,Heaton, dolman,
Humphrey, Hunter. Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones,
Julian, Miller, Mullins, Perham, Peters, Robertson,
Roots, Sawyer, Shanks, Starkweather, Steven."
Van Auk en, Burt Van Horn, and Robert T. Van
Horn—42. . -
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer,
Arnell, Axtell, Bailey, Baldwin, Beck, Benjamin,
Blackburn, Bowen, Boyden, Benjamin F. Butler,_
Callis, Gary, Reader V/. Clarke, Cook, Corley, Cornel],
Delano, Essies ton. James T. Elliott, Fox, Gloss-
brennor, Goss, Griswold, Grover, Harding, Hooper,
Asahel W.Hubbard,' Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D.
Hubbard,-ffulburd, Judd, Kellogg, Kelsejf,Kitchen,'
Knott, Lincoln, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Mar-'
shall, Marvin. McCormiek. MeCulloosfh, M«Ke<v
Mercur. Moore, Moorliead, Morrissey, Myers, New-
eomb. Newshsim, Nunn. Paine, Pierce, Plants, Pome-
roy, Prico, Prince, Robinson, Sitgreavos, Spalding-,
Sypher, Jo"hn Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van
Aernam, Van Wyck. Vidal, Ward. Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Elihu B. Washburnc, William Williams,
James F. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—76.
So the motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at five o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.') the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. DELANO: The memorial of Rev.
T. W. Howe, of Pataskala, Ohio, and 1,100
others, Christian citizens of Licking and Musk-
ingum counties, in the thirteenth congressional
district of Ohio, praying the Constitution of
the United States to be so amended as that it
shall recognize Almighty God as the source of
all authority and power in civil government,
the Lord Jesus Christ as the Ruler among the
nations, and His revealed will as the supreme
authority, in order to constitute a Christian and
republican Government.
By Mr. GETZ : A memorial of citizens of
Lebanon county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the repeal of the duties on imported barley.
By Mr. HARDING : A memorial of mer-
chants and citizens of Quincy, Illinois, against
an increase of tariff on sugars.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: A
petition, very numerously signed by citizens
of Beaver county, Pennsylvania, asking for a
change in the Constitution of the United States
so that God may be more fully recognized as
the Supreme Ruler and Governor of the uni-
By Mr. NICHOLSON: The petition of Mrs.
Mary J. Driver, widow, mother of Reynolds
Driver, deceased, late first assistant engineer
in the United States Navy, praying for a pen-
sion.
By Mr. RANDALL: A petition of sundry
drafted and enrolled men, formerly of the
Army of the United States, asking for addi-
tional bounty to be extended to them in the
manner as provided by the law of July 28,1868.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, February 11, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, communicating correspondence re-
lating to the application of the Chickasaw
nation of Indians to be reimbursed the amount
expended by them in defending their country
from hostile Indians; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of B.
H. Shackelford, praying the removal of the
political disabilities imposed on him by acts
of Congress; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHERMAN presented seven petitions
of citizens of Ohio, praying for such an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
as will fully acknowledge the obligations of
the Christian religion ; which were referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROY presented a resolution_ of
the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of granting
