1820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion "was agreed to.
NATIONAL CURRENCY FRAUDS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 722) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide a national currency
secured by a pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the circulation and redemp-
tion thereof," by extending certain penalties
to accessories; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill provides that every person who shall
aid or abet any officer or agent of any associa-
tion in doing any of the acts enumerated in
section fifty-five of an act entitled "An act to
provide a national currency secured by a pledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof," with in-
tent to defraud or deceive, shall be liable to
the same punishment, therein provided for the
principal.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I demand
the previous question upon the passage of this
bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bili was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles ; when the Speaker
signed the same :
An act (H. Ii. No. 1041) granting the right
of way to the Walla-Walla and Columbia River
Railroad Company, and for other purposes;
and
An act (H. R. No. 1063) for the relief of
Henry Barricklow.
WAGON-ROAD IN OREGON.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 167, granting lands to the
State of Oregon to aid in the construction of a
military wagon-road from the navigable waters
of Coos bay to Roseburg, in said State ; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that there shall be granted to the State of Ore-
gon, to aid in the construction of a military
wagon-road from the navigable waters of Coos
bay to Roseburg alternate sections of public
lands, designated by odd numbers, to the ex-
tent of three sections in width on each side of
said road; provided that the lands hereby
granted shall be exclusively applied to the con-
struction of said road and to no other purpose,
and shall be disposed of only as the work pro-
gresses ; and provided further that any and all
lands heretofore reserved to the United States,
or otherwise appropriated by act of Congress
or other competent authority, are reserved from
the operation of this act, except so far as it may
be necessary to locate the route of said road
through the same, in which case the right of
way to the width of one hundred feet is granted;
and provided further that the grant hereby
made shall not embrace any mineraliands of
the United States or any lands to which home-
stead or preemption rights have attached.
The second section provides that the lands
hereby granted to said State shall be disposed
of by the Legislature thereof for the purpose
aforesaid, and for no other; and the said road
shall be and remain a public highway for the
use of the Government of the United States,
tree from tolls or other charges upon the trans-
portation of any property, troops, or mails of
the United States.
Ihe third section provides that said road
shall be constructed with such width, grada-
tion, and bridges as to permit of its regular
use as a wagon-road, and in such other special
manner as the State of Oregon may prescribe.
The fourth section provides that the State
of Oregon is authorized to locate and use in
the construction of said road an additional
amount of public lands not previously reserved
to the United States nor otherwise disposed
of, and not exceeding six miles in distance
from it, equal to the amount reserved from the
operation of this act in the first section of the
same, to be selected in alternate odd sections,
as provided in section one of this act.
The fifth section provides that lands hereby
granted to said State shall be disposed of only
in the following manner, that is to say, when
the Governor of said State shall certify to the
Secretary of the Interior that ten continuous
miles of said ro^d are completed, then a quan-
tity of the land hereby granted, not to exceed
thirty sections, may be sold, and so on from
time to time until said road shall be com-
pleted ; and if said road is not completed within
five years no further sales shall be made, and
the lands remaining unsold shall revert to the
United States.
The sixth and last section provides that the
United States surveyor general for the district
of Oregon shall cause said lauds, so granted,
to be surveyed at the earliest practicable period
after said State shall have enacted the necessary
legislation to carry this act into effect.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to add the following
to the first section :
Provided, That the grant of lands hereby made
shall be upon the condition that the lands shall be
sold to actual settlers only in quantities not greater
than one quarter section and for a price not exceeding
$2 50 per acre.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Has this bill
been considered by the Committee on the
Public Lands?
Mr. JULIAN. It has not been before the
committee. This is an irregular way to' dis-
pose of the bill; but with that amendment I
shall not oppose its passage.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. What amount
of lands does the bill grant?
Mr. JULIAN. Alternate sections for three
miles on each side of the road.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I hope the
bill will be referred.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, I am sure
that if the House understood this bill there
would be no objection to it. Those who are
acquainted with the geography of the State of
Oregon know that along the line of the coast
there is a high range of mountains, known as
the Coast range. Between that range of mount-
ains and the Cascade mountains there is a
succession of valleys. In one of these, known
as the Umpqua valley, is situated the town of
Roseburg, a point of some considerable im-
portance on account of the country which sur-
rounds it. This is to enable the people there
to build a road over the summit of the coast
range of mountains so as to get to the coast by
that means. A large portion of the land pro-
posed to be granted is not worth anything.
Most of it-lies on this range of mountains and
could not be sold for one cent an acre. Some
of it may be valuable in the construction of
this road.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Does the bill
define the kind of road to be built? It ought
to be understood that it is not a railroad. Is
it to be a macadamized road?
Mr. MALLORY. It is merely a wagon-
road ; and the gentleman ought to know that
to build a wagon-road over the mountains re-
quires a great outlay of money. A macadam-
ized road would cost $1)000 a mile. This road
is to enable wagons to get from the Umpqua
valley over the mountains to the coast. The
only possible means they have for communi-
cation is on the backs of mules and horses.
The object of this bill is to enable men to build
a wagon-road so that they can transport their
produce and goods across the mountains with
less trouble and expense.
Mr. HIGBY. To what extent is the coun-
try settled ?
Mr. MALLORY. In the valley of the Ump-
qua there is a considerable settlement, and at
the Coos river, on the coast, there is another
settlement; but along the line extending about
sixty miles it is an unbroken wilderness. I
think this House cannot refuse to render this
assistance. To refer the bill to the Committee
on the Public Lands is to defeat it. It is simply
an indirect blow to destroy the bill. Justice
to the people of Oregon demands that this little
grant should be made.
Mr. BROMWELL. Has there been any sur-
vey made?
Mr. MALLORY. I presume not; and I
will state why: it would require a considerable
outlay of money such as is necessary to locate
a railroad. But the frontiersmen have gone on
and located the route, as such men do, and this
is found to be the only line practicable.
Mr. BROMWELL. To whom or for whose
benefit does this grant inure ; to what company?
Mr. MALLORY. The grant is made to the
State of Oregon, and it is to be controlled by
the Legislature. I have no objection to the
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Indiana.
Mr. J ULIAN. I will yield to the gentleman
from Minnesota to offer an amendment,and then
I will renew the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. DONNELLY. I find the fifth section
is rather obscurely worded; therefore, to re-
lieve the bill of all doubt as to the quantity of
land granted, I offer the following amendment,
to come in at the end of the section :
_ Provided, however, That the entire amount of pub-
lic land granted by this act shall not exceed three
sections per mile for each mile actually constructed.
Mr. JULIAN. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, when this
bill was read at the Clerk's desk I moved that
it be put on its passage. I would inquire how
the gentleman from Indiana takes possession
of the floor?
The SPEAKER. The Chair heard the gen-
tleman from Oregon say " Mr. Speaker," and
that was all.
Mr. MALLORY. Not being accustomed to
making speeches, I suppose I did not speak
loud enough to make myself heard.
The SPEAKER. Upon the gentleman's
statement, with'the consent of the gentlem'an
from Indiana, [Mr. Julian,] the Chair will
recognize the former as having moved the pre-
vious question.
Mr. JULIAN. I waive my right.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The first question was on the amendment of
Mr. Julian.
Mr. JULIAN. I will modify my amend-
ment by inserting after the words " quarter
section" the words " to each person."
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Donnelly.
Mr. MALLORY. If the floor had been
under my control I should not have allowed
that amendment.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman should
insist upon it the Chair would be compelled to
rule that the floor belonged by right to the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Julian.]
Mr. MALLORY. 1 hope the amendment
will not be adopted.
The question being put, there were—ayes
53, noes 50 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Don-
nelly and Mallory were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 75, noes 45.
So the amendment of Mr. Donnelly was
agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
read a third time; and it was accordingly read
the third time.
Mr. MALLORY. I demand the previous
question on the passage.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
