1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1069
Mr. HOWE, I dp not wish to object any
further than is sufficient to allow me to make
some reports. I never expect to pass a bill
from the Committee on Claims, but I want to
insist on the constitutional right of reporting
one once in a while. That committee has in-
structed me to report back the petition of
George H. Mott, private of company D, fourth
Michigan cavalry, praying that the reward for
capturing Jefferson Davis may be paid to his
captors, and ask to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, a law having already been
passed on that subject.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 265) for the relief of Edward E. Shead,
of Eastport, State of Maine, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1858) making appropria-
tions, in part, for the expenses of the Indian
department and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of citizens of New
York, praying an appropriation to the funds
of the National Homestead at Gettysburg for
the orphans of soldiers and sailors of the United
States, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of the Uni-
ted States, praying a reduction of taxation and
of the expenses of the Government, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Finance ; which was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 912) to refund to the States the inter-
est and discount on money borrowed to equip,
pay, supply, and transport troops for the ser-
vice of the United States in the recent war,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. NYE, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the
■bill (S. No. 849) to incorporate the National
Railway Loan and Trust Company, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
government loans.
Mr. SAULSBURY submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
instructed to inform the Senate the amount of money
loaned the Government of the United States during
the fiscal years of 1861,1862,1863,1864,186a, 1866.186T,
and 1868, respectively, and what amount of said lots ns
respectively were in coin and what amount in cur-
rency, a.nd what was the value in coin of the currency
so loaned at the date of the loans respectively; also
how payments of the said loa.ns were secured, and
which or what amounts of said loans respectively
have been paid, and whether paid in gold or cur-
rency, and which and what amounts of said loans
respectively remain unpaid.
Mr. EDMUNDS subsequently moved a re-
consideration of the vote agreeing to the reso-
lution, and the motion was entered.
CKNSORE OF li. F. BUTLER AND OTHERS.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring, That the noisy, disorderly, and tu-
multuous conduct of benjamin' P. butler, a Repre-
sentative of the State of Massachusetts, and other
members of the House of Representatives, in the
Representative Hall on thelOtli day of February in-
stant, during the time the President of the Senate
in the presence of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives was opening the certificates of the votes
of the electors for President and Vice President of
the United States of tho several States, and said
voteswere being counted, whereby said business was
disUirbed and obstructed, is disreputable to the said
benjamin f. btttlkk and the other Representatives
acting with him and a wrong and an insult to the
people of the United States.
Mr. FERRY. Let that go over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will lie over under the rale's.
george .and ee grasse fowi/er.
Mr. FERRY. I ask now that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
891. It will create no debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut asks unanimous consent
to consider the bill mentioned by him at this
time. Does any Senator object?
Mr. GRIMES. I do not object, but I should
like to know what is to become of that man who
is to be hanged in a day or two. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I tried to get the bill
up, but objection was made. 1 purpose to try
again.
Mr. FERRY. I presented my motion some
time before the Senator from Illinois did his,
and the bill would have been gotten through
long ago if gentlemen had listened to me.
The PPiESIDENT pro tempore. All these
motions require the unanimous consent of the
Senate. To some objections are made, but
to others not. It is now asked to take up
Senate bill No. 891, for the relief of George
Fowler and the estate of De Grasse FcSwler,
deceased, or their assigns.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It provides that George Fowler and
the administrators of the estate of De Grasse
Fowler, or their assigns, shall have leave to
make application to the Commission of Patents
for an extension of the letters-patent for im-
provement in machine for punching metal,
issued to George and De Grasse Fowler for
the term of fourteen years from the 17th day of
April, 1855, in the same manner as if the peti-
tion for the extension had been filed at least
ninety days prior to the expiration of the patent.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. FERRY. I will make a statement of
what the case is. De Grasse Fowler, deceased,
was the inventor of a machine, the patent for
which expires on the 17th of next April. He
died recently, and his administrator supposing
that but sixty days notice was required for an
application for a renewal at the Patent Office
came to Washington to make his application
and found that it required ninety days. He
asks us now to permit him to enter his petition
in the Patent Office as if he had entered it
before the term of ninety days had entered upon
its period of expiration. The committee have
found the facts to be as stated, and recom-
mend the passage of the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
judgments in capital cases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to consider the
bill in regard to the execution of judgments in
capital cases.
By unanimous consent, theSenato, asin Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (S. No. 753) to provide for the execution of
judgments in capital cases. It provides that
whenever a judgment of death has been or shall
hereafter be rendered in any court of the United
States, and the case has been or shall hereafter
be carried to the Supreme Court of the United
States by appeal or writ of error in pursuance
of law, itshall be the duty of the court rendering
such judgment, by order of court, to postpone
the execution thereof from time to time^ and
from term to term until the mandate of the
Supreme Court in such case shall have been
received and entered upon the records of the
lower court; and in case such judgment is af-
firmed by the Supreme Court itshall be the duty
of the court rendering the original judgment to
appoint a day for the execution thereof; and
in case of renewal by the Supreme Court such
further proceedings shall be had in the lower
court as the Supreme Court may direct. When-
ever, from any cause whatever, a judgment of
death has not been executed on the day ap-
pointed therefor by the court, it shall be the
duty of the court to appoint another day for the
execution of such judgment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senator from
Illinois when the law was passed allowing ap-
peals in criminal cases to the Supreme Court
of the United States?
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a division be-
tween the judges in a criminal case from the
State of Kentucky, where the party is indicted
and under sentence of death. The case is cer-
tified to the Supreme Court of the United
States on that division arising under the civil
rights bill, which provides expressly for such
cas6s.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not understand that
this provides that in all cases where a person
is convicted of a capital offense before a circuit
court he can have an appeal.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ Not at all. It has
nothing to do with giving appeals or refusing
them. It is simply to provide for cases where
men are under sentence of death and the cause
comes up under existing laws.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for the
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
medical history op the wak.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 217) for print-
ing the Medical and Surgical History of the
Rebellion, to report it back without amend-
ment aud recommend its passage. This pub-
lication was ordered to be printed some time
ago, but the number of copies was not fixed.
A large portion of it is in type, and it is desir-
able that the joint resolution should be acted
upon at present for the economy of the work.
I therefore ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It provides that
there shall be printed at the Government Print-
ing Office five thousand copies of the Medical
and Surgical History of the Rebellion, com-
piled by the Surgeon General, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War, and five thousand
copies of the Medical Statistics of the Provost
Marshal General's Bureau, compiled and to
be completed by Surgeon General J. M. Bax-
ter, as authorized by act of Congress, approved
July 28, 1866, which also provides that the edi-
tions of both publications thus ordered shall be
disposed of as Congress may hereafter direct.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. I should like to inquire
of the Senator by whom this is reported the
probable cost of this volume, and the series to
which we are committed if this is to be printed—
the printing and publishing and carrying it to
an end?
Mr. ANTHONY. In 1866 this work was
ordered to be printed. It was doBe by an
amendment to an appropriation bill which was
recommended by the Committee on Military
Affairs or the Committee on finance ; I do
not remember which. I recollect that both
the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessendex] and
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
had charge of it. I was called upon to make
some explanation in regard to it, and I find by
a reference to the Globe that I thought the
work would cost $50,000 a volume to print
five thousand copies. There was quite a
lengthy debate, and the Senate decided by a
large majority, as the House have done, to
order the publication of the work.
Mr. GRIMES. The price is what the Sen-
ator from New York asks for.
Mr. ANTHONY. I said I thought it would
cost §o0,000 a volume to print it.
Mr. GRIMES. How many volumes are
there V
Mr. ANTHONY. They propose to have
live. The Committee on Printing are not ac-
customed to recommend the publication of
such expensive works as this. I will state the
facts, and the Senate can judge for themselves.
During the war there was a greater advance
made in medical science than perhaps for any
twenty-five years in the previous history of the
world ; there were greater discoveries and in-
ventions for the alleviation of human suffering;
