1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS;
that the settlers in that region of country have
now to travel through this snow in many in-
stances one hundred miles farther than would
be necessary if this incongruity in the act of
last session were remedied.
The bill which has just been read by the
Clerk has been prepared by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, and sent to me
accompanied by a letter, which I ask may be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
#
Department of the Intebior,
GESBRiL Lakd Office, December 15,1868.
Sir : In reply to yours of this morning, I state that
the act of July 25,1868, creating the Alexandria dis-
trict in Minnesota, directs that the district shail
embrace all that part of the present northwestern
district lying north of township No. 124, &c.
As the southern line of the northwestern district is
the township line dividing No. 128 and No. 129, the
law would reauirethatns the limit,while the naming
of township No. 124 shows an evident intention to
make that the southern boundary.
Senator Ramsey oalled to-day, and the matter was
explained to him, and at his request we prepared a
joint resolution, of which the inclosed is a copy, and
which we have transmitted to him. I have no doubt
the passage of this resolution will fully relievo the
difficulty. I also inclose copy of the original aot.
I am, sir, very respectfully,
J. S. WILSON,
Commissioner.
Hon. Ignatius Donnelly, House of Representatives.
Mr. DONNELLY. I will add that I have
conferred with seven of the nine members of
the Committee on the Public Lands, and they
are all in favor of the bill, and ask that it may
be considered and passed at this time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DONNELLY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BRIDGE ACROSS DELAWARE RIVER.
Mr. O'NEILL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1559) giving the con-
sent of the United States to the erection of a
bridge across the Delaware river, between
Philadelphia and Camden ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
RELIEF FROM POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. SYPHER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1560) to relieve from
disabilities James T. Ward and John L. Lewis,
citizens of Louisiana ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
COMPOUNDING OK LIQUORS.
Mr. YAN WYCK, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. K. No. 1561) subjecting
compounders of liquors to the same provisions
as rectifiers; also prohibiting compounding
establishments within six hundred feet of a
distillery, the same as rectifying establish-
ments ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
IIEIRS OF MATTHEW SZEGADY.
Mr. PILE, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution ; .which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Accounts be in-
structed to examine the claim of the legal represent-
atives of Matthew Szegady, deceased, late a folder
under the Doorkeeper, and to allow thereon such sum,
not exceeding two months' pay, as may be just and
proper.
PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask unani-
mous consent to submit the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That in the judgment of this House, when-
ever the public lands of the United States be disen-
cumbered of Iudian title, said lands should be im-
mediately opened forsettlement under existing laws,
or under such rules and regulations as Congress may
prescribe, and that the sale of Indian lands to cor-
porations and speculators by treaty stipulations is
contrary to sound public policy and in derogation of
the rights of the masses of the people.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object.
PARAGUAY.
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution for action at
this time:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State of the United
States be requested to furnish to this House such in-
formation as he has in his possession relative to the
arrest of Americau citizens iu Paraguay, and espe-
cially touching the arrest of persons attached to the
American legation and the conduct of our minister
resident at Paraguay therewith.
Mr. RANDALL. I will not object if the
gentleman will insert "Mexico."
Mr. ROBINSON. I object until we pass
the most important resolution in reference to
American citizens imprisoned in Great Britain.
Mr. MUNGEN. Let it be referred, then,
to'the-Committee on Foreign Affairs.
There was no objection, and the resolution
was received and referred accordingly.
UNITED STATES AND VENEZUELA.
Mr. DRIGGS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1562) more effectually
to provide relief for claimants under the late
convention between the United States and the
republic of Venezuela; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
PAY OF FEMALE CLE11KS.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, by unanimous
consent, introduced the iollowing resolution:
liesolved, That all females in the employment of
the Government be allowed equal pay where they
perform like bervicc with males.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. The justice of
the resolution speaks for itself, and 1 demand
the previous question on its adoption.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. WASHBUJINE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays on ordering the main ques-
tion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. Is this a House resolu-
tion? If it is, it will effect nothing.
The SPEAKER. It is a House resolution ;
expresses the opinion of the House ; action to
be effective requires a joint resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I ask unani-
mous consent to modify it so as to make it a
joint resolution.
Mr. WASEIBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Then let it pass
as it is.
The question was taken j and there were—
ayes 131, nays 28, not voting 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Archer, Arnell, Axtell, Baker, Baldwin, Barnes,
Barnum, Beaman, Bcatty, Benjamin, Benton. Bing-
ham, Blaine, Boutwell, Bowen, Boyer, Brooks,
Brooma.ll, Burr, Roderick II. Butler, Callis, Cary,
Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Ohft, Oorley, Deweese,
Dickey, Donnelly, Driggs, Edwards, Eggleston, Ela,
Eldridge, Ferry, Kronen, Getz, Glossbreaner, Golia-
day, Goss, Gove, Gravely, Qrover, Haughey, Haw-
kins. Heaton, Higby, Ilolman. Ilotchkiss, Chester D.
Hubbard, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alexander
H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley,
Kellogg, Kerr, Kitchen, Knott. William Lawrence,
Loan, Loughridge, Mallory, Marshall, Maynard,
McCormick, McK.ee, Miller. Moore, Morrell, Mor-
rissey, Mullins, Mungen, Myers, Neweomb, News-
ham, Norris. O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Pettis, Phelps',
Pike, Pile, Plants, Poland, Polsley. Price, Prince,
Pruyn, Randall, Raum, Robertson, Robinson, Ross,
Schenck, Seofield, Shanks, Sitgreaves, Smith, Stark-
weather, Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Stover, Sypher,
Taber, Thomas, Tift, John Trimble, Lawrence S.
Trimble. Trowbridge, Twichell, Van Aernam, Van
Trump, Vidal, Whittemore, William Williams. John
T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wmdom, Wood,
Woodward, and Young—-131.
NAYS —Messrs. Bailey, Blair, Boyden, Cake,
Churchill. Cobb, Cook, Ferriss, Hopkins. Hunter,
Kelsey, Ketcham, Koontz, George V Lawrence,
McCarthy,Mercur, Moorhead, Perharn, Peters, Saw-
yer, Selve, Spalding, Tnffe, Taylor, Upson, Burt Van
Horn. Van Wvck, and Elihu B. Washburne—28.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, James
M. Ashley. Banks, Beck, Blackburn, Boles, Brom-
well, Buekland, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler,
Reader W. Clarke, Coburn, Cornell, Covode, Cul-
lom, Dawes, Delano, Dixon, Dockery, Dodge, Eek-
ley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Fields, Fox, Garfield, Gris-
wold, Haight, Halsey. Hamilton, Harding, Hill,
Hooper. Asahel W, Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard,
Hulburd. Johnson, Laflin, Lash, Lincoln. Logan,
Lynch, Marvin, MoCullou^h, Niblaek, Nicholson,
Nunn, Pierce, romeroy, Roots, Shellabarger, bfce-
vens, Van Auken, Roocrt T. Van Horn, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, Jam©6
F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—62.
So the main question was ordered to be now
put.
Mr. FERRISS moved that the resolution
be laid upon the table s and on that rfiotioa
demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was dedided
in the negative-—yeas 33, nays 127, not voting
61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bailey, Blair, Boyden, Cake,
Churchill, Cobb, Cook, Ferriss, Halsey, Hill, Hopkins,'
Hulburd,Hunter, Johnson, Judd, Koontz,George V.
Lawrence, Marvin, McCarthy, Mercur, Moore, Moor-
head, Peters, Pettis. Sawyer, Spalding, Taylor, Upson,
Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck. Elihu B. Washburne,
and William B. Washburn—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Anderson* Archer,
Arnell, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Baker, Baldwin,
Barnes, Barnum, Beaman, Bcatty, Beck, Benjamin,
Benton, Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell, Boyer, Brom-
well. Brooks, Broomail, Burr, Roderick R. Butler,
Callis, Cary, Sidney Clarke, Cliit, Oorley, CuHom,
Deweese, Dickey, Donnelly, Driggs, Uckley, Edwards,
Ela, Eldridge, Ferry, French, Getz, Glossbreaner,
Goliaday, Goss, Gove, Gravely, Griswold, Grover,
Haughey,Hawkins,lIeaton, Iligby, Holman, Hooper,
Ilotchkiss, Chester!). Hubbard, Humphiey, Ingersoll,
Alexander H. Jones, ThomasL. Jones, Julian. Kelley,
Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham, Kitchen, Knott, William
Lawrence, Loan, Loughridge, Mallory, Marshall,
Maynard, McCormick, McKce, Miller, Morrell, Mun-
gen, Nowcomb, Newsham, Niblack, Norris, O'Neill,
Orth. Paine, Phelps, Pike, Pile, Plants, Poland, PqIs-
Icy, Price,Prince, Pruyn,Randall, Raum, Robertson,
Robinson, Ross, Schenck, Seofield, Shanks. Sit-
greaves,Smith, Starkweather, Stewart, Stokes, Stone,
Stover, Taber, Tilt, John Trimble, LawrenceS. Trim-
ble, Trowbridge. Twichell, Van Aernam, Van Trump,
Vidal, Welker, Whittemore, William Williams, James
F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Wood,
Woodward, and Young—127.
NOT VOiTNG-Mcssrs. Delos R. Ashley, Banks,
Blackburn, Boles, Bowen, Buckland, Buckley, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke. Coburn,
Cornell, Covode, Dawes, Delano, Dixon, Dockery,
Dodge, Eggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Fields, Fox,
Garheld, Haight, Hamilton, Harding, Asabel W,
Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Jenekes, Kelsey,
Laflin, Lash, Lincoln. Logan. Lynch, McCuliougn,
Morrissey, Mullins, Myers, Nicholson, Nunn, Per-
harn, Pierce, Pomeroy, Roots, Selye, Shellabarger,
Stevens. Sypher, Taffe, Thomas, Van Auken, Robert
T. Van Iforn, Ward,CadwaladerC. Washburn, Henry
D. Washburn, Thomas Williams, John T. Wilson, and
Woodbridge—61.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. On that I
demand the yeas and nays. It raises salaries
and increases taxes.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 124, nays 27, not vofc-
iug 70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Arnell,
James M. Ashley, Axtell, Baker, Baldwin, BarneSi,
Barnum, Beaman, Beatty,Benjamin. Bingham, Boat-
well. Bromwell, Brooks, Broomall, Roderick R. But-
ler, Callis, Cary, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Cliff, Corley,
Dawes, Deweese, Dickey, Dixon. Driggs, Edwards,
Eggleston, Ela, Eldridge, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferry,
French, Getz, Glossbrenner, Goliaday, Goss, Gove,
Grover, Haughey, Heaton, Higby, Holman, Hotch-
kiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey,
Ingersoll, Jenckes, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian,
Kelley, Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham, Kitchen, William
Lawrence, Loan, Loughridge, Mallory, Marshall,
Maynard. McCormick, MoKee, Morrell, Morrissey,
Mullins, Mungen, Myers, Newcomb. Newsham, Nib-
lack, Norris, O'Neill. Orth, Phelps.Pike, Pile. Plants,
Poland, Polsley, Price, Prince, Pruyn, Randall,
Raum, Robinson, Ross, Schenck. Seofield, Shanks,
Scoith, Starkweather, Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Stover,
Sypher, Taber, Tift, John Trimble, Lawrence S.
Trimble. Trowbridge, Twichell, Van Aernam. Van
Trump, Vidal, WilliamB. Washburn, Welker, Whit*
temore, William Williams, James F. Wilson, John
T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, Woodbridge,
Woodward, and Young—124.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Boyden, Cake, Cobb, Cook,
Ferriss, Halsey. Hill. Hopkins, Hunter, Johnson,
Koontz, McCaithy. Mercur, Pcrham, Peters, Petty,
Sawyer, Selye, Sitgreaves. Taife, Taylor. Upson,
Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, and Elihu B.
Wii.-hburne—27.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Belos
R. Ashley,Bailey,Banks, Beck, Benton, Blackburn,
Blaine, Boles, Bowen, Boyer, Backland, Buckley,
Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Churchill, Reader W.
Clarke, Coburn, Cornell, Covode, Cullom, Delano,
Dockery, Dodge, Donnelly, Eckley, Fields, Fox, Gar-
field. Gravely, Griswold, Haight. Hamilton, Harding,
Hawkins, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard Ij*
Hubbard, Alexander H. Jones, Kelsey. Knott, Laf-
lin, Lash, George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan,
Lynch, Marvin, McCuliough, Miller, Moore, Motfr-
