1010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
operations were performed that had neverbeen
successfully performed before. If' there are
any professional gentlemen here' they will
understand the operation of the amputation of
the hip joint, which was done repeatedly and
successfully. A great advance was made in
what they-style " conservative surgery." For
instance, if a man had a bullet through his arm
which cat, out a piece of the bone the only
remedy formerly was to cut the arm off. Now
they take out the diseased part of the bone and
place a steel corset around the arm, and making
the outside cylinder perform the office of the
bone, a man can use the arm—can lift a pail of
water with it. These are but illustrations of
the advance that has been made in surgery
4uring the war, and they have excited the
admiration of professional and scientific men
all over the world. The surgical museum in
this city, the result of the development of medi-
cal science during the war, has been visited by
commissions sent over here from Europe for
that purpose.
Now, sir, the Senate know as much about
this matter as I do. This work has already
been prepaped by order of Congress; some
portion of it is in type, and we are desirous of
knowing how large an edition, if any at all,
Congress proposes to print, because we do not
■want to keep the type standing any longer than
is necessary.
Mr. "WILLIAMS. How much expense has
already been incurred?
Mr. ANTHONY. I cannot say. I suppose,
however, that the publication of one volume
does not necessarily commit, although it might
impliedly commit Congress to the publication
of the whole. I suppose we might stop if we
found it too expensive, and I suppose the pub-
lication of a single volume would be of very
great value to the medical world.
Mr. WILSON. Are there not two volumes
completed?
- Mr. ANTHONY. One volume of the his-
tory and one volume of statistics. It is a ques-
tion for us to say whether, having developed
so much surgical science, it is not the duty of
the country, for the sake of humanity, to make
it popular.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator indulge
me in another inquiry.
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING-. Will the Senator state
what, in his opinion, it will cost to complete
the preparation and publication of the series;
not the one volume, but the series contemplated.
Mr. ANTHONY. I .was familiar with it two
years ago, but I am not now. Anticipating
that this question might be asked I have looked
into the Globe, and 1 find that I then stated
the cost would be about fifty thousand dollars
a volume.
Mr. CONKLING. How many volumes?
Mr. ANTHONY. Five volumes in all.
Mr. CONKLING. That would be $250,000.
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe the Surgeon
General does not think it would cost as much.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to make
another inquiry. We have received, all of us,
under the name of circulars one to seven, from
the Surgeon General's office, certain publica-
tions. Does the Senator understand that those
are part of this publication, or this one as far
as it has gone ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not know; butlsup-
pose it is very likely that these are part of it.
Iam notable, however, to answer the question.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator know
m what number these so-called circulars have
been emitted ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not; but I know how
they were printed in the first place. There
was a fund called the hospital fund, I think,
or perhaps called by some other name. It
was derived from the sale of the waste of the
hospitals and the camps—those things that are
generally thrown away. All the offal of bone
and meat, &c., was sold, and a fund was thus
derived from which the hospitals were sup-
plied with certain delicacies that did not come
within the military regulations. At the close
of the war, the fund not being needed for that
purpose pr having accumulated so largely that
it was more.than sufficient for that purpose,
it was devoted to the preparation and publica-
tion of this work. Most of the preparation for
the. engraving and sketching has been done by
enlisted men, and done very cheaply.
Mr. CONKLING. It does not lie with me
by reason of any superior knowledge I have
on this subject to object to this resolution. I
think, however, it is incumbent on every mem-
ber of the body to see that the Senate does not
devote such a sum of money as is here involved
to such a purpose without understanding some
of the premises upon which it is to be done.
Originally a provision was incorporated in ail
appropriation bill, which is very brief, and to
which I beg the attention of Senators:
"For the purpose of preparing for publication,
under the direction of the Secretary of War, and of
printing at the Government Printing Office, fire thou-
sand copies of the first volume of the Medical and
Surgical History of the Rebellion, compiled by the
Surgeon General, and for the purpose of comparing
for publication, under the direction of the Secretary
ot War, and of printing at the Government Printing
Office, five thousand copies of the Medical Statistics
of the Provost Marshal General's .Bureau, $60,000:
Provided, That the editions of both publications thus
ordered shall be disposed of as Congress may here-
after direct: Andprovidedfurther, That the necessary
engraving and lithographing for these publications
may bo executed under the direction of the Secre-
tary of War without advertisement."
There are some branches of this subject
which have awakened attention heretofore, but
to which it may not be important to renew at-
tention now. Suffice it to say that this work
has been carried on with or beyond the $00,000
here devoted to it. Circulars have been printed,
I suppose at the Government Printing Office,
which circulars contain the information, as I
understand, so far amassed and prepared.
These circulars have been distributed among
the medical men of the country, in what num-
"ber I do not know ; but the purpose, of course,
of this distribution is that it shall go among
the medical men. It is not for popular use,
but for those skilled in the art and devoted to
the practice of surgery and medicine.
Now, after this appropriation, after the ex-
penditure of this amount, and after indirectly,
as I understand, the expenditure of a much
larger amount of money which did not come
from the slush-fund referred to by the Senator
from Rhode Island—although that, too, I be-
lieve; was absorbed to some extent—the ques-
tion is whether, for the purpose of reproducing
these circulars already emitted and continuing
the preparation and publication of this work,
in addition to the $60,000 already devoted to
it, and in addition to that unascertained sum
which indirectly has been devoted to it, Con-
gress wishes to commit itself to an expend-
iture of two or three hundred thousand dollars
more.
As I said, I did not rise to object to this prop-
osition, but simply to call attention to the facts;
and I will take my seat after merely suggesting
that the time is not fortunate, the circumstances
are not well adapted, it seems to me, to enter-
ing upon large expenditures of money for book-
making, unless those expenditures are likely to
be especially useful and beneficial to the coun-
try. Whether repeating the publication of these
circulars which, I am informed, contain the
information thus far amassed, will be such an
instance of expenditure as I describe, the Sen-
ate, much better than I, can judge; but so much
of the facts I have thought it my duty to bring
to the attention of the Senate.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, I trust that this
resolution will pass, because I believe that its
adoption by the Senate is demanded by the
best interests of the country. The information
amassed by the medical department of the Army
during the war is perhaps in its character more
valuable to the interests of humanity in the case
of a war, either in our own country or in other
countries, than any similar amount of inform-
ation which has been amassed during modern
times. The object, of course, of the public-
ation is the dissemination of this information
to the medical and surgical profession, through
whom it will become useful to the country at
large, and especially be preserved in case of
future wars. I-do not know of any instance in
which the amount of expenditure required can
be so usefully expended for every instance as
in the present case; and I hope that a publica-
tion of this kind not required or asked for for
useless put-poses, but for purposes of the very
highest utility and humanity, will be encouraged
by the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am perfectly willing
to have the resolution confined to printing the
first volume, if that is more agreeable to the
Senate. That is all that is ready to be printed
now—the first volume of the surgical history
and the first volume of the statistics. Those
are all that could be prepared.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to ask the
Senator what becomes of the provision of law
that the identical $60,000 appropriated for
that purpose was to pay for printing five thou-
sand copies of this first volume? We cannot
lose sight of that.
Mr. ANTHONY. The reason why this res-
olution is necessary is because the $60,000 was
appropriated in the appropriation bill to the
preparation and printing of it. The amend-
ment being drawn carelessly by some Senator
who was not accustomed to the technicalities
of printing, the Congressional Printer, or the
Superintendent of Public Printing, as he was
then styled, declined to print it out of the gen-
eral appropriation for printing. Seeing that
the law had made an appropriation for print-
ing this work, he declined to print it out of the
general appropriation for the Printing Office,
holding that the appropriation already made
was not only for the preparation, but for the
printing also. The appropriation has doubt-
less been expended in the preparation of the
work, and much more will be expended, but
it is not going to amount to anything like this
sum merely to print the work. The prepara-
tion costs more than the printing.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to ask
in what respect this work differs from the cir-
culars which have been published, numbering,
I believe, as far as seven, by the Surgeon
General?
Mr. ANTHONY. I am notable to answer.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is it not a reprint sub-
stantially of those circulars ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not know. I know
that those circulars have been received by the
medical profession and by scientific men with
the greatest approbation and delight, not only
all over this country, but all over the world :
and I should think, if the surgical and medical
history was made up of these circulars, it would
be one of the best surgical works that ever was
published.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should think before
we make an appropriation or incur expense
k about printing a large work we had better know
how far it is already printed. I have observed
the fact that there are circulars running, I
think, from one up to seven, on different sub-
jects. One of them was upon a peculiar and
extraordinary case of surgery in the Army;
one, I think, was on the cholera, and perhaps
other matters of professional interest that pre-
sented themselves during the progress of the
war. These have been distributed ; they have
been given to a great many of the physicians
over the country, and have become now apart
of the libraries of a great many of the physi-
cians. If this is to reprint that, or if it is a
proposition to go into the general business of
printing by the Government, I am not in favor
of it.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator is aware
that two years ago the Senate ordered this work
to be printed, and a large part of it has been
printed and is in type. These circulars may
be a part of it; if so, they were issued strictly
in conformity with the joint resolution of Con-
gress. This joint resolution fixes the number
that shall be printed. For all the preparation
of the work and for all the cost of printing the
usual number Congress is already committee.
Mr. WILSON. 1 would suggest to the chair-
