1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1071
man of the Committee on Printing that this
matter should be permitted to pass over to-day
until he ascertains the exact facts for the in-
formation of the Senate. It is a very important
measure. I believe it a great contribution to
science and to humanity, and one that will do
infinite credit to the country to have it printed.
But I think the Senate is entitled to know all
aboutit, and therefore Isuggestthatitpass over
to-day, and that the Senator make a special
examination of the case and give us the facts.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am able to give the
information, which I have just received from
the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry,]
who is better qualified than almost any unpro-
fessional man to know the value of this work,
because he served in the midst of much of the
suffering that this is intended to alleviate.
These circulars do, as far as they go, make
up the work, and they are stereotyped; there-
fore the additional cost will be simply printing
additional numbers.
Mr. FERRY. It is nothing but paper and
press-work in addition to the expenses already
incurred.
Mr. CRAGIN. As I understand, only a very
few copies of the circulars referred to have
been printed and distributed; not enough to
begin to supply the demand. As I understand,
they have not been distributed except through
members of Congress hardly at all; and I have
found it very difficult to obtain what have been
asked for .through me. I have got some six
or ten copies, and have been told that that
was fully my share. I hope, sir, this resolu-
tion will go over until to-morrow, expressing
as I do now my belief and judgment that this
is the most valuable work ever published by
Congress, and T trust that it will be continued.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there a
motion to postpone the resolution?
Mr. ANTHONY. I think we might as well
act on it now as at anytime ; but if the Senate
want to put it over I prefer to have it recom-
mitted, so that I can make the report to-mor-
row, for I am one of those modest men who
can never get the floor except to make a report.
Mr. POMEROY. If this were a question of
printing it would be open to the objections
that are made; but the Senate have already
ordered the work to be printed, and I under-
stand the only question here is how many
copies shall be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. No ; it requires further
copy to be prepared.
Mr. POMEROY. If so, I want it recom-
mitted. I understood it was to define the
number of volumes.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is all. Congress
has already ordered it to be printed.
Mr. CONKLING. And Congress appro-
priated the money.
Mr. ANTHONY. But if Congress ordered
it to be done and made no appropriation there
would be a deficiency which would be provided
for in the deficiency bill.
Mr. POMEROY. Is this a question whether
the work shall be printed or whether we shall
define the number of copies?
Mr. ANTHONY. To define the number;
the printing is already ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the Senator will re-
member that the resolution authorizes the work,
to be completed by Mr. Baxter, so that we are
to pay for work yet to be done. It may ex-
tend, like the Pacific railroad survey, to four-
teen volumes, or may consist of but one. That
is a point to which I wish to call attention.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator can propose
any limitation he chooses on the number.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather that the
chairman of the committee should do it.
. Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to get it off
my hands ; but if the Senate is not disposed to
act now, I prefer to have the resolution recom-
mitted to the committee, so that I can report
it back when I get the floor. I move that the
joint resolution be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had agreed to the resolution of the
Senate for the appointment of a committee of
one member on the part of the Senate and two
members on the part of the House to wait upon
Ulysses S. Grant and Schuyler Colfax, and to
notify them of their election as President and
Vice President of the United States for the
term commencing on the 4th day of March,
1809, and appointed Mr. James P. Wilson, of
Iowa, andMr. John Y. L. Pruyn, ofNewYork,
the committee on its part.
The message also announced that the House
insisted upon its disagreement to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill of the House
No. 1570, making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30,1870, insisted
upon by the Senate, agreed to the conference
asked by the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. E. B. Washburne of Illinois,
Mr. Benjamin F. Butler of Massachusetts,
and Mr. Nathaniel P. Basks of Massachu-
setts, managers at the same on its part.
papers withdrawn.
Ou motion of Mr. NYE, it was
Ordered, ThatR, "W. Meade, captain United States
Navy, have leave to withdraw his petition and
papers from the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Ordered, That Hiram V/. Johnson, of Johnson
county, Iowa, have leave to withdraw his petition
and papers fiom the files of the Senate.
bills introduced.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 221) giving construction
to the acts of Congress granting lands to the
State of Wisconsin to aid in the building of
railroads in that State ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
921) to amend an act making an additional
grant of lands to the State of Minnesota, in
alternate sections, to aid in the construction
of railroads in said State, approved July 13,
I860; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 922) to aid in the construction of the Ore-
gon Branch Pacific railroad ; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. THAYER submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
1788) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
vai-ious Indian tribes for the year ending June
30, 1870 ; which was referred to the Committee'
on Appropriations.
Mr. CORBETT submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill (S.
No. 247) to amend an act entitled "An act to
provide for the greater security of the lives of
passengers on board of vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam," and for other pur-
poses ; which was ordered to be priuted.
henry c. noyes.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration ofSenatebillNo. 264,
for the relief of Henry C. Noyes.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It proposes to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue a new bond
for $1,000, with coupons from and including
that of July 1, 1867, to Henry C. Noyes, of
Claremont, New Hampshire, in place of his
coupon bond for a like amount, numbered
85,337, act of March 3, 1865, July issue, 1865,
destroyed; but before issuing a new bond the
Secretary of the Treasury is to require a suffi-
cient bond of indemnity securing the Govern-
ment against the presentation of the bond
alleged to be lost. -
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to hear the
report read. That is to supply the destruction
of a coupon bond.
The Chief Clerk read the following report of
the Committee on Claims, submitted by Mr.
Pbelinghuysen on the 4th instant:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
Senate biil No. 264, entitled "A bill for the relief
of Henry C. Noyes," respectfully report:
That they are satisfied that Henry C. Noyes, of
Claremont, Sullivan eoanty. New Hamp?hire, w.ts
the ownerand possessor of a "five-twenty" bond for
$1,000, with coupons from and including that due
July 1,1867, attached, numbered 5-5,337: and that the
same was so far destroyed, in 1807, by being burled
within a tin box in the cellar of said Noyes's dwel-
ling-house, as to be valueless: that the committee
are satisfied of these facts, both by affidavits and by
the eertifjeato of the Treasurer of the United States
that he discovers from the fragments from the said
tin box the remains of a bond, commonly called a
"five-twenty," for the sum of $1,0IK), letter A, and
also the remains of coupons: and the committee
recommend the passage of the said bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I'trust the Senate will
pause, in view of the importance of the pre-
cedent involved in this bill, and require ab-
solute proof of identity and destruction, so
that a duplicate may issue in the very words,
numbers, and letters of the original bond. To
allow a new duplicate bond to issue upon the
statement made in that report would be the
most hazardous and dangerous example that
could possibly be set by Congress. It is not
my duty at all to look into these claims, but
I think this one will establish a very dangerous
precedent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know nothing about
this particular ease. I think it is true, as the
Senator from New Hampshire has said, that
some bills like this have passed.
Mr. CONKLING, For coupon bonds?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; and I was about
to give an instance. It was reported some years
ago that certain coupon bonds were lost in the
destruction of a steamer on the Pacific — I
think it was the Golden Gate—and an act of
Congress authorized the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue duplicates, it being supposed that
it was absolutely certain that those coupon
bands went down to the bottom of the faeific
with the vessel. Now it turns out, in the invest-
igations that the committee of which I am a
member have been making, that the coupons
on those identical bonds are coming in and are
being redeemed at this day. I only mention
this to illustrate the extreme danger and hazard
in the case of a coupon bond, of taking almost
any evidence of the destruction of the bond.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. In this case I
made the report. The circumstances of it are
such that there is no possibility, I think, but
that the bond is destroyed. The bond was
buried in the owner's cellar in a tin box, and
by reason of the damp it became destroyed.
The remains of it were brought to the Treas-
ury, and there they could identify the bond and
the coupons. The number of the bond is known
and the description of the bond, and the bill
provides that there shall be a bond of indem-
nity given, setting out the number. So, when
they have the remains of the bond and all the
circumstances are known, I do not think there
is a possibility ot' danger to arise from issuing
a new bond.
Mr. CONKLING. Are these particulars all
known from an inspection of the remains of
the bond?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The number is
not known from the inspection. The descrip-
tion of the bond is known—that it is a $1,000
bond, and that coupons were attached to it.
The date, the number of coupons cut off, and
the number of the bond are supplied by the
affidavit of a person who is certified to by the
most respectable people in the country as en-
tirely worthy of credit. It is a case in which
I do notthiuk there is any possibility of danger.
Mr. CORBETT. 1 ask the Senator if there
was any evidence before the committee whether
there had been any coupons presented belong-
