120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
company H, seventeenth regiment Missouri
Volunteers, for a pension.
Also, the petition of James H. Knotts, late
of company E, fifteenth regiment Virginia in-
fantry. for a pension.
Also, the petition of Jolin AV. Rebea, late
of company A, sixty-fourth regiment Ohio vol-
unteers, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Catharine Webb, mother
of Benton Webb, deceased, late of company
K, eighteenth regiment Iowa volunteers, for a
pension.
Also, the petition of Mary A. Holden, widow
of Breek M. Ilolden, deceased, late of com-
pany B, first battalion, eighteenth regiment
United States infantry, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Abigail Hanev, widow
of Joseph W. Haney, deceased, late of com-
pany H, twenty-sixth regiment Iowa volunteers,
for a pension.
Also, the petition of John Francis Kuhns,
late of company A, sixteenth regiment Kansas
volunteers, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Mary A. Mellinger,
widow of Christian B. B. Mellinger, deceased,
late captain of company I, eleventh regiment
Iowa volunteers, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Almina ITerrick, widow
of Jesse I). llerrick, deceased, late of com-
pany G, thirty-first regiment Iowa volunteers,
for a pension.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 17, 18(>8.
Prayer by Rev. E. IT. Gray, D. IX
The Journal of yesterday was read. ;
Mr. SHERMAN. [ notice that the Secre-
tary in making up the Journal has fallen into
the same error that occurs in the morning ,
papers in relation to the report made from the [
Committee on Finance yesterday 011 the joint 1
resolution (S If. No. CO) pledging the faith !
of the United States for the payment of the
public debt in coin or its equivalent. I re-
ported back the joint resolution referred to
with a recommendation that it lie on the table.
1 probably was not hoard by the Secretary. I
ask that that, amendment to the Journal be
made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made.
HOUSE BILL MiKIinniiD.
The hill (II. It. No. 1558) to amend an act
entitled ''An act to prescribe the mode of ob-
taining evidence m case of contested elec-
tions," approved February 10, 1S5X, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
LAND DISTRICT IX MtXNKSOTA.
The joint, resolution (H. R. No. ;;8S) ex-
planatory of an act to create an additional laud
office in the State of Minnesota, approved July
25. 18G8, was read twice by its title.
Mr. RAMSEY. As that resolution simply
removes an ambiguity in the description of the
district I hope the Senate will pass it at once.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint, resolution. It provides that
the limits of the land distiict, as designated in
the act. entitled "An act to create an addi-
tional laud district in the State of Minnesota,"
approved July 25, 18G8 ; to wit, all that part
of the northwestern land district which lies
north of township No. 121 north, and west of
range No. 3,3, went of the fifth principal merid-
ian. shall he construed to embrace all the land
north of township No. 124 and west of range
No. 85.
Mr. POMEROY. As I understand this res-
olution it corrects the boundary of the land
district. Fs that all?
Mr. RAMSEY. That is all.
_ Mr. POMEROY. Then I have no objec-
tion to it.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Seriate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and parsed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I present the petition of
AndrewTracy and thirty or forty other lawyers,
of the State of Vermont, with the indorsement
of the judge of that district, asking for a pro-
vision of law for an additional term of the
United States courts in that district. I ought
to say, perhaps, that Mr. Tracy, the first peti-
tioner, is deceased, having died since the^peti-
tion was sent here. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of cit-
izens of Indiana, praying that in any amend-
ment to the Constitution to extend or regulate
suffrage there be no distinction between men
and women; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of W. F. Nel-
son, hospital chaplain United States Army,
praying that he may be compensated for quar-
ters not furnished by the Government; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. SHERMAN presented apetition of sol-
diers in the war of 1812, praying to be allowed
pensions ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, praying that pensions be granted to the
surviving soldiers of the war of 1812; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. COLE presented the memorial ot'Thomas
E. Trueworthy, praying an appropriation of
Slot),000 to him for the purpose of removing
obstructions to the navigation of the Colorado
river ; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. VAN WINKLE presented the petition
of John Russell, a soldier of 1812, for arrears
of pension ; which was referred to tile Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of
J. V. Cushing, guardian of Joseph Moorehead,
praying that he may be admitted into the
Naval and Military Asylum for the Insane at
Washington, District of Columbia : which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer two petitions from
members of the bar in Mississippi, in which
they ask that the place of holding the United
States courts be changed by law so that the
courts may hereafter be held in the city of
Yieksburg, the commercial center of the State ;
and they present reasons at length for the pro-
posed change. I move the reference of these
two petitions to the Committeeon the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. C0NKL1NG presented a petition of
citizens of Floiida, praying the removal of
the political disabilities imposed 011 Dr. J. Ii.
Kclley by acts of Congress; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
tobacco stamps.
>Ir. SHERMAN. The Committee 011 Fi-
nance have directed me to report back the bill
(II. 11. No. 1555) to amend an act entitled
"A11 act imposing taxes on distilled spirits and
tobacco, and for other purposes,'' approved
July SO, 1868. I desire to say that to accom-
plish the purpose the bill must be passed at
once. It merely extends the time for affixing
stamps 011 tobacco from the 1st of January
next to the 15th of February. I osk for the
immediate consideration of the bill.
By unanimous consent the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to amend the seventy-eighth section of
an act imposing taxes 011 distilled spirits and
tobacco, and for other purposes, approved
July 20, 1808, by striking out the words "first
day of January," wherever they occur in that
section, and inserting in lieu thereof the words
'•fifteenth day of February."
Mr. COLE. I desire to inquire of the chair-
man of the committee if it is not desirable to
extend still fuither the time fixed by this bill.
I think that an extension until the 15th of
February will be hardly sufficient for the pur-
poses of the Pacific coast.
Mr. SHERMAN. A longer time was pro-
posed by persons interested, but oti the whole
it was thought best not to change the bill.
There will be time enough for further legisla-
tion, if any should be needed, before the 15th
of February. The bill must be passed to day
to be effective, and the probability is that there
will not be a quorum of the other House to
act on an amendment.
Mr. COLE. If it endangers the passage of
the bill I will withhold the amendment which
I was about to offer. I should like to have an
opportunity to offer the amendment; but, as
the chairman of the committee thinks it will
endanger the passage of the bill, I will not
urge it. /
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third read^ig, read the third time, and
passed.
res/oval of disabilities.
Mr. sVWYER. I move to take up forcon-
sideratioiVbe bill (H. Ii. No. 1556) to relieve
certain persons of all political disabilities im-
posed by the fourteenth article of the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to provide (two thirds of each House
concurring therein) that all political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth article of the amend-
ments of the Constitution of the United States
upon the following citizens of South Carolina:
Andrew Ramsey, of Edgefield county ; W. L.
Hewiotz, of Sumter county; William A. Mc-
Daniels, James Harrison, and John H. Good-
win, of Greenville county; William J. Mixson,
of Barnwell county; Johnson J. Knox, of Sum-
ter county; J. J. Klein, John AV. Burbridge,
and Charles B. Farmer, of Colleton county;
George Buist, of Charleston county, and De-
witt C. Senter, of Granger county, Tennessee,
on account of participation in the recent rebel-
lion, be removed.
Mr. SAWYER. I offer an amendment to
the bill, which I send to the desk.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to insert afterthe words " Chaileston county,"
in the twelfth line, the following names:
A. L. McCaslan and William Hill, of Abbevillo
county; John 1?. Porteous, of Beaufort county; 0.
AV. MeFadden, of Chester countv; 11. H. Edmunds,
of Fairfield county; Alexander McBec, II. M. Smith,
and William E. Earle, of Greenville county: W. H.
Langston, of Laurens county; John C. Sccrcsh, of
Lancaster county; Julius L. Sbanklin. of Oconeo
county: Thompson 11. Cooke, George Boiiv-er, and
William jST. Mount, of Orangeburg county: Spartan
D. Goodlett, R. E. Holeombe, John W. Sinorleton,
L. K. Robins, and James B. Hasood, of Pickens
county: John Heart andWilliam lJ.Talley, of Rich-
land county; P. Qutn Camp and A. E. Smith, of
Spartanburg county: R. L. Mcriot.of Sumter couuty;
and Charles AV. Geddes, of Charleston county. South
Carolina; Edward Oantwell, of Ilanovcr county, and
AV. J. Clarke, of Craven county, North Carolina.
| Mr. SAAVYER. I will say in regard to the
i names from South Carolina which are included
in the amendment that they are names which
have all been passed upon by the Committee
on the Judiciary of the Senate and reported
on favorably by that committee, and they are
offered here as an amendment for the purpose
of gaining time. It is necessary that the dis-
! abilities should be removed from these persons
' before the recess, in order to enable them to
qualify for offices to which they have been
elected before the 1st of January. There are
no names in the amendment, with the excep-
tion of the last two, which have not been passed
on by the Judiciary Committee of the Senate,
and those two I was requested to add by the
Senator from North Carolina.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from South Carolina if the new names
in the bill that comes from the other House are
known to him?
Mr. SAWYER. The names in the bill that
came from the House are known to the mem-
bers of the House of Representatives from
South Carolina, indorsed by them, and recom-
mended by the Legislature of the State.
Mr. STEWART. All recommended by the
Legislature ?
