1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1825
tion of judgments in capital oases ; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. McKEE (at ten o'clock and thirty min-
utes p. 111.) moved that the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has informa-
tion from the Senate that the legislative and ex-
ecutive appropriation bill is nearly completed,
with a very few amendments.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The House cannot pos-
sibly act upon it to-night. It may be well
enough to have it referred to the committee.
Mr. BUTLER,- of Massachusetts. I hope the
House will hold on till we can get the bill over
here and have it referred to the committee.
Mr. McKEE. I withdraw the motion.
The bill was read. It enacts that wherever
a judgment of death has been or shall here-
after be rendered in any coi}rt of the United
States, and the case has been or shall hereafter
be carried to the Supreme Court of the United
States by appeal or writ of error in pursuance
of law, it shall be the duty of the court render-
ing such judgment by order of court to post-
pone the execution thereof from time to time
and from term to term until the mandate of
the Supreme Court iu such case shall have been
received and entered upon the records of the
lower court, and in case such judgment is
affirmed by the Supreme Court it shall be the
duty of the court rendering the original judg-
ment to appoint a day for the execution thereof;
and in case of a reversal by the Supreme Court
such further proceeding shall be had in the
lower court as the Supreme Court may direct.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to refer that bill
to the Committee on Revision of Laws of the
United States with leave to report at any time.
Mr. WOODWARD. I think that bill ought
to be referred to some committee.
Mr. MAYNARD. It seems to me that we
might as well act upon it now as at any other
time. There is not a lawyer in the House
who does not understand it, I imagine.
Mr. MILLER. It is perfectly plain upon
its face.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the bill will be put
upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer with
leave to the committee to report at any time
requires a two-thirds vote. It requires a sus-
pension of the rules.
The question was put on Mr. Scofield's
motion; and (two-thirds not voting in favor
thereof) the motion was rejected.
Mr. MAYNARD. It seems to me there
ourght to be no trouble about this bill. I un-
derstand that a case has arisen, perhaps more
than one, which has given the Attorney Gen-
eral's office a great deal of trouble arising out
of the present state of the law. This bill pro-
poses that when a writ of error is prosecuted
in the Supreme Court in a capital case the
party shall not be executed pending the exam-
ination of his writ of error. It seems to me j
that we mierht pass the bill.
Mr. WOODWARD. It struck me, in hear-
ing the bill read, that it is objecticiable in this
respect: the execution of a capital judgment
is an executive duty, under the control of the
executive department, and with which the
judiciary has nothing to do and ought to have
nothing to do. My objection to this bill, if I
heard it correctly, is that it vests in the judi-
ciary the execution of an executive trust.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will again re-
port the bill, as that may possibly settle the
doubt upon the subject.
The bill was again read.
Mr. WOODWARD. When a court renders
a judgment of death the executive authorities
carry that judgment into execution. The judg-
ment is executed under the authority of the
executive department and not the judicial de-
partment.
Mr. HOLMAN, I would ask the gentleman
it the court does not fix the day of execution?
_ Mr. WOODWARD. I do not know how it
is m the Federal courts ; in the State of Penn-
sylvania the court never fixes the time, but the
(-xovernorof the Commonwealth fixes the time.
Ihe court pronounces judgment of death, and
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 115,
then the duty S executing that judgment at-
taches to the executive department of the
Government. That is the legitimate and con-
stitutional mode in all constitutional Govern-
ments. The only objection to this bill is that
it makes the postponement of the execution a
judicial duty instead of an executive duty. If
the bill provided that the President should post-
pone the execution I should have no objection
to it, but it provides that the court shall do it.
_ Mr. JENCKES. It seems to me that the
bill ought to pass. The law of the courts of
the United States is different from the law of
Pennsylvania. I remember a case where a
court in Georgia sentenced a man to death,
and although a writ of error was sustained in
the Supreme Court of the United States it did
not save the man's life. It is to prevent the
recurrence of any such case as that that this
bill is proposed. It may not do it in the best
manner, but it is a thing that ought to be done.
If a writ of error is granted by the court which
tries a case in which a citizen is sentenced to
death it ought to be obligatory upon the judge
to postpone the execution of the sentence until
after the writ of error shall have been heard
and determined by the tribunal of last resort.
Mr. WOODWARD. Then provide that the
President shall postpone the execution of the
sentence.
Mr. JENCKES. The President has noth-
ing to do with it under the laws of the United
States. It is the judge who pronounces the
sentence and fixes the day for the execution.
It is for him to postpone it in case of a writ
of error, and this bill requires him to do it.
I hope the bill will pass, and I move the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
gkoltgk fowler et al.
The next business on the Speaker's tablewas-
Senate bill No. 891, for the relief of George
Fowler and the estate of De Grasse Fowler,
deceased, or their assigns; which was taken
up, and read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that
George Fowler and the administrators of the
estate of De Grasse Fowler, or their assigns,
have leave to make application to the Com-
missioner of Patents for an extension of the
letters-patent for improvement in machine for
punching metal, issued to the said George Fow-
ler and De Grasse Fowler for the term of four-
teen years from the 17th day of April, 185-3,
in the same manner as if the petition for said
extension had been filed at least ninety days
prior to the expiration of said patent, and that
the Commissioner he authorized to consider
and determine said application in the same
manner as if it had been filed ninety days before
the expiration of the said patent.
Mr. JENCKES. I am instructed by the
Committee on Patents, who have had this case
under consideration, to ask that this bill be
now put upon its passage. I will yield to the
gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Stark-
weather,] to explain the circumstances of this
Ca|lr. STARKWEATHER. The facts in the
case are these: the time required by the law
at present for applications for renewals of
patents is at least ninety days before the ex-
piration of the original patent. Under the old
law the time was sixty days. These parties
are living in the country ; one is a widow who
cannot be expected to be very well acquainted
with the law. They did make application wjt^in
the time allowed by the law, and lacked but
one day even under the present law. The
Committees on Patents of the Senate and of
the House have examined this bill, and are of
the opinion that there can be no objection to
it. The parties are poor, and this is merely
to reimburse them for their expenses in per-
fecting this patent.
Mr. WARD. 1 would inquire how many
accidents of this kind are there? Thisisthe
third or fourth one for to-night. There seems
to be a great many accidents in these patent
cases.
Mr. JENCKES. I will answer the gentleman.
Out of each thousand cases which come before
the Patent Office probably there are ten ia
which there are these accidents. In some
eases relief should be granted and in some it
should not be. The Committee on Patents think
this is a case where relief should be granted.
This is a pure accident, one whifih I think
the Commissions of Patents might himself
have relieved if he had chosen to exercise the
power given to him by the law as it now stands.
But he did not act, and a sufficient time has
run against these parties to take from the Com-
missioner the powerto waive the delay. There
is no way to remedy this difficulty except by
the passage of some such bill as this. The
Committee on Patents think this bill can, be
passed without injury to any one. I call the
previous question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was read the third time.
The question was on the passage of the bill;
and on a division there were—ayes 81, noes 31.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
elections in washington and idaho.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 810, to regulate elections in
Washington and Idaho Territories; which was
taken up, and read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill "to be
read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that elec-
tions in the Territories of Washington and Idaho
for Delegates to the House of Representatives
of the Foity-Secona Congress shall be held on
the first Monday of June, A. D. 1870, and
afterward biennially on the first Monday of
June; and such officers in said Territories as
are now elected at the same time with their
Delegates shall be elected for offices thereafter
to be filled at the times herein specified uuless
otherwise provided by the laws of said Terri-
tories.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. HIGBY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
equal rights in the distuiot.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 228) for the further security
of equal rights in the District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill provides that the word "white,"
wherever it occurs in the laws relating to the
District of Columbia or in the charter or ordi-
nances of the cities of Washington or George-
town and operates as a limitation on the right
of any elector of said District or of either of
said cities to hold any office or to be selected
and to serve as a juror, be repealed; and it is
declared unlawfal for any person or officer to
enforce or attempt to enforce such limitation
after the passage of this act.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to have this
bill put upon its passage, and I demand the
previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the bill belaid
on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
