1074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
lent. to the coin, making just such allowance,
and only such allowance, for the difference in
value between coin and currency as the parties
themselves might fix. The safeguard of the
usury laws would be no better than a bending
roed to prop the purpose of such an enactment.
Would not the provision thus be worse than a
dead letter, worse .than an unobserved law,
because an evaded and safely violated law ?
The proviso next seeks to remove beyond the
operation of the section all contracts for the
renewal or extension of an existing indebted-
ness. "Will the object here sought be attained?
The lender in the case of existing indebted-
ness, like the lender in the case already put,
would make himself secure under the law, by
simply advancing to his debtor the amount due
upon a new agreement to loan, consummated
by the standard of coin at a price agreed upon.
In both instances the whole result must be
confided to the agreement insisted upon on the
one side and acquiesced in on the other.
The attempted protection extended to renew-
als and. extensions has a qualification which,
it seems to me, cannot have been considered
in all its bearings and results.
The bill declares that the section authorizing
contracts dischargeable only in coin shall not
apply to agreements for the renewal or exten-
sion of an indebtedness under a contract already
entered into, unless such contract originally
required payment in coin. Transposing this
provision it is this: all contracts originally pay-
able in coin may be extended or renewed with
a condition requiring payment in gold.
I do not stop to consider the scope of such
an enactment in its possible application to
engagements entered into since the suspension
of specie payments.
The honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] in commending the measure to the
Senate, reminded us of the doubts enveloping
questions hinging upon the fate of the legal-
tender acts. 1 passover the suggestions which
might be deduced from the hints he gave us,
and ask the Senate to observe that the proposed
qualification would give a preferential advan-
tage to every indebtedness existing antecedent
to February, 18C2. Every bond and mortgage
given aslong ago as seven years, all State stocks,
till railroad securities, and all indebtedness of
every description antedating the rebellion,
would at once be payable in specie, unless
discharged without renewal or extension.
What would be the effect of this upon debtors
everywhere? What would be the effect in States
and regions in which stay laws have been passed
as barriers against sheriffs' sales of household
goods? Those who during past inflations have
not been able to pay their debts are not likely to
be able presently to pay them now, and arc
still less likely to be able to pay them should
we create at once an all-pervading necessity
for simultaneous payment of all the matured
individual indebtedness of the country which
arose before specic payments were suspended.
Is it not manifest that if coin contracts may
not safely be permitted in all cases at the option
of the parties they cannot safely be permitted
under restrictions no more effectual and dis-
criminating than those ?
The second section is little more than a re-
peal of so much of section five of the act of
February 25, 1862, as devotes an amount of
custom duties equal to one per cent, of the en-
tire debt of the United States, and the interest
of that amount, to the gradual extinction of
the public debt.
On the 1st of January, I860, the interest
bearing debt was:
Funded debt $2,107,835,350
Itireo percent. certificates  55,865,000
62,103,700,350
I do not include compound-interest notes,
because their interest has ceased or should
cease. The annual interest is, say $126,000,000.
Section two of the bill proposes to set apart
$140,000,000 for the payment of interest and
for the reduction of the debt, which sum is to
be in lieu of the sinking fund already referred
to. The interest being $126,000,000, there
would remain of the $140,000,000 but $14,-
000,000 to take the place of the sinking fund.
As the total debt, whether bearing interest or
not, is about two thousand five hundred million
dollars, one per cent., as now provided for a
sinking fund, amounts to $25,000,000 and the
interest upon it annually. Thus, in effect,
$14,000,000 is to take the place of $25,000,000
and the interest upon that sum. Should the
provision become law and be treated with as
little regard as has been paid to the provision
it will supersede, no harm at least will come
of the change; that good will come is not, per-
haps, equally apparent.
Section three finds a sure and swift mode of
reducing to par in currency the ten-forty bonds,
and consequently of depreciatingall other Gov-
ernment bonds in the same proportion. Any
one may buy ten-forty bonds at par in lawful
money. This is the substance of the section.
Why should this be? These bonds are now
108J with current coupons on. Five months
accrued interest is, say, two per cent, in coin,
or three per cent, in currency, leaving the net
value of the bonds lOof. Why sell them for
par? Why issue more bonds at par and reduce
all existing similar bonds to the same point?
The effect would be to depress them below par.
The amendment of the honorable Senator
from New Jersey [Mr. Cattell] allowing the
bonds to be exchanged again for currency at
the option of the holder might prevent their
sinking below par but could not raise them
higher.
Having referred to this amendment, I may
say it was thoroughly considered in the Senate
on a former occasion, and rejected by a decided
vote. It proposes to make the Government
the custodian of such money as individuals
may choose to deposit at the Treasury, and to
charge the Government with five per cent, in
coin for the privilege of keeping it, without
even the privilege of using it. Currency is to
be loaned to the Government on call at five
per cent, in coin. One effect, it seems to me,
would be to tarn the existing currency into
bonds, which would themselves become cur-
rency, and pass from hand to hand—preferred
to bank notes or legal-tender notes—because
bearing interest and convertible back again at
any moment into notes. This would result in
the payment of interest upon the whole or a
large part of the legal-tender currency.
The Senator from Oregon proposes to re-
strict the par sales of ten-forty bonds to
$2,000,000 a month. In one sense this might
diminish the evil, but in another I fear it
would aggravate it. Once a momh there would
be a moderate spasm of contraction. Once a
month there would be an immoderate scram-
ble for the forthcoming bonds, and thus, if the
same depression bf the market value of securi-
ties did not occur, fluctuations, alleged favor-
itism, and recurring contractions must ensue.
Section four empowers the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue demand notes payable in
gold, and with them in his discretion to pur-
chase Government six per cents. ; and at the
option of the creditor they arc also payable for
coin liabilities of the United States. The issue
is limited to the amount of coin and bullion in
the Treasury, and they may be reissued as the
exigencies of the public service may require.
Before consenting that such power should pass
into the hands of a minister of finance, if I
could not take a bond of fate I should at
least require to know who the minister was to
be. He should be fit not only to administer
his Department, but to be the autocrat of the
market. Men would laugh or they would cry
at the wave of his wand.
Before coming, however, to t.tie great discre-
tion proposed, other topics present themselves.
It is proposed that at the same time and at
the same place two kinds of currency differing
widely ill their value shall circulate in harmony.
Do the annals of commercial communities fur-
nish an example of this ? Is it no tan axiom that
distinct kinds of money differing greatly in
their standard of value and in their purchas-
ing power cannot interchangeably or simultane-
ously circulate together in the same channels?
Why does not gold circulate among us now ?
Because it is demonetized—it is a commodity,
like diamonds or pearls. It has, however, the
image and superscription of money still, and
it circulates as money all about us% But where
ever our paper money goes gold vanishes. Gold
and silver are driven out simply because there
is a cheaper circulating medium. The cheaper
money of the two must monopolize the field it
occupies until one of two things occurs. When
the currency that was cheaper than coin, either
by becoming scarce or by becoming the symbol
of metallic currency, coincides in value with
coin, all distinction disappears, and each is con-
vertible into the other. So, on the other hand,
when the cheaper currency becomes so redund-
ant or suspected, and hence so worthless as to
be discarded or repudiated, it is driven out alto-
gether and the genuine circulation reappears.
Upon what theory would gold notes fare bet-
ter or worse than gold itself? .They would be
based upoa coin and bullion actually in the
vaults of the Treasury. Each note, therefore,
would be the symbol and representative of an
amount of gold equal in value to its denomina-
tion. It would be more portable and con-
venient to handle, but it could have no other
quality to distinguish it from a metallic token.
The gold certificates now authorized illustrate
this, California and the communities on the
west coast, referred to by the Senator from Ohio,
furnish no illustration of the feasibility or pos-
sibility of keeping afloat at the same time and
place currencies of different standards. In these
localities, as in Canada and in other places, far
and near, gold and silver is the currency in use.
As an attempt to infuse a new element into
&e actual circulation I cannot see how such an
experiment could succeed, but as a means of
producing other results its efficacy is obvious.
For commercial purposes other than circula-
tion the volume of gold in the Treasury would
be doubled. The gold in the Treasury would
remain as it does now, but its representative
would walk abroad at the same time. This
would reduce the price, and a reduction of price
would, as it always does, increase the export.
Coin notes could not be sent abroad, but gold
could be sent and would be sent more and more
as its value here was diminished. The issue by
banks of coin notes, proposed in the last sec-
tion of the bill, would augment the evil, and
thus the country would be drained of coin, and to
what end? What istobe done with the proposed
coin notes? The Secretary may in his discretion
purchase "any part of the securities of the
United States bearing six per cent, interest."
This is one thing to be done with them". Is it a
good thing? Is it a safe thing? At what rate
or upon what adjustment of equivalents is he
to purchase ? The bill does not inform us. Is
he to pay dollar for dollar? Is he to say to A,
"I will buy your bonds for their face and pay
you in coin notes?" If he is to say this to A
what is he to say to B? What may he not say
to C? Ts there not under existing law room
enough for unwholesome favoritism, and room
enough for unfortunate suspicions? Another
thing the Secretary may do with coin notes is
to pay them out for coin liabilities of the United
States. Why? Why make notes for this pur-
pose when we have and must have the equiva-
lent gold all the time lying in our vaults?
But look at the discretion reposed in the
Secretary, the discretion the enormity of which
led the Senator from Oregon to give notice
of an amendment taking some part of it away.
The purchase ofbondsis to be at the discretion
of the Secretary of the Treasury. Is there no
limit to this discretion, no limit to the amount
of bonds he may purchase? Yes, there is a
limit. What is it? Why, he must not for this
purpose use coin notes amounting to more than
all the ten-forty bonds he can put off at par 1
I here is the limit, and it embraces, until the
wholeamountol'goldin the Treasury is reached,
the entire logal-tendervolume of currency, with
the remnant of outstanding compound-interest
