1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1827
of the House and thoroughly investigated. It
has never been regularly before any committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. We have not yet heard litiw
many volumes there are to be.
Mr. LAFL1N. I have endeavored to answer
that question, 1 do not know how many vol-
umes there are to be. It is to be an extended
work, and I wish to say that the members of
the Fortieth Congress cannot get this work, as
it cannot be printed in time. 1 hope that every
single member of this House who desires econ-
omy and care in the public expenses will think
twice before he votes to pass this bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question. I find this joint resolution
provides for publishing "five thousand copies
of the first part of the Medical and Surgical
History of the Rebellion, compiled by the Sur-
geon General under the direction of the Sec-
retary of War ; and also five thousand copies
of the Medical Statistics of the Provost Mar-
shal's Bureau, compiled and to be completed
by Surgeon J. H. Baxter, as authorized by
act of Congress." Does the Surgeon General
know anything about it ?
Mr. LAFLIN. I do not know ; but he has
the care of the compilation of the first part as
provided in the resolution and Dr. Baxter has
the care of the latter part.
Mr. MAYNARD. I may be wrong about
the matter, but my information is that the whole
will not cost exceeding $20,000, all told.
Mr. GARFIELD. I yield two or three min-
utes to tho gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I do not know
how much this work is going to cost, as I am
notapractical printer ; nordo I think thechair-
man of the Committee on Printing knows very
much about it, judging at least from his state-
ment to the House. Now. if the gentleman
will examine this work he will not antagonize
it, in my judgment, as he does. I believe it is
one of the most valuable works that can be
published. It is a history of the surgery of the
late war. We have a sort of history of it exhib-
ited in the medical museum. I have examined
the advance sheets of this work to some extent.
It is a history furnished by every soldier in the
Army, giving the character of wounds and dis-
eases incident to soldiers and their treatment.
It has been pronounced by the most eminent
surgeons and medical men of Europe and else-
where wherever it has been examined the finest
surgical work the world has ever seen. If the
chairman of the Committee on Printing will
examine it for himself and the notices that have
been given of it he will find wjiat a valuable
work it is. It is looked for by all the surgical
and medical colleges of Europe with a great
deal of interest, if we should ever have another
war it will be worth many times more to the
sick and wounded in the field than all the money
that can possibly be spent in its publication. I
have not examined it recently, but I do know
something about it. It will not make more
than three or four volumes, and if we print five
thousand copies its cost will not possibly
amount to the sum that the gentleman says it
will. But, sir, to me it makes no difference
what it is going to cost. Knowing the value of
it I shall vote to print it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to occupy the
floor fora few moments, and then I will yield
tothegentlemanfrom Massachusetts, [Mr. Bct-
leb.] I hope no mere consideration of the
question as to what committee this bill ought
to go to in this House will divert the minds of
members from the merits of the bill itself. I
am quite as willing that my friend the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing [Mr Laf-
un] should have charge of it as any other
gentleman, only I want the House to act upon
the bill, and I took charge of it only because
't is so directly related to the war and the
Army as to come properly into the hands of
the Committee on Military Affairs.
•A-S to the cost of the printing I have hero
a communication from the Public Printer, as
reported in the debate in the Senate, in which
he says:
" The medical and surgical history of the war will
be composed of three parts. The first part contains
two volumes of nine hundred pages each and is now
ready for the printer. The engravings for it have
been ob'ained underan appropriation made byCou-
gress and are now in the Surgeon General's Ofliee
ready to be placed in the books when tho text is
printed, it is the first part alone libit is the first
of the three parts)_which tiie Surgeon General w.sues
to have printed. The cost ot the printing will be its
follows: Printing five thousand copies, two volumes,
: nine hundred Pages each, $24,62.5; binding the same
in cloth Covers, $2,800 more. Total, $-7,4:15."
1 We have there a definite statement of the
j actual cost as estimated by the Public Printer
| of the publication of two volumes, being the
| first third of the whole set of the Medical His-
tory of the War.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I desire to say that
in the annals of medical history there is not
anything more creditable to a nation than the
record of our medical operations during the
war. Everywhere where a knowledge of the
work of our surgeons has gone it has received
the most flattering commendations of profes-
sional and scientific men. In the course of an
inquiry before the Committee on Military Af-
fairs it was ascertained that during the whole
war, notwithstanding the great number of sick
and wounded and the enormous preparations
for their care, our comparatively new ambu-
lance system and our vast outlay fof medical
supplies, the average cost of medical attend-
ance upon our soldiers was but ten dollars a
year ; and that. I venture to say, is less than
the cost of medical attendance for any other
army in modern times.
This has resulted from the fact that we have
a mostadmirable medical organization. And,
sir, from the beginning of the war to its close
the scientific gentlemen who had charge of tne
medical department of our Army have preserved
all the most remarkable medical and surgical re
suits of the war. We have to-day in this city,
filling the old Ford's theatre, probably the most
perfect and valuable medical museum in the
world. Professional men and representatives
of learned societies at home and abroad concur
in pronouncing it the most valuable medical
museum ever yet collected. But the materials
now ready for publication are even more valu-
able than the museum.
I hold in my hand a report of a recent meet-
ing of a leading medical association in Paris
in which the medical results of the two great
wars in modern times are discussed, the Cri-
mean war, as seen in both the French and
English Army, and similar results of our war.
The rate of mortality resulting from capital
operations is exhibited in the following table:
" The ratio in the three armies are:
English American French
Army. Union Army. Anay.
Mortal. Mortal. Jlor'al.
Disarticulations at the
shoulder  33.3 39.2 61.7
Amputationsoftheftrm, 24.5 21.2 55.5
Am putatious of the fore-
arm   5.0 16.5 4o.2
Disarticulations at the
hip 100.0 So.7 liftO
Amputatiousol the ih.gh 64.0 64.4 91.8
Disarticulations at the
knee 57.1 5?.l 91.3
Amputationsoftheleg... 35.6 2o.O 71.9
40.2 33.9 72.S
" In thigh amputations, then, while the American
and the British io«c 64 m li'O. the Frenoh lose 9t.S.
The former loso but 26 per ce-nt. in leg amputations,
and we lose 71.9. Such a result is heartrending ; it
is essential to discuss the cause of such a state ot
things, for the welfare of French soldiers and tho
honor ot French surgery demand imperiously that
they be removed."
It will be seen from this that while the aver-
age mortality in the British Army was per
cent., and in the French Army it was 72^ per
cent., yet in our Army it was only 33^ per
cent.'—vastly less than in either of the armies of
those two great nations.
Mr, ELA. I wish to know if this is the work
that was printed at an expense of about thirty-
seven thousand dollars, and of which a great
number of copies were required to bo printed
on the ground tharit would be in great demand,
but of which only two or three hundred dollars'
worth were sold. It was so full of inaccuracies
that almost every line of it had to be altered.
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not know what
work the gentleman is speaking of* He can-
not be speaking of this, which has not yet been
printed.
Mr. ELA. I saw a portion of it, and it was
the greatest abortion in the shape of a prepara-
tion for the press that I ever met with.
Mr. GARFIELD. I was going on to say
that in this report of the Surgical Society of
Paris, with the whole record of the Crimean
war before them as reported by the medical
authorities of Great Btitam and France, and
with only this preliminary report bearing the
modest title of a "'circular" from the medical
department of the Army of the United States,
I find the following testimony to the value of
the '• circular:-'
"One might be astonished to see these 'circulars*
of the Surgeon General referred to in comparison
with the voluminous and formalreportsof the British
and French armies, since they were printed simply
as a preface to the general medical and surgical his-
tory of our war. and are modestly entitled by the
Surgeon General 'reports on the extent and nature
ot the materials available for the preparation of a
medical and surgical history of the rebellion.' Yet -
M. Lefort only concurs with other leading Europeaa
reviewers in hW estimate of these well-known docu-
ments, of which the chief medical Quarterly, the
British and Foreign Medieo-Chirurgic.il Review, de-
clares that, professedly only a preliminary survey,
'it will itself long form an authentic book of refer-
ence, botu to the military and civil surgeon.' "
Even a mere resume of the materials in our
possession is looked upon as of more value
than the completed record, both French and
English, of the medical results of the Crimean
war. I cannot leave thi3 report without quot-
ing one other passage, in which the comparison
is stiil funher carried out:
" The English surgeons kept their wounded at their
fipld host-Hal^, at Balaklava, at the monastery of St.
George, and only sent them to their hospitals on the
Dardanelles when they were able to be moved. Why
were ourwounded so little eared for? M. Chenn re-
plies that the French army had six times the effect-
ive force of the English. Then the necessities of the
formerwere six times greater. It is a culpable want
of foresight to send a numerous nrrny far from the
mother country with inadequate supplies. Theques-
tion reduces itself to this: now, who was responsible?
Was it our army surgeons ? Surely not. Eighty-two
officers ot the French medical staff laid down their
lives in consequence of epidemics brought about by
maladministration and the neglect of hygienic pre-
cautions—Thinners encountered by the entire medi-
cal staff with that courage and abnegation which
everywhere characterize the true physician. But,
alas! in France tho medical service of tho army is
not directed bv medieal men, and such men as Ma.
Levy, Larre, Serire, and Legouest have no voice in
the arrangements indispen-able to the physical well-
being of our soldiers. When the uiedical director of
the army of the East wished to erect a few pavilion
field-hospital-, he had tor weeks to exhaust his pa-
tience in demonstrating their necessity to intelligent,
weil-meimn? men, wao were qiute incapable of
comprehending his reasoning, and who followed his
advice or not according to their personal prejudices
or predilections.
"Happier than the French army, the Americans
have no system of military ' iuteiidants;' and though
their medical officers had to grapple with difficulties
verv far greater than those we encountered m tho
Crimea, anhousrh tbeir theater of war embraced a
territory larger than the whole of Franco: although
in the first two years only of the war the enormous
aggregate of 143,31S wounded was one of the prob-
lems with which they had to deal, the American mili-
tary surgeons, left to themselves, free to display all
their energy, to avail of all opportunities, to profit
bv their special training, found means to open to the
sick and wounded soldiers two hundred andfivegen-
eral hospitals containing 133.894 b«ds; to teud thesa
so that they lost but thirtv-three per oent. of those
operated on; where ts the French surgeons under the
tutelage ol the military administrative offices had at
their command in tho Crimea inadequate hospttals
and supplies which were a mockery, and lost seventy-
two per cent, of the patients operated on.
"And yet Franee was supposed to possess before
thecampaign began acomidete medical organization
and sufiicientsupplies.whilcin Amcricaitwas neces-
sary to organize everything."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire to say that when
our nation occupies so proud a position, when
we have in our hands the most priceless mate-
rials that the history of science has ever afforded
oil this subject; when we are in a condition to
exhibit what will be of more value to the world
and of more credit to the American medical
profession than any other document ever pos-
sessed bv any nation in the world, it seems to
me a small business for us to chatfer about the
matter of a few hundred dollars of expendi-
ture. Were the cost of publication all that
gentlemen suppose, I should be in favor of
printing this work. Even far-sighted economy
