1868;
nil CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senate postpone the specif order informally?
Mr. tjCJliN'ER. For live minutes. .
The PB.ES1DENT pro tempore. .Is there
objection to that? None being made, Senate,
joint resolution No. 178 is pending.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Maine
made a suggestion to substitute instead of "new
order of things" the words " more liberal form
of government," I have no objection to the
substitution. If he makes it in the form of a
motion I certainly shall be ready to accept it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-.
tion is on the amendment to the amendment of
the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WARNER. I move to insertin place of
the word "liberal" the word ''republican."
This is simply an expression of sympathy ; and
it seems to me that we cannot do less than ex-
press our sympathy in the form I propose.
The PRESIDENTp?-o tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Alabama is not now
iu order, inasmuch as the proposition which he
moves to amend has been agreed to in a dif-
ferent. form. The question now is on the
amendment of the committee as amended.
Jlr. THAYER, is it not iu order to amend
the resolution?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly
it is.
Mr. THAYER. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in the seventh line the words "promote
the triumph of liberal institutions " and insert
"secure the establishment of arepublican form
of government," so as to read, " express the
confident hope that it will be continued to the
end in such way as to secure the establishment
of a republican form of government." Does
the Senator from Massachusetts object to that ?
Mr. WARNER. Did I understand the Chair
to decide that the proposition was not now open
to amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is open
to amendment; but not precisely to the amend-
ment offered by the Senator, because the very
matter which he wishes to strike out has already
been agreed to.
Mr. D'ESSENDBN. I wish to state to gen-
tlemen who have made these suggestions that
the matter of them was very considerably dis-
cussed in committee, and the committee, I be-
lieve, came to the unanimous conclusion that
it would not be proper at all for us to recom-
mend to the people of Spain any particular
form of government. That is a matter for
them to settle. Suppose the British Parliament
should pass a resolution recommending to them
not to establish a popular or republican form
of government j we should think that it was an
impertinent interference. Suppose the legis-
lative department of any other Government
should pass a resolution or recommendation of
the same kind, should we consider it proper 1
The committee thought that, in conducting
matters of this sort, if we interfered at all, it
was as well to be governed by good taste, and
not undertake to dictate to a European Power
iu that way or to suggest what particular form
of government they should adopt. It is to be
supposed that the people of Spain know what
is most for theirown interest: and, at any rate,
it is advisable for us, in the present condition
of things, to wait. But, inasmuch as the effort
is making evidently to improve their condition,
we thought there could be no impropriety in
recommendingto them to adopt more liberal in-
stitutions, or liberal institutionsgenerally, leav-
ing to them to decide what particular form of
liberal institutions they would adopt. I really
hope we shall not be guilty of what I should
consider very bad taste in passing a resolution
suggesting to them as a matter of advice what
particular .form of government they should
adopt: and the committee, as 1 said before,
were unanimous oil that subject; but 1 believe
there ts no objection on the part of any one to
the amendment that has been already made by
the Senate with the consent ot the chairman.
Mr. SUMNER. I have to say that, person-
ally, if my wishes eould prevail, there would
be a republican government in Spain, and I
think that ancient mouarchy will err much in
this crisis ot her history if she fails to secure a
republican government; and if my voice eould
reach those who have n.ow influence over her
destinies it would be to tell them not to hesi-
tate in the path of duty. So much I say for,
myself; but while ready to say thus much for
myself, I do not undertake to advise Congress
to say what I would say. I united with the
committee in the report which has been made.
X believed that at this time, under all circum-
stances, considering the case carefully, it would
be, perhaps, more prudent, more wise, and
certainly more in conformity with the usages
of nations, for Congress not to undertake to
make any recommendation with regard to the
form of government. But it certainly does
belong to Congress to express always, every-
where, and to every nation, its aspirations for
liberal institutions. Those are expressed in
this resolution.
Now, I think that my friend from Nebraska
cannot be more fervid in this cause than I am;
1 think that he is not ready to go further than
I am; but pprhaps he has not sufficiently con-
sidered all the reasons and the motives for a
more cautious and prudent form of expression.
I submit most respectfully to him that he
should review his judgment on this question,
and perhaps he may be disposed to withdraw
his proposition.
Mr. CATTELL. The five minutes have
elapsed, and ( must insist on the special order.
Mr. THAYER. 1 will withdraw my amend-
ment in order that the vote may be taken.
Mr. SUMNElt. Let us have a vote.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President——;
The PliESlDENT prro tempore. The time
for which the unfinished business of yesterday
was postponed has expired, and the Chair must
be governed by the action ot the Senate. This
joint resolution must be laid aside and the
unfinished business of yesterday taken up.
PATER WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the papers relating to the claim of
the Mercantile Mutual Insurance Company of New
York for eight §1,000 legal-tender notes he withdrawn
from the files ot the Senate.
NATIONAL DEBT.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution:
liesolved, That the Senato,properly cherishingand
upholding the good taitn and honor ol the nation,
do hereby utterly disapprove of and condemn the sen-
timents and proposition contained in so much ot the
late annual message of the President of ihe United
States aa reads as follows: "It may bo assumed that
the holders of our securities have already received
upon their bonds a larger amount tnan their original
investment, measured by a gold standard. Upon
this statement ot facts it would seem but just and
equitable that the six per cent, interest now paid,by
the Government should be applied to the reduction
of the priucvpal in semi-annual installments, which
in sixteen jears and eight, months would liquidate
the entire national debt. Six per cent, in gold would
at present rates be equal to nine per cent, in cur-
rency, and equivalent to the payment pi the debt one
and a halt time iu a fraction less than seventeen
years. This, in connection with all the other advan-
tages derived from their investment, would attoitl to
the public creditors a fair and liberal compensation
for the use of their capital, and with this they should
be satisfied. The lessons ot the past admonish the
lender that it is not well to be over anxious in exact-
ing from the borrower rigid compliance with the
letter of the bond." %
Mr. DIXON addressed the Senate. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, my colleague
has taken the opportunity, in the course ot his
remarks upon the resolution now pending be-
fore the Senate, to discuss the resolution, to
make a financial speech and to establish, m
his own judgment, a charge of inconsistency
against myself. , .
Mr. DIXON. The latter was not my object.
Mr". PEiiKY. Now, sir, 1 thought m the
remarks which I had the honor to address to
the Senate the other day that I showed, with
some degree of clearness, the altered state ot
circumstances at the present, time from what
they were at the time the fourteenth constitu-
tional amendment was proposed, which altered
state of-eireu distances was the main,foundation
upon which,! rested my argument for t|)b pres-
ent removal of political disabilities, created by
the fourteenth article of amendment to the
Constitution of the United States. What waa,
the condition of things two-, years ago when you
were discussing that matter here in, the- Senate
of the United States'? 1 was not here.
Mr. DIXON. One year ago. _ .
Mr. FEREY. In May, 1866, yon were' dis-
cussi ng that constitutional amendment. In that
month it was agreed to .in the Senate. Ill the
next month it was promulgated to the people
of the United States for their ratification; and-
what was- the.condition of things? That south-
ern oligarchy to which I referred in my speech
the other day, which bad led . the masses of
the southern people originally into the rebel-
lion, and which at the close of the rebellipiv
felt itself crushed to the dust and then was
willing to receive any terms which the ^con-
queror might see fit to impose, had been lifted
up from that position by the President whom
the Senator followed, and by the efforts ot the
Senator himself, so far as ihey went, in sus-
taining the President. That same oligarchy
had shown conclusively, by its conduct upon
the encouragement thus received from the
President and from bis immediate supporters,,
that they were unfit, in the transitiou period
which was to intervene before the final restora-
tion of those States to the Union, to be in-
trusted with political power which they had so
abused in misleading the mass of the southern
communities in the years then but lately gone
by ; and to prevent the danger of the efforts
which that class of the people of the South
might make to put off still longer that restora-
tion of the Union which all loyal men sought
for these disabilities were imposed upon them
by the amendment to the Constitution, and
imposed, as was said fully and expressly in the
debates of the period, two years ago, solely
for a temporary purpose. And the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] in his speech on
that occasion hoped that the time might soon
arrive when all these disabilities could be wiped
away.
That was the condition of things then. They
were a dangerous element in the southern com-
munities. They were an element then unlit
to be intrusted with political power, because
the political power which they might be in-
trusted with would in the circumstances of
those communities at that time be dangerous
to the speedv restoration ot the Union and the
safety of the" Republic. Well, what has hap-
pened since? Your constitutional amendment
has been approved by the people. Your re-
construction acis have been sanctioned by the _
people. Seven States have come back tothe
Union under the operation of those laws. The
others are inevitably to return within a year
from the present lime. And, more ^ptent
than all this, the people of this country at the
ballot-box have clearly and unmistakably ex-
pressed such a determination that the malice
of the ancient southern oligarchy cannot fail
to understand, for whether they can understand
generosity and magnanimity or not there is
one thinjf that the mind of the southern oli-
garchv/uoes comprehend. It does understand
iorcof and the people of the nation have iucar-
/{[ the force of the liepublic in the person
_ the great general whom they have placed
at the head of this Government for the next
four years. It is, in my judgment, no longer
in the power of that oligarchy to prevent the
restoration of the Union in the shortest possi-
ble period; it is no longer in their power to
revive discord and civil strife in those com-
munities ; and therefore, even though they
may be hostile still, even _ though they may be
sullen and discontented, in my judgments is
safer for those States, in my judgment it is
safer for the Republic, that they should cease
to be considered by the communities in wtoeli
they live, or a portion of those communities,
--   -e "lost cause;" and
as & sort ot" maityrs to
it is
my judg&neftfc'th&t thSy will
tbfcir fie-
