1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1075
notes added, for they too have been deemed
"lawful money" substantially, as bank re-
serves.
Bat go a little further. What is to become
■of the legal-tender notes received for ten-forty
bonds'? Just what the Secretary pleases. If
lie chooses he may issue coin notes for as many
dollars as he receives legal-tender notes for
ten-forty bonds, and then what follows ? Does
anything certain or fixed follow? No. Dis-
cretion is piled on discretion. The Secretary
may then pay away the coin notes for six per
cent, bonds, and if he does, then lie is to
destroy the legal-tender notes, and if he does
not, why then the legal tenders are to find
their way back into the world again; and thus,
holding the market in his grasp, the Secretary
clenches his fist or opens his hand at his will.
The coin notes having gone out and returned
for redemption, and been redeemed, bring up
at last in the discretion of the Secretary ; their
outgoing again depends upon the exigencies
of the public service, and who lias command-
ment or judgment upon these except the head
of the Treasury Department?
Thus the Secretary of the Treasury would
become an iEolus, standing at the cave where
chains hold the winds ready at his bidding to
blow in tempered breezes or to go forth on
errands of destruction, arresting and prostrat-
ing enterprise and strewing the land with its
wrecks. Such a power shall never by my vote
be surrendered into the hands of a Secretary
of the Treasury, not if he were the wisest and
purest citizen of the Republic. The commer-
cial community has a right to be protected
against whims, caprices, and cabals—"rings,"
in the phrase of the day. It lias a right to pro-
tection against sudden and secret operations by
the Government in the market. The nation
has a right, especially in times like these, to
have its Treasury kept free as far as may be
from temptation, and from even the appearance
and opportunity of wrong. Before providing
for more administrative latitude I would like to
see the laws as they are diligently observed and
enforced. If we can pass the bill to put an end
to secret gold sales and other dickers by which
the market is manipulated and by which great
gains are suddenly amassed, we may hail that
as a newness of life leading toward a sound and
safe condition. Whenever any funding, cur-
rency, or financial bill is presented leading the
same way, if I can so understand it, I will vote
for it joyfully, but the present measure seems
to me as it stands to promise more of evil than
of good.
Sir. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Pres-
ident, I had expected to address the Senate
some ten or twelve days ago on this subject,
and if"it has become as stale to other Senators
as to myself, it is a misfortune ; but I can only
say as an assurance to the Senate that, unlike
other senatorial speeches, mine has not grown
by Japse of time.
Mr. President, when the patient rejects true
remedies all the physician can do is to admin-
ister palliatives. There is so much more of
genius displayed in proving the poisonous na-
ture of all the medicine offered for the cure of
our admitted financial disorders than in proving
any prescription proper or harmless that I have
reluctantly reached the conclusion the patient
must linger some time longer in its agony
before the doctors will become unanimous as
to what compound mixture will be most likely
to lestore health and longevity. Under these
circumstances I have felt it to be my duty to
■support all the parts of the various financial
propositions before the Senate which in any
way lessen the disorder or mitigate its pain, and
even some that only promise to be harmless.
Until recently I had hoped Congress would
prove equal to the task of maturing some com-
prehensive plan which would make sure of ,
promptly funding our debt at a much lower j
rate of interest and the elevation of the United i
States notes to the standard of United States '
coin. It, was so manifest that a plain, straight- j
forward oiler on our part would enable us to ■
give large relief in the reduction of taxes by i
funding our debt on more advantageous terms
that it seemed impossible to procrastinate it
even by the dubious pretext that terms suffi-
ciently advantageous would not be proposed and
accepted. It was so manifest that even our
coin standard was not a high one, being lower
than that of other nations, and constantly de-
preciating (as 1 have shown on a former occa-
sion, including also the standard of the world
at large) from the almost fabulous amount of
gold annually released from the mountains and
caves of the earth, that it seemed to me not
too much to expect some concerted action for
the restoration of the " lawful money," so
called by act of Congress, temporarily issued
by the Government to the value stamped and
promised upon its face, which, after all, is a
standard at least nine per cent, below that of
the coinage of Great Britain, the most success-
ful commercial nation of the world.
Some progress we have, indeed, made. The
numerous bills presented to the Senate, the
able speech of the chairman of the Committee
on Finance, and the eloquent speech of the
Senator from Indiana in the early part of the
session, shows that the subject is worthy of and
is receiving the earnest attention of the Senate.
If we cannot do all that each one of us may
think is indispensable, can we not so act as to
avoid being charged with the imbecility of
having done nothing or of having attempted
something worse than nothing?
The bills before us convoy a large fleet of
amendments, more or less important. Sena-
tors must be perversely constituted if they
cannot find something to approve in the range
of all the various propositions before us. I
am in favor of a considerable share of these
propositions, and just as much opposed to
some others unless they can be radically
amended.
That it is of primary importance at the pres-
ent moment to fund our debt at the lowest
practicable rate is unquestionable, and I shall
therefore propose to amend the section pro-
viding for the funding of United States notes
so that any debts bearing a higher rate of inter-
est than five per cent, may also bo funded. It
is one of the highest duties of Congress to so
legislate that money can be readily obtained
at a low rate of interest. As long as the
United States Government is the leading favor-
ite for loans in all markets at the highest, rates
of interest. States and corporations, companies
and individuals, must follow closely in its foot-
steps and pay the same or more extravagant
rates. The loan proposed is what is caiied
the five per cent, ten-forty loan. This leaves
the controllability of the loan in the hands of
the United States after ten years, and by that
time we may reasonably hope to obtain even
better terms than a loan at live percent, inter-
est. At this time it cannot be done. The ac-
cumulated capital, now unemployed, of the
retired business men of the country is not
large enough to absorb the national debt. Oar
credit, I regret to say. is not yet fully reestab-
lished, and our countrymen are everywhere
greedy to swallow every available dollar to be
had, offering the most tempting baits to cap-
ital for money to develop the magnificent but
untouched resources of the country, and to
open in a single year such splendors as are
commouly the result of ages of labor. It is
hopeless to undertake at any lower rate to
turn any surplus capital of the country into
the sluggish pool of the Treasury while such
swift currents lead on to more promising and
higher fortunes. If we mean at present to
keep any part of our public debt at home it is
useless to attempt it at a lower rate, and it
would be deplorable to send more abroad. It
is said that Great Britain pays but three per
cent, on her debt, and that is nominally true ;
but she pays that, on £100 when only two thirds
of that amount was received, and her debt does
not bring par, and has not for generations past.
When the debt was first negotiated it was done
at a much more extravagant rate of interest,
it is true that money capital in Europe is
loaned at a less price than in America, but
they will not loan it here for anything loss
than the market price here. They can obtain
that. The temptation to foreigners to invest
here is sufficiently great. They own too much
of our railroad and other stocks already.
Their annual receipts from these sources can-
not be less than §50,000,000 per annum, and
this has been and will be for the most part
annually reinvested, besides whatever comes
from other temptations we may offer to the idle
capital of Europe.
The reasons for allowing the present indebt-
edness to be funded at a lower rate of interest
than we are now paying are too cogent to
require further amplification.
By the amendment of my friend, the Sen-
ator from New Jersey, who still has faith in
the " reciprocatiug motion" of finance, as
well as in machinery, it will be seen that it
is once more seriously proposed that United
States notes shall be redeemed with bonds, and
bonds redeemed with United States notes; and
the chairman of the Committee on Finance, with
paternal fondness for objects which die young,
and we are told are loved by the gods, patron-
izes the amendment with the assurance that
notes and bonds are to be " convertible and
reconvertible until both rise to the par of
gold!'' There is an alchemy about this that
only pure science can comprehend, and quite
surpasses the sharp idea of two Yankees who
got rich by swapping the same jack-knives all
one night. Let us put this revived universal
solvent to a test. Tobacco used to be a lawful
tender in Virginia, and might be converted
into almost any other commodity or recon-
verted, but no one ever understood that the
value of both was raised to the par of gold
thereby. The privilege of swapping notes for
bonds, accompanied by the privilege of swap-
ping back whenever the party becomes sick of
the bargain, will be a practical illustration of
the old saw:
" The kin? of France, he marched up a hill, and then,
Xhe king of France he marched down again."
Such conversion and reconversion would
be just at zero in its effects unless it should
practically prove to be, what my friend from
Nov/ Jersey does not want, a permanent con-
traction of the United States notes. Besides,
it is giving ten per cent, more of currency to
individuals who leave their bonds in the Treas-
ury than even to banks.
The Senator from New Jersey does not at
present desire to be rid of the United Srates
notes at all, and he is consistent in supporting a
scheme which, if it has any purpose, is to make
them immortal. But the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance seems conscious that these
notes hang heavily unon the vitality of the
country, and appears ready to have less of their
company as soon as he can bid them adieu with-
out offense. I trust I may say without offense
that it is not necessary to argue to the Senate
of the United States that what is pioper to be
done with one hand is not proper to be undone
with the other. It would be a singular anom-
aly if, when the statesmanship of the country
is severely taxed to get rid of the evil of an
exclusive paper currency, wo should come to
no other result at last than the acceptance of a
patent "how-uoc-to-do-it," or of a disorganiz-
ing scheme at war with every other portion of
the bills presented.
I have yet to hear any valid objection to the
section of the bill reported in favor of allowing
contracts to be made on the basis of specie.
The fact that the higher law of international
commerce forces them to be so made now is
argument enough to sanction the measure.
The fact that whole States conduct their busi-
ness at present on this basis should reconcile
us to its further extension. Seeking to restore
the standard of specie everywhere, is it not a
curious absurdity to maintain by statutes and
the courts its illegality everywhere? In other
words, we solemnly declare that paper shall be
used by everybody until everybody'uses specie
only, or that all must keep out of the water
until all have learned how to swim! If we
would be translated from the regions of paper
