1828
TfHE COMGRESSipJSTAL GLOBE.
March B,
jlgniands this.expenditure. We have already, *
1%. |he .authority given by Congress, ordered
jt£&iplafes; they are engraved and,.paid For,
ready to be set up with the type. The mate-
rials are all here, and a little over twenty-
seven thousand dollars will give us five thou-
sand copies of one third of the whole of this
magnificent work. 1 should regret it more
than I can express if this Congress should
oiait the opportunity to give this work the pub-
licity which it deserves and take to our coun-
try th.p credit which we have so justly earned.
' I now yield for a few moments to the gen-
•treolaaffoai Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
*".'Mr..BUTLBR, of Massachusetts. Whenever
-|t*i8j?ossibIe for mp to say anything which shall
give credit to the operations of the Army I am
always, very glad to do so. And I am glad to
.say in connection with this subject that I think
•the operations of the medical staff of the Army
dnringthe late war, assisted by the thousands
'•of helping hands of our sanitary and Christian
■commissions—the scientific part of their duties
"being substantially done by the Army with the
$,id .of. the- contract surgeons—show an equal
efficiency with any other portion of the staff
department, however high the rank they may
jpstly take; and the results of their labors show
that there was very much greater efficiency in
the operations of the medical staff of our Army
than of the medical staff of any other army in
the world. It is a well-known fact that where
one dies by bullets in actual battle eighty and
a fraction die of disease.' Yet in this very city
this most remarkable fact took place : ninety
thousand men within a certain time passed
through the Army hospitals here v?ith every
kind of disease and every character of wound,
and there were but six per cent, of deaths
among that number.
And in this connection let me again call the
attention of this House to a fact stated by the
chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, [Mr. Garfield.] I refer to the success
of the capital operations; that is to say, all that
class of operations like amputating the thigh,
and in some cases amputating both thighs.
With the best surgical skill of the French
army, and under the best conditions, not over
thirty per cent, of such operations are success-
ful. But of the like operations performed by
the surgeons of our Army sixty-six per cent,
were successful.
Now, all the means by which this extraor-
dinary success was attained, all the appliances
which gave this efficiency to our service, all
the accumulated learning and experience of
this great work are to be preserved in this
history. The manner and character of these
operations are compiled and fully illustrated
for the first time in the history of the world.
The aid of photography has been brought to
show the exact conditions of the wounds and
the character of the surgical operations per-
formed. We have now what never before
could be obtained—a perfect history of every
disease that afflicts an Army and its manner
of treatment; a perfect history of every kind
of wound to which a soldier is liable and its
manner of treatment. And we have the com-
parative results of all the different methods of
treatment.
I should consider it. a great loss to the world,
to say nothing of the loss to this country alone,
if this history should not be preserved in such
a manner that it will be of use to hereafter.
In the event of any war in the future, however
little we in this country may be afflicted by it,
we should save over and over and over again
in a single year the whole of the cost of print-
ing this work, even should it be so great as my
friend, the chairman of the Committee onPiint-
ing. [Mr. Laflin,] seems to suppose it will be.
And the benefits of this work will be not only
for this country and for this age, but it will be
for the whole world and for all time. Let me
state a single instance of the great request in
which are held even the circulars of the Sur-
geon General, which are a mere epitome, mere
specimens of what this work will be when com-
pleted. A while since I received a request for
one of these circulars to be placed in the hands
of the first surgeon of Greece. He Jhad heard
of it, perhaps had seen it, and desired to obtain
it. He desired a copy, and it was to be obtained
at whatever cost and forwarded to him. I was
happy to have it in my power to send it to him as
some token of his kind treatment of one who
had formerly been an officer of my staff, and
had received in Crete fighting for freedom one
of the most" serious wounds which a man can
receive, and who had recovered under the
skillful treatment of this surgeon.
Not 'only is this work of the most valuable
assistance in time of war, but because it de-
scribes the treatment of diseases, not only the
ordinary diseases which afflict mankind, but
also the extraordinary—for we had them all in
our armies of millions of men—all this will
make the work of great value to civilians; and
the medical and surgical -establishments of
this country and of the world will make it a
text work for all coming time. I trust it will
not be considered that we are throwing away
money uselessly by appropriating a few dollars
to print this valuable document.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, if I am
correctly informed, no publication hitherto
made by the Congress of the United States has
equaled In importance to the people of our
country and the people of the civilized world
the proposed publication of the medical regis-
ter of the treatment of disease in our armies,
and the surgical operations arising out of the
casualties of war. After what has been so
well said by the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] it is not needful
that I should do more than make a single state-
ment. Toward the close of our late war one
of the first surgeons of Europe came to this
capital and passed incog, through our hospitals.
He finally presented himself to the Surgeon
General of the United States and made the
statement that, having visited all the principal
hospitals of Europe, having acted, I believe,
as assistant surgeon general in India under
appointment from the British Government, he
felt himself justified in saying that such suita-
bility of medical arrangements combined with
such surgical skill as he had seen in America
during the progress of the war, had no parallel
in the history of the world.
The achievements of science in connection
with the medical and surgical history of the
rebellion form a record honorable to the coun-
try, and one that ought to be preserved. Gen-
tlemen say, "Let this measure be referred."
For what purpose? The-s>imple result would
be to kill the bill, and thereby delay the pub-
lication of this very valuable information. I
believe, Mr. Speaker, that education after all
is the cheapest defense of nations ; and that
education which constitutes the art of preserv-
ing life and ameliorating the misfortunes and
sufferings of humanity is among the highest
of all the forms of education. I am for this
bill; and I trust that my colleague [Mr. Gar-
field] will call the previous question on it and
let us have a vote.
Mr. GARFIELD. I should be quite willing
to prolong this debate if my friends around me
were not so anxious to vote. I will, therefore,
call the previous question on the passage of
the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The House divided on the passage of the joint
resolution ; and there were—ayes 70, noes 24.
Mr. LAFLIN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
And then, on motion of Mr. SCOFIELD,
(at twenty minutes past eleven o'clock p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
By Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts : The
petition of Charles Alveryand others, of New
Bedford, .Massachusetts, praying for legisla-
tion to prevent frauds in naturalization.
By Mr. GOSS: The petition of Eliaa Wall,
of Spartanburg county, South Carolina, for
removal of political disabilities.
By Mr. SYPHER: A memorial from the
Chamber of Commerce of New Orleans, pro-
testing against the further extension of the
bankrupt law, and especially the ''fifty-per-
cent. provision."
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CORLEY: The petition of M. C.
Welch, a citizen of South Carolina, for re-
moval of political disabilities.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 3, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. Dr. Osgood, of New York
city.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the-Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CONKLING presented a petition of the
German Republican central committee of
New York, praying for an amendment of the
naturalization laws ; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CATTELL, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the petition of
F. P. Salas, praying a return of certain duties
on merchandise imported per Spanish brig
Castilla, in August, 1865, reported it adversely.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the motion
submitted by Mr. Buckalew on the 2d instant,
to print two thousand additional copies of the
report of the Select Committee on Represent-
ative Reform, reported in favor of printing the
same; and the motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 2007) making ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending Juue SO, 1870,
reported it with amendments.
sympathy with spain.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the
amendment of the House of Representatives
to the joint resolution (S. R. No. 178) tender-
ing sympathy to the people of Spain, have had
the same under consideration, and have di-
rected me to report it back to the Senate with
a recommendation that the Senate non-concur
in the amendment of the House. I ask for
action now.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the amendment
of the House will be read.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope there will be no
question about it. It has been considered by
the committee. It will only take time.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to hear it.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment'is to
strike out ail after the resolving clause of the
resolution and to insert:
That the people of the United States sympathize
with the patriotic people of Spain in their efforts to
establish the liberties of the Spanish nation.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the people
of the United States sympathize with the people of
Cuba in their efforts to secure political independ-
ence, and that they will welcome to the family of in-
dependent nations any Government that guaranties
the liberty of all men.and represents the principle
of the absolute sovereignty of the people.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That the Presi-
dent is hereby authorized to recognize the independ-
ence of Cuba, whenever in his opinion a republican
form of governmcntshall have been established.
The House also proposed to amend the title
by adding thereto the words " and Cuba."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee to non-concur in the amendment.
The report was agreed to.
W. W. COKCOItAN.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 413) in rela-
tion to lands and other property of W. W.
Corcoran, in the District of Columbia, used
