1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1820
by the United States Government during and
since the war of the rebellion, have instructed
me to report it back with an amendment. I
ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to
consider the bill at this time. ' i
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution '
(H. R- No. 413) in relation to lands and other ]
property of W. W. Corcoran in the District of j
Columbia used by the United States Govern- ,
irient during and 6ince the war of the rebel-
lion was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It is an instruction to the Secretary |
of the Treasury to withhold auy and all pay- {
ments of money to W. W. Corcoran for the
use of lands and buildings in the District of
Columbia, supposed to belong to him and j
taken possession of by the War Department ;
during and since the rebellion for national
purposes, umil the further action of Congress. !
The Committee on the District of Columbia
proposed to amend the resolution by striking
outthe words "all further action of Congress"
and inserting:
"Until the said W. W. Corcoran shall have taken
and subscribed before some person duly authorized
to administer oaths the following oath : I, William
\V. Corcoran, do solemnly swear that I have never
voluntarily borne arms against the United States
since T have been a citizen thereof; that I have
voluntarily given no aid, countenance, counsel, or
encouragement, either personally or by agent, to
persons engaged in armed hostility thereto; that I
have neither sought nor accepted nor attempted to
exercise the functions of any office whatever under
any authority or pretended authority in hostility to
the United States; that I have not yielded a volun-
tary support to any pretended government, author-
ity, power, or constitution within the United States
hostile or inimical thereto; and X do further swear
that to the best of my knowledge and ability I -will
support and defend the Constitution of the United
States against all enemies, foreign and domestic;
that I will render true faith and allegiance to the
same; that I take this obligation freely, without any
mental reservation or purpose of evasion. So help
me God. And that said oath so taken and subscribed
shall be filed with the Secretary of the Treasury in
connection with all payments of money for the pur-
poses above mentioned."
The amendment was agreed to. %
Mr. BAYARD. I shall ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of that bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to put an inquiry
to the honorable Senator from Iowa respecting
this matter. 1 understand that Mr. Corcoran,
a man of large property in this District, quit
it, abandoned it at the commencement of the
war, and went off to reside in a foreign coun-
try, remaining abroad until the close of the
war and a considerable time afterward, and he
has always been reputed, so far as I have heard,
as, if not a direct rebel, one who sympathized
fully with the cause of the rebellion. I should
like to have more explanation of this resolu-
tion from the honorable Senator who intro-
duces it.
Mr. STEWART. Inasmuch as this is going
to take time, I move to lay it on the table and
to take up House bill No. 1880, the disability
bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not. It is a ques-
tion whether certain money shall be paid to
this gentleman.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The amendment was ordered to
be engrossed, and the joint resolution to be
read a third time. The joint resolution was
read the third time.
Messrs. BAYARD and HOWARD called for
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill;
and they were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had elected Hon. Theodore M.
1omeroy, one of the Representatives from the
State of New York, Speaker, in the place of
-Uoi]. Schuyler Colfax, resigned.
-Ihe message further announced that the
House had appointed Mr. E. C. Ingersoll,
of Il linois, one of the managers on the part of
the House of Representatives at the conference
on the bill (H. Ii. No. 1881) regulating the re-
ports of national banking associations, in place
of Mr. T. M. Pomeroy, elected Speaker. !
The message also announced that the House |
requested of the Senate a duplicate copy of the [
bill (S. No. 588) for the relief of the Mount 1
Vernon Ladies' Association of the Union, :
passed in the Senate July 10, 1868, the ori- i
ginal having been mislaid. j
The message further announced that the j
House had passed the joint resolution (S. R. I
No. 217) for printing the Medical and Surgical j
History of the Rebellion, with an amendment j
in which it requested the concurrence of the ;
Senate. !
The message also announced that the House !
had disagreed to the amendments of the Sen- j
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 1808) making appro- |
priations for the service of the Post Office •
Department during the fiscal year ending June j
30, 1870, asked a conference on the disagreeing j
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap- .
pointed Mr. P. C. Beaman of Michigan, Mr. 1
J. G. Blaine of Maine, and Mr. J. A. Nich- '
olson of Delaware, managers at the confer- 1
ence on its part.
The message further announced that the ,
House had disagreed to the amendments of the '
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1672) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, ,
and judicial expenses of the Government for ;
the year ending June 30, 1870, asked a confer- ;
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. B. F. Butler
of Massachusetts, Mr. ^ illiam H. Iyelsey ot
New York, and Mr. C. E. Phelps of Maryland,
managers at the same on its part.
duplicate copy of a bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate send
a duplicate copy to the House of the bill (S.
No. 588) for the relief of the Mount Vernon
Ladies' Association, according to the request
just received.
Mr. DAVIS. I believe I have the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. These are
incidental motions, and are almost always en-
tertained at this period of the session : and the
question is on returning the bill according to
the request of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
medical and surgical history.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky has the floor.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator from
Kentucky allow me to move to concur in a
verbal amendment of the House?
Mr. DAVIS. I shall vote against this joint
resolution fox the benefit of Mr. Corcoran for
this reason : I believe he is entitled to his prop-
erty without any oath or condition, and 1 will
not vote for a bill that imposes such an oath
upon him.
Mr. ANTHONY. A joint resolution has
just been returned from the House with the
correction of a clerical error, to strike out the
word "surveyorand insert "surgeon.'' I
move that the Senate concur with the House.
It is Senate joint resolution No. 217, for print-
ing the Medical and Surgical History of the
Rebellion.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the amend-
ment ?
Mr. ANTHONY. "Surgeon Geueral" was
engrossed " surveyor general." The amend-
ment is to strikeout the word " surveyor'' and
put in " surgeon."
The amendment was concurred in.
post office appropriation bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 1808) making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending June
30, 1870, disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives ; and
On motion by Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist on its amend-
ments to said bill disagreed to by the House of Rep-
resentatives, and agree to the conference asked by
the House on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
U thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Conkxing, Mr. Ramsey, and Mr. Davis.
legislative etc., appropriation bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 1672) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1870, disagreed to by
the House of Representatives; and
On motion by Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it
was
Resolved, That the Senate insist on its amend-
ments, disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
and agree to the conference asked by the Hou^e on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, Toatthe conferees on thepartof the .Sen-
ate bo appointed by tho Prcsidentpro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Mokrxll of Maine, Mr. Howe, and Mr.
Whyte.
revenue frauds.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Messrs. Chandler, Kellogg, and Morgan
the committee of conference on the part of
the Senate on the biil (H. R. No. 37-5) to re-
peal an act approved Match 2, 1867, entitled
"An act to regulate the disposition of fines,
penalties, and forfeitures received under the
laws relating to the customs, and for other
purposes," and to amend certain acts for the
prevention and punishment of frauds on the
revenue, and for the prevention of smuggling.
the public credit.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask consent to make a
report from a committee of conference.
I'he report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes ofthe two Houses to the bill (II. It. No. 174-4) to
strengthen thepubhccredit, and relating to contracts
for the payment of coin, having met, after full and
free conference have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective Houses as follows :
Tliey recommend that the House recede from its
disagreement to the fiist amendment of the Senate,
and agree to the same with an amendment as follows:
inseitin lieu of the words stricken out the words:
" obligations of tile United States not bei'ring inter-
est known as United States notes, and ot ail tho
interest-bearing."
They recommend that the House recede from its
disagreement to the second amendment oi the Senate,
and agree to the same with an amendment, as fol-
lows: insert in lieu of the words stricken out the
words: "but none of said interest-bearing obliga-
tions not already due shall be redeemed or paid
before maturity unless at such time United States
notes shall be convertible into coin at the option of
the hoirter, or unless at such time bonds of the Uni-
ted States bearing a lower rate of interest than the
bonds to be redeemed can be sold at par ia coin. And
the United States al'o solemnly pledges its faith to
make provisions at the earliest practicable period
fur tile redemption of tno United States notes in com."
Thcv recommend that the Senate recede from their
tliiid and fourth amendmentstothebil.'of the House.
; JOHN SHERMAN,
eSUORUE H. WILLIAMS,
Malingers on the part oj the £en<jte.
ROBERT C. SCIIENCK.
WILLIAM 13. ALLISON,
Managers on the part oj the llovse.
Mr. BAYARD. I am necessarily opposed to
the adoption of this report: and though I am
reluctant to detain the Senate it will take me
some time to state my objections to it. I am
very loth at this period of the session, with the
pressure of business, to do so, but the act is
one of public importance, and as I view the
second sectiDn, which is restored by this com-
mittee of conference to the form in which the
House of Representatives originally passed it,
it is far more dangerous than will any result to
! be derived from the first section be beneficial,
j I must therefore necessarily oppose the bill,
| though to the first section I have no objection.
I Mr. TRUMBULL. It is impossible to hear a
j word that is said by the Senator from Delaware,
, there is so much confusion in the galleries,
j The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. There must
! be less noise in the galleries.
Mr. BAYARD. The first section I have no
specific objection to except one. and that is
that it is declaratory law, and 1 hold that within
the terms of the Federal Constitution declar-
atory laws by Congress, if not absolutely un-
constitutional, are certainly unwise and im-
