1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1077
for resumption, and as United States notes be-
gan to be withdrawn from circulation they would
naturally supply their place in their reserve with
coin against the time when the United States
should either have no notes outstanding or pro-
claim its readiness to pay on demand such as
were outstanding. They_ would avoid being in
the predicament of lagging in the rear of re-
sumption or of at the last moment running the
risk of forfeiting their charters. There may be
some better plan by which we can glide away
from dead paper to a coin equivalent, but hardly
any which forebodes less disturbance in our
monetary affairs or promises to be more facile
in its execution. It is an erection of a new
house before the old one is torn down, and it
is a notification that the old one is to be in
good time supplanted. It is not the leap of an
enthusiast from the engine, desiringtogo faster
and insuring a general smash, but the steady
progress of power constantly pushing up the
inclined plane, and tolerably sure of the goal
at last.
Notwithstanding I had the honor to present
to the Committee on Finance soon after we
' met here in December last a draft of the pro-
ject for free banking on a specie basis, accom-
panied by a provision to retire United States
notes as fast as the new circulation should be
issued. I may be constrained to abandon it.
The Committee on Finance have not adopted
the last essential part of the proposition, and
unless the Senate shall restore it, as I trust it
will, I shall be compelled to abandon a plan so
disjointed and half made up.
There will be found in the bill before the
Senate one section providing for an issue of
circulating notes based upon the amount of
gold in the Treasury, redeemable in gold, and
subject to be reissued in lieu of gold, or sold
for any part of the United States six per cent,
indebtedness. When this has been done an
equal amount of United States notes, if so
many have been funded, are to be canceled,
unless the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon should prevail, which proposes to limit
the amount of cancellation to $2,000,000 per
month. Without this amendment the creation
of such notes mightbe harmless, and perhaps of
some convenience, except that it is ia effect an
expansion of the currency. Whether actually
held in circulation or whether at once presented
for payment at the Treasury, and agai u reissued,
such notes will utilize all the gold in the Treas-
ury, and so much will be added to the circu-
lating medium of the country.
In this case, as in the case of free banks
authorized to issue notes redeemable in coin,
there is the same necessity for guarding against
expansion, and without some provision that an
amount of United States notes equal to such
issues shall be canceled neither of these prop-
ositions, which are, however much disguised,
among the largest and boldest schemes of
expansion hitherto advocated, will receive my
support.
It would seem to be necessary to have some
provision which shall make it illegal for bank
officers to certify checks except against funds
actually in bank. By the decision of one dis-
trict court such certification has been decided
not to bind the bank, and hence there may be
a delusion and a snare in its further tolerance.
But whether so or not, neither prudent men
nor banks should encourage the practice. Good
checks need no such certification, and those
not good ought not to be made current by a
false inscription.
The deposits in banks now being twice the
amount of' their circulation, or about sis hun-
dred million dollars, three times greater than
they were in 1860, there is a proportionate infla-
tion of banking circulation, from the fact that
every depositor does a, little banking on his own
account by issuing his cheeks to the amount
of his daily transactions. Thus the use of bank
notes is very largely superseded, except for
the payment of small bills and country products
and the settlement of balances. If, in addition
in this, parties maybe allowed to anticipate
their receipts for the day and get their checks
certified when they have no deposits yet in
bank, it is an illegitimate expansion of bank
credits which deserves to be forbidden by law,
or, if not that, then the law should hold banks
responsible for all certified checks.
Without much expectation of its finding favor
at this time, and yet with some confidence in
its propriety, I shall offer the amendment which
proposes to abandon the keeping of any reserve
by Banks which redeem their notes at their
counters in specie and also redeem them in its
equivalentat some principal mart of the coun-
try or wherever they are now permitted to hold
any part of their reserve. It seems to me that
this is a very unequal and perhaps unneces-
sary burden to be imposed by law. Skillful
banking and the self-preservation of specie-pay-
ing banks, redeeming also their circulation in
the financial center of their locality, dictates,
and will forever dictate, the proper amount of
reserve that must be held, and it is so indis-
pensable that it would hardly seem to require
to be enforced by law. If any bank should
fail to have the requisite amount to meet its
daily requirements it commits suicide, forfeits
its charter, and having sufficient securities
deposited to cover its issues, no harm is done
to any party beyond the bank itself.
But the banks in the interior of the country
do not require the same ratio of reserve as
the banks in large commercial cities, and
banks with .a large capital, having a propor-
tionate circulation, do not need so large a per-
centage of reserve as those with a much smaller
circulation, for the reason that so much more
of the circulation of the bank of the largest,
capital is likely to be held in places remote
from the bank where it cannot be presented for
immediate payment.
The proportion of reserve of specie which
every bank should hold when pretending to
redeem its notes in specie or its equivalent is
unequal, and it would seem to be enough if
the law should provide good and substantial j
security to the bill-holder in case of mismau- j
agement and loss upon the part of the bank. j
This security should have a margin of at least
ten per cent, beyond the amount of notes re-
ceived and be based upon the coin value of
the securities, asbonds worth 75 iu gold to-day
may be worth 85 or more hereafter, and the
restoration of specie payments should not be
made more onerous than is necessary.
In order that the national banks may be
having some little thought of an ultimate re-
sumption, I shall propose that at fixed points
of time hereafter they shall have and hold a
certain percentage of their capital as part of
their assets in coin. This proposition has this
advantage over that of requiring them to hold
the interest paid to them in coin by the Gov-
ernment, that if they think coin in the coming
year will bear a less rate of premium than
now, and are willing to run the risk, they can
part with their coin now and replace it at a
subsequent period, securing whatever of profit
may accrue from the transaction. Many of
the"banks possess already a considerable share
of the coin mentioned, and the amount named
being moderate it will be a very slight incon-
venience to any to retain or supply it, while
no one will pretend that it will notmcrease the
confidence of the public in their preparation
for an early resumption.
There is a singular delusion prevalent iu some
quarters that the interest paid to banks on then-
bonds is a total loss to the Government. _ The
fact is, the banks own the bonds: the debt is due
from the United States and the interest, if not
paid to the banks, would have to be paid to other
parties. Individuals deposit the bonds for se-
curity and then the Government endows them
with banking privileges, for which it exacts in
return a fixed amount of taxation. The banks
have nothing except upon the terms dictated by
the Government, andifweever create free banks
everybody can have the same privileges upon
the same terms. With free banks the necessity
for fixing the rate of interest to be charged by
banks will cease, as competition will always
supply the demand at the lowest market rate.
Whenever a general resumption of specie
payments shall have arrived or have approxi-
mated so near that Congress sha.il deem it pru-
dent to fix the day for complete resumption it
is more than probable that some of the national
banking associations, like the foolish virgins,
may not have their lamps trimmed and burn-
ing, and then it will be proper to say whether
or not any indulgence, and if any, how much,
shall be granted, or whether they shall be wound
up and give place to more worthy successors.
Whether it would be wise to fix a time for
the United States to redeem its notes is some-
what questionable. To do so, if the time was
not very remote, would cause the notes to be
hoarded against the time of redemption, and
produce what should be avoided, a stringency
throughout the financial circles of the country,
and when the time arrived, unless the Govern-
ment was prepared to redeem the whole amount,
might end in ignominious failure. But after a
considerable share of the United States notes
have been funded, after some portion of the
national banks have commenced operations on a
specie basis, and when all have made some sort
of preparation for resumption, then the United
States notes can be easily raised to the level of
specie and be made receivable for duties /in
imports, if necessary, and actually redeemed
without peril.
Any plan looking to the elevation of our
paper legal-tender standard to the par of coin
will be incomplete unless it embraces and
carries along with it the elevation of the na-
tional banking currency, and these banks can
only retain popular favor by being willing to
be charged with their fair share of the labor
of resumption. Any hesitation on their part
will seal their doom. It will he a mistake
to suppose this can be do.ne without any sacri-
fice; but if they seek perpetuity as national in-
stitutions they mast study the genera! welfare,
and in studying that they will most certainly
advance their own. But no measures should
be forced upon them which would compel them
to distress their debtors. The banks and the
United States can approach a sound currency
| together much easier and safer than either
| alone. While the United States should doits
j full part as the author of our present embar-
! rassments, the national banks must not bury
; their talents and come forward at the day of
: reckoning and say, '1 Lord, I knew thee that
| thou art an hard man ; there thou hast the
! paper that is thine—take that.''
j But, 1 would not exaggerate the difficulties
j in the way of ultimate specie resumption.
They are considerable, but by no means in-
superable. The very fact that the Government
was earnestly bent upon accomplishing the work
would cause many oi the lions in the path to
, slink away into their lairs. Some part of the
i present premium ongold would instantly vanish
i! as being wholly artificial. The gold and silver
! now hoarded, not inconsiderable in amount,
ij would gradually creep forth from their hiding
j! places. The precious metals, treated for years
as merchandise in bulk, would be speedily
I utilized and restored to their ancieuthouor and
I service as money. The millions unnaturally ac-
I cumulated and paraljaed in France and else-
| where abroad would find an increasing demand
| and active employment here. I he precious
|; metals gravitate to where they are most wanted,
j! and within a reasonable time our supplies
'! would equal our necessities; and though the?e
might be such as to check for a time excessive
j importations, that fact would not be detrimental
'! to the economy of our people.
! Nor would the debtor class of the people be
J exposed to great danger. The Senator from
; i Indiana was quite right when he said that three
II fourths of the debts of the country are liquid-
H ated within the year. The annual sales of
11 merchants usually exceed twice the amount
i! of stocks on hand. A two years' notice, there-
fore, would be ample time for the debtor class
and for merchants to set their houses in order
for any impending change. Farmers sell their
products and pay their debts, if they have any,
once a year, and they ask for no favors except
