126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
■which we laid down our lives and now lie in
our blood-bought graves? Will you dishonor
the nation by repudiating that debt, and de-
claring that you will not pay your portion of
the taxes, when we have given our blood and
our lives to support the nation?"
Sir, when I think of these things, when I
think of the young men who have died m de-
fense of the nation, when 1 think of their
heroism, their fortitude, their sickness, and
their wasting away in the rebel pens that I
visited in the South ; -when I think of those
pens with the little holes they dug in the earth
where many of them died—for I counted three
or four thousand graves of men whose deaths
were caused by starvation by the enemies of
this Government—and then when I see this
same interest at work to repudiate the debt of
the Government, and I see this same desire to
dishonor the Government and to make itineffi-
cient in every way possible, this to me is the
greatest crime of all. The Executive of the
nation deliberately proposes here at this junc-
ture, when we have achieved our victory and
glory has crowned out- arms and these men
are enslninedin the hearts of their country, to
repudiate the debt due to those loyal men who
sold their farms and their property and invested
the proceeds in Government securities to sup-
port, this Government, and to support their
children and their brethren in this war to put
down the rebellion.
Sir, 1 think it, is only necessary to bring this
question to a vote. 1 cannot see how any loyal
man can vote otherwise than to censure the
President for so monstrous a proposition. I
cannot, see how any of our Democratic friends
on this (loor can refuse to join in such a reso-
lution. 1 trust, sir, that, this resolution will be
adoptee! unanimously without any amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro Tempore, lhe ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut.
Mr. HOWE. Is that, amendment open to
amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tt, is.
Mr. HOWE. Then 1 wishtomove to amend
it. If the Cierk will report it once more, 1 will
tell him where 1 should like to have the amend-
ment, come in.
The (Jhikp CU5RK. The amendment is to
insert after the word "nation." in the second
line, of the resolution, the following:
And sifrreeins with the President, in tho sontiment
rxpi't-pHtd in his message "that the national iaith
should hi! liulhlully observed."
Mr. HOWE. ] move to insert after the
word ''sentiment'' the words "which ought
to have been, but which was notso that if
amended it, will read :
And agreeing with tho President in the sentiment,
vIi'h'U ou^ht lu have boon, but wind* was not, ex-
mc-^c-d in lusnii'ssuKc, that the national frith should
tie f.ut hfully observed.
| Laughter. ]
If t!ii' Seuatf will indulge mc one moment,
I think they will see the importance, if we are
going- lo commit, (ho Senate to a sentiment
expressed m tho messiige, of voting the senti-
ment correctly. It will be seen that the senti-
ment in the amendment offered by the Senator
from Connecticut differs widely from the sen-
timent expressed in the message. Thatamend-
meiit reads, that we agree to the sentiment
expressed that the "national faith should be
sacredly observed."' The message says " the
national credit." The national faith requires
that we should pay what we have agreed to
pay; but 1 have known many a debtor who
thought be could best, preserve his credit by
paving a part of his debt and keeping the bal-
ance iu his pocket. The President seems to
hav adopted that view, that the national credit
can be best preserved by paying a part of the
debt, or paying none of the principal of the
debt, but only the interest; and so that we
may be h ft in no doubt as to what he means,
he qualifies his statement that the national
credit should bo preserved by going on to
explain iio'.v it, should be preserved, to wit, by
remembering what is due to the great mass of
the people and taking good care not to pay
any of the principal, but only the interest for
a limited numher of years.
Mr. DIXON". I intended, of course, to offer
the amendment in the exact language of the
message, and supposed 1 had done so. How
does it read?
The Chief Ci.erk. The amendment, as
taken down at the time it was submitted, reads
as follows :
And agrecine with tho President in the sentiment
expressed in his message, 'flint tfos na-tiono-l ftiitti
should be s,icrediy observed."
Mr. DIXON. It should be "national
credit." Of course I can make that verbal
amendment.
Mr. HOWE. I take it, as there is another
amendment pending, that amendment is not in
order.
Mr. DIXON". The meaning is the same.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator can modify his own amendment.
Mr. DIXON". I ask leave to make that
verbal amendment.
Mr. ITOWB. I raise the question of order
whether the amendment now moved by the
Senator from Connecticut is in order while
another amendment to the amendment is
pending.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As a
general principle, the mover of an amendment
may modify his own amendment. Whether he
can do it after an amendment to that is offered
is a new question to me ; but, I suppose, a
liberal interpretation would permit him to do it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President,, I think
there is a very easy mode of getting out of the
difficulty in which we are in leference to this
resolution ; and that mode I suggest to be for
tlie Senate to pass a resolution that the Pres-
ident, had no legal right, to express any such
opinion as lie has stated in Ins message ; so
that the House of Representatives may draw
up articles of impeachment and send him here
for some two months' trial. It will give us
very healthy and profitable exercise (luring the
cold winter months, and will be only following
the illustrious example heretofore set!
Mr. CATTELL. I will say, in answer to
the gentleman from Delaware, that 1 presume
the President had a right to say what he did to
Congress, and the Senate have a perfect right
to say they do not approve it.
The PRESIDENTjprotoipore. Theques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator trorn Wisconsin to the amendment of the
Senator from Connecticut.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 18, noes 8; no quorum voting.
Mr. ANTHONY. There isaqtioruin present.
I hope the Cliair will put the question over
again.
The P11ESIDENTpro tempore. Those in
the affirmative will rise, and let every one rise
that intends to vote.
Twenty-eight Senators rose.
Mr. DIXON. If it is not too late I rise to
a question of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What is
the question of order?
Mr. DIXON. This amendment offered by
the Senator from Wisconsin is an amendment
to an amendment to an amendment.
Mr. POM.EROY. I submit that a question
of order cannot be raised while we are dividing.
Mr. DIXON. My amendment was an amend-
ment to an amendment, and his is an amend-
ment in the third degree.
The PltKSlDEN 1'pro tempore. No; it is
not. The amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut was to the original proposition
reported by the Senator from New Jersey.
Those in the negative will rise.
Twelve Senators rose.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was rejected.
The PRKSlDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the original resolution.
Mr. WHYTE. Reluctant as I am, Mr.
President, at this late hour of the day to tres-
pass for a moment—and it shall be but for a
moment—upon the time of the Senate, I do
not wish the vote which I shall give upon the
resolution now pending to be misunderstood
either here or by the people whom I have the
honor, in part, to represent on this floor.
The resolution as it now stands is, in my
judgment, one of censure and of condemna-
tion of the opinion of the President; and as I
hold the right of opinion sacred, whether from
citizens in public office or in private station, I
cannot give any support to the resolution now
before this body.
These views of the President have been de-
nounced here as inculcating the doctrine of
repudiation. I do not so understand them.
Repudiation, as I comprehend it, means the
application of the sponge to the national debt.
It means rejection of the debt in toto, princi-
pal and interest. When Congress, hi its four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, demanded of the rebel States
prior to their restoration to practical relations
with the Federal Government, that they should
declare null and void every State obligation,
either to pay for arms or for money used in
the rebellion or as compensation for slaves
emancipated, that I understand to be repudia-
tion. Bat when the President or any other per-
son undertakes to discuss the means by which
the country can be relieved of its pressing obli-
gations, that I conceive to be another and a
different thing. And looking at the vast in-
crease of our public debt and the diminution
of the revenue, many high-toned and honor-
able public men have proposed various meth-
ods for composition with the public creditors
of the United States. The letter of the con-
tract calls for six per cent, in gold as interest;
and whenever you depart from that and oiler
to tho creditors a less rate of interest, you
might as well call it repudiation as so to stig-
matize the opinions of the President.
When, at the last session of Congress, the
distinguished chairman of the Committee on
Finance offered his proposition to consolidate
the public debt and reduce the interest, which
was fullovved by propositions from other Sen-
ators and members of the other House to
reduce it still lower, no hands were rair-ed ill
holy horror, nor was there any cry of "' repudia-
tiou" then. Now the proposition of the Pres-
ident is the same in principle; the difference
is in degree. One proposes the payment of
the principal at a long time with a less rate of
interest. The President proposes the extinc-
tion of the principal by paying the existing
rate of interest for a longer period of years. I
see no difference, therefore, Mr. President;
and while 1 do not concur in the views of the
President of the United States, while they
have no indorsement of mine, 1 cannot vote
for a resolution of this kind. I come from a
State which has passed through crucial trials
in the payment of its public debt and lias
come out unscathed and untarnished by the
abatement of a single dollar that it owed.
Therefore, I concnr in no proposition to repu-
diate the public debt or to abate it; but I shall
no more enter into a clamor against the Presi-
dent of the United States because he enter-
tains sentiments different from me than I
would join here in a crusade against any Sen-
ator who might propose the payment of the
debt of the Dtiited States by the retirement of
the old issues and the furnishing of a new issue
payable at a longer period and with a smaller
amount of interest.
Mr. V1CKEUS. Mr. President, I do not
desire to detain the Senate, but to express
briefly the views which explain the vote I shall
give. I agree with the Senator from my
own State who has just spoken, and adopt the
views he entertains. I have several other
objections, however, to the passage of this
resolution, which 1 will endeavor to explain.
The Executive is is a coordinate department
of the Government, and it is his constitutional
duty—a duty which he cannot avoid—to make
j; known his views upon the condition of the
|i country and its finances. Tho very theory
!l and genius of our Government and the praetica
