1830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
proper. This Congress lias no more authority
to declare what was the intent and meaning of
a law passed by a previous Congress, or give
a pledge of faith to the country without any
new consideration connected with the bonds
in reference to which the first section relates
than a subsequent Congress would have a
right to undo it. My own opinions on the
technical question are very plain. When under
their former laws the United States authorized
the issue of six per cent, bonds with interest
payable in coin, redeemable at their option
after five years or absolutely payable at the
end of twenty years, without specifying that
the principal should be paid in coin, 1 have
never doubted that the United States could not
in good faith, pay a promise to pay, and on
which they were to pay interest until it was
paid by money, with another promise to pay
which they chose to call money. In other
words, I never doubted that the United States
were to pay value, if they wanted to retain
their good faith, in a currency of value and
not in a currency of mere credit. There are
no circumstances but one under which any
Government would be justified in what is called
repudiation of a debt. There perhaps is one,
founded upon the principle of bankruptcy as
regards individuals. Where an individual, be
it even from his own extravagance, from want
of care, from want of intellect or business
capacity, becomes involved in debt the laws
of your own and other countries permit bim to
be discharged from the obligations of his debts
on surrendering his property; and the princi-
ple of that is very apparent to me—-his future
labors are left to himself. In the case of a Gov-
ernment having authority as trustees for the
people at large to contract loans the case might
arise—I do not pretend to say it has arisen
here—in which a Government might contract
such a debt that the interest upon the debt
would amount to more than the net earnings of
the aggregate people during each year, and in
such an eventas that there would be an inability
to pay consistent with the welfare or even the
organization of the society, and in such an event
as that Government would be compelled, just as
the individual would be, to refuse to pay such an
amount. I do not say that that applies to the
present case. On the contrary, I think that with
agrowingcountry likeours, with so enterprising
a population, the remedy is not declaratory
legislation by Congress, but the reduction of
expenditure, economy in public expenditure,
reduction of useless organizations, of a portion
of the Army, the abandonment of your Freed-
men's Bureau, and a thousand other things not
necessary to specify. Economy in the conduct
of public affairs, a revision of your entire reve-
nue laws, internal and external, for the pur-
pose of making them as little oppressive as
possible to the people, while they raise the
greatest amount, of revenue, is the the mode in
which the goodfaith of this country is to be
preserved. This Congress may pass what
resolution it pleases on the subject of the pay-
ment of the debt in coin, that debt will ulti-
mately be repudiated if what I mention is not
resorted to, a proper revision of the revenue
system of the country, external and internal,
and a reduction of expenditures, because other-
wise the burden will press so heavily on the peo-
ple that they will throw it off their shoulders.
"To the second section, however, I have a
distinct objection that it really in my judgment
is intended to prevent a return to the normal
currency in this country which it professes to
be intended to effect. Nearly a year ago, when
Ihe question was still what the lawyers would
call a moot question, a doubtful question, as to
whether a contract made specifically payable
in gold could under the legal-tender act., as it
is called, be paid in paper, the Senate agreed
to pass a proposition giving validity without
regard to any existing law to all contracts of
that kind hereafter made. It went to the House
of Representatives. It lay there during the
rest of the session. They would not act upon
it. They would not pass it. During the pres-
ent session, within the last three weeks, the
Supreme Court of the United States have made
a decision that governs entirely the whole ques-
tion ; that is, they have decided virtually in
principle that all contracts, whether made be-
fore or after the passage of that law, if made
specifically payable in coin, can be enforced
according to their terms and the party so con-
tracting may be made to pay in a currency of
value and not in a currency of credit.
There is, therefore, no necessity for this sec-
ond section. It makes a profession of provid-
ing that a contract hereafter made specifically
payable in coin may be enforced; but it couples
it with a system of inquiry into the considera-
tion that would utterly destroy all confidence,
promote litigation, and prevent contracts of
1 hat kind being made. Where a party gives
his promissory note on the purchase of prop-
erty payable in coin the right is given under
this section to question the consideration on
this ground : whether the value of the article
which he purchased was adjusted on a gold
basis or a paper basis. Any one can see at once
that with such a provision in the law it entirely
destroys the effect of the decision of the Supreme
Court in the confidence it would impart to the
community in making contracts payable in coin.
It prevents in the higher branches of trade a
return to the normal currency. It subjects
men to the danger of a want of good faith on
the part of the individuals with whom they
contract.
Let me give an instance. Suppose a man
sells a horse for $600 or a house for $10,000;
he gives his note payable in coin in either case.
When that note is called upon for payment he
say3, "No; I shall pay it in legal tenders."
If he is sued upon it this provision which pro-
fesses to authorize contracts of this kind gives
him liberty to go into a court of justice and dis-
pute whether the price of that horse or the
price of that house was adjusted on the gold
basis or the currency basis. It will lead to
innumerable law suits. I do not know what
extent of evidence the courts might require in
the case of a horse. They might bring forward
jockies to prove that the value of the horse at
$600 was its paper value and not its coin value,
and the jury would have to weigh the facts. In
other words, the result of the second section is
simply to destroy the effect upon the country
of the decision of the Supreme Court giving
validity to contracts of that kind. It is an
encouragement to bad faith on the part of par-
ties making contracts payable in coin. It is
intended to discourage payments in money,
although it professes to authorize them. It has
duplicity on its very face. Its object is to keep
up in this country a currency of credit as con-
tradistinguished from a currency of value, for
the purpose of aiding speculators to plunder
the people; or it may be, for aught 1 know,
that the object in now retaining it is some
personal speculation of individuals and their
influence.
But, sir, it is very probable that that which
the House refused to do at the last session be-
fore the decision of the Supreme Court, or to
touch now when that decision has been made,
rendering any legislation on that subject un-
necessary, they now seek to emasculate the
decision of the court by coupling it with a pro-
vision which will give rise to ceaseless law-
suits, which will encourage perfidy on the part
of individuals where contracts have been made
on the gold basis, which will prevent a return
at the earliest practical period to the normal
currency of the country; and unless you return ,
to it before any great length of time all the)
declarations you make in the first section as to i
the intentions of Congress to pay their debts, j
principal and interest, in coin will be vain.
I do not wish to detain the Senate longer in
reference to this bill, but I trust if this report
of the committee of conference should pass
the Senate at least the Executive will not per-
mit it to pass without his veto: and as he has
the power to prevent such pernicious legisla-
tion that he will exercise that power in the
present instance for the good of the country.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask that the bill be
read as it will stand if we agree to the report
of the conference committee. That the Secre-
tary is able to do with the papers before him.
The Secretary read as follows:
That in order to remove any doubt as to the pur-
pose of the Government to discharge all just obliga-
tions to the public creditors and to settle conflicting
questions and interpretations ot the laws by virtue
of which obligations have been contracted it is
hereby provided and declared that the faith of the
United States is solemnly pledged to the payment ia
coin or its equivalent of all obligations of the United
States not bearing interest, known as United States
notes, and of all the interest-bearing obligations of
the United States, except in cases where the law
uathorizing the issue of any such obligation has ex-
pressly provided that the same may be paid in law-
ful money or other currency than gold and silver.
Bat nono of said interest-bearing obligations not
already duo shall bo redeemed or paid before matu-
rity, unless at such time United States notes shall be
convertible into coin at the option of the holder, or
unless at such time bonds of the Unit^?States bear-
ing a lower rate of interest than the bonds to be re-
deemed can be sold at par in coin. And the United
States also solemnly pledges its faith to make pro-
vision at the earliest practicable period for the
redemption of the United States notes in coin.
Sec. 2. And be it.further enacted, That any contract
hereafter made specifically payable in coin, and the
consideration of which may be a loan of coin, or a
sale of property or the rendering of labor or service
of any kind the price of which as carried into the
contract may have been adjusted on the basis of tho
coin value, thereof at the time of such sale or the ren-
dering of such service or labor, shall be legal and
valid, and may bo enforced according to its terms;
and on the trial of a suit brought for the enforcement
of any such contract proof of the real consideration
may be given.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Secretary will send
the report and the bill to me I will explain in
a very few words the result of the conference.
The Senate made four amendments to this
short bill. The first amendment was designed
to extend the pledge of the first section to the
United States notes as well as the bonds. In
the House bill the obligations were described
as "all interest-bearing obligations," butthere
was no pledge to pay in coin United States
notes. The Senate by striking out the words
"interest-bearing" intended to extend the
pledge to all obligations of the United States;
but the House conferees feared that this would
include obligations not intended to be em-
braced by this claim. In order to avoid all
ambiguity we now say that the pledge shall ex-
tend to the payment of all United States notes
in coin and all interest-bearing obligations ex-
cejjt those where other provision was made, so
as to prevent including other obligations not
intended to be reached by this measure ; and
in that respect I think the report of the con-
ferees is decidedly an improvement because it
is more specific.
The second amendment of the Senate was to
strike out the proviso to the first section. The
objections made in the Senate to the proviso
were these: that it tied up the power of the
Government to pay the debt or do anything
toward reducing the rate of interest until after
the return of specie payments. This provision
is stricken out, and instead of it we have in-
serted a provision that we will not attempt to
pay the principal of this debt until either we
resume specie payments or we can sell a bond
bearing a lower rate of interest than the bonds
to be redeemed at par in coin. Then we are(
at liberty to proceed to pay off the outstanding/
bonds even if specie payments have not beenl
resumed. i
Mr. FESSENDEN. Please read that.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Bat none of said interest-bearing obligations—
Five-twenties—
not already due shall be redeemed or paid before
maturity, unless at such time United States notes
shall be convertible into coin at the option ofthe
holder, or unless at such time bonds of tho United
States bearing a lower rate of interest tliau the bonds
to bo redeemed can be sold at par in coin.
Then there is this clause:
And the United States also solemnly pledges its
faith to make provision at the earliest practicable
period for the redemption of the United States notes
in coin.
I think that this is a great improvement.
The United States postpones payment of this
debt until we can pay it at par in coin, either
by the sale of bonds or by the resumption of
specie payments, and we also announce to the
