1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1831
country that we will take steps as early as prac-
ticable to specie payment of the notes.
Mr MOKRILL, of Vermont. Would the
last provi>ion prevent the United States notes ,
from being funded ? I
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. I will state in
regard to the third amendment that I did not
agt-'eeto the conclusion in regard to it. The third
amendment of the Senate was made on motion
of. the honorable Senator from New Jersey,
[Mr. Fremsohutsen-,] to strike out the last
clause of the second section. That clause
allowed, by implication at least, the consider-
ation of a negotiable note to be inquired into
between others than the original parties. In
order to avoid that construction the Senate
struck out that last clause, leaving the question
of inquiring into the consideration to depend
ppon the general and local law in each State.
That is the way it ought to be ; but the House
conferees were not willing to agree to this re-
port unless this provision was retained. I my-
self was not disposed to yield that, but a ma-
jority of the Senate conferees thought it was
better to yield in order to secure the passage of
the bill. The words which are retained and
which the Senate struck out are these :
And on the trial of a suit brought for the enforce-
ment of any such contract proof of the real consid-
eration may be given.
That would seem to imply that this proof
could be given in a suit brought by a bona fide
holder on a note where there was usury between
the original parties; but as this clause does
not state the effect of the evidence on the real
consideration we thought it better, or at least
a majority of the conferees against my opinion
thought it best, to leave that clause in rather
than endanger the passage of the bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, I desire m
one word, in behalf of the industries, so far as
[ know them, of this country to enter my
solemn protest against the passage of this act,
a measure calculated, in my judgment, more to
repudiate the national debt than any measure
that has yet been enacted, and as certain to
result in that direction if the people are true to
themselves. It seems, sir, that the industries
of this country, crushed to the very earth in
the past three years, are not crushed suffi-
ciently, but they must have this staggering, this
most outrageous blow dealt upon them. If
there is any measure calculated to prostrate
whatever there is in the present profitable occu-
pation of this country this is it. I affirm to
this Senate and to this country, and I shall be
borne out in it, that there is no industry, com-
mencing three years ago, that is at all in a
profitable condition except those who are re-
ceiving to-day the pap of Government appro-
priations. Why tamper with this most sacred
. and most delicate instrument ? Sir, I have not
; words to express the feeling of outrage that is
in me at this constant manipulation of the
finances, first of the Government and then of the
people, for what purpose? You have contracted
your currency nearly four hundred million dol-
lars in three years for the purpose of enhanc-
ing its value. What has been the result of it?
Have you enhanced the value of the nation's
credit? Not one cent. You have prostrated
every interest and every industryin consequence
of that most suicidal and most damnable policy.
I protest, therefore, in the name of the indus-
tries of this country and in their behalf, repre-
senting them as I do, and as I know they at
present exist, against the additional load that
will be put on them by this most unholy and
most inconsiderate legislation.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I do
not intend again to discuss this question, but
to ask of the Senate whether this body is now
prepared to change the contract between the
Government and its creditors as is proposed
by this report? In my judgment the measure
has not been improved by the action of the
committee of conference. By this proposition
we now undertake to waive permanently the
right to redeem the five-twenty bonds during
the period of twenty years allowed by the ori-
ginal law to the discretion of the Government,
^ I
l"and to provide that the Government shall not |
redeem at all unless Treasury notes are equal 1
with gold in value. |
This, sir, is now the distinct proposition; |
and as far as we can in the absence of a new j
consideration we undertake to bind the Gov- i
eminent to a material modification of the eon- <
tract to the benefit of the creditor and to the
prejudice of the people. After the contract
has been made by the law and by the language
of the bonds, and before the maturity of the
bonds, why shall we undertake to change the
nature and extent of that contract? Why not
leave it as it stood at the time the Govern-
ment made the contract? There were some
merits in the funding bill urged by the Senator
from Ohio last year and urged by the Commit-
tee on Finance in its elaborate report of De-
cember, 1867. There was some compensation
in that measure. In that bill it was proposed
as a compensation to the tax-payers that there
should be a reduction of the interest, that the
six per cent, bonds should fall to four and four
and a half per cent., making a large saving
annually to the people in interest and a very
great relief to the burdened interests of the
country; but, as I thought, not sufficient to
justify then a change of the contract.
But now, Mr. President, abandoning the
idea of compensation, it is proposed, without
consideration, as far as we now can do it to
change the contract and to make obligations
which may be redeemed within a specified
period in the legal-tender notes of_ the Gov-
ernment gold obligations. Where is the re-
turn ? The present proposed policy is in strange
contrast with the policy that was adopted at
the time this debt was contracted. As I read
to the Senate the other evening from the re-
port of the Committee on Finance, the policy
of Congress in 1862 and 1863 was to reduce
the value of the paper currency issued by the
Government so as that there should be an
inducement on the part of the persons holding
that currency to invest it in the bonds. De-
preciation was then the policy of the Govern-
ment—a depreciated currency made necessary,
in the language of the committee, by the fact
that the bonds would not sell under the act
of February 25, 1862. The depreciated cur-
rency was the consideration the Government
received for its bonds, and that depreciation
was brought about upon a purpose and a pol-
icy. To secure a sale of bonds then the cur- ^
rency was purposely depreciated; but when ;
the Government comes to assume arid to pro- i
vide for its payment, then the opposite policy j
is to be adopted and the currency is to be by
special legislation appreciated, or if it cannot|
be appreciated, then that the bonds shall not j
be paid until the Government can pay in gold.
Why this reversal of policy ? If it was right
that the Government should be paid for these
bonds in a currency purposely depreciated,
why is there an obligation that we shall pro-
vide for an appreciation of the currency when
the Government comes to redeem the bonds?
I desire that there shall be an appreciation of
the currency ; but as I said the other evening,
I look to that only through a restored pros-
perity in the business of the country.
I sympathize with the sentiment of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Spragce.] \  e
want stability, that business may prosper, that
productions may increase, that the current ot
gold may settle in again to our own shores in-
stead of running from our shores, and when we
have an appreciation of th6 currency brought
about by such influences there is no injustice
done to any persons or to any interest in the
country. But when Congress by artificial means
proposes to give a -value _ to a currency simply
with a view to pay a particular class ot obliga-
tions that the Government owes, then, as the
Senator from Rhode Island has so earnestly
expressed it, there is injustice done to many
of the interests of the country. Why not
leave this contract, covering such large inter-
ests, so many hundreds of millions of dollars,
where it was left when it was made? Audit
the business of the country shall bring the
currency up to a par value, then all will par-
ticipate in the benefits of that appreciation,
not the bondholder alone, but all the men of
the country engaged in industrial pursuits will
be blessed by that result; but an artificial
value given by legislation for the benefit of a
particular class is not just to the other classes
of society. In my judgment this is a very
unjust measure. It is unjust to the people to
bind the Government as far as we now -can by
a voluntary resolution to a mode of payment
not contemplated when the contract was made.
I do not expect that any discussion of this
measure will change the views of the Senate.
To my judgment the measure is notimproved by
the action of the committee of conference. If
possible it is made more objectionable. Does
it add anything to the obligation of the Govern-
ment that we now say that we will give if possi-
ble a par value to the legal-tender notes? When
the legal-tender notes were used in the purchase
of the bonds they were not worth so mnch as they
are now as compared with gold; and the parties
who paid for the bonds in legal tenders when they
were worth forty, fifty, sixty, or seventy cents
on the dollar have made a large gain in the
appreciation of that currency already, a profit
and a speculation almost unknown in the
moneyed transactions of the world.^ Why, then,
shall we interfere to give an artificial and stim-
ulated value simply for the purpose of accom-
modating one class of business men? I shall
be very glad if the paper currency of the coun-
try shall come to par as compared with gold.
I shall be glad if that is brought about by the
influences of business, of trade, and of com-
merce, for then I will know that eveiy inter-
est of the country has participated in the ad-
vantage. But I feel that if it be brought about
for a special purpose, for the benefit of a par-
ticular class in our society, for foreign moneyed
men, it is not just.
Mr. President. I shall not continue the dis-
cussion, for I feel that the vote the other even- -
in<* was so decidedly in favor of this measure
that discussion is not likely to change it; and
I do not wish by anything I may say to inter-
fere with the passage of any of the important
bills, but I have felt it to be my duty to say
thus much against the proposition.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, we have
less than twenty-four hours to the end of the
session when this report of the committee of
conference comes here. It has notbeen printed.
It contains new provisions which have not been
discussed, and very important provisions bear-
ing upon the subject under consideration. _ 1
think it exceedingly unwise, under these cir-
cumstances, to attempt to press this matter to
a vote in the Senate. As all your appropriation
bills are yet unsigned, have not gone to the
President for examination, and some of them
are not yet passed, and the President can
hardly have time to read the bills that are to
go before him, there can be no reasonable ex-
pectation that a measure like this, if it passes,
can be examined by the President and receive
his signature. It is, therefore, a waste of the
time of the Senate, in my judgment, to under-
take to press this matter to a vote upon the
report of the committee of conference.
Sir, it introduces new provisions, entirely
new provisions, which have not been discussed
in the Senate in connection with this bill, and
this report has not been printed. No Senators,
except those who have been upon the commit-
tee of conference, have had a fair opportunity
to examine and understand the precise bearing
of this bill as it comes to us now, and lor this
reason it seems to me unreasonable that it
should be pressed. _
I shall not open the discussion of those ques-
tions which were discussed the other evening
when the bill passed the Senate. I have no
desire to repeat the argument then made or
discuss the questions which were then discussed
before the Senate. But here is a new bill at
this late hour which, upon the first reading as
it seems to me, pledges us to the redemption
of all the obligations of the United States m
coin (is they full due. There is a provision that
