128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
teen years, gold interest, or whether they shall
run the hazard which everybody seems to have '
some apprehension of, that this debt never
will be fully paid. I wish it were in the power of
this Government to-day to pay every dollar of
the debt, principal and interest, in coin. I
do not indorse this recommendation of the
President; but I have looked upon it with
that respectful consideration with which I
always regard state papers that emanate from
those in high authority. He occupies a very
eminent position. He has opportunities and
advantages for ascertaining the true condition
of the country in all its interests and in all its
financial affairs, in its productions, in its va-
rious interests, and looking at things from a
stand-point so different from that which I am
enabled to occupy, I must have some respect
for views which emanate from a man so dis-
tinguished as he is, and occupying with such
advantages as he does his high and elevated
position.
Who cati believe for a moment that the Pres-
ident, in his suggestion of another among the
many modes devised for the payment of the
public debt, meant anything like dishonorable
repudiation? He has acquired a reputation
for singleness of purpose and integrity of which
lie may well be proud and jealous. What mo-
tive could he have, as President of a great peo-
ple, to advocate repudiation? He has been
educated in the school of adversity in moral
aud political principles that have commanded
the highest respect.
Mr. WARNER. I should like to ask the
Senator from Maryland a question. The Presi-
dent, in his message, proposes that the Gov-
ernment should never pay the bondholder a
dollar, either of interest or principal. If this
is not repudiation, what is?
Mr. VICKERS. I thought the proposition
was to pay the interest for sixteen years. If
the Senator has read the message as I have
certainly he must have seen that the President
does not propose to repudiate the payment of
interest.
Mr. WARNER. I ask the Senator if the
President proposes ever to pay the bondholder
a single dollar of money? 1 ask if a single
dollar of money under the President's propo-
sition is ever to go out of the Treasury to the
bondholder ?
Mr. VICLvBRS. If the Senator from Ala-
bama had listened attentively to the account
which I stated between the bondholder and
the Government he would have perceived that
when the bondholder paid but fifty dollars for
a Government bond of $100, if he received
interext on $100 for twenty-one years, accord-
ing to the President's proposition, ho would
be paid both principal and interest on the
fifty dollars which lie loaned at six per cent.,
and be overpaid by thirteen dollars, and over-
paid by seventy-six dollars if the interest be
computed at nine per cent., which the Presi-
dent has stated it to be in his message. That,
1 say, is the President's view, that the pay-
ment of interest at six per cent, in gold on
the nominal amount of the bond will pay both
principal and interest on the actual amount
which was loaned by the creditor. That is my
view of the President's position.
Mr. WARNER. That does not answer my
question. Does not the Senator understand
that the President proposes that the Govern-
ment shall never pay the bondholder any
money out of the Treasury ? Is not that the
proposition of the President?
Mr. VICKERS. The President's sugges-
tion is to pay him the interest for sixteen
years and eight months.
Mr. WARNEll. Does he propose ever to
pay the bondholder any money?
Mr. VICKERS. He proposes to pay him
inteiest on $100, double the sum which he
loaned to the Government, for sixteen years
and eight months. He does not propose to pay
the principal, because, as he states, the pay-
merit of this interest on double the actual
amount loaned will pay both principal and
interest of what the creditor loaned.
Mr. WARNER. Will the Senator answer
my question ? Under the President's plan
will the bondholder ever receive a dollar of
money out of the United States Treasury ?
Mr. VICKERS. He receives every six
months the interest in gold at six per cent, on
double the amount of the money he loaned.
That is what I understand as the President's
view of the subject in the message.
Mr. WARNER. Is that a payment to the
bondholder?
Mr. VICKERS. Certainly. Who else can
it be paid to? The Government owes the
bondholder. The Government gives hima
bond for $100 where the bondholder only paid
the Government fifty dollars; and then the
bondholder every six months gets interest
in gold, which is worth nearly nine per cent,
a year, not upon the£fty dollars, but upon the
$100; and if the calculation is made as I have
made it here, it will be seen that when you
reduce to practical operation the President's
view it will have paid and more than paid bot h
principal and interest of the money actually
loaned. But it is not the mode in which 1
desire to see the bondholder paid.
But, sir, I was going on to say that the Presi-
dent has been educated in the school of adver-
sity, in moral and political principles that liave
commanded the highest respect. No one could
have gone through the alphabet of office, grad-
ing from the lowest to the greatest by qualifi-
cations and merit, and taken the first honor in
the high est political school of his country among
thousands of competitors, unless he had the
will, the capacity, and the experience of a states-
man as well as the moral and intellectual stam-
ina of a man of honor and ability. Like all
public men he may have committed official
errors ; but 1 have yet to hear of a suspicion
of his personal integrity. In some respects he
has disappointed the views and expectations
of both political parties ; but this only vindi-
cates his independence and firmness. It is not
contended that he is infallible, butitisassnmed
that he is incorruptible and patriotic. No Presi-
dent has had to breast the storms of difficulty,
of embarrassment, and of I will not say perse-
cution, that has attended his administration.
He is the only one who has not had a party to
sustain him. He has passed through a fiery
ordeal unparalleled in the history of his coun-
try ; and the recorded verdict of the American
Senate, by the votes of those who differed po-
litically from him, but whose high sense of judi-
cial duty induced them to vote his acquittal,
will go down to posterity crowned with immortal
honor. I mean no reflection or disrespect, even
by implication, upon those who differed with
them upon that occasion ; but the magistrate
who has thus been in peril is not the one to
tarnish his own fame or the bright escutcheon
of the nation's faith.
I move, sir, to amend the resolution now
pending by adding to it:
But we do not condemn thesentiments of the Pres-
ident's message contained in the following words :
"The anomalous condition of our currency is in
striking contrast with that which was originally de-
signed. Our circulation now embraces, first, notes
of the national banks, which aremadereceivabio for
all dues to the Government, excluding imposts, and
by all its creditors, excepting in payment of interest
upon its bonds and the securities themselves; second,
legal-tender notes, issued bv the United States, and
which the law requires shall be received as welt in
payment of all debts between citizens as of all Gov-
ernment dues, excepting imposts: and third, gold
and silver coin. By the operation of our present
system of finance, however, the metallic currency,
when collected, is reserved only for one class of Gov-
ernment creditors, who, holding its bonds, semi-
annually receive their interest in coin from the
national Treasury. There is noroason which will be
accepted as satisfactory by the people why those who
defend us on the land and protect us on the sea; the
pensioner upon the gratitude of the nation, bearing
the scars and wounds received while in its service;
the public servants in the various depaitmeuts of thes
, Government; the farmer who supplies the soldiers
! of the Army and thesailorsof tho Navy; the artisan
| who toils in the nation's workshops, or the mechanics
1 and laborers who build its edifices and construct its
} forts and vessels of war, should, in payment of their
1 just and hard-earned dues, receive depreciated paper,
j while another clues of their countrymen, no more
J deserving, are paid in coin of gold and silver. Equal
and esaet justice requires that all the creditors of
1 the Government should be paid in a currency j>os-
sessing a uniform value. This can only be accom-
plished by the restoration of the currency to 'no
standard established by the Constitution; and by
this means we would remove a discrimination which
may, if it has not already done so, create a prejudice
that may become deep-rooted and wide-spread, and
imperil the national credit."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. VICKERS. I now offer this amend-
ment. To add to the resolution :
But we approve that portion of the said message
which is contained in the following words;
" It is unreasonable to expect a return to a sound
currency so long as the Government and banks, by
continuing to issue irredeemable notes, fill the chan-
nels of circulation with depreciated paper. Not-
withstanding a coinage by our mints, since 1849, of
$874,000,000. the people are now strangers to the cur-
rency which was designed for their use and benefit,
and specimens of the precious metals bearing tho
national device are seldom seen, except when pro-
duced to gratify the inteiebt excited by their novelty.
If depreciated paper is to be continued as the per-
manent currency of the country, and ail our com is
to become a mere article of traffic and. speculation,
to the enhancement in prieeof all that is indispensa-
ble to the comfort of the people, it would be wise
economy to abolish our mints, thus saving the nation
the care and expense incident to such establish-
ments, and let all our precious metals be exported m
bullion. The time has come, however,when the Gov-
ernment and national banks should be required to
take the most efficient steps and make all necessary
arrangements for a resumption of specie payments.
Let specie payments once be earnestly inaugurated
by the Government and banks, and the value of the
paper circulation would directly approximate a spe-
cie standard."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CATTELL. I rise to say that I am
dying to make a speech on this subject. It has
not, 1 apprehend, been sufficiently discussed ;
but still, having some regard for the comfort of
members and the approach of the dinner hour,
I do not propose to say a word except to call
for the yeas and nays on the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 43, nays 6 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony,Cameron,Cattell,
Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Dixon,
Edmunds Ferry, Fessenden. Frelinghuysen. Grimes,
Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Ilowe, Kellogg,
Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Porn-
eroy, Ramsey, Rice Robertson, Ross,Sawver, Sher-
man, Spencer, Stewart. Sumner. Thayer, Van Win-
kle, Wade, Warner, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and
Y ates—43.
NAYS —Messrs. Davis, McCreerv. Patterson of
Tennessee.Saulsbury, Viekers, and Whyte—6.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard. Buekalew. Conness,
Doolittle, Drake, Fowler, Hendricks, McDonald,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norton, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Pool, Sprague, Tipton, Trumbull, and
Welch—17.
So the resolution was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of the
United States, communicating a report of the
Secretary of State, in answer to the resolution of
the Senateofthe 8th instant, callingfor inform-
ation concerning recent transactions in the
region of the La Plata affecting the political
relations of the United States with Paraguay,
the Argentine republic, Uruguay, aud Brazil.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that those papers
belaid on the table, and printed for the use of
the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That seems to be a large
document.
Mr. SUMNER. I know it is a large docu-
ment ; but then the call was made expressly to
obtain the information-.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Massachusetts has examined the papers and
thinks it necessary to print them, I have
nothing to say.
Mr. SUMNER. I have looked at them suf-
ficiently to say that it is difficult for any one, or
at least for myself, to make discrimination
among the papers. It is a consecutive series,
historical in its nature, relating to events which
have occupied so much attention in the papers
lately.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER 01' BUSINESS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate joint
