1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Celeatia P. Hartt, widow
of the late naval constructor, Samuel T. Hartt,
the sum of $3,000, in full and complete com-
pensation and satisfaction for the use of a gun-
elevating screw invented by Samuel T. Hartt,
and which has been used on the iron gun-car-
riages of the United States Navy.
. Mr. DRAKE. I ask that the report con-
nected with that bill be read.
Mr. GRIMES. That is not necessary unless
there is an objection to it.
Mr. DRAKE. I will not ask that it be read
unless some one wishes to hear it.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope this bill will not
pass. It is one of a class of bills which, I am
sure, will not receive the sanction of the Sen-
ate. Here is an officer who lived a long life
in the service of his country. By some means
he secured the use by the Government of what
he called an invention ; and now we are called
upon to pay to his representatives $3,000 for
this screw-elevator to elevate or depress can-
non on board ships which it was his duty to
furnish. I think it is pretty well understood
in the Senate that all these compensations to
officexs of the Army or Navy for what they
call inventions to be used in their own depart-
ments ought not to be allowed. I trust the bill
will not pass. It is such a bill as every now
and then is brought here when Senators are
not thinking of what is before them, and it
makes a precedent for the voting away of hun-
dreds and thousands of dollars in the future.
There is no reason at all why a man educated
by the Government, paid during his whole life
for his services by the Government, should re-
ceive extra compensation for a poriion of that
information which he derives while in the em-
ployment of the Government. It is all wrong ;
and I hope the bill will not pass.
Mr. DRAKE. The honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania, I think, has given to the Senate
a very incorrect idea of the character of this
bill. I will ask, as long as the matter is dis-
puted, that the report of the committee in favor
of the bill be read to the Senate.
The Chief Clerk read the following report
submitted by Mr. Drake, from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, on the 4th instant:
Tho Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 836) for the relief ofCelestiaP.
Hartt, have had the same under consideration, and
after examining the papers connected therewith beg
leave to report:
It appears by the papers that Cclestia P. Hartt is
the widow of Samuel X. Hartt, deceased, late a naval
constructor at the Norfolk navy-yard; that in 1854
the said Samuel T. Hartt invented a gun screw-elc-
vator, known as "Hartt's screw-elevator," which
was and still is adopted and used by the Government;
that during his lifetime Mr. Hartt, being in the Gov-
ernment employ, forbore to ask any compensation
for the use of his invention, or to apply for a patent
therefor; that he died, leaving his said widow and
four children with very limited means of support;
and she asks from the Government some compensa-
tion for the use by the Government of her husband's
invention.
The value of that invention to the Government is
shown very clearly in the papers submitted to the
committee.
Naval Constructor J. Hanscom, at the Norfolk
navy-yard, say?.:
"The invention, lean say from personal knowl-
edge, is of great value to the Government, and is
now used on all largo naval ordnance; and rather
than be deprived of its use I have no doubt the Gov-
ernment would not hesitate to recommend its pur-
chase for ten or even twenty thousand dollars."
Admiral Farragutsays:
"lam thoroughly acquainted with the invention
of the elevating screw for great guns by Samuel Hartt,
and have had ample opportunities of testing its mer-
its. I consider it the bestelevating screw for certain
guns we have in the service/'
The late Rear Admiral A. II. Poote says, in a let-
ter to Mrs. Hartt:
" This screw was placed on board the United States
ship Portsmouth during my cruise iu the East Indies
and the China sea. I am happy to be able to state,
as a matter of simple justice, that the Hartt screw-
elevator answered the purpose in*,ended most admir-
ably during our cruise. It had the severest of tests,
in the discharge of seven hundred guns loaded with
shells, in our light with the Canton 'Barrier Forts;'
and I was so much pleased with it, as a substitute
for the old and awkward quoin, that I referred spe-
cially to it in my official report of the engagement,
in these words: 'I am happy to add that the new
elevating screws of Constructor Hartt, with which
her guns are fitted, stood the severe test of the heavy !
firing during the several actions to my entire satis-
faction/ I trust that you may soon succeed in ob-
taining some material aid from the Government for
the valuable screw introduced into the service by
your late noble-hearted and highly-gifted husband."
The chief of the Bureau of Ordnance of the Navy
Department, in a letter addressed to the Secretary
of the Navy, said:
"Tho bureau believes that Mr. Hartt never re-
ceived any compensation whatever for this inven-
tion; and as the screw has been and is now being
used by the Government, it recommends the claim
of Mr. Hartt to the favorable consideration of tho
Department/'
In view of these evidences the committee are of
opinion that simple j ustico i equires that the Govern-
ment should not avail itself of the benefits flowing
from the use of this invention without making com-
pensation therefor, particularly as the death of the
inventor prevented his resorting to the only method
—theobtainment of a patent—whereby hecould have
madethe invention valuable to himself. Theythere-
fore ask leave to reportbackthe bill without amend-
ment, and recommend its passage.
Mr. DRAKE. The reading of this report
will have disclosed to the Senate the very in-
correct view of the matter taken by the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania. This individual was
not an officer of the Government at all. He
was a naval constructor, a person in the em-
ploy of the Government, but not an officer of
the Government; much less was he one who
had been, as the Senator from Pennsylvania
says, supported by the Government during a
long life, and now his family come in to get
money out of the Government for his skill.
The fact is that he was simply a naval con-
structor; that he died, leaving a young wife
and four children, and that the Government 13
now using throughout the naval service a gun-
elevating screw of his invention, the equal of
which has never before been known in gun-
nery. He died without obtaining anj' patent
for his invention. He died without any com-
pensation from the Government for his inven-
tion. It is now simply asked that his widow
and children shall receive some little compen-
sation from the Government for that invention,
which the Government has availed itself of,
and which came from him.
I trust, Mr. President, that there will be jus-
tice done in this case to these parties. I say
that even if he were an officer of the Govern-
ment, the Government, by giving him the sal-
ary of the office, does not get a title to all of
his genius and ingenuity: it gets a title merely
to the performance of the duties of his office;
but this is not that case. Here is a man casu-
ally in the employ of the Government as a
naval constructor, who invents that which is of
incalculable value to the Government, vouched
for by the highest officers of the Navy and ap-
proved by the Navy Department, and all that
is asked is the little pittance of $3,000 for the
use of this invention, for which, if he had
obtained a patent, the Government would have
given him §20,000 without any hesitation.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I am glad
to find by the argument of the Senator from
Missouri that he has strengthened the position
1 took. He says that a naval constructor is
not an officer, but a mere skilled man in ship-
building employed casually by the Govern-
ment. He is partly right, but not altogether so.
The office of naval constructor is an office
established by law. He is the head of the con-
struction department of the Government, and
he is employed because of his skill, or his sup-
posed skill, iu shipbuilding. Then we have
employed him, not only to build a ship, but to
make any and everything belonging to a ship.
A part of his duty is to have the guns well
mounted, and to have the best preparations and
the best machinery for elevating and depress-
| ing them.
| I have no doubt if you look back to the
; archives of the Government you will tiud that
he was recommended for this placc—which is
sought by almost, everybody of skill in ship-
building—because of his supposed peculiar
skill as a naval constructor: and we paid him
a compensation which the Government and
the country thought not only sufficient but
more than sufficient—a large compensation on
account of his skill; and now that he is dead
his heirs coaie here and ask for an exorbitant
compensation for some supposed improvement
he na'ade in something connected with a ship.
As well might they come afterward and say
that some particular ship built under his direc-
tion was better than any other ship that had
been built before, and that we ought to pay
him for the manner in which the masts were
constructed, or the manner in which the keel
was laid; and so y.ou might go through the
whole vessel, giving him compensation for
something which he did better while he was
in office.than his predecessor had done.
Why, sir, we have paid hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars for patents taken out by men
in office, all of which was wrong. You might
just as well say that if you employed a man to
build your house, and he happened to build a
chimney a little better than somebody had done
before, notwithstanding you paid him a high
price for building the house he must be paid
extra for some supposed improvement he had
made in building that particular chimney. So
of the ventilation, and so of everything else
connected with a building. It is all wrong,
though it arises from the best impulses of the
human heart. Here is the Naval Committee,
with a kind and generous man at the head of
it, who is unwilling to suffer anybody to ask
a favor that he can grant and refuse it. So it
is with this good man representing the State of
Missouri; he cannot say "no" to a lady, and
especially if that lady be a widow. [Laughter.]
But, sir, we have duties to perform here which
are above our sympathy. We have got to do
right regardless of whom it may affect.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, this bill
ought to pass. I have examined it, and I think
the only thing that prevented the Committee
on Naval Affairs from increasing the amount
named in the bill was that it would be neces-
sary to go back to the House of Representa-
tives, and it might be lost. We all thought that
the benefit which the Government had derived
from this invention amounted in value every
year to very much more than the sum appro-
priated in this bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I am certainly indebted to
the Senator from Pennsylvania for his kind
compliments, although I think that I deserve
them all. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMERON. Of course. _
Mr. GRIMES. I agree with him as to the
general principle that an officer in the employ
of the Government ought to bestow upon the
Government his undivided services; but I
think that this bill does not come within that
rule, and this, let me tell the Senator, is the
first case where I have ever consented to re-
port such a bill to the Senate favorably.
Mr. CAMERON. I thought it was strange
that you agreed to this. [Laughter.]
Mr. GRIMES. I did agree to it. Let me
say also to the Senator that a naval constructor
is not an ordnance officer. A naval constructor
is employed as a ship-carpenter to construct
ships. An ordnance officers business is to
take care of the ordnance, keep it in perfec-
tion, and to furnish it with the means of ele-
vating it and depressing it, as he has already
stated. This man Hartt, while in the perform-
ance of his duties at the Norfolk navy-yard,
conceived the idea of a new kind of elevator,
such as had never b,een used in oar own or any
other Navy, by which to elevate and depress the
breech ofagun. Up to that time it had always
been elevated by very inartificial and awkward
ii blocks, if I may be permitted to use an unpro-
j fessional phrase here. The sloop-of-war Ports-
mouth was about being fitted out at the Nor-
| folk navy-yard, and was going to the Asiatic
! squadron in the Chinese seas under the com-
1 mand of the late lamented Rear Admiral Foote.
i: He thought favorably of this plan devised by
Mr. Hartt, and at his instance the Secretary
I of the Navy allowed the guns of that vessel to
|j be fitted out in this particular way. She sailed
Ii for China, and, as is stated in the report that
;[ was read at the instance of the Senator from
ij Missouri, she engaged in a conflict with the
II Canton Barrier forts, where the guns had a feir
i! opportunity of being tested with this experi-
