1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1633
It is simply a pledge on the part of the Gov-
ernment that these bonds when they are paid
shall be paid in gold or its equivalent, and that
pledge is accompanied by another that the
Treasury notes shall also be paid in gold; so
that all the obligations of the Government,
without any distinction, shall be so paid. No
preference is given to the bondholders by this
bill, none given to those who hold Treasury
notes of the Government; but here is a solemn
pledge of this nation made at this time, to be
noticed by the whole world, that the Govern-
ment of the United States will redeem all its
promises without distinction in the money that
is recognized as such by the world. This is
the promise that is made, and this is all there
is of it.
Now, sir, as to the second section, it is not
precisely in the form that I should desire to
have it, but it was impossible to agree unless
this second section was incorporated in the
rejjort as it was adopted by the House; and as
itig a piece of legislation which contains no
pledge or promise whatever to anybody it may,
IFTt isfoundtobe bad in operation, be changed,
by subsequent legislation. If this provision as
to gold contracts is not satisfactory to the peo-
ple, if it is found to be defective in any way,
the section does not estop Congress at its next
session, or at any future time, from passing a
law that will change it and make it conform to
the necessities and circumstances of the coun-
try.
I do not wish to consume the valuable time
of the Senate, but I wish simply to say, as a
member of the committee making this report,
that it seems to me that in its adoption we
accomplish a great good, we vindicate the !
honor and integrity of the country, and we j
declare that the people, whoever they may be j
or wherever they may be, who talk of repudi- '
ating the public debt of these United States and !
bringing everlasting shame and dishonor upon !
the faith ot this nation, find no sympathy in !
this Congress, but that we will stand by the
faith and the honor of the nation. j
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I desire in the \
fewest possible words to express my disap- 1
proval of the report of the conference com- ,
mittee and of the principles contained in the ;
bill as it has been amended. My friend, the '<
Senator from Oregon, expressed the real object '
of the bill—that it was lor the benefit of the
foreign bondholders, the bankers of Europe. 1
_ Mr.WILLIAMS. I made no such expres-
sion, if the Senator attributes anysueh remark
to me. i
Mr. COLE. I refer to the Senator from
Oregon nearest me, [Mr. Corbett.] i
Mr. CORBET l\ I stated that it was alleged '
that it was for the benefit of them. J
Mr. COLE. I understand from the Senator i
that such was the object, to insure them pay-
ment in coin lor that which cost them green- :
backs at a very low figure. It seems I did not i
misunderstand the Senator at all. One pro- '
vision incorporated in the bill by the confer-
ence committee is this:
^le p^Hed States also solemnly pledges its
lauu o mate provision at the earliest practicable
t>ouou tor the redemption of the United States notes
m com.
f ^.s^ou^d like to ask the Senator from Oregon
farthest from me [Mr.Williams] or the chair-
man of the Finance Committee when they ex-
pect that period will arrive after this sort of
legislation? If we declare our debt to be all
co™ 'n co'ni making it instead of a debt of
,)aA ' O^Oj ooo, equivalent to some $3,800,000,-
00, as we ordinarily estimate money, when
under such legislation do they expect this sol-
emn p]ecjge that they are now about to make
■«i l be redeemed ? Not in our time, I fear.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
innorable Senator from the State of California,
'e laud of gold, where they make and pay all
; en-contracts in gold, if he is in favorof pay-
ng the public debt of the United States in its
epreciated promises or whether he is in favor
°t paying the debt in money ?
Mr. COLE. I can answer the gentleman in
a moment. I am in favor of paying the debt
of the United States according to the contract
under which it was incurred, nothing more and
nothing less. If when this debt falls due, the
United States are paying their debts in coin,
their current and ordinary obligations, then
these bonds will bepaid in coin ; but if theyfall
due before that time, let me ask the Senator
from Oregon if he would obtain gold by the
sale of other bonds for the purpose of paying
these, and thus increase the bonded indebted-
ness of the country 1 W hen, under such legis-
lation, does he expect that the country will get
out of its bonded indebtedness? It certainly
wilI_not be during this century or the next. i
Mr. President, this is entitled "A bill to j
strengthen the public credit.'' It will, in my I
judgment, be a step directly against the pub- j
lie credit, and have a tendency to destroy the j
public credit. So far as the second section is !
concerned, which relates to contracts made i
payable in coin, it is intended to restrict, par-' I
tially nullify, a decision of the Supreme Court |
lately made upon that subject. That decision j
authorizes the enforcement of contracts made I.
specifically payable in coin. This section of
the bill is intended, in my judgment, to restrict
the operation of that decision of the Supreme
Couit, and I am equally opposed to that as to
the first section.
Mr. NORTON. Mr. President, I presume
I am as reluctant as any one to consume the '
valuable time of the Senate, but I think that i
the remaining twenty or twenty-four hours of !
this Congress cannot be devoted more profit- \
ablv to the interests of the country than in the
discussion of the report of this committee of ;
conference. _ It would be far better for the :
people of this country, for the men who pay 1
the expenses and taxes of the Government, if i
the residue of the time of this session of Con- j
gress were spent in the discussion of this re- i
port. It would be better that the appropria- j
tion bills yet to be considered should all fail j
than that a bill which commits the Congress \
and the Government of the United States, as >
this does, to the bondholders, that commits :
the labor of the country into the hands of the
capital of the country, as this does, should •
become a law.
In my judgment this controversy which has
been opened for a year or tv>o years between
the capital and the holders of the public debt
of the country on the one side and the tax-
payers of the country on the other is now I their resources or their ability to discharge
committee is substantially the resolution intro-
duced in December last, and what is it?
That none of s lid intero-t-bearing obligations
not already due shall be redeemed or paid before
maturity, unless at such time United States notes
shall be converted into coin at the option of the
holder.
And what does that mean ? It means that
the Congress of the United States pledges the
faith of the Government to the men who hold
the bonds that it will not pay one of these five-
twenty bonds until the greenbacks, the lawful
money in which the bonds may now be paid,
shall bepaid in coin ; and, as the Senator from
California suggested, how long will that be ?
How long will it be, when the indebtedness of
the Government is raised from $2,500,000,000
to $3,300,000,000, until they pay these bonds
m coin ?
Sir, the effect of if. is to make the debt per-
manent and to fix upon this country the per-
manency of the public debt which the holders
of these bonds say is a public blessing; or the
other alternative is, ''unless at such time
bonds of the United States bearing a lower
rate of interest than the bonds to be redeemed
can be sold at.par in coin." That is the fund-
ing proposition over again. Either alternative
brings permanency of the public debt. It will
become permanent if we increase the debt to
the amount that it will be increased by under-
taking to pay it in coin or if we fund it at a
lower rate of interest. The chairman of the
Committee on Finance says it is at the option
of the bondholders ; if they do not care to fund
let them hold the bouds forever, or if they
choose let them accept a new bond at a lower
rate of interest.
The objection that I have to this funding
proposition is that the bondholders will accept
it. They will agree to take a bond running
forty or fifty years at a lower rate of interest
rather than to have one that is now due and
may be paid at the pleasure of the Govern-
ment or that runs a shorter period. I do not
say thai it looks anything like repudiation if
the bondholders agree to take it; but I object
in the name of the people who pay the taxes
to this proposition that the bondholders will
accept it, and thus for forty or fifty years or
whatever time you fix the debt becomes per-
manent. Sir, what does a permanent public
debt mean? It means nothing but taxation;
it means a permanent burden upon the people
of the country ; that no matter what may be
coming to a point. On the 16th day of Decem-
ber last the chairman of the Committee on
Finance brought into the Senate a proposition
in the form of a resolution which committed
the Government to the payment in coin of
these five-twenty bonds, or practically had that
effect. That resolution, as proposed, I will
read:
That neither public policy nor the good faith of
the nation will allow the redemption of the five-
twenty bonds until the United States shall perform
its primary duty of paying- its notes in coin or
making them equivalent tnereto; and measures*
should be adopted by Congress to secure the resump-
tion of specie payments at as early a period as prac-
ticable.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to say to my
friend from Minnesota that that is the exact
substance, only in condensed form, of the
present proposition.
Mr. NOIITON. I am aware of the fact that
that is the substance of this proposition. On
the 10th day of December last the chairman
of the Committee on Finance brought that
resolution into this body, and from that day to
this it has never been moved, nor has this body
been asked to consider it, and why ? Because
it was an evasion of the doctrines that the
chairman of the Committee on Finance held
in regard to the payment of the five-twenties; it
was an evasion of the position that was claimed
during the canvass last fall as to the legitimate
construction of the Chicago platform, and all
of it tending to the point that the public debt j
should either be made permanent or should i
not. be paid until it was paid in coin. j
Now, the proposition that isreported by this i
the debt they are to be at the mercy of the
: holders of the bonds, and they cannot pay a
j dollar of it until the men who hold the bonds
are willing to receive it. Why, sir, under the
j funding bill that passed at the last session, if
!; it were a law, we might be able to discharge
■J every dollar of that debt, and yet we could not
|[ pay a cent of it for forty long years, and for
!i that length of time the people would have to
ji bear the burden of that debt imposed upon
;! them.
11 My objection to this proposition is that it
looks to and inevitably brings about a perma-
nency of the public debt. What is the inter-
est of the Government in regard to the public
debt ? It is that it should be in the control of
the Government. The Government, acting for
and representing the people, should have the
debt in their control, and when they were able
to pay it they should be permitted to do it.
The interest of the bondholders is that it should
be in their control, and that the Government
should not pay any of it until they are willing
to receive it, and in the mean time the people
bear the burdens in the shape of taxation.
Then this proposition brings to an actual
issue, as I think, the interest of the people who
pay the taxes and the interest of the men who
hold the public debt and pay comparatively
none of the taxes : and because I see in it a
question between the men who hold the debt,
and the people who pay the taxes, and because
I believe that Cotigiess should look to the
interests of the people quite a5 much as to tuo
interests oftho bondholders, 1 believe the resi-
due of this session of Congress cannot be more
