1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
merit, and, as he certifies in that report, with
very great success. Shortly after this time,
and I think before the report made by Captain
Foote in regard to the success of this machine,
Mr. Hartt died, leaving a widow and four help-
less orphan children. Now she comes to us.
She took out no letters-patent, nor did Hartt
in his lifetime.
Finding that that was a success, that the
guns were greatly improved, and that this
screw absolutely became necessary, we have
been introducing it into our ships and,usingit
with all our guns. Now the widow comes to
us and says that she is entitled to some com-
pensation for the use of her husband's method
of elevating and depressing guns, and the
Naval Committee have agreed with her in that.
I hope the Senator from Pennsylvania, after
hearing this statement, will agree to let the bill
pass.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. Let the bill be read. I
want to see whether she can have a patent
hereafter.
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
" * " ■executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of War,
transmitting extracts of a communication from
the Lieutenant General of the Atmy concerning
the administration of the affairs of the Sioux
Indians upon the reservation lately set apart
for them by General Harney, in charge of the
reservation; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the-Senate a letter from
the Secretary of War, communicating a list of
contracts made by officers of the corps of en-
gineers and others on engineer duty during the
year 1868; which was referred to the Commit-
tee oh Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
denver pacib'ic railway.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 871, to transfer the lands granted to
the Union Pacific Railway Company, eastern
division. It is for the purpose of enabling the
Denver branch road that runs from Denver to
tho Union Pacific railroad proper, at Chey-
p?"e.' t0- f°nn a connection with the eastern
division.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
Senator will not persist in asking to have such
a bill as that taken up now. There are but
fifteen minutes before, by a vote of the Senate,
we are to take a recess, and it manifestly can-
not be explained so as to receive the vote of a
majority of the Senate in that time.
Mr. HOWARD. I think very little explan-
ation wiil be necessary, if any.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to take the bill up, as
another measure is pending.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It cannot be
passed in this time.
Mr. HOWARD. It grants no land and no
money. I hope there will be no objection.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of tho Whole, proceeded to con-
sider. tiie bill (S. No. 871) to authorize the
transferof lands granted to the Union Pacific
Railway Company, eastern division, between
Denver and tho point of its connection with
the Union Pacific railroad, to the Denver
Pacific Railway and Telegraph Company, and
to expedite the completion of railroads to Den-
ver, in the Territory of Colorado. The bill
proposes to authorize the Union Pacific Rail-
w^y Company, eastern division, to contract
with the Deuyer Paeific Railway and Telegraph
Company, a corporation existing under the
iaws ot the ierritory of Colorado, for the con-
struction, operation, and maintenance of that
part of its line of railroad and telegraph be-
tween Denver Citv and its point of connection
with the Union Pacific railroad, which point
snail be at Cheyenne; and to adopt the road-
bed already graded by the Denver Pacific Rail-
way and Telegraph Company as the line, and
to grant to the Denver Pacific Railway and
Telegraph Company the perpetual use of its
right of way and depot grounds, and to trans-
fer to it all the rights and privileges, subject
to all the obligations pertaining to that part of
its line.
The Union Pacific Railway Company, east-
ern division, is to extend its railroad and tele-
graph to a connection at the city of Denver, so
as to form with that part of its line herein
authorized to be constructed, operated, and
maintained by the Denver Pacific Railway and
Telegraph Company, a continuous line of rail-
road and telegraph from Kansas City, by way
of Denver, to Cheyenne. All the provisions
of law for the operation of the Union Pacific
railroad, its branches and connections, as a
continuous line, without discrimination, are to
apply the same as if the road from Denver to
Cheyenne had been constructed by the Union
Pacific Railway Company, eastern division;
but nothing herein is to authorize the eastern
division company to operate the road or fix the
rates of tariff for the Denver Pacific Railway
and Telegraph Company.
The companies may mortgage their respective
portions of the road for an amount not exceed-
ing $32,000 per mile to enable them respectively
to borrow money to construct the same ; and
each of the companies is to receive patents to
the alternate sections of land along their re-
spective lines of road, as defined in the bill,
in like manner and within the same limits as
is provided by law in the case of lands granted
to the Union Pacific Railway Company, eastern
division ; but neither of the companies named
is to be entitled to subsidy in United States
bonds under the provisions of the act.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust that bill will be
laid over until to-morrow. It is an important
bill, and I should like to look at it and learn
something about it. -
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the bill be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope not.
Mr. HARLAN. This bill does not grant an
additional acre of land nor a single dollar of
bonds nor anything else. It enables two com-
panies to arrange forthe construction of a line.
That is all there is in the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. It appropriates neither
land nor money.
Mr. CAMERON. I never doubt a word
said by either of these Senators, but I should
like to look at it. I know there are some
schemes—-
Mr. HOWARD. This is no scheme at all.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not say there is a
scheme in this, but there are some schemes
coming from my own State about railroads
which I am very much afraid of. I should like
to look into it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope this bill will go
over. I know the bill is all right, but Senators
ought to have a right to look into it. It is a
matter of public importance.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
importation of machinery.
Mr. Thateii obtained the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
call up a bill reported from the Committee on
Finance unanimously—House bill No. 145G—
to which I think there will be no objection.
Mr. THAYER. Will it lead to any debate?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No debate.
Mr. THAYER. I will not object.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1450) to authorize
the importation, of machinery for repair only
free of duty. It provides that machinery for
repair may be imported into the United States
without payment of duty, under bond to be
given in double tho appraised value thereof to
be withdrawn and exported after the machin-
ery shall have been repaired ; and the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is to prescribe such rules
and regulations as may be necessary to pro-
tect the revenue against fraud and secure the
identity and character of all such importations
when again withdrawn and exported, restrict-
ing and limiting the export and withdrawal to
the same port of entry where imported, and
also limiting all bonds to a period of time of
not more than six months from the date of
importation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If anybody
desires any explanation I can give it.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to hear a
word of explanation about this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is similar
in character to the existing law in relation to
the importation of railroad iron to be rerolled
and taken out of the United States again.
This bill provides that machinery may be in-
troduced in the United States and repaired,
the party giving bonds for its reexportation
out of the country again ; and it is intended to
apply to cases such as I will state. Some of
the companies whose railroads connect this
country with the Canadian dominion find it con-
venient to have Canadian locomotives brought
over on this side and repaired and returned
again. It is also desired in relation to machines
ussd in the manufacture of sugar, crushing
mills, thatgo to the West India islands. These
are nearly all made in this country, at Balti-
more, at Philadelphia, at New York, and at
Boston; and it is to give the privilege to have
these brought back again to the places where
they were originally manufactured to be re-
paired and then returned.
Mr. POMEROY. My attention, has been
called to this building of railroad machinery
over in Canada, which is then brought here
because they can build cheaper than here. It
is then brought over here under pretense of
repairing and kept here to work.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, sir. There
are bonds given in twice the amount that they
shall be reexported—the same identical arti-
cles.
Mr. POMEROY. Is there anything to pre-
vent their being used in this country after they
are repaired ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. They must be
returned within six months. It is carefully
guarded.
Mr. POMEROY. They have only to run
them back and then come back and renew the
bond. That is all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think if the
Senator from Kansas had listened to the bill he
would have seen that it is as carefully guarded
as can be. It is all to be done under, regula-
tions and rules proscribed by the Secretary of
the Treasury, so that no fraud can possibly be
committed.
Mr. POMEROY. Laborers in Canada under
their system can be employed there and build
machinery cheaper than we can do it. I do not
intend to discriminate against our labor by
abolishing the tariff on that kind of production,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think I am
as anxious as the Senator from Kansas to pro-
tect American labor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If they build cheaper
they can repair cheaper, can thev not?
Mr. POMEROY. I do not kilow.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to amend by adding
'• and arms" after "machinery."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should not
object to that, but this is a House bill, and it
has been carefully considered, and I trust it
will be suffered to pass in the form it is. If
it should be amended it must go back to the
House of Representatives. I trust it will be
allowed to pass.
Mr. POMEROY. This is bad enough with-
out including arms.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to know whether
the object is this: that we can repair machinery
here better or cheaper than they can there?
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is because,
it can be done better here.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am astonished that any
one should object to this bill, because all it
does is to allow people an opportunity to bring
machinery here for repair and to give our
