1834
fHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
profitably spent thaii in discussing this very
measure. It would be far better for the interests
of the country that all the appropriation bills
should fail than that this proposition should
pass. The Senator from Oregon talked about
this Congress pledging the faith of the nation
and that nothing of repudiation should be
heard of. Sir, when this Congress pledges the
faith of the nation to pay the five-twenties in
coin they repudiate the interests of the peo-
ple and impose upon them burdens that they
ought not to be required to bear.
1 know it is said that the men who took these
bonds under the requirements of the Govern-
ment for money deserve some credit; that they
were as meritorious as were those who went into
the armies and fought the battles of the Gov-
ernment during the recent war. They may
have some merit, but. sir, their merit was the
merit of doing that which it was tbeir interest
to do. As has been said, the currency of the
country was depreciated in order to make it
more to their interest to take these bonds, and
now when they come to be paid you appreciate
it and make the payment that they receive
larger. I think the whole policy of the Gov-
ernment on that subject was wrong. Sir, I
believe if there was anyinterest in this country
that was especially interested in the successful
prosecution of the war and the suppression of
the rebellion it was the capital of the country.
If there was any class of men who ought to feel
more interest in the stake than another it was
the capitalists of the country. If it had been
possible the Government should have com-
pelled the money of the country to contribute
its share and its proportion of the burdens of
the war, just as it compelled thelaboring classes
to contribute their services and their lives in
its defense. I do not see, therefore, that the
merit of this class is so great in that regard.
I believe I have said all that I care to say on
this subject. My desire was to call the atten-
tion of the Senate and the country to the fact
that the issue is now made between the holders
of the Government debt and the people who
pay the taxes. The bondholders, looking after
their own interest, want some legislation that
will give permanency to the public debt; while
the interest of the people is that the debt
should be kept so far as it can within the con-
trol of the Government, that they may pay it
just as fast as they are able to do so. Between
these two what should Congress do? Between
the laborers and the tax-payers of the country
on the one hand and the bondholders on the
other what should Congress do? Certainly,
in view of their professions of patriotism and
interest in the prosperity and welfare and faith
and credit of the Government, they ought to
have some regard for the men who bear the
burden, at least as much as they affect to have
for those who hold the obligations of the Gov-
ernment.
_ Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, I do not
rise to discuss this report of the committee,
but simply to appeal to the Senate to let us
have a vote or to lay aside the subject. AVe are
in the waning hours of the session with two
more appropriation bills undisposed of; and
yet we discuss these questions hour after hour.
Do Senators suppose that they can influence
the minds of other Senators now and make
votes for or against tbeir peculiar views? I do
not think they can ; and I appeal again to the
Senate to let us vote on this subject or lay it
aside and dispose of the necessary legislation
of the session.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It was not nor is it now
my intention to discuss the details of this bill.
My protest in the beginning was launched
against this, that its effect was to enhance the
value of capital in this country and the cost of
capital to the people of this country when, as
now, it is so high that there is not an industry
within the reach of my vision that can afford
to employ it.
Mr. B (J CKALEW. I have but a remark to
make in consequence of what has been said.
I remember at the last session of Congress, at
the closing hours of the session, the Senator
from Ohio brought in a report'from a commit-
tee of conference, very much as he does now,
upon the subject of the public debt. It was a
proposition to renew the five-twenty bonds and
make them permanent; to make them a thirty
or forty years' loan at a reduced rate of inter-
est, and there were some other conditions, and
we were hurried to a vote without discussion.
Then the same reason prevailed which is now
urged upon us for an immediate decision of
this report. We were told that there was not
time to examine the subject; there was not
time for debate. That report was adopted.
So far as Congress was concerned the forms of
enacting it into a law were passed through, but
the bill was not signed by the President and
no result was produced.
Now, sir, observe the spectacle presented.
Although the bill was passed through in that
manner without debate in the closing hours of
the session, under the allegation that it was-
important to the public interests that such a
measure should be enacted here in this new
session of Congress, commencing in December
last, now ending in March, that measure has
not been renewed, it has not received the ap-
proval of Congress at this session^ and we are to
adjourn without having placed upon the statute-
book any such measure, without having even
gone through the forms of passing it through
the two Houses of Congress. This may admon-
ishes of the impropriety of pressing this meas-
ure now reported by the committee of confer-
ence through the Senate without consideration,
without debate.
The second branch of the bill, as reported
back to us in relation to coin contracts, we all
understand is unnecessary. We all understand
that the Supreme Court has made a decision
recently that obviates all necessity of providing
by law that c<jin contracts shall be enforced.
It is unnecessary to invoke the law-making
power now to render such contracts valid.
But, sir, not only is this part of the measure
unnecessary, in my opinion it is evil and per-
nicious so far as it has any effect. It makes
provisions which will complicate this question
of coin contracts. It will render it more diffi-
cult to enforce those which should be enforced.
It will exclude from enforcement, if it have
any effect at all, certain contracts which with-
out its enactment would be enforced by the
courts. In other words, it will complicate this
question of coin contracts, which can be acted
upon, which can be carriedinto operationmuch
better by the courts if left alone.
The other measure, pledging the faith of the
Governmenttopaythe public debt in a certain
manner, both the bonded debt and the green-
backs, in my judgment, for the reasons which
have already been stated, ought not to be ap-
proved. As a matter of course it is impossible
for gentlemen rising under the circumstances
here to discuss the report of the committee of
conference intelligently : at all events, to dis-
cuss it fully. We have not an opportunity of
examining this measure. It is not even in print.
We must take a glance at it and form our con-
clusions as we best can.
There is another consideration. A member
of the committee of conference has informed
us that this report did not receive the concur-
rence of all the members of the committee of
conference representing the two Houses, and
that the result was arrived at by the course
which he thought proper to pursue, voting with
one class of members upon one question and
with another class upon other questions; so
that a majority could thus be secured for several
propositions without obtaiuing for the whole
of them the assent of the same minds. This
shows the impropriety of legislating in this
manner, legislating through the action of a com-
mittee of conference. Here we must take what
the committee report to us in gross. It is im-
possible to discriminate between the different
matters contained in this report and select those
which we may approve and to reject those which
we disapprove. We must take the report en-
tire; and it is a report sent to us from a com-
mittee of conference which was not itself in
point of fact agreed upon the several matters
which it contains. However, I will not delay
the Senate by further observations on this
subject.
Mr. BAYARD. This bill reminds me of
Hamlet's comment upon the professions of the
player queen when she was about to poison her
husband:
"The lady doth protest too much, methinks."
The object of the bill is stated to be, in the
title, "to strengthen the pnblic credit, and in
relation to contracts in coin." The first sec-
tion is merely declaratory law which cannot
bind any subsequent Congress in its view of
the contract. It holds out a false expectation
that must depend on the good faith of the
country, irrespective of any such legislation as
this; and it provides that the public debt is not
to be paid until the irredeemable paper money
of the country is redeemable in coin.
The second section, on the contrary, tends
to retard a return to specie payments. It
tends to encourage bad faith in contracts made
payable in gold between individuals, and of
course the necessary effect of that must be to
retard the return to specie payments. The
mode in which to return to a normal currency
in this country, if you mean to do it with the
least possible pressure, is by encouraging con-
tracts of that kind in all the higher branches
of trade until they gradually descend into all
the business of the community. I, for myself,
consider that the second section of the bill,
independent of the first altogether, which I
look upon as impracticable and unwise legisla-
tion, is quite sufficient to condemn it, because
it is intended to destroy the legal effect and
import of the decision of your own Supreme
Court, and to prevent men using the normal
currency of this country for the purposes of
their contracts by imposing a mode of inquiry
into the character of the contract which will
be utterly destructive of all confidence in the
commercial community. I trust, therefore,
that the report will not be adopted, and 1 shall
ask for the yeas and nays on its adoption.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. WILSON, (after voting in the affirm-
ative.) I paired off with Mr. Henderson on
this subject, and as I do not see him here I
withdraw my vote.
The result was announced—yeas 31, nays 24;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cameron, Cat-
telt, Chandler, Conkiing, Conne&s, Corbett, Cragin,
Dixon,Brake, Edmunds, Ferry, Fes^enden. Freling-
huysen, Harris, Howard, Morgan, Morrill of Maine,
Morriii of Vermont, Nye, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Ramsey, Sherman, Stewart. Sumner, '1'ium-
bull, Van Winkle, Warner, Willey, and Williams—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Cole, Davis,
Doohttie, Fowler, Hendricks, Kenogg, MoCreery.
McDonald, Morton, Norton, Osborn, Patterson of
Tennessee, Robertson, Ross. Sawyer, Spencer,
Sprague, Thayer, Tipton, Vickers, Wade, and
Whyte—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Grimes, Harlan. Henderson,
Howe, Pomeroy, Pool, Rice, Saulsbury, Welch. Wil-
son, and "Spates—11.
So the report was concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. HcPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 473) relating to the pay of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore :
A bill (H. R. No. 1570) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1870, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 264) for the relief of Henry
C. Noyes;
A bill (S. No. 661) for the relief of Lieuten-
ant Colonel John W. Davidson, of the United
States Army ;
A bill (S. No. 679) to amend an act entitled
