130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
tlien in no part of my career have I been so
fortunate as in my association with Thaddeds
Stevexs. It was in his office, and in connec-
tion with him, that I commenced my profes-
sional life; and from that moment, through
the turmoil of m<|ny legal and political con-
tests, down to the moment when in his last
will he selected me to perform the last service
one man can ask from his fellow, our friend-
ship suffered neither diminution nor interrup-
tion.
Informed that my duty requires of me a
sketch of the history of my friend, I hope to
be pardoned by the House for any prolixity
of statement, promising to leave to others
abler and fitter, his associates here who are to
follow me, the analysis of his character as a
statesman and the story of his struggles and
triumphs in this arena, where lie was recog-
nized as a great leader and bore the name of
"the old Commoner."
Thaddeus Stevens was born at Danville,
Caledonia county, Vermont, on the 4th day of
April, 1702, and died at his residence in this
city at midnight 011 the 11th day of August,
J868. His parents were poor in a community
where poverty was the rule and wealth the
exception. Of his father I know but little, save
that he enlisted in the war of 1812 and died
in service. Upon his mother chiefly fell the
burden of tearing their four sons. She was a
woman of great energy, strong will, and deep
piety. Early seeing theambition and fully sy ui-
pathiidng with the aspirations of hei crippled
boy, she devotedly seconded his efforts for the
acquisition of knowledge, and by her iiiduMi y,
energy, and frugality hugely aided him in pro-
curing a collegiate eduenlion. lie returned
her affection with ihe full strength of his strong
nature, and for many years after he had ac-
quired fame and fortune in his adopted State
had the pleasure of making an annual pilgrim-
age to the home which he had provided for her
comfort, and where she dispensed, with means
he furnished, a liberal chanty.
In the last year of his life, 111 writing his will
with his own hand, while making no provision
for the care of his own grave, lie did not forget
that of his mother, but set apart, an ample sum
for that purpose, directing yearly payments
upon the condition "that the sexton keep the
grave in good order, and plant, roses and other
cheerful flowers at each of the four corners ol
said grave every spring." In the same instru-
ment, in devising $1,000 in aid of the estab-
lishment at his home of a Baptist church, of
which society his mother was an earnest mem-
ber, he says;
"I do 1 h,s out of ri"-p,<,:'l, to {1,0 memory of my
mothor, to whom J owo whatever httlo oi prosperity
1 have bad on eaiih, which, m it if, j[ dcairo
emphatically to uduiowledge,"
After attending the common schools of the
neighborhood he fitted for college at the
Pcaoham Academy, in his native county, en-
tered the University of Vermont, and remained
there about two years. The college suspending
operations on account of the war, he proceeded
to Dartmouth, and graduated at that institu-
tion in 1KU. After reading law at Peacham in
the office of Judge .Mattocks, forsome mouths,
he left his native Stale and settled in Pennsyl-
vania in 1815, first in the town of York, where
he taught an academy and pursued his legal
studies. The rules of court in that district
having required students to read one year in
the office of an attorney, lie went to Belair,
Harford county, Maryland, and was there ex-
amined and admitted to practice in August,
1810. lie at once returned to Pennsylvania',
and opened a law office at Gettysburg, in the
county of Adams, and entered upon the prac-
tice of his profession in that and adjoining
counties. Ho was soon in the possession of
an extensive and lucrative business, to which he
gave his entire attention for some sixteen years.
I may here be allowed briefly to allude to a
few traits of Mr. Stevexs as a lawyer. Al-
though not perhaps of great national reputa-
tion as such, he was_ recognized by the profes-
sion in a State clai ming some emineoce for the
high character of her advocates and jurists as
one of her greatest lawyers, and was so pro-
nounced by three of her ablest chief justices,
Gibson, Black, and Lewis, who tried him by
the sure test of uniform power.
I need scarcely say that Mr. Stevens shone
at the bar with the same clearness of state-
ment, force and eloquence of expression, power
of argumentation, wit, sarcasm, and invective,
which he employed in legislative halls, and that
there, as here, he was master of all the weap-
ons of debate. As an advocate he was always
jealous of the rights of his profession, avid re-
sisted their innovation, tie was always cour-
teous to the court, arid uniformly brief, never
speaking beyond an hour upon any question.
He never took or used notes of the evidence,
the speeches of opponents, or the rulings of
the court, trusting wholly to a memory that
never failed him. In the preparation of his
law he was industrious and careful, here, too,
relying upon his memory, his brief seldom
contained more than the name of the case and
page of the book. In argument he cited but
few authorities, and those directly to his pur-
pose. Grasping one 01-two points which he
conceived vital to the cause, he directed all his
energies and concentrated all his powers upon
them, giving little attention to subordinate
questions. ]STo matter with whom associated,
lie never tiied a cause save upon his own theory
of the case. At nisipfius he uniformly insisted
on personally seeing and examining, before
they were called, the important witnesses on
his own side. Generally relying upon the
strength and presentation of his own case, lie
seldom indulged in extended cross examina-
tion of witnesses, though possessing rare ability
in that direction. Ho never consented to be
concerned or act as counsel in the prosecution
of a capital ease, not from opposition to the
puni.-diment, hut because it was repugnant to
bis feelings and that service was the duty of
public olliccrs. lie was as remarkable for his
consideration, forbearance, and kindness when
opposed by the young, weak, or diffident, as
he was for the grim jest, haughty sneer, pointed
sarcasm, or fierce invective launched at one
who entered the lists and challenged battle
wiili such weapons. He was always willing to
give advice and assistance to the young and
inexperienced members of the profession, and
his large library was ever open for their use.
He had many young men read law with him,
though he did not care to have students. There
weie, however, two recommendations which
never failed to procure an entrance into his
office: ambition to learn, and inability to pay
for the privilege.
Mr. Stevens first engaged actively in polities
with the rise of the Anti-Masonic partyin 1828-
29, which lie joined in their opposition to secret
societies. He was elected to the popular branch
of the Legislature of his State, in 1838, as a rep-
resentative from the county of Adams, and
continued to serve in that body almost without
interruption until 1840, during which entire
period he was the leader of his parly in the
Legislature, if not the State. During this ser-
vice he championed many measures of improve-
ment, among others the common-school sys-
tem of Pennsylvania, which ata critical moment,
he saved from overthrow by a speech which he
always asserted to have, in his opinion, been the
most effective he ever made. By that single
effort, he established the principle, never since
seriously questioned in Pennsylvania, that it is
the duty of the State to provide the facilities
for education to all the children of the Com-
monwealth. In behalf of this measure he joined
hands with his bitterest personal and political
enemies. He highly eulogized, for his course
upon this question, the chief of the opposing
political party, Governor George Wolf, and
denounced with all his power of invective the
time-servers cf his own party. Himself the
child of poverty he plead the cause of the poor,
and by the force of his will, intellect, and elo-
quence broke down the barriers enacted by
wealth, caste, and ignorance, and earned a
name that will endure as long as a child of
Pennsylvania gratefully remembers the bless-
ings conferred by light and knowledge.
In 1837-88 Mr. Stevens was a member of
the convention called to revise the constitu-
tion of Pennsylvania, an assemblage which
numbered as members many of the strongest
men of the State, among whom Mr. Stevens
stood in the front rank. This convention, not-
withstanding the able and strenuous opposi-
tion of a strong minority, led by Mr. Stevexs,
inserted the word " white1' as a qualification
of suffrage, thus disfranchising a race. On this
account he refused to append his name to the
completed instrument, and stood alone in such
refusal. For the same cause he opposed, but
unsuccessfully, the ratification by the people.
In 18-12 Mr. Stevexs, finding himself deeply
in debt by reason of losses in the iron business,
and liabilities incurred for numerous indorse-
ments made for friends, removed to Lancaster
county, one of the largest, richest, and most
populous counties of the State, and resumed
the practice of his profession. His reputation
as a lawyer had preceded him, and his income
almost at once became the largest at the bar.
In a few years he paid his debts, and saved
the bulk of his estate. In 1848 and 1850 he was
elected to Congress from Lancaster county,
when, declining to be a candidate, he returned
to his profession until 1858. when he was again
elected, and continued to hold the seat with-
out interruption till his death. His course
upon this floor has passed into and forms no
unimportant part in the history of a mighty
people in a great crisis of their existence. But
f have promised to leave to others to say what
may be proper in illustration of his great
achievements in his latter days.
To those here who judged of the personal
appearance of the deceased only as they looked
011 him bearing the burden of years and stricken
with disease, though he still stood with eye
undimmed and will undaunted, I may say
that in his prime he was a man physically well
proportioned, muscular and strong, of clear
and ruddy complexion, with face and feature
of great mobility and under perfect command
and control. In his youth and early manhood,
notwithstanding his lameness, he entered with
zest into almost all of the athletic games and
sports of the times. He was an expert swim-
mer and an excellent horseman. When re-
siding at Gettysburg Jie followed the chase,
kept his hunters and hounds.
On a recent visit to his iron-works I found
the old mountain men garrulous with stories
of the risks and dangers of the bold rider, as
with horse and hound he followed the deer
along the slopes and through the gaps of the
South mountain.
In private life, among his friends, Mr.
Stevexs was ever genial, kind, and consid-
erate. To them he was linked with hooks of
steel. For them he would labor and sacri-
fice without stint, complaint, or regret. In
his hours of relaxation there could be no more
genial companion. His rare conversational
powers, fund of anecdote, brilliant sallies of
wit, and wise sayings upon the topic of the hour,
made his company much sought, and many of
these are the current coin of the circle in which
he moved.
Mr. Stevens was_ an honest and a truthful
man in public and in private life. His word
was sacred in letter and spirit, and was never
paltered in a double sense. In money matters
he was liberal to a fault, and out of his im-
mense professional incomc he left but a mea-
ger estate. In his private charity he was lavish.
He was incapable of saying no in the presence
ot want or misery. His charity, like his po-
litical convictions, regarded neither creed,
race, nor color. He was a good classical
scholar, and was well read in ancient and
modern literature, especially 011 subjects of
philosophy and law. In his old age he read
but few books. Shakspeare, Dante, Homer,
Milton, and the Bible could, however, gener-
ally be found upon the table in his sleeping
room, where he was accustomed to read in bed.
He was simple and temperate in his habits.
