1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1086
mechanics a little job. When it is repaired the
machinery must be reexported. If, in the ease
put by the Senator from Kansas, they attempt
to avoid the law the bond would be forfeited,
and we have a bond in double the amount of
the value of the property.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is wholly
for the protection of American labor ; there is
no doubt about that.
Mr. POMEROY. I make no further objection.
Mr. THAYER. Two or three Senators
around me have told me that they desire to say
something on this bill and will object to its
passage now. I obtained the floor for the pur-
pose of moving an executive session. I want
to have certain Indian treaties referred and
printed that have been lying on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think anybody
will object further. The Senator from Kansas
withdraws his objection.
Mr. THAYER. Two Senators have told me
they wanted to look into it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is reported unani-
mously by the proper committees in both
branches.
Mr. THAYER. It is almost four o'clock.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The bill would
have passed before this if the Senator had not
interposed.
Mr. THAYER. I certainly have not pre-
vented it. I yielded the floor on the ground
that this bill would not yield to objection. The
Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Sprague]
informs me that he has something to say 011 it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. If the Senator from Ver-
mont will permit the word's c; and arms" to be
added I shall not object to the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That will send it back
to the House of Representatives.
Mr. SPRAGUE. We should allow arms to
be imported free to receive the American im-
provements and then be reexported. If we
do, there will be a very large business that will
accrue to our American manufacturers. In
accordance with my duty I have submitted to
the Committee on Finance a resolution bearing
on this subject. There is a great desire to place
on foreign arms our improvements. Let the
bill be modified by that addition and I have no
objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I cannot
consent to that; for the Senate will see that a
bill of that kind would have to be a very dif-
ferent bill from this, and be very differently
guarded. This bill is a House bill, and I
desire that it may bo passed as it is.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Senator from Ohio
says he will provide for what I want in the
next bill.
Sir. SHERMAN. In another bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE._ With that assurance I
withdraw the objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the time for
taking a recess be extended until five minutes
past four o' clock, to enable mo to move for an
executive session simply to refer some treaties.
I state to the Senate that it is absolutely neces-
sary that it should be done.
Mr. SUMNER. I agree with the Senator ;
we do need an executive session.
Mr. THAYER. Just to refer some papers.
I have no other object. 1 move that the time
for a recess be extended until ten minutes
past four.
'The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that die Senate extend the time for the recess
ten minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. 1 now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in the consideration of executive
business, the doors were reopened, and the
Senate (at ten minutes past four o'clock) took
a recess till seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate resumed its session at seven
o'clock p. m.
LAKDING OF SUBMAKTKE CABLE.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 731.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 731) to authorize the
New York, Newfoundland, and Loudon Tel-
egraph Company to land its submarine cable
upon the shores of the United States. It pro-
poses to authorize the New York, Newfound-
land, and London Telegraph Company to land
one or more submarine cables upon the shores
of the United States at such place or places as
may from time to time appear to the directors
of the company to be most convenient, and to
maintain and work such cable or cables for the
transmission of messages and intelligence be-
tween the United States and Europe, or any
of the intermediate places, during the existence
of the charter of the company.
Mr. HARLAN. I think that bill had better
not be considered now. It is a subject that
has been referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and I do not see the chairman of
that committee present. I hope it will lie
over until he comes in.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; I have no
objection to that; but this bill was not referred
to that committee.
Mr. HARLAN. The same subject has been
referred to that committee. I hope the Sen-
ator will consent to take up some other bill
until the chairman of that committee comes in.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. While this bill is up I
desire to offer an amendment, so that it may
be before the Senate. It is to strike out all
after the word "and" in the tenth line and to
insert:
The shores of any foreign European Government,
or any temtory belonging to such Government,when
such foreign Government shall grant the reciprocal
right to lay a cable or cables on their shores to
American citizens or companies who have been or
shall be authorized by Congress to lay submarine
cables connecting the United States with the shores
of such foreign Government.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will accept, that if that
will make it satisfactory.
Mr. HARLAN. I prefer that the bill should
lie over until the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations comes in.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to ask
the Senator from Illinois, if he has examined
the question, whether tiiis privilege ought not
rather to be granted by the States than the
General Government ? 1 do not see exactly
how it is that we have got anything to do with
the question whether a telegraph wire shall
come out of the ocean upon some man's farm
up in the State of Maine.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a question, I
will say to the Senator from Indiana, that I
have not been investigating; but 1 can well
conceive that the United States Government
may have something to do iu regard to com-
munications between this and foreign nations,
either postal or by telegraph. This may bo
called postal, perhaps.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let the bill He over
informally until the chairman of the committee
on Foreign Relations comes in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let my amendment be
pending.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly; it will lie
over with the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro_ tempore. The bill
and the amendment will lie over.
RIVER AND IIAltBOlt BILL.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
procecd to the consideration of House bill No.
1046.
Mr. SHERMAN and Mr. DRAKE. Is that
the river and harbor bill ?
Mr. CHANDLER. It is.
The. motion was agreed to : and the Senate,
as iu Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 10-10) making1
appropriations for the repair, preservation, and
completion of certain public works, and for
other purposes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Com-
merce will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the first amendment
reported b^ the Committee on Commerce, whieh
was to strike out the twelfth- and thirteenth
lines of the bill in the following words:
For improvement of Wisconsin river, $40,000.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to have some
sufficient reason assigned for striking out that
item in the appropriation bill. This is a very'
important river.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will give the explan-
ation. The Governor of Iowa and a delega-
tion from Iowa and Wisconsin desired to be
heard before the committee on the subject of
the improvement of the Wisconsin river. They
brought their maps and surveys and the engi-
neer of the work. The engineer, General War-
ren, stated that the sum of $438,000, I think,
would establish what is ealled wing-dam navi-
gation. It is not slack water exactly, bat it is
to create a current that would give some tw.o
or three feet depth of water. The engineer also
stated that it would eost from thirty to forty
thousand dollars a year in perpetuity to keep
up that kind of navigation, and he did not rec-
ommend it. He then stated that it would cost
between three and fonrmillion dollars—I think
$3,200,000 or $3,300,000—to build acanal and
a portion of slack-water navigation, and that
be did not recommend. He then said that it
would cost a little over fonr millions to build a
through canal, and he gave the preference to
that.
It became perfectly evident to the committee
that without any definite plan for improving
the river the sum of §40,000 might be squan-
dered, but could not be of any possible service.
The committee therefore decided not to add,
as the Governor of Iowa and the delegation
desired, enough to build either a portion of a
canal and a portion of stack-water, or a wing-
dam navigation, or a through canal, but to
strike out the appropriation and leave it to be
decided in the future what, the improvement
should be. That is all. It is evident, the Sen-
ator will admit, that the $40,000 would be of
no possible service.
Mr. IIARLAN. Well, Mr. President, I un-
derstand it differently ; and in order that the
Senate may understand this subject, if they will
give me their attention for one minute I will
state that there are two rivers located in Wis-
consin, one running northeastward into thelake
and the other westward, emptying into the Mis-
sissippi river; that these two rivers approach
each other within amile and a half at one point,
and across this narrow portage there has been
a canal partially dug, so that when the river is
flush boats bearing some three hundred tons
burden have navigated entirely through from
the lakes to the Mississippi river. Now, it is
believed that the application of forty er fifty
thousand dollars in dredging out the shoals
along the stream will make it navigable for
boats of a light draft.
That is of vast consequence, not only to the
people who live on the west side of the Missis-
sippi river and those who live in Wisconsin,
but to the people who live east of us, who are
compelled to buy their produce from these pro-
ducing States. The time is rapidly approach-
ing when the vast proportion of the grain and
meat that will be consumed in the older States
must come from the fertile regions on and
west of the Mississippi river. It is conse-
quently of very great importance that water
communication should be made as complete as
practicable between that part of the country
and the older States. The expenditure of a
few thousand dollars in the improvement of
this river, it is believed, would be of vast con-
sequence to the grain and meat produeingpeo-
ple who live on the west side of the Missis-
sippi and those who may live in the vicinity of
this improvement. Although to complete the
