1868.
. THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
He disliked the use of tobacco, and for forty
years never used or admitted to his house in-
toxicating drinks except by direction of his
physician.
Mr. Stevens was deeply loved and fully
trusted by liis constituents. He was often in
advance of their views; sometimes he rati
counter to their prejudices or passions; yet
such was his popularity with them, so strong
their faith in his wisdom, in the integrity of
his action and the purity of his purpose, that
they never failed to sustain him. Popular
with men of all parties, with his own sup-
porters liis name was a household word. To
them, and among themselves, •£ Old Thad"
was a phrase of endearment; while even his
foes spoke of him with pride as the " great
Commoner.'1 No man ever died more deeply
mourned by a constituency than Thaddecs
Stevens.
Having briefly selected some of the incidents
that marked the history of my friend, I will in
conclusion say a few words of him on a subject
in connection with which he is probably more
widely known than any other—slavery. Mr.
Stevens was always an anti-slavery man. Prom
tlie time he left his native mountains to the
moment of his death he was not only anti-
slavery in the common acceptation of the term,
but a bold, fearless, determined, and uncom-
promising foe to oppression in any and every
form. lie was an abolitionist before there was
such a parly name.
His opposition to American slavery, no mat-
ter what his party connection, was never based
upon mere questions of expediency or politi-
cal economy. He always viewed it as a great
wrong, at war with the fundamental principles
of tins and all good government, as a sin in the
sight of God and a crime against man. For
many 3 ears, long before it became popular to
do so. he denounced this institution as the great
crime of the nation on the stump, at the forum,
in party conventions and deliberative assem-
blies. On this question he was always in ad-
vance of his party, his State, and his constit-
uents. Always resident in a border county, he
defended the fugitive on all occasions, asserted
the right of free speech, and stood between the
abolitionist and the mob, often with peril to
himself. This was one great cause of his hav-
ing been so long in a minority, and of his en-
tities late in lite in to the councils of the nation;
but for this he was fully compensated by living
to see the destruction of an institution which
he loathed, and by receiving for his reward, and
as the crowning glory of his life, the blessings
of millions lie had so largely aided to make free.
The remains of Mr. Stevens lie in Lancas-
ter, in a private cemetery established by an
old friend, in a lot selected by himself, for rea-
sons stated in the touching and beautiful epi-
taph prepared by himself for inscription upon
his tomb :
"Ireposo in this quiet and secluded spot, not from
any natural preference for solitude, but finding
other cemeteries limited by charter rules as to race,
I have eho en it that I might be enabled to illustrate
in my death the principles which I have advocated
through a long life—equality of man before his Cre-
ator."
Let us trust and believe that if the earnest
and sinccre prayers of millions of the poor,
downtrodden, and oppressed may smooth the
pathway of the traveler on his journey from
this world to the bourne of all, his has been a
happy exit.
I offer the following resolutions:
licsoloed. That this House has heard with deep
regret the doath of Hon. Thaddecs Stevens, a
member of this House from the State of Pennsyl-
vania. .
Rr.mUed, That as a testimony of respeet to the
metnoiy of this distinguished statesman the officers
and members of this House will wearthousual badge
of mournin* for tho space of thirty days.
lit mined. That a copy of these resolutions be trans-
mitted to the family ot the deceased by the Clerk.
JCcsolve'/. That this House, as a further mark of
respect to the memory of the deceased, do now
adjourn
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, I rise to sec-
ond the resolutions offered by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. The town of Danville,
where Mr, Stevens was born, and the town of
Peacham, in which he lived until "he tad com-
pleted his education and attained his majority,
are both adjacent to the town where I reside,
and form a part of the district I haVethe honor
to represent. It seems appropriate that a Rep-
resentative of Mr. Stevens's native State and
the Representative of his native town and
county should perform this daty, but I regret
that it has fallen upon one who had so little
personal knowledge of him. Mr. Stevens re-
moved from Vermont to Pennsylvania before
my birth, and i became a resident of his na-
tive county but a few years since, and after his
youthful associates were nearly all gone. I
met him once or twice in Vermont when he
came to visit his aged mother, but except this
I never saw him until I came to the Senate at
the beginning of the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
Since I became a member of this House his
advanced age and broken health prevented his
active participation in much of its business,
and for a great part of the time his attendance
during its sessions. I can, therefore, do little
more than express the general estimation of
his public character and service entertained
by myself in common with the people of his
native State. I have learned that the parents
of Mr. Stevens had very small pecuniary abil-
ity, and that his education was mainly secured
by his own energy and efforts. When he re-
moved to the State of Pennsylvania to begin
his career of active manhood he went among
strangers, dependent for friends, for success in
business, .for professional or other advance-
ment, for the means of living even, upon what
he might, by force of his own unaided efforts
and ability, be able to win. How hardly he
struggled, how hardly he fought, bow success-
fully he won friends, professional distinction,
political advancement, name and fame, we
have been told by his long-time friend and
neighbor and successor in this House. Ilis
career and his success is another instance of
what is so common in this country, but so un-
common in ail others, of the attainment of the
highest professional and political distinction
from the humblest condition by the mere force
of personal effort, and ability.
Mr. Stevens was another tribute to our sys-
tem of free institutions, founded upon the
equality of all men—institutions which he loved
so well, and exerted himself so faithfully to
extend and perpetuate. That Mr. Stevens was
a man of marked ability has ever been con-
ceded, as well by his political opponents as by
his political and personal friends. He had
indomitable courage, energy of character, and
tenacious will, so that when he had once settled
upon a course of action he pursued it to the end
with an apparent, almost reckless, disregard of
the opinions and judgments of other men. His
leading and characteristic ambition seemed to
be to elevate the masses of his fellow-men. He
seemed ever to desire and to labor that all men
should have an equal start and a fair chance
in the race of life. His early and successful
efforts in his adopted State in the cause of
popular and general education were an apt and
enduring illustration of this great trait of liis
character. He loved freedom and liberty for
himself and for all men as well. He hated
every form of tyranny and oppression which
clogged and opposed the advancement of men
to better conditions, and especially did lie
abhor and detest that vast oppression which
once prevailed in this country and which seemed
likely to prevail forever—-human slavery.
Accordingly, when that institution came to
be one of the subjects of political controversy
in tho country, he was found among its most
determined and advanced opponents. It is not
saying more than I believe to be just to him,
that to his efforts as much as to those of any one
man is the country indebted for its final over-
throw. When the country had become involved
in a civil war of appalling magnitude upon this
question of slavery, and the great question of
the time was whether the Union or slavery
should go down, Mr. Stevens seemed to rise at
once to the magnitude and majesty of the ocea-
His leadership of the Union men and oppo-
nents of slavery and its ab'ettors during the
period of the war, in the j^t-eat American Com-
mons, was perhaps as brilliant and successful
as the world has ever seen. _ Though I have no
reason to doubt he loved his country, its free
institutions, and its government as Well as
others, I have thought his great efforts in their
behalf during that period were actuated as
much by his hatred of slavery as by his love
of country.
I will not further allude to Mr. Stevens's
congressional career, though his public life is
mainly included in it, but leave that to others
whose opportunities to know it are so much
better than my own. Mr. Stevens had very
warm sympathies and great kindness of heart.
No case of suffering or distress ever appealed
to him in vain; his heart and his hand were
always open to sympathize with and relieve
the needy and tho downtrodden of the earth.
I am aware that since the close of the war,
in dealing with the subject of the restoration
of the revolted States and their people, that
Mr. Stevens has been charged with entertain-
ing malignant and uncharitable feelings, and
being influenced by them in his public action.
So far as this charge applies to the masses of
the people of those States, who might well be
regarded as the deluded victims of unwise
leaders, I have never seen any evidence of its
truth. He did regard the promoters and leaders
of the rebellion as great criminals, who ought
to be punished as such ; he felt a kind of
righteous and holy indignation against them,
and as if tiie nation itself was endangered
unless justice and judgment were meted out
against them. Mr. Stevens always retained a
strong feeling of attachment to liis native State,
and a very high regard for her people. It was
a sufficient passport to his favor that the appli-
cant came from Vei mont. So long as his mother
lived lie made almost annual pilgrimages to the
old home upon the Green mountains to see to
her comfort and to visit the scenes of his boy-
hood. f do not think I ever met him since I
have been in Washington but he inquired about
something or somebodyin Vermont, and almost
always had some amusing anecdote to relate
connected with liis early life. His strong Glial
affection is beautifully shown by the provision
in liis will for the annual planting of roses and
other cheerful flowers at tiie corners of the
graves of his mother and brother; and his
attachment to the scenes and memories of his
youthful days is equally well exhibited by his
bequest to the Juvenile Library Association of
the old Peacham Academy, where he received
his preparatory education. The people of Ver-
mont felt a just and laudable pride in Mr.
Stevens and in his distinguished public career.
They watched his success, as they have many
others of her sons who have gone out from her
and attained position and fame in other States.
In the case of Mr. Stevens his public course
was generally such as commended itself to
ll their own judgment. Sometimes he announced
j! doctrines and advocated measures more cx-
;l tremo than they were prepared to accept, but
11 they ever felt that for him something was to be
:| pardoned to the spirit of liberty.
!' The people of Vermont always loved to be-
ll lieve that the strong love of freedom and inde-
jj pendence for all men exhibited by him, his
|j hatred of all forms of oppression, and his efforts
I to elevate and benefit, the masses, were, to some
| extent, due to his being bom in Vermont. The
; early history of Vermont, was that of a continual
: struggle against what they deemed to be un-
; lawful and unjust attempts of other States to
: obtain jurisdiction and exercise governmental
j power over them. These struggles had ceased,
! to be sure, prior to the birth of Mr. Steven'8 j
but the heroes and statesmen who were her
leaders in those trying days were still aiive, and
gave tone and temper to public sentiment and
opinion for many years after. We have loved
to believe in Vermont that the free and inde-
pendent opinions inhaled by him in his youw
with the free air of oar grand mountains m
some degree contributed to make him what he
