THBvCDNGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
Mr. GRIMES. I am inquired of -whether
with this modification of the proposition the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is satisfactory to me. I desire to say
that it is no more satisfactory now than it was
before it was modified; and not only shall I
vote against it, but I will vote against "the Army
bill itself- rather than submit to be forced to
vote on a question of this sort upon a general
appropriation bill. -■ ' •" -
Mr. CHANDLER. I had hoped that the
Senator from Massachusetts would withdraw
this amendment and enable us to pass this
appropriation bill.
Mr.'SUMNER. I am perfectly willing that
it should be passed.
Mr. CHANDLER. Are you willing to with-
draw the amendment? ' •'
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator appeal
to me to withdraw it ?
Mr. CHANDLER. - I said I had hoped you
would. I do not care whether you do or not.
Mr. DRAKE. I appeal to the-Senator from
Massachusetts to withdraw this amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator vote upon
the amendment and let the Senate vote upon
it? That is all I ask. I do not wish to add
another word or to make any explanation or to
adduce any further authorities.
Mr. CHANDLER. J do.
Mr. CONKLING. So do I.
Mr. SUMNER. Let Senators vote upon it.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, -sir; you talked
about four hours on the subject and I mus§
answer you. You have detained the Senate
for two or three days, and it cannot pass now
without your speeches being answered.
Mr. President, I stated when this bill was
last up that Massachusetts never had a real
claim against this Government, and in the
next place that her pretended claim had been
paid in full; and this I shall proceed to show,
lu the next place the Government never owed
her a dollar of interest in the world, and in my
judgment never will pay her a dollar of inter-
est. I propose, as briefly as possible, to give
a history of this claim on the part of the State
of Massachusetts.
• The claim has been now for more than fifty
years before this body. It has been for more
than fifty years under discussion. I will cor-
rect myself in that statement, for I believe she
did not present any claim for more than twenty
years, nor did she dream that she had a claim ;
and therefore that will reduce the time that
this pretended claim has been before the body
to at least thirty years.
Mr. President, during the war of 1812 the
Government of the United States employed its
own troops for defense, employed its own
troops in repelling the enemy, employed its
own troops for the national defense. But cer-
tain States, towns, and cities deemed them-
selves in peril, and in their alarm, in their
supposed peril, they called out their militia.
We were told the other day by the Senator
from Massachusetts that one hostile foot did
tread the soil of that State and that some lit-
tle village was burnt. I had forgotten that
circumstance until it was stated by him. But
the majority of these claims sprung up in this
way: a wild rumor would be raised; a hay-
stack would be burned; a barn would beset
on fire; a strange vessel would be seen in the
offing; and immediately an alarm would be
raised that the British were coming, and the
militia would turn out and rush to the sup-
posed point of danger, generally upon their
own responsibility, not even at the call of the
State of Massachusetts. Those militiamen
never dreamed that they were entitled to pay,
even from the State of Massachusetts, for a
long time. They rushed out for their own
defense, to protect, as they supposed, their own
homes from danger. Those Massachusetts
troops were not officered by officers of this
Government. They were officered by officers
of the Massachusetts militia. Other States did
the self-same thing, and other States were in
danger during those perilous times. The State
of Maryland was invaded: battles were fought
upon her soil; and she called out troops in the
same way for her own defense, in addition to
the Government forces that were upon her
soil. And yet the State of Maryland made no
claim for compensation to those troops of hers
during those times of peril. They had no
claim against the Government. They were
Maryland militia, called out fo,r the defense of
Maryland by the laws of Maryland, and not
being called out by the United States no claim
existed for their payment. The States all
along the Atlantic coast did' the self-same
thing. ' Wherever a strange sail was seen in
the distance there was supposed to be danger,
and nearly every one of the States lying on the
coast- finally trumped up claims of this de-
scription against the Government. Not one
of those claims was presented for many, many
years.
Finally, after a long time, the Government
in its magnanimity concluded to refund these
sums to the several States, not as in justice
due to those States, because the money in most
instances had been injudiciously expended,
and not in accordance with the will of the com-
mander of the American forces ; yet, says the
report on those claims, as these funds were
expended for a patriotic purpose, therefore the
Government will refund them. After a con-
siderable time these several amounts were
placed upon the books of the Treasury of the
United States to the credit of the several States.
An account was opened with those States.
They were credited with the amount of the
claims that were allowed, but no word was ever
uttered about interest on those claims; and as
the Treasurer of the United States had money
from time to time he paid it upon those claims—
sometimes $20,000, and sometimes §50,000,
and so scattered the amounts around among the
different States and upon the different claims.
This process continued year after year until
the claims were paid in full, and then the books
were closed and the final settlement was had.
So far as the books of the Treasury showed the
accounts were settled and the transaction
ended, no thought ever having entered the mind
of any individual that interest would ever be
demanded on those claims, it being considered
a gratuity.
But after many years, years after the last
dollar had been paid to those States, as was
supposed, a claim was brought in for interest
upon this gratuity. That claim was pressed
year after year, and finally the Government
was induced to pay interest to those States and
cities where interest had been lost or had been
paid by those States and cities. The books
were reopened. Interest was cast upon the
original amount of the claim, whatever it might
be, down to the date of the final payment of
that claim, at six per cent. Then, on the oppo-
site side of the ledger, interest was cast at six
per cent, upon every single item of debt that
had been made against that State. There was
six per cent, upon the one side, and six per
cent, upon the other ; the amount brought down
to the bottom, the one deducted from the other,
the interest paid at six per cent., and the ac-
count finally and forever closed. Here, sir,
was final settlement, No. 2, never again, as was
supposed, to be disturbed. The thing was
ended, principal and interest having been paid
where interest had been paid by the States, and
the whole thing closed.
But, sir, in 1857, as I said the other night,
the late Mr. Pearce, of Maryland, on the last
day of the session, on the 3d of March, pre-
cisely as is the case now with the claim of Mas-
sachusetts,^ moved an amendment to a general
appropriation bill reopening the account of
the Government with the State of Maryland,
and ordering it to be settled upon the basis of
mercantile usage, as I said the other night, and
although that is not the exact language, that
is the idea. That amendment was in these
words:
"That the proper accounting oflioers of the Treas-
ury bo, and they are hereby, authorized and directed
to reexamine the account between the United States
and the State of Maryland as the same whs from time
to time adjusted under the act passed on the 13th of
May 1B26, entitled 'An aet authorizing the payment
of interest due to the State of Maryland, and on such
reexamination to assume the sums expended by the
State of Maryland for the use and benefit of the
United States, and the sums refunded and paid by tlie
United States to. the said Stale and the times of sueh
payments as being correctly stated in the account as
the same has heretofore been passed at the Treasury
Department; but in the calculation of interests due
under the act aforesaid the following rules shall be
observed, to wit: interest shall be calculated up to
the time of anypayment made. To this interest the
payment shall be first applied, and if it exceed the
interest due the balance shall be applied to diminish
the principal."
They then cast interest up to the time of the
first payment, deducted the interest from the
payment, and credited the balance upon the
amount due to the State of Maryland, thus
compounding the interest to the State of Mary-
land instead of paying six per cent, interest as
the Government had agreed to do. But, sir,
they did worse than that, and the Seuator from
Massachusetts insists that the account of Mas-
sachusetts shall be opened and settled upon
the basis of this settlement with Maryland—
they not only compounded the interest, but
they compounded compound interest; for these
payments were frequently made two or three
times in a year, and they would cast the inter-
est if the payment was made this month, the
next month, and the month following; they
would compound the interest twelve times a
year if the payments were made in that time.
Then, after having compounded compound
interest against this Government for claims
that were never due and were a gratuity from
the first, they cast interest for fifty years upon
the compound interestcompounded. That was
the proposition that was put through on the
last day of the session in 1857, on motion of
the then Senator from Maryland ; and that is
the proposition that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts now proposes to force through this
body on the afternoon of the last day of the
session of this Congress.
Sir, he served this notice upon us: he says,
" You may pay it now or you may wait; I shall
continue to press this claim ; I shall press it
to-day ; I shall press it to-morrow; I shall press
it this year; I shall press it next year ; and I
shall keep pressing it until it is paid." Well,
sir, I expect to sit in the Senate of the United
States as long as the Senator from Massachu-
setts, and I serve this notice upon him: I will
resist this unjust claim to-day ; I will resist it
to-morrow; I will resist it next year; I will
resist it the year following ; I will resist it while
I am in the Senate with that Senator ; and if
he is reelected to press it for six years more, I
will try to be reelected to resist it for another
six years. [Laughter.]
Sir, there is no justice in the claim whatever.
There never was any justice in it. But I have
a little account that I should like to settle with
the State of Massachusetts. In 1830 the State
of Massachusetts received from this Govern-
ment, and owes it to-day, with the exact rate
of interest that she charges or attempts to
charge this Government, $1,338,175. Itstands
charged to ber on the books of the Treasury
to-day and belongs to all the States of this
Union. If the Senator proposes to collect com-
pound interest he certainly will not object to
paying it; and if this claim is to be pressed
I propose to offer an amendment that interest
on that SI,338,1-75 shall be east in the same
way, and that the amount shall be deducted
that she claims for interest, and that she shall
pay the balance which amounts to-day to three
millions and some odd thousand dollars due
to the Government for money advanced to
Massachusetts. That is not a fraudulentelaim.
We will, make you pay every dollar of it if you
press this claim ; and I propose to cast the
interest in the self-same way upon that little
sum of $1,300,000, and- then I want Massa-
chusetts to pay the difference.
Mr. President, I repeat there is no justice
in this claim. There never was any justice iu
it. It was a gratuity at the start, and the
