1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1085
those ten years was moved over the Brie canal
had been carried over these railways, the addi-
tional expense either to the producers or con-
sumers of that freight would have been equal
to more than one hundred and twenty-two mil-
lion dollars. In ten years that canal has saved
to the business of the country more than one
hundred and twenty-two million dollars, besides
having since its construction paid for itself and
paid §15,000,000 into the Treasury of New
York. That is the Erie canal.
Now, I appeal to the common sense of every
man here to say if the office of a canal or water
communication between the lakes and the Mis-
sissippi has not for all the world precisely the
same relation to the business which from be-
yond the Mississippi seeks the East, and which
seeks the country beyond the Mississippi from
the east, which the Erie canal has to the busi-
ness between the tide-water and the lakes. It
has the same office to discharge precisely. ■
But there is this difference between the com-
munication which is sought between the lakes
and the Mississippi and that which now exists
between the Hudson and the lakes; the latter is
an artificial canal the whole distance; thefreight
on it is moved by horse-power, I think at the
rate of about two miles on the average to the
hour—two and a half the Senator from New
York says; while the commerce on these rivers
and the canal connecting them, if you ever do
connect them, will be by steamers propelled by
steatn-power at a rate of speed not less than
six miles per hour on the average from one
end to the other. Of course, with this power
and this rate of speed, the saving over railways
will be much greater than the saving in the cost
of transportation on the Erie canal over rail-
ways along its line..
Now, Mr. President, there is just one ques-
tion, it seems to me, to be considered, and that
is whether there is any present need for such
an improvement as this. That it can be made
there is no room to question. Canals can be
made, dams can be constructed, and locks can
be constructed around rapids. These facts are
all established in science. These rivers can
be improved in this way as well as in any other
section of our country. It can be done. What
it would cost to do it depends on the manner
in which it is done. Engineers who have care-
fully examined this matter propose three ways
of making the improvement. One is in the
river itself, by side-dams, wing-dams, and
dredging the channel of the river. They tell
you that the river in that way can be improved
and give you three feet of water at a cost a lit-
tle less than five hundred thousand dollars.
They tell you that you can have four feet depth
of water at a cost of a little over three million
dollars, and that you can have five feet depth
of water, and all in a canal in the valley of the
river from the Portage to its mouth in the Mis-
sissippi, at a cost of a little more than four mil-
lions. The engineers say that these results can
be achieved by the expenditure of this amount
of money.
Now, is it worth your while? Is there a call
for it? Is there a necessity for it? What is
the country to-day which would be tributary
to this work ? In the States of Missouri, Kan-
sas, Nebraska, Iowa, and Minnesota there is
a population of more than two millions ; nay,
there was a population in 1860 of more than
two millions, and you must about double it to
get the population of to-day. That is what
the population is. When the Erie canal was
started there was west of it, as I told you, but
a population of little more than eight hundred
thousand.
But that is not all. It is not alone the pop-
ulation of these States which are going to be
tributary to this work that gives it import-
ance. The trade from the Pacific ; the trade
from the mountains ; the trade from all that
vast territory between the Mississippi and the
mountains, is already coming this way. A
iailroad is nearly completed, as all Jfnow, to
the Pacific ; and all this trade is tending in
this direction and goes to create a necessity
for this work. I am not entirely sure about
it, but I believe to-day there are ten lines of
railway employed in doing the transportation
between the lakes and the Mississippi. The
amount of money invested in these roads 1
have no means of stating, but of the business,
or of one item of the business done by these
roads, I find a statement here to my hand. It
is an estimate of the grain crop in the coun-
try west of this river, but it will be tributary
to this line of improvement. It is interesting.
There are two tables here ; I will not give the
figures.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the document?
Mr. HOWE. 1 have before me a memorial
prepared by a convention that met last fall at
Prairie du Chien, in the State of Wisconsin—a
convention of citizens of Wisconsin, Minne-
sota, Iowa, and Missouri, called by the Gov-
ernors of those States. I will only give the
results of these tables as I find them stated on
a page of this memorial. It appears, from
table No. 2, that the quantity of wheat and
flour for shipment East in I860 was about
39,000,000 bushels, while from table No. 8 it
appears that the quantity actually shipped from
the ports upon Lake Michigan was as follows:
in 1862, in grain and flour, 77,767,590 bush-
els; in 1863, 7-1,000,000 in round numbers ; in
1864, 61,000,000 ; in 1865, 69,000,000 ; in 1866,
87,000,000. This memorial states : j
" This quantity in wheat, estimating for tho differ-
ent kinds of grain, is about 2,500,000 tons. The aver-
age distance from tho Mississippi river to Lake
Michigan by rail is one bundled and seventy miles,
and by the Wisconsin and Fox rivers two hundred
and seventy-eight miles. To the distance by rail
must be added the average distance to the head of
Lake Michigan, opposite Green boy, estimated at
one hundred and fifty miles."
One hundred and fifty miles of lake trans-
portation you would have from the termini of
the railways to get as far east on the lake as
you would be at the mouth of the Pox river,
where this improvement terminates.
"The charges for transportation over one hundred
and seventy miles of railway at, thirty mills per ton
per mile, and over one hundred and fifty miles of
lake at three mills per ton per mile, amount to 65 e5
per ton, and with the cost of transhipment from the
Mississippi added, to £6 21 per ton, while the charges
over two hundred and seventy-eight miles of river at
seven mills perton per mile amount loSl 95per ton.
The saving of $4 26 per ton upon tho whole amount
for shipment would amount to $10,050,000—a sum
more than twice the estimated cost of the proposed
woik to be saved upon the movement eastward of a
single gram crop."
Now, Mr. President, these are figures fairly
submitted. Ten million dollars would be gained
on the movement of a single crop of grain
from the West to the East. Now, somebody
is to pay that money. Poor as you are, some-
body has to pay it. I suppose it is really-
divided between the men who raise the grain
and the men in the East who consume it; but
it is paid, unless there is some mistake about
these figures. They are open to inspection and
they ought to be inspected, and they ought to
open our eyes. This is only what is saved on
the transportation of a crop of grain in a single
vear, and grain is but one item in that vast bulk
of commerce which flows between the country
west of the Mississippi and that east of the Mis-
sissippi. The lumber is another immense item.
The salt, the iron, are other large items, and
the goods of every description manufactured in
this country and imported into this country
are other items.
I cannot detain the Senate. I m not pre-
pared to speak at length and with exactness
about this matter. I present some figures
which I find at my hand, and they are sufficient,
it seems to me, to open the eyes of the public
and enlist the attention of the Senate. If we
are as poor as we are daily taunted with being
we cannot afford to carry on our commerce at
the enormous expense, the needless expense,
which these figures exhibit us as doing.
Mr. CONKLING. How far are these rivers
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from New York
asks me how far apart these rivers are. They
approach each other within a mile and a half.
A canal, but an inadequate one, is already cut
between the two.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Wisconsin of course does not mean ft)
indicate that that would be all that would be
necessary to be done.
Mr. HOWE. Oh, no. It is not necessary,
however, to do anything to that. That .canal
is provided for by other means. The work
which the Government is asked to do is not to
make canals, is not to make locks, but it is to
improve the navigation of a natural stream
which has not a rapid or a fall in it from the
Portage to its mouth. The Wisconsin river
itself, like most, of the western rivers, is a
broad stream, with a little depth of water a,nd
with a sandy bottom. Those sands are shift-
ing, as they are in the Mississippi, as they are
in the Missouri, and some means must be pro-
vided to define and preserve a channel through
these shifting sands, or to cut a canal along
the valley bordering the river, and so dispense
with the use of the river altogether. There is
water enough in the river. There is about
three fifths as much water in that river as there
is in the Mississippi at St. Paul, but it is spread
over too wide a surface and it has too loose a
bottom. This is the work which the Govern-
ment is asked to undertake.
Now, the Senator from Michigan, the chair-
man of the committee, says that this work
cannot be done for $40,000. He is entirely
right. Nobody expects it. The engineers
were of opinion that they could use $40,000 to
great advantage in dredging in some places
and in building some of these wing-dams at
other points, and so determine by actual exper-
iment how much virtue there was in these two
methods of experiment.; and they wanted an
appropriation of that amount. The House of
Representatives, it seems, thought that the
work was of sufficient importance to warrant
the appropriation of that amount of money.
The Senator is entirely right when he says that
tnis appropriation will not make the improve-
ment; but I think he is mistaken when he
assumes that because it will not finish the work
to make it will be a squanderingof the money.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator be good
enough to tell us also what relation the Fox
river has to this improvement and to this
appropriation of $40,000 ?
Mr. HOWE. In one moment. I think, as
I said, that the Senator from Michigan is mis-
taken in assuming that this appropriation
would be squandered simply because it cannot
complete the work, for if the engineers in the
employment of the War Office are fit to be
trusted with the expenditure of this money—
and if they are not we never should appropri-
ate a dollar under any circumstances—then
we must conclude that they know how to
expend it better than we do, and that they
will not expend $1,000 of it unless they be-
lieve that the expenditure of it does tend to
the completion of the work and is of sufficient
importance to warrant the expenditure of it;
so that the appropriation of $40,000 at this
time will have these two good effects : first, it
will give to the War Office the amount of
money which they want to prosecute their ex-
periments in this direction ; second, it will
show to that rapidly-growing world beyond
the Mississippi that the country has turned its
attention to the work of opening water com-
munication between the lakes and the Missis-
sippi, and will in due time execute that task.
Mr. President, this is all I should have said
of my own volition ; but I was asked just now
by the honorable Senator from New York what
connection there was between the Fox river
and this river which we desire the Government
to undertake the improvement of. The con-
nection is this: geographically, as I have already
said, they come within a mile and a half of each
other. In the Fox river below Lake Winne-
bago, between Lake Winnebago and the mouth
of the Fox, there are considerable rapids.
That river falls between the lake and Green
bay. into which the river falls about one hun-
dred and ninety feet, and that fall is all over-
come by dams, canals, and locks.
Mr. CONKLING. , Already? .
