1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1837
claim is monstrous to be brought in here at
this late day, after sixty years. _ Why, sir, sup-
pose Massachusetts had a claim originally, is
there no outlawry to a claim ; is there no time
when a claim shall cease to be a valid claim?
She has had more than iifty years to press this
claim. When the General Government was
distributing money around among the States
because it knew not what to do with it, why did
not Massachusetts present her claim and col-
lect it, and not come here when we owe
$2,500,000,000, when the Treasury is abso-
lutely struggling under the load of debt that
now oppresses it, and press an unjust claim ?
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton]
said the other night, why not charge interest?
Sir, the Government protects the individual.
After six years, I believe, in every State in
this Union every liability is absolutely barred
by the statute of limitations, but there is no
statute of limitation on the Government. It
depends on the honor of the Government, and
runs for all eternity for aught I know. Now,
take the case of a claim for §100,000. Sup-
pose Massachusetts had advanced $100,000
in the war of 1S12. Computing compound
interest upon it. you would have $200,000
in 1824, $400,000 ill 18SG, $800,000 in 1848,
$1,600,000 in I860, $3,200,000 in 1872, !
$6,400,000 in 1S84, $12,800,000 in 1896,
§25,000,000 in 1908, and in 1D68 $912,000,000,
or thereabouts. This is the way that interest ,
runs up against the Government, and yet the '
Senator says, why not pay interest forever and i
ever? Why. sir, take ever so small a sum and
let the interest run for a thousand years, and
where would the finances of any Government j
be ? It is for the very reason that this interest |
is running night and day and all the time, for >
the very reason that there is no end to the pay- j
ment of interest, that no Government on earth j
has ever paid interest except where it has j
contracted to do so. Interest is just as much !
a matter of contract as the principalis. No
Government e\er did or ever will pay interest .
unless it has contracted to pay it; and this
Government never contracted to pay the in- i
terest or the principal of this debt until it was 1
finally entered on the books of the Treasury. ,
I will not detain the Senate longer upon this
proposition. I hone it will be voted down. 1
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques- j
tion is on the amendment to the amendment. |
.Mr. SUMNEIi. Tne modified amendment
to the amendment I have accepted. The amend-
ment is within mv cower.
The PRESIDEN 1' pro innpore. Then the
question is on the amendment as modified. !
Mr. CoxKi.ixii obtained the floor. !
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will par- |
don me, I desire to add that the Senator fiom !
Massachusetts voted agjint this Maryland claim i
when it originally passed. 1 have the yeas and j
nays before me. The Senator from Massachu-
setts then voted '' no " very properly, as I shall j
now, and I hope lie will, to be consistent. !
Mr. DAVIS. With the permission of the :
Senator from New York, I desire to offer the :
following amendment to the amendment:
Arid tho Treasury otficei.-  arc hereby authorized to :
audit and p;iy to tho loyal owners ot the slaves that i
were dratted or enlisted into tho military service of
the United States during tile late rebel lion the bounty j
to which such owners may bo entitled,
. Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, some '
time ago, after a large space in a short session
of Congress which was crowded with import-
ant measures needing attention had been de-
voted to the consideration of one or more rail-
road schemes, I encouraged myself with the
hope that propositions, covert or avowed, for
railroad subsidies were at an end for this ses- i
sion. Now, however, as the sands of the ;
fortieth Congress have almost run, we are
met with a new proposition to subsidize a rail-
road company, and to do it upon grounds and
in circumstances which to my mind, after sueli
investigation as I have been able to give the i
pase, present the most preposterous and baldest ||
instance of an attempt of this sort which I have
yet witnessed in Congress. The tables here h
and in the other branch are loaded with bills "
which it concerns the management of the Gov-
ernment that we should complete; and yet
upon an appropriation bill, in palpable defiance
of the rules of this body, an attempt is made
to ingraft a provision like this. Not only is it
in defiance of the rules of the Senate, but re-
pugnant to every precedent to which reference
has been made. I say that in view of the fact
that the Senator from Massachusetts has hunted
up now nineteen instances, which might have
been swelled to nineteen score of instances, in
which by consent, no objection being made,
appropriations in the nature of private claims
have been tolerated upon general appropria-
tion bills; but as the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Brt'kai.Ew] took occasion to show
from the Journal of the Senate, when the ques-
tion of order was made, as certainly as the
report follows the flash so certainly followed
the decision of the Chair and the adjudication
of the body that the rules of the Senate would
not tolerate such aperversion of its proceedings.
Then, in defiance, I repeat, of the rules of
the Senate, we have an attempt to force upon
an appropriation bill a subsidy of about one
million t'nree hundred thousand dollars for a
railroad company which only two sessions ago
received from the Treasury of the United States,
upon a claim more than doubtful, $140,000.
My honorable friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] looksalarmedatthatstatement. Does
he dispute it? No, sir. he does not; more
than one hundred and forty thousand dollars
were voted upon grounds which I repeat were
more than doubtful, in my estimation, to the
railway company, through the name of which
I see a pencil has been run, as it appears, in
the draft of this amendment. Confessedly the
Stateof Massachusettsisnothere. but a railroad
company is here which fights under the nom
deguerrc of Massachusetts for 31,250,000 upon
a pretense—I say it respectfully—which, in the
light, of the conceded facts in this ease and ' he
law applicable to it, vanishes before a fair
investigation.
Mr. President, the State which honors me
with a seat in this Chamber bears. I believe,
about one third of the public burdens. Of the
revenues contributed to this nation the State
o: New York pays at least one third, so that
$400,000 is a sum not larger than that which
this railway company proposes to take from the
people of the State of New York. That fact
alone, I think, will warrant me in discarding
all obligation to abstain from debate, because
a time and an opportunity have been selected
which propriety forbids to attempt the suc-
cessful consummation of this plan. If any
member of this body can justify himself in in-
sisting that an appropriation bill at this hour
shall be the vehicle of carrying through a claim
like this, I submit that a member of this body
whose constituents are to be called upon to
furnish $400,000 toward the sum required will
be pardoned even in the circumstances and in
view of the occasion for assigning such reasons
as occur to him why the exaction should not
be made.
Now, Mr. President, look a few moments at
the conceded facts in this case. Long years
ago. for purposes of local defense, the State of
Massachusetts made, outlays of divers sums of
money. I beg Senators to bear in mind that
the allegation now is that Massachusetts paid
interest or lost interest upon those sums. That
is the gravamen of the allegation, let it never
be forgotten, in measuring the law and the
equity of this case. Then, as early as 1815,
Massachusetts had made disbursements and
expenditures—I borrow the words from an act
of Congress to which I shall refer—for the pur-
pose of defending her domain from the foot of
a foreign enemy. She had paid interest or lost
interest upon her advances made then. That
is the allegation. Upon that it is argued a
claim arose in behalf of the State of Massachu-
setts against the national Treasury. I waive for
the purpose of my argument the question dis-
cussed by the Senator from Michigan whether
in truth that claim arose or not. I prefer for
my argument to concede that it did. I reject
11 the factthatthe troops of Massachusetts, tinder
j! the order of the Governor of Massachuetts, were
p not to leave the State. I reject the fact that
![ Massachusetts denied the right of the Federal
|! Government to call ont the militiaof the State
!■ of Massachusetts save and except only by her
J: consent and approbation. I discard from view
I' the fact that Massachusetts assumed the posi-
i; tion that when a call had been made and she
'i had consented that her troops should be called,
Ij still they could not be ordered under the autbor-
jl ity or command of the Government of the
United States save only by the President of the
| United States alone ; and f put this claim in all
; respects upon a footing with the most favored
1 claim of this description.
| Mr. President, was it a liquidated claim?
I Has any Senator here argned that it ever be-
| came liquidated until 1886? The amendment
] on your table proposes a computation of in-
j terest without regard to the time when it was
. liquidated, and going back, as I understand it,
' all the way to the time when these advances
li were made. Let us examine that briefly in the
light of two propositions which I submit to
the Senate. First, I affirm that if not one
shilling had ever been paid to Massachusetts,
! if the question were all open now, as it was at
j, first, interest is no part of this debt. Interest
I is not a matter of course as an incident to the
debt; far from it, and I venture to say that no
lawyer will affirm, taking all the facts as stated
i, most favorably for the claimant, assuming that
; no discord or dissatisfaction had ever taken
j. place, that interest either was a part of this
debt or by operation of law an incident to
the debt. Lest I may seem to speak without
authority on this proposition let me refer to
one of the early opinions of the Attorney
i General of the United States, an opinion eare-
fully and elaborately considered on a very im-
,[ portant case by that gifted son of the Republic,
!l William Wirt, when he was Attorney General.
He says:
" To come more closely to the subject interest is
not a thing: of coarse; it is in no case a part of tho
I debt nor is it a necessary consequence of tho debt.
, By the polity of many nations it is forbidden in all
, eases"—
i I ask Senators to observe this—
! " and by those whose laws aliuw it in cases between
; individuals it is not allowed as a matter of risrht in
! every case; on the contrary, it is allowed only where
j the character of the contract expresciy covers the
> claim of interest, as in penal bonds, where the peu-
h alty exceeds or equals the claim; or where the par-
>i ties have, by their contract, expressly stipulated for
f its payment; or where the circumstances ot the case
I' call for its allowance as a matter of equity inthe
particular instance. In whole ela?ses of ease* it is
;> as a general rulcdisallowed ; and one of theseclasses
,j is the case of unliquidated damages. These prmei-
ji pies are nowhere more clearly stated nor muro ably
I; and amply illustrated than in Mr. Jefferson's carre-
!I spondence with Mr. Hammond m 17 1/2."
[I Now, will any member of this body put him-
i j self upon the proposition that it was everagreed
it specially in this case that Massachusetts, as a
[' matter of specific stipulation, should receive
ij interest upon her advances made during the
b war of 1812? If it is not will some Senator
tell me—rejecting entirely now the matter of
j! payments and accounts stated—as an original
question between Government and citizen or
' Government and State, upon what principle
'! we are to adjudicate that Massachusetts was
i; entitled to interest upon this claim ? Let me
!' proceed a step further. Let me suppose the
law were otherwise: that I am mistaken in
this proposition. Will any Senatoraffirm that
'i upon unliquidated and unasceitained claims
Ij the State of Massachusetts was entitled to in-
|! terest upon any construction, however latitudi-
!| narian? And yet this amendment applies just
!> as much to a period confessedly anterior to all
I', liquidation as to any other period in the history
ot this ancient demand. Upon what principle,
!' I ask again, is that even if interest at all were
;■ allowed ?
j' But go a step further. In 183(5. according
!| to the allegation, Massachusetts had paid and
!l lost interest upon her advances. I do not in-
! sist upon the argument made by the Senator
u from Michigan the other night, although that
" argument, 1 think, was strictly true and uuan-
