134
MB :OOH(JKESSlOHAlr GLOBE.
December 17,
a landless-class are alike dangerous, in a
republic, and by a, single act of justice be
would abolish both. . Such were the humane
eonsiderations whicli prompted him 'to pro-
pose and support measures which the weak
.and time-serving denounced as harsh and vin-
dictive..
The system of,labor for wages, as it-is
exemplified in Great Britain and on the Conti-
nent, is as inconsistent with his ideal republic
as slavery. Con templating the ever-iacreasing
volume of pauperism in the British islands, the
unnatural and excessive toil demanded from
women in the coal mines of England and Bel-
gium, and from the teDder children of agri-
cultural laborers in the fen-gangs of England,
liis.emotions might have been expressed in the
indignant exclamation of the Abbe de la Men-
nais, "But for labor at wages there is no name
out of hell." That is not the freedom of
which he had dreamed, which deprives child-
hood of its bouyancy, home of its charms, aud
supplants intelligent and sturdy youth ^ by
ignorance and premature decrepitude or binds
the families of laborious artisans to a given
locality by their interest in the parish poor
rates or such inadequate wages as precludes
the possibility of saving a sum sufficient for
their own transportation to better markets for
their labor.
Mr. Stevens always believed that fidelity to
republican principles required Government to
protect those whose toil is the source of all pros-
perity against the wrongs and woes endured by
the laboriug people of countries in which social
distinctions are recognized by law, and ancient
evils are regarded us vested rights; and with
what steadiness and power ho endeavored to
protect the wages of the American workman, by
the imposition of adequate duties on the pro-
ductions of the under-paid laborers of Europe,
every gentleman on this floor knows. But he
was no foe to commerce. In the Republic his
youthful imagination pictured nature lent all
her aids to the people. The fields gave forth
rich harvests; the mines yielded their precious
or useful stores; and each mountain stream, as
it sped its way to the sea, lightened the burden
of man by moving tho machinery he guided
without exhausting labor. The'consumer and
the producer were neighbors, the most perfect
means of transportation facilitated exchanges
of commodities, and the taxes imposed by mid-
dle men aud the many agents required by trade
with distant nations were saved to the producer.
Whether, in the Legislature of Pennsylvania
or the Congress of the United States no pro-
ject for the development of latent resources
or improved transportation that came within
his conception of constitutional limits ever
failed for the want of his support. In view
of our almost limitless range of climate and
soil, and boundless and diversified agricultural
and mineral resources, he regarded our country
as sufficient not only for its present popula-
tion, but for hundreds of millions of people
in the enjoyment of every material comfort
and the refinements of a better than Augustan
age. Regarding our country as the refuge of
all who could flee from the inequalities of
other lands, and the intelligence of the peo-
ple as essential to its perpetuity, he held it to
be the primary duty of the State to insure the
proficiency of every child in "orthography,
reading, writing, grammar, and arithmetic,
which, by the experience of the world, are
pronounced to be the rudimental branches of
all knowledge." He would not consent to
withhold the privileges of an elector from a
man because lie was illiterate, and thus punish
him because the State had not done its duty by
him in childhood; but he proposed that the Gov-
ernment should provide school-houses, teach-
ers, and other appliances for the education of
all children, and then further enact "that no
father or guardian shall be^ permitted to vote
at any election for any public officer who shall
not have caused at least one half of the num-
ber of his children or wards between the
ages of fire and fifteen years, or if he have but
one, that one to attend school during at"
eight months, within each-of the years they are
entitled to attend school." ,, _
* To thos««rho believe tljat the thing that has
been is the thing that shall be forever, and
that that youthful giant, the American Repub-
lic, shall never escape from the leading-strings
in which he has consented to be held by those
bed-ridden hags,- the monarchies of Europe,
these theories, doubtless, sound like the rav-
ings of one bereft of reason. But those who
know the attractive influence of power, and
that the theater of our action is a virgin con-
tinent, with lakes, rivers, and coa~>t lines ca-
pable of accommodating in our internal or
domestic commerce a commercial marine far
greater than that which now carries the com-
merce of the world, will regard them as the
sure prophesy of the future that is before us.
Mr. Stevens believed in the possibility of the
commercial independence of tie United States.
He also kuewthatwhen that should be achieved
the people could bring their domestic relations
into harmony with the fundamental ideas of
their republican Government Wise men will
not think of him as a visionary because he
anticipated coming events and proposed benefi-
cent changes before the public mind was ripe
for their reception. A great truth bravely
uttered is never inopportune. Nor do time
and age blunt the aptness of such utterances ;
and the advanoed propositions and fervid words
with which Thaddeus Stevens so often stirred
our blood and swayed our judgment will shape
the future of the country. When the age is
riper other lips will echo them with persua-
sive and conclusive force. Then the Amer-
ican people, instead of asking the little nation-
alities of Europe what they may do, will dictate
tho internal policy those nations must adopt
on pain of seeing their most valuable citizens,
allured by our happier condition, come to swell
the power and grandeur of tho great Repub-
lic. Then will his dream be fulfilled, and thou
will the world behold the fitting monument of
Pennsylvania's greatest statesman, Thaddeus
Stevkns.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I feel no embar-
rassment in rising to unite my voice with those
who thus appropriately pay this last public
tribute of respect to the memory of our late
distinguished associate. The wide divergence
in opinion between us on the leading questions
of the times cannot deter me from the expres-
sion of a just homage to his character as a
man, whether considered as a citizen or as a
statesman.
As when living we recognized him as one of
the foremost intellects of this House, so now,
that being dead, let us forget the controversies
which divided us, and remember only the higher
qualities and personal attributes which have at
all times commanded our attention.
The great poet has said:
" Tho evil, that men do, lives aftor them;
The good is oft interred with their bonos."
Would that the reverse of this was true, so
that the ill which men do should be buried with
their bones, that the good, and the good only,
will live after them.
Mr. Speaker, this is, indeed, an interesting
occasion, not only in the performance of these
rites and the personal remembrances it re-
calls, but in the contemplations and reflections
it involuntarily forces upon the mind. It has
been said that the disappointments ia life are
many and the successes tragically few. While
this may apply to men in the aggregate, his-
tory and observation teach that the special
man may make conquests from time, surmount
difficulties, and attain the objects of his ambi-
tion. The sorrows, the trials, and tribulations
of the general man result from the confidence
reposed in and the deferred hopes of the eter-
nal to-morrow ; while the triumphs of the
special man may infallibly be traced to his
earnest action in the ever-living present—in
the realities of to-day! Time is always capri-
cious and often deceitful! To the youthful it
is full of hope , and golden promise. In the
aged-it fosters those fond anticipations, but
prolongs thqir realization; and> while huroa>D
expectation is most satiguine, it ftocjuets;witta
our hopes, and, itmay be, flits from our grasp.
The force and reason of these remarks ate
happily illustrated by the life and example of
that exalted citizen whose memory we now cel-
ebrate, to whose intellect and personal worth
we now pay homage. With him there wa-s-no
to-morrow in life. He was truthful to his in-
stincts, to his nature, and his public career
displayed the increasing activity of an ever-
present to-day.
Mr. Stevens was a man of rare natural mea- ^
tal power, which, together with much self-reli-
ance and entire independence of character,
rendered him at once the formidable and suc-
cessful leader. He relied upon these qualities
more than upon the common resources of infe-
rior men who yield to the errors and prejudices-
of the times rather' than suffer defeat. Him-
self a man of conviction, ljut not of policy, he
despised those who gaerificed the former to
the latter.
A bold thinker, and yet bolder aetor, he had
no patience with those who have no higher idea
of the nobh profession of politics than-to obtain
success by any means and at every hazard.
Of* a self reliant temperament he would not
conform to the prevailing conventionalism of
the day. He was a candid man. Whatever
mistakes of judgment the world may attribute
to him, they were not assumed for a purpose.
Caring little for popular favor or prejudice, be
pursued the even tenor of his way, enforcing
the doctrines he advocated with an earnestness
and power which no man could have done who
did not himself earnestly and honestly believe
them to be right. He utterly contemned de-
ception and hypocrisy. Those of us who
served with him on committees, and who were
brought into frequent personal intercourse
with him, will bear testimony to the frankness
and manliness of his bearing. Though tena-
cious in adhering to his own view he granted
the largest indulgence to the views of others
in the discussions in this House.
Well, indeed, may it be said of bim that he
was a special man, an embodiment of original
personal individuality. Whether his influence
was exercised for the good of his country this
is not the occasion to discuss, nor can it he
supposed that the present moment can well
decide. Identified with the present revolu-
tionary era, in which he was one-of the chief
revolutionists and most prominent leaders,
time, and time only, can determine whether
the talents and characteristics to which I have
referred were of injury or benefit to bis coun-
try. In my judgment, this generation will not
survive their unfortunate influence. Be that as
it may, he is gone—and gone forever. He has
passed to
" The umliacover'd country, from whose bourn
No traveler returns."
That he has left his impress upon the pres-
ent page of our history none can dispute ; that
lie possessed many manly qualities none can
deny; that he was a thoroughly honest, as well
as a truly great man, all will "admit. Let us
pass him to the grave as we hope others will
pass ourselves—forgetting the frailties incident
to our natures, and which appear to be insep-
arably connected with our being.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, few states-
men of any country have maintained through-
out a long public life the steadfast adherence
to principles laid down in early manhood which
characterized Thaddects Stevens. Universal
education, equality of human Tights, the ele-
vation of the weak, the poor, and the op-
pressed were not more ardent aims and objects
to him when he first espoused the cause of
human progress than when three quarters of a
century had rendered his infirm body an ill
match for his still young and vigorous mind.
Too frequently in men of all stations the
generous impulses and noble sentiments of
youth give place, with advancing years and
prosperity, to that fossil petrefaction of hu-
manity called conservatism, which is nothing
