1086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
Mr. HO WE. Already completed, and boats
-haye been running for years between the two
sheets of water. Between the Portage—by
which name I designate the carrying-place
between the two rivers—;and Lake Winnebago
runs, what is called the Upper Pox, by way of
distinction, a narrower and less capacious
stream than the river is below the lake, but
having from four -to six feet of water in low
stages, on which boats have been run. There
are no rapids. There has been. I believe, con-
structed one dam and lock with a lift of about
four feet. I-have never seen it in my life, but
I understand there is such a one, in order to
improve the character of that stream ; but boats
•ran on that stream before there was ever an
attempt to dam or lock it at all.
. Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
• Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I feel as much sympa-
thy in'the general enterprise as anyone not
living in Wisconsin can, and the importance
•of opening the waters of the Mississippi and
• thelakes; hut 1 wish to ask the Senator whether
there has not been a grant of lands for this
work, and whether the work is not owned by a
company, and whether tolls are not charged
«pon th« work ?
■- Mr. HOWE. ■ Yes, Mr. President, there
"was ligi'ant of lands made for the improve-
ment'of these rivers while Wisconsin was a
Territory, and by means of that grant, and
'other motleys provided by the State and by the
company, this improvement of the Pox river
has been made, and that work is owned by a
private company, and that company charge
tolls on the freight going over their line ; and
all that must be changed in some way before
I ever contemplate that the Government will
undertake to do the balance of this. Some
-arrangement will have to be made between
that company and the Government. I do not
expect that the company will ever ask, that
anybody else will ever ask, that the Govern-
ment should undertake to improve the Wis-
consin river as a feeder to that eanal without
some arrangement between the company and
the Government. It is because 110 such arrange-
ment has been made that no substantial appro-
priation is asked for toward the irnprtivement.
This is an experimental sum of money. Ifcwill
not make the improvement, nor will it impli-
cate the Government to that extent that terms
cannot be made entirely satisfactory with the
company.
I have the best of reasons for knowing, or
for believing, that the company do not expect
any private advantage out of this appropria-
tion, will not ask for any, and will make
any arrangement which they are requested to
make_ to prevent their receiving any benefit,
from it. I do not represent that company. I
.presume no Senator on this floor does. I do
(iot represent in this matter the State of Wis-
consin. _It is the country beyond the State of
- Wisconsin which is interested in this work.
The Senator from Indiana will understand that
there are three large railway companies now
with their eastern terminus on Lake Michigan,
in our State, employed in doing the very busi-
ness which 1 want this river improved in order
to do. The State of Wisconsin cannot there-
fore, as a State, have any direct interest in this
.work. Only a portion of our productions would
be tributary to it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator will
. ■allow me, that is not the, question I desired
information about. I wish to know whether
this is an appropriation of money to improve
a water which is now controlled by a private
company, and which improvement thus far has
JC(:n made by a grant of land?
Mr. IIOWB. Ho, sir. This money is to be
expended on a public highway; but it would
be tributary to what is now a private work.
1 he company lias no control ovor that river,
charges 110 tolls, cannot charge any tolls. The
commerce on that river is as free as it is on
.lie Mississippi.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is what I wanted
to. know.
Mr. HOWE. Bat it would be tributary to
this work, as the Mississippi itself is.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not object to that.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator understands
me, 1 was explaining the attitude of the State
of Wisconsin by reason of the Senator's re-
marking that he felt as much interest in this as
one could not living in the State of Wisconsin.
I think the Senator and myself both would feel
vastly more interest in it if we lived beyond
the Mississippi than if we lived anywhere on
this side of it.
Mr. COLE. Before the Senator from Wis-
consin takes his seat I should like to call his
attention to. one view of this matter which it
seems to mo he has overlooked. He drew an
argument from the Erie canal, which may be
said to be of more benefit to the West than to the
State of New York; and for the same reasons,
he alleges, this improvement would be of more
benefit to the portions of the country west of
Wisconsin than to Wisconsin itself. But in
both cases, I apprehend, the improvement is a
benefit to the State in which it is made; and let
me ask the Senator from Wisconsin if it is ask-
ing too much of the State of Wisconsin to under-
take some of these improvements for herself,
as did the State of New York when she dug the
Erie canal? I presume it may be of some
advantage to portions of the country outside of
the State of Wisconsin, but of more advantage
to that State, perhaps, than to any other ; and
certainly of sufficient advautage to that State,
if I understand the Senator, to induce that
State to undertake this improvement 1 under-
stand the Wisconsin river is of itself not, navi-
gable, and therefore the work that is proposed
here tor that river is equivalent to making a
canal of it, which, perhaps, is the legitimate
work of the State in which it is to he made ;
and probably, though Florida and Oregon may
be called 011 to contribute, it might not be of
much advantage to those two States to have
this work completed.
Mr. HOWE. Let me say in reply to my
friend from California that when Wisconsin
wanted any rivers improved for herself she
will do it for herself, she will accept his sug-
gestion. _lf the Senator from California thinks
that this improvement is made for the benefit
of Wisconsin he ought to vote against it, and
I presume he will. [ certainly should if I
thought it was made for the benefit of Wiscon-
sin. But if it is of real value to the public to
have this carrying which is done through \Vis-
consin, done at a saving of §10,000,000 a year,
then it is worth while for the Senator from
California to consider whether he could not
afford to vote $10,000 out of the national
Treasury in order to initiate the work. That
is the light in which I put it. I want my friend
from California to rest entirely assured that
the State of Wisconsin as an entity, is entirely
content with having this carrying done over
her "sacred soil" in the way it is now done
by railways. The State of Wisconsin is doing
very well there. It is not her products that
are to be transported over this channel. It is
the products of all the world.
Mr. CHANDLER. It always affords me
pleasure to listen to the Senator from Wiscon-
sin. I shall be glad to hear him go into statis-
tics of the commerce of the earth and show
how many tons of freight are transported on
the railroads of the earth, and likewise 011 all
the canals and rivers of the earth.
Mr. HOWE. My friend will allow me to
say that if he had asked me to go into that
before the committee made this report, it
would have been a great advantage I think to
the committee, and have saved me the necessity
of occupying the time of the Senate now.
Mr. CHANDLER. But that has nothing
on earth to do with the proposition before the
Senate. I prefer that he should go into these
statistics when some other bill is under con-
sideration. The only question now is whether
we shall expend $40,000 without knowing
what we are going to do with it. As the Sen-
ator says, there are three propositions for this
improvement, one for wing-dam navigation,
another for partial slack water and a partial
canal, and another for a through canal. If
he could tell me which plan would be finally
adopted, I could then tell him whether this ap-
propriation would be judiciously expended. But
if they expend $40,000 on wing-dams and then
decide for a canal the $40,000 are wasted; or
if they expend the $40,000 upon a canal" and
then decide upon wing-dams the $40,000 are
wasted.
But, sir, I ask for a vote. I have nothing
to say about this proposition. 1 hope Senators
will permit us to have a vote and to pass the bill
in some shape. The committee has exorcised
its very best discretion in reporting this hill.
It has adopted the revised estimates of the
board of engineers ; and if the Senate do not
concur with the committee let them vote down
our amendment. I ask for a vote.
Mr. HOWE. A vote shall be had presently.
I only rise now to protest against one argument
urged by the Senator from Michigan, which is
that we should not make this appropriation
because we do not know what is going to be
doue with this money. If that is a sound argu-
ment against this appropriation 1 respectfully
suggest whether it is not a souud argument
against every other appropriation iu the bill?
Mr. CHANDLER. No,_ sir.
Mr. HOWE. I doubt if we know what is
going to be done with any appropriation in the
bill. The engineers at the War Office proba-
bly do know, and could inform us if they were
asked.
Mr. CORBETT. I merely wish to say that
1 do not understand that this .appropriation
was stricken out because it was not a merit-
orious one. It may be a very meritorious ap-
propriation ; but the question was whether these
appropriations should be considered upon this
bill or upon another bill that is to originate in
the other House. A bill was reported, and a
large number of amendments placed upon it
in the House. There was a bill reported ac-
! cording to the engineers' estimates, and we
; have cut every one down to the estimates of
I the engineers. Now, if we allow one appro-
i priation outside of those to be placed on the
I hill we open the way for every other appro-
1 priation that has been stricken out in the House
; to be added. If the Senate so decide I am
perfectly willing, I am sure. We exercised our
best judgment on the subject, and we thought
it best to confine the bill to the appropriations
recommended by the engineer department. As
I understand it, this appropriation was not rec-
ommended by the engineer department on this
bill, and therefore we struck it out, as we did
all similar items. That is the simple state of
the case.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment of the
committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The amend-
ment, is to strike out the appropriation, as I
understand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then those
in favor of striking out will vote "ay."
The PRESIDENT jjro tempore put the ques-
tion, and declared that the noes appeared to
have it.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for a division.
The question being put, on a division, twelve
Senators voted in the affirmative.
Mr. CHANDLER. I give it up.
_ The PRESIDEN T %>ro tempore. Is it
given up?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. The chairman gives it up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not give it up.
The PRESIDENT^rotoipore. Is the Sen-
ate satisfied with the vote ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, sir; I
ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This is an
appropriation for an internal improvement
wholly within one single State ; and by the
