1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1087
best information brought before the Committee
oil Commerce, it will require several million
dollars to make it of any value. It will be
necessary to make a canal the whole length of
the distance if that plan is decided upon ; or
if the other plan is decided upon, according to
the opinion of the engineer, it will be one of
very little value. The depth of the river as a
whole is about two feet. Therefore it has got
to be made at least double or more than that
in depth for a long number of miles. The bot-
tom of the river being of shifting sands, it was
the opinion of the engineer that these wing-
dams, placed upon it in order to deepen the
depth, would be liable to be carried off an-
nually ; and that the bottom would shift, so
that it was very uncertain, as a question of
improvement, whether it would last for any
length of time. I hope the Senate will vote
down the appropriation.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I sympa-
thize with the wish of the chairman of the
committee to make progress with this bill; but
as the yeas and nays have been demanded on
this question I beg to assign some of the reasons
which lead me to vote for this appropriation.
It is not my way to differ with the honorable
Senator from Vermont, or from that Senator
who is foremost in opposing unnecessary ap-
propriations of money ; but in this case I am
forced to differ with him entirely in the con-
clusion to which he comes.
Now, sir, in one word let us see what this is.
The appropriation is attacked by the chairman
of the committee, and now by the honorable
Senator from Vermont, mainly upon the ground
that no one knows exactly what is to be done
with this money, which assertion he reenforced
by the fact that the sands are shifting, that the
bottom is dubious, and that nobody knows that
wing-dams will stand, or that permanency can
be imparted to the improvement. I had occa-
sion last summer to look at these rivers care-
fully, and also to look at the upper Mississippi,
to float slowly down that stream betimes, and
then to ground betimes on banks of this shift-
ing sand.
Mr. GRIMES. On the Wisconsin river?
Mr. CONKLING. The Upper Mississippi,
I beg the honorable Senator to observe, a
stream with which he is, no doubt, familiar,
and I wish the Senator was so familiar with it
that he could tell the Senate how much money
has been appropriated, as this money is pro-
posed to be appropriated, to govern and guide
and locate the shifting sands of the Upper Mis-
sissippi. On the boat upon which I came down
was the officer having in charge that work, and
if the honorable Senator from Vermont had
heard him state theimpossibility of defining with
any certainty the true way to improve that river,
and how far the problem was still an unsolved
problem whether it could be improved at all or
not, he would find a much stronger case than
he finds here for opposing the appropriation
because the sands are shifting and the particu-
lar application of the money is uncertain.
Mr. GRIMES. I think I can answer the
Senator's inquiry as to the amount of money
that has been expended in locating the shifting
sands of the Upper Mississippi—not a dollar.
Mr. CONKLING. Well, in improving the
Upper Mississippi.
Mr. RAMSEY. I can also inform the Sen-
ator that but one appropriation has ever been
made for the Mississippi river above the rapids
of Des Moines in all the history of time.
Mr CONKLING. How much has been
expended already ?
Mr. RAMSEY. About fifty thousand dol-
lars, for the survey and all.
Mr. GRIMES. The improvements in the
upper Mississippi are made in rock formation,
by the excavation of rock in the channel.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
from Iowa apparently did not understand the
illustration which I was seeking from this fact.
Now, he says, the improvements take place in
the rock formation. I say, because I speak
upon the evidence of my own eyes, that dredg-
ing is going on there by two ponderous ma-
chines attached to two boats which are moving
from the channel the shifting sands of the upper
Mississippi; and the honorable Senator from
Minnesota knows much better than I do the
fact of which I speak. I am not attacking
that appropriation at all. On the contrary, if
I did not vote for it, it was because I was not
here to vote when it was made. I say to that
Senator that I shall vote to reenforce that
appropriation when it becomes necessary.
The_point I am presenting, however, Mr.
President, is this: that if, because the Senate
is unable to tell precisely how the money is to be
devoted, or unable to foretell whether or not by
reason of the shifting of the sands the improve-
ment will be permanent, the appropriation
should not bo made, that argument is applicable
to the Mississippi, to the Missouri, and to other
rivers and to other improvements just as much
as to this. It was merely for the purpose of
dismissing that suggestion that I ventured to
cite other instances equally open with this where
it has not been held to prevail, where I should
not hold it to prevail, and where a majority of
the two Houses of Congress have discarded it
practically from their consideration. My friend
from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] points me in this
very bill to this itom :
For improvement of the Upper Mip=issippi river
and removing snags and dredging, $60,000.
The committee propose to cut that sum down
to $20,000, because §40,000 have been already
expended. I need not go beyond this item to
justify all I have said, because no sands shift
more than they shift there; no stream is in-
volved in a greater uncertainty as to whether
wing-dams or some other mode of preserving
the channel of commerce is the best one to
adopt.
Now, Mr. President, what is this case?
There is one thing doubtful in this case; there
is a problem which is to be solved only by
experiment, which must commence at some
time, and which engineers affirm at this time
can be made by the appropriation of $40,000.
Here are waters which, perhaps, and as engi-
neers believe, can be so improved and con-
nected as to give steam navigation between the
Mississippi river and the thousands of miles
of water communication connected with that
river and the inland lakes, and so with the sea.
That is the proposition. I have had my atten-
tion drawn to this subject for a long time, and
I formed an opinion about it long ago. If I
had not I would not, upon the part of the
debate to which I have listened, venture an
opinion here. I believe, and I am ready to he
held to the expression of that opinion, that
among all the public improvements looking to
a development of the material resources of this
country, there is scarcely one in embryo so
important in its promise, so advantageous _ in
its successful future, as that improvement which
experimentally is to be demonstrated by this
tabooed appropriation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator from New York permit me to ask him,
when he bestows such high eulogies upon this
proposition, whether he thinks it superior to
a canai around the Niagara Falls on the Ameri-
can side?
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend
evidently wishes to get me into Canada ; and I
recollect the time several years ago when a
predecessor of his from New England had an
engagement in Canada which was arranged
here in this capital, and which led to a great
deal of embarrassment on both sides. I hope
that the honorable Senator has no designs of
an unpleasant character upon me; but I beg
of him not to take me out of the jurisdiction.
I prefer to stay in the realm where I have the
protection of my own laws. Therefore I de-
cline to go with him to the Falls of Niagara,
either on the American side or on the side
from which Table Rock, I believe, fell.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. But the Sen-
ator from New York is a good lawyer, and if
he can justify an appropriation of the_ char-
acter of that "which is under consideration, it
will form a good precedent for me in my action
in relation to a ship-canal around Niagara
falls, and I shall be very happy to avail myself
of so good an example.
Mr. CONKLING. When the bill for a ship-
canal around the Niagara falls comes here, I
propose to have a class-meeting with my hon-
orable friend, and compare, gifts with him on
that subject. I will promise him to do it, if
he pleases, at that time; but just now I would
rather finish the brief observations that I wish
to make about the matter in hand.
Here, I say, is an improvement which, if it
can be made, is of immense importance, not
locally in the sense of some of the harbors
which I might point out in this bill, which have
not been excluded by the committee, but of
great importance to the whole country, not
merely west of the Mississippi, but east of the
Mississippi; everywhere, from the centerto the
circumference of our dominions; It is said we
do not know what is to be done with this money.
We know that exactly this is to be done with
it: the Fox-river is improved already -r the Wis-
consin river is not improved, and is not likely
to be unless some impulse is given it by the
Government. Whether it can be successfully
improved within reasonable bounds is not cer-
tain. That is the point made against it. How
are you going to ascertain whether it can be
I made or not ? Shall we ascertain it as the fool
in Horace tried to ascertain something, by
waiting on the shore until the river ran by that
he might go over dry-footed? No, sir; but
somebody must enter the stream to find out
whether it can be improved or not.
Now, we are told by business men and scien-
tific men who have devoted their attention
assiduouslyto the point that $40,000 devoted to
dredging and otherwise will solve this problem,
not that it will complete the improvement, but
that it will ascertain by that test which is most
certain, the test of actual experience, whether
in truth it can be done or not. Is that a nebu-
lous, general, indefinite, and unsatisfactory use
of money? Not t,o me. On the contrary the
information will be worih all it cost, and if it
turns out to be a success, I venture to say that
no member of this body will be foremost in
rising to say " Now, although it is proved that
a moderate expenditure which can be stated
will effect and complete this improvement, I
brand it with disapprobation, and I undertake
to stand in its way and to say that by my voice
and my vote it shall not go on." I undertake
to say that no Senator will justify that position
if it turns out that this improvement can be
made, unless it be some Senator who, going
back 'to older times, takes position altogether
against congressional legislation for internal
improvements. That will be logical; but if we
are going to improve, then I think we should not
be excusable if we refused to make an improv-
ment like this, provided it turns out to be feas-
ible, and whether it is feasible or not can be
ascertained only by trying, and I have heard no
"Senator say that $40,000 is in truth an unreason-
able or unnecessary sum with which to make
the trial. Therefore, sir, I shall vote with
pleasure for this appropriation.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, some
men intuitively know all things; others do
not. The Senator from New York is prepared
to discuss all questions of every description
without apparent investigation, and to settle
them, and to settle them definitely. The Com-
mittee on Commerce had before it the engineer
of this work—General Warren—took his testi-
mony twice, consulted with the engineers at
the War Department, sought all the light they
could obtain from every source ; but they did
not know that we possessed in this body a uni-
versal genius, and that all that was nocessary
was to apply to him—the Senator from New
York—and that that would end it. He knows
more about shifting sands and rocks and the
beds of rivers than all the engineers who have
investigated the work. In future we shall
know where to apply. The committee availed
itself of all the light that was at its command,
and reported in accordance with that light.
If the Senate sees fit to sustain the committee,
