I'M
COK-GBISBIO^AL GLOBE.
December it,
hope', for whatever may "be the theories of men,
whatever our.hope.for. ourselves or for others
in the life" which never dies, let us trust that
better than all our faiths, and more compre-
hensive than our grandest conceptions, an all-
wise Creator has ordained a plan as broad as
the universe, $nd as just as it is infinite, which
will compensate in the future life every, soul
which has struggled and suffered for maiikind
in this.
Mr. Speaker, there are moments in the ex-
periences of all when we eannotconvey to other
hearts the emotions <jf our own. To me such
a moment is the present. :So many reminis-
cences are crowding upon me, and so many
wonderful scenes in which out departed friend
was an'actor are passing as a panorama before
'me, that I feel how short I should come of
'doing tfiem'or him justice were I to dwell upon
them. No man who loves his country and
passed through those scenes in these Sails can
ever forget them. When I first entered this
House, ten years ago, Mr. Stevens was one of
the first to take me by the hand arid welcome
me. Prom that day until the day of his death
he was my friend, and often my adviser and
counselor. However often I may have differed
with him—as I often did—there was one ques-
tion about which we never differed : the ques-
tion of the necessity of the immediate and
unconditional • abolition of slavery. Of the
practicability and justice of destroying slavery
He never doubted. 1 am thankful that he was
spared to witness the end of that indescribable
villainy. I rejoice to know that as the gates
of the Eternal World opened up before him he
was permitted to look back upon the land he
loved and nowhere behold the foofprints of a
single slave. Because of his urnvaveringfidelity
to the poor bondsmen, who, in the presence of
a nation of oppressors, were manacled and pow-
erless and dumb, I came to venerate him; and
because I venerated him I come to-dny to cast
a garland upon his tomb. In this selfish world
there is nothing-which so strongly enlists my
sympathies and so tnuch commands my ad-
miration as a heroic and unselfish life spent
in the interests of mankind. To me it is the
most touching and buautiful of all human
struggles.
In espousing the cause of the slave, more
than forty years ago, Mr. Stevens voluntarily
accepted social and political ostracism, anil
patiently endured the persecutions of ignorant
ami maddened men, for whose highest interest
he was laboring. He did this without fee or
hope of political reward, simply because he
believed it to lie right; and because he was
right we shall some day see the children of the
men who stoned him gladly join hands with
the liberated slave in hearing back the stones,
in the simps of blocks of whitest marble, with
which to build his monument.
I do not assume to write his epitaph. In a
speech delivered in this House January 13.
lo85, he said—1 read from volume fifty-four of
the Globe, page 286:
.J'1 TW !,<J,satisfied if my epitaph shall be written
thus: lierolvs onowhonevorrosetoanyominenoe,
and who only oourtsd the low ambition to have it
diiKl that ho bud etriven to ameliorate the condition
of tue poor, the lowly, the downtrodden of everv
racs and language and color.'"
The grand blows which he struck in his great
battle for liberty and justice will long survive
him and leave their impress upon all lands,
strengthening the purpose of the toiling aud
struggling millions of earth. His successful
life-battle should teach us the value and self-
sustaining power of a life consecrated to the
best interests of his country and his fellow-
men.
In this impressive hour, while reviewing his
heroic and unselfish acts, let ns renew our vows
of fidelity to the great principles which he so
long, so abiy, and so faithfully, maintained.
Let us here, and now, pledge our lives anew to
the cause of human liberty and human prog-
ress, resolving that no obstacle nor selfish
interest shall cause us to falter, so that when
we descend to the tomb the benedictions of
mankind shall bless ns, as they now bless him
for wjiam we mourn, and it"shall be said of us
as it is'now said of him:
*' He hath-'not lived In vain."
After a long and stormy battle, with a record
which the friends of freedom will ever cherish,
full of years aud crowned with honors, he—
"Has'gone from this strange world of ours,
No more to gather its thorns with its flowers;
No more to linger where sud beams mustfj.de;
Where, on all Oea«ty, Death's fingers are laid.
Weary with mingling life's bitter and sweet;
Weary .with parting and never to meet.
Weary with sowing, and never to reap;
Weary witli labor and welcoming sleep.
In uhrist may he rest," from sorrow and sin
Happy, where earth's conflicts enter not in.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Speaker, during the
recess of Congress my venerable colleague,
Hon. Thaddecs Stevexs, of the ninth district,
passed from the turmoils of life to the peace
and quiet of the tomb. He was participating
with us in legislation when we adjourned On
the 27th of July last, and although he was
enfeebled in bodily health I joined with many
others in an earnest hope that he would be
spared to meet with us when we again as-
sembled here for the transaction of business.
The realization of that hope has not been
vouchsafed to us. On the 12th of August last,
at one o'clock a. m., at his temporary resi-
dence within a short distance from the Capitol,
he died..
Thadpbtts Stevests was born on the 4th of
April, 1792, in the town of Danville, Caledo-
nia county, Vermont. The pecuniary circum-
stances of his parents being limited, they were
unable to furnish means for his education.
Animated with a purpose to succeed, through
his own perseverance and energy he was suc-
cessful in acquiring a liberal education. Upon
the completion of his collegiate course he bid
adieu to his native State and home, and in the
year 1814, at the age of twenty-two, reached
the borough of York, Pennsylvania. Teach-
ing school for a livelihood ar.d studying law in
the spare hours that intervened, he gradually
prepared himself for the stern intellectual con-
flicts of his after life. He was admitted to the
bar m Adams county, and soon rose to the head
of his profession.
His oratorical powers, general information,
and keenness of wit gained for him a State-
wide celebrity. As an advocate he was quick
and powerful. Laying hold of the strong points
in a cause he presented them in a succinct
and comprehensive manner. A large and
lucrative professional practice flowed in upon
him, and almost at the outset he displayed that
charity and generosity of his nature which dis-
tinguished his entire life. He was always an
ardent friend of public improvement and uni-
versal education, a bitter opponent to human
slavery and oppression. In 1833 he became a
candidate for the State Legislature, and was
elected and reflected almost without opposi-
tion up to 1836, when lie was chosen a mem-
ber of the convention to revise the constitution
of the State. During his services in the Legis-
lature and constitutional convention the atten-
tion of the country was attracted to his peculiar
opinions, capacities, and character. With a
cultured mind, formidable in debate and fear-
less in expression, he immediately became a
leader and foremost in every movement that
contemplated the improvement of the people
and of his adopted State. In the convention
for the amendment of the State constitution he
was a violent opponent to the insertion of the
word "white" asa qualification of voters, and
opened upon its advocates all the invective of
his ardent nature. But the crowning glory of
his life is the noble disinterestedness, the manly
courage, and the indomitable will displayed
and exercised in the advocacy of the common-
school system of.Pennsy lvania. To his tireless
efforts are the people of his adopted State in-
debted for the .incalculable blessing of free
schools. Seconded in his efforts by the gen-
erous assistance of Governor George Wolf,
he succeeded in having the school law passed,
and when ignorance and prejudice sought and
urged its repeal he again stood up in its de-
fense.. In a speech which abashed his oppo-
nents, and which the young of to-day still read
with enthusiasm, he portrayed in a glowing
light the grandeur of the syt>tem and the im-
portance of mental culture in order to sustain
a republican form of government. To-day its
benefits are seen and acknowledged. To day
the ostentatious rich and the humble poor
drink at its.fountain. To-day, standing by the
tomb of its originator, thousands pay tribute to
his memory and worth.
Mr. Stevens was prominent in the adminis-
tration of Governor Bitner, and by him ap-
pointed canal commissioner. He subsequently
realized that his undivided attention to politics
had caused him to neglect his private affairs,
and especially his large furnace in Adams
county.. He found himself involved in debts,
said to exceed two hundred thousand dollars,
caused mainly by his partner in the iron busi-
ness. His ardent desire was to liquidate that
indebtedness. The practice of the law at the
Gettysburg bar offered little prospect for pay-
ing so large a sum, consequently he concluded
to remove to a more extensive field, and finally
selected Lancaster as his futu?e abode. His
extensive legal acquirements and superior
abilities secured for him a large and lucrative
practice at his new home, which in a few years
enabled him to liquidate his entire indebted-
ness. Standing at the head of his profession,
his many generous traits, political tact, and
superiority won the confidence and respect of
his fellow-citizens. In 1848 he was nominated
and elected to the Thirty-B'irst Congress, and
in 1850 was reelected to the Thirty-Second
Congress. At the expiration of his second
term he again devoted hisattention to the pur-
suits of his profession. He was afterward
elected to the Thirty-Seventh, Thirty-Eighth,
Thirty-Ninth, and Fortieth Congress. Being
a member of Congress during the most crit-
ical period of the nation's life, he displayed
superior statesmanship and unflinching patriot-
ism. Through all this stormy period his voice
rang clear and loud, amid the peeans of victory
and the glooms of national disaster,for the
triumph of liberty and the permanency of the
llepublic.
Believing in the justness of our cause, fully
impressed with the importance of our success,
he advanced with a majestic tread toward the
realization of his hopes. He lived to see the
Federalauthority vindicated, rebellion crushed,
and the constitutional eradication of that bar-
baric institution against which for more than
half a century he waged his grand but merci-
less crusade. Then, the nation's power vindi-
cated, its life rescued, its people freed, and its
honor maintained, standing iu the midst of his
iutellectualand political triumphs, with his fame
national and his name immortal, death inter-
vened and drew the curtain over the drama of
his long and eminently useful life. We shall
never forget the meteoric displays of his pon-
derous logic, his burning rhetoric, his wither-
ing sarcasm. They are a part of the history and
giory of the American Congress. Sleeping in
his honored grave in his adopted State, resting
from earthly care snd toils, the melody of his
grand life still is sounding: and rolling like the
heavmgsof the sea.5' His name, interwoven
and commingled with the philosophy of our
most momentous history, will flow without in-
terruption down the lapse of ages, the accom-
paniment of the great drama of human prog-
ress. His example, so potent and talismanic
in the furtherance of philanthropy, will grow
brighter^ and brighter as time advances and
bravery is honored. He passed away t( with
the calm composure of an old hero of romance
who had come into the world with th^ birfch-
liberty for the peoples^Tt He die i 4oblyr
a§ he had nobly lived, leaving his example as
a guidingt&tar to the World-
"Fleet foot on the eorrei,
Sasre counsel 1n cumber,
Ked hand iu tbc foray,
- • Ho# tym&d is thy slumber!
kike the "dew on the mountain.
Like the foam on the river,
nj ?* bubble oa the. fountain.
Thou art goa-e, and foi-ever V*
