1869;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1841
Mr. EDMUNDS. I report from the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment on the subject of a
resolution instructing that committee to make
an examination of the methods adopted in the
Treasury Department in printing bonds, notes,
and other securities of the United States; what
guards have been adopted to prevent fraud and
mistakes; what additional measures, if any,
ought to be adopted to prevent frauds and mis-
takes ; whether there has been any fraudulent
or erroneous issue of bonds, notes, or secur-
ities ; and if so, by whose fault -or negligence,
and the proper remedy and prevention thereof;
and especially to examine the official conduct
of those charged with printing, registering, and
issuing any notes, bonds, or other securities of
the United States. I make this report cover-
ing a great deal of ground and a great amount
of treasure, and accompanied by a large amount
of statistics and evidence which will be filed
with the Secretary : and I ask leave of the Sen-
ate, if there be no objection, to make such
additions in the way of explanations and com-
Eletion of the tables as shall be necessary to
ave the subject perfectly understood. The
committee have been so pressed for time, cover-
ing so much ground, that the report is not in
that complete state that it ought to be to be
perfectly understood. I therefore ask that
permission.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. No objec-
tion being interposed, leave will be granted to
the committee to make any further additions to
their report.
Mr. EDMU'NDS. I move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
RECESS.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the Senate take
a recess to-day from half past four to seven
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions
received from the House of Representatives
were severally read twice by their titles, and
referred as indicated below:
The bill (H. R. No. 2022) to repeal the first
section of an act relating to appeals to the
Supreme Court—to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 2023) to amend an act
entitled ''An act imposing taxes on distilled
spirits and tobacco, and for other purposes,"
approved July 20, 1868—to the Committee on
Finance.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 478) relating
to the pay of, the Sergeant-at-Arms—to the
Committee on Appropriations.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 474) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to admit
free of duty a certain submarine telegraph
cable—to the Committee on Finance.
THOMAS A. OSBORN.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 475) for the
appointment of Thomas A. Osborn as manager
of the National Asylum for Disabled Volun-
teer Soldiers was read twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous* consent
to put the House joint resolution appointing
Thomas A. Osborn manager of the National
Asylum for Disabled and Volunteer Soldiers
on its passage.
There being no objection the Senate, as in
Committee of the Vv' hole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 475) for
the appointment of Thomas A. Osborn as man-
ager of the National Asylum'for Disabled Vol-
unteer Soldiers. It provides for the appoint-
ment of Mr. Osborn in place of and'for the
unexpired term of Richard J. Oglesby, of Illi-
nois.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, communicating the report of the trus-
40tii Cong. 3d Skss.—No. 116.
tees of schools of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown ; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiersojt, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
1744) to strengthen the public credit and re-
lating to contracts for the payment of coin, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
Vf. W. CORCORAN.
Mr. HARLAN. I move now that the Sen-
ate proceed with the consideration of the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 413) in relation to lands
and other property of W. W. Corcoran, in the
District of Columbia, used by the United States
Government during and since the war of the
rebellion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy.) The question is on the passage of the
joint resolution, upon which' the "yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Thequestion being taken,resulted—yeas 34,
nays 3 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bnekalew-Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Conness, Cragin, Drake, Fessenden, Har-
lan, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Kel-
logg, McOreery. McDonald, Morgan, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy,-"Ramsey,
Rice, Robertson, Ross, Sumner, Trumbull, Van
Winkle. Vickers, Whyte, Willey, and Wilson—34.
NA VS — Messrs. Stewart, Thayer, and Wade—3.
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Anthony. Bayard,
Cameron, Corbett, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Ed-
munds, Ferry, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes,
Howe, Morton, Norton, .Nye, Osborn, Pool, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Tipton,
Warner, Welch, Williams, and Yates—29.
So the joint resolution wis passed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
citizens of Martinsburg, West Virginia, mem-
bers of the German Evangelical church of that
town, praying compensation for their church
destroyed by Ire while it was occupied and used
by United States troops, ask to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that the
petitioners have leave to withdraw their peti-
tion and papers ; which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judieiary, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 2022) to repeal the first section of an
act relating to appeals to the Supreme Court,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration y which was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 900) granting a pen-
sion to William B. Looney, of Alabama, re-
ported that the committee had met, and after
full and free conference had been' unable to
agree.
On mqtion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads be discharged from the further consider-
ation of all matters heretofore committed to them
and not reported upon.
NORMAN WIARD.
Mr. NYE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 2021,
for the relief of Norman Wiard.
Mr. GRIMES. • I do not think that matter
can be disposed of between this time and the
hour for a recess.
Mr. NYE. I will say a single word. I do
not suppose it will lead to debate.
Mr. GRIMES. It will. It is a claim with
which I am quite familiar, and I have several
documents'that I desire to refer to.
Mr. NYE. I do not suppose the honorable
Senator's familiarity with it changes the nature
of tlie claim! The claim rests upon the report
of a joint committee of both Houses, known,
1 believe, as the Committee on Ordnance, and
the bill has passed the House with great una
nimity. I submit that after that the honorable
Senator from Iowa will hardly propose to op-
Eose it. It is a claim that, if it is due at all,
as been due a good while, and the individual
to whom it is due is suffering.
Mr. GRIMES. It is very true that it is
reported at the suggestion of the Committee
on Ordnance, and amounts to $139,000.
Mr. NYE. ' One hundred and twenty-five
thousand dollars.
Mr. GRIMES. It is also true that I have
in my possession a statement of the account to
which Mr. Norman Wiard agreed, amounting
to $4,080, whicli he accepted over his own
signature as being a discharge of all the claims
embraced in the bill.
> Mr. NYE. That may be so ; but I think if
it was so I could avoid that admission on the
ground of lunacy.
Mr. GRIMES. If you want to go on with
it I am content.
Mr. NYE. I do not think, this committee
have stumbled over such an obstacle as that,
and from the amount of guns he furnished
it was entirely impossible that that could have
been his intention.
Mr. GRIMES. How many did he furnish?
Mr. NYE. I will submit the question. I
desire to take up the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill for consideration.
The motion was not agreed to.
REMOVAL Of DISABILITIES.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1880, to remove disabilities. It has been read
and discussed, and I suppose we can have a
vote on itvery soon.
Mr. CONKLING. We can do that, I think,
after the recess. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and the Sergeant-
at-Arms was directed to clear the galleries.
Mr. McCREERY. I ask as a favor, while
the galleries are being cleared, that the vote
be taken on House bill No. 1880. It is the
last request I expect to make of this Congress.
Other gentlemen have occupied a great deal
of time in speaking; but I simply ask while
the galleries are being cleared that the vote
may be taken on this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That may
be done by unanimous consent.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 1880) to relieve
certain persons therein named from political
disabilities.  
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
has been read and the reported amendments
" to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to know before I
vote for or against this bill how many men are
included ifi it?
Mr. McCREERY. There arefourgentlemen
from Kentucky, and I indorse them all as peace-
able and law-abiding citizens.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Are they all that are in
the bill ?
Mr. McCREERY. Four from that State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Who are the others ?
Mr. STEWART. It is a House bill. We
have added names to it. I do"not know the
exact number. .
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand it comes
from the Judiciary Committee. I make no
objection.
-The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill w$s read the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business; and at half past four
o'clock the doors were reopened, and the Sen-
ate, pursuant to order, took a recess until seven
o'elock p. m.
