1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1ST
Mr. ORTH. Mr. Speaker, the grave has
closed over the earthly remains of one of free-
dom's most ardentandeloquentadvocates. The
voice ouce so familiar iu these Halls is hushed
in death ; its sound no longer greets our ears,
but its bold and fervid enunciations will never
be forgotten.
That herpic devotion to truth and justice, to
equality and fraternity we so often admired,
and which is exemplified by countless acts and
incidents extending through years and years of
au active existence, is a most worthy example
for all good men.
The principles which he professed and the
work which he performed, professions and
practice being in perfect harmony, will in all
future time and in all nations render the
name of Stevens a synonym for human liberty.
Living in an age when opportunities for the
accomplishment of great deeds abounded, he
seized upon and improved these opportunities.
His mind grasped the true philosophy of
events, and his practical common sense mold-
ed it into forms of enduring usefulness. Living
not unto himself his life has not been in vain,
and the impress of his genius upon the age in
which he lived will be as permanent as his
fame.
The early history of Thaddeus Stevens is
similar to that of many of our ablest and most
prominent public men. His parents were iti
indigent circumstances, and hence in his
youth he was thrown upon his own resources,
and taught those lessons of self-reliance which
proved so valuable to him and to his country,
lie was born in the State of Vermont in 1792,
and spent the days of his youth and early man-
hood among her people, whose thrift, energy,
and frugality, long since proverbial, made a
lasting impression upon his nature. He en-
tered the academy of Peacham, and, by teach-
ing during the vacations of school, he procured
the means by which he was enabled to prepare
himself to enter upon a collegiate course of
studies at Dartmouth College, where, in due
time, he graduated with distinction.
He often referred, with evident gratification,
to his academic days at Peacham, and evinced
his attachment for the old academy by frequent
donations of books to its library, as also by a
valuable bequest in his last will and testament.
Leaving his New England home, he selected
Pennsylvania as his future place of residence,
locating temporarily in the town of York, where
he engaged m teaching school while prosecut-
ing his legal studies. He was admitted to the
bar in 1817, and immediately located in Get-
tysburg, where he continued to practice his
profession with assiduity and marked success
for the ensuing twenty-five years. His studious
habits, his classic education, his attention to
business, and his eloquence and ability soon
placed him and kept him at the head of his
profession, at a time, too, when he was brought
into frequent contact with some of the best
legal talent of the State. His bearing in the
presence of the court and bar was always dig-
nified and courteous, his cases were thoroughly
digested and understood, and while he guarded
carefully their weak points, he readily per-
ceived and took advantage of those of his ad-
versary. In the examination of witnesses he
was most successful, his pleasing and insinu-
ating address gaining the confidence of the wit-
ness and eliciting a truthful recital of the facts,
while his intimate knowledge of human nature
enabled him at a glance to detect prevarica-
tion or dissimulation; and when detected^ he
made the witness writhe under his unmerciful
cross-examination. _
He was invincible in the presentation of his
facts, the application -of the law to the testi-
mony, and in the influence of his eloquence
over the hearts and minds of the jurors.
Milton, one of his favorite authors, says:
" True eloquence I find to be none but serious and
hearty iove of truth."
And this love of truth was one of the strongest
elements in the character of Mr. STEVENS, and
enabled him so successfully to carry conviction
to his hearers. He never practiced the arts
of dissimulation, not merely because he was
ignorant of their uses, but for the reason that
his very nature, whose impulses he followed,
led him to deal with perfect frankness and
candor on every occasion.
He was equally candid with friend and foe,
and nothing could induce him to betray the
one or clandestinely injure the other. This
virtue he practiced in the privacy of social
life, at the bar, in his struggles on the political
rostrum, and in the discharge of his severer
and more exalted duties in the halls of legis-
lation, and this, more than anything else,
formed and increased the attachment of his
friends and challenged the respect of las ene-
mies. Did I say his enemies ? Justice to his
memory requires that I should rather use the
words ''political adversaries," for it is con-
ceded by all who knew him that no man ever
passed through such fierce and embittered con-
tests, running through an active period of
half a century, with so few personal enemies
during his stay on earth, and no animosities
extending beyond the grave. His love of
truth made him an earnest man, acting upon
the principle that whatever was worth doing
at all was worth doing well. He never espoused
a cause until he was satisfied of its merits and
justice, and then brought to its advocacy all
the strength and vigor of a richly cultivated
intellect.
The cause of education always received his
hearty support. To elevate mankind, to im-
prove their moral, intellectual, and physical
condition; in a word, to leave the world better
than he found it, was with him a duty which he
never ncglected.
At the time of his first election to the Legis-
lature of Pennsylvania thai State had taken no
steps toward the organization of a system of
general education. The education of her chil-
dren had been left to private or individual enter-
prise, or to the voluntary effort of the people
in each particular neighborhood. The utter
inefficiency of these spasmodic and limited
efforts to educate the youth of the State or to
diffuse intelligence among the people was appa-
rent to all reflecting persons, but it belonged to
Stevens to make the inefficiency glaringly
manifest, and to propose and carry into effect
a proper remedy for the evil. He believed with
Aristotle:
"That the education of youth ought to form the
principal part of the legislators' attention, cannot be
a doubt, since education first molds and atterwards
sustains the various modes of government. The better
and more perfect the systems of education the better
and more perfect the plan ofgoverninent it is intended
to introduce and uphold. In this important object
fellow-citizens are all equally anddeeplyconcerned;
and as they are all united in one common work lor
ono common purpose, their education ought to bo
regulated by the general consent, and not aban-
doned to the blind decision of chance or to idle
caprice."
The innovator upon immemorial usage is
never a welcome visitor. He meets with ob-
stacles at the threshold of his operations, and
difficulties and impediments beset him at every
step in his progress.
That education should be universal; that the
indigent orphan should have the same oppor-
tunity f<* the acquisition of knowledge with
the son of his wealthy neighbor; that the man
of affluence should be taxed to educate the
child of penury, were ideas at that^ time not
only novel, but repugnant to the views of a
large majority of the people of Pennsylvania,
and hence the attempt to embody them in the
form of legislative enactment met with stern
and general opposition.
Mr. Stevens was not the man^to be swerved
from his purposes by adverse opinions; lie met
argument with argument, conquered prejudice
by the presentation of truth, and crushed the
demagogue with his withering and irresistible
sarcasm. Amid difficulties which might ha\e
appalled more timid men lie entered^ upon the
advocacy of the principle that all cnildren aie
the wards of the Commonwealth, and that it
is alike the interest and the duty of the Com-
monwealth to provide for their education.
The habits and opinions of a century do not
readily yield to the demands of advancing
wleas, and for years this question of universal
education was the subject of animated and fre-
quently of acrimonious discussion. It entered
into the political contests of the day, and to
such an extent was the opposition manifested
that the motto " No free schools " was embla-
zoned on many banners, and became the shib-
boleth of partisan warfare. The contest was
of long duration ; but in all contests with error
truth will eventually triumph, and his adopted
State now justly exult3 in having, through his
instrumentality , one of the best systems of pop-
ular education in the Union.
Many of his best friends at the time feared
the effect of his bold advocacy of so unpopu-
lara measure on his future political prospects;
but this wasaconsideration whichneverentered
his mind, and his course on this question, like
all the great acts of his life, exhibited the un-
selfishness of his nature.
In addressing his constituents at Gettysburg,
while this question was agitating the people,
he said:
"I 8hn.ll feel myself abundantly rewarded for all
my efforts in behalf of universal education if a single
child educated by the Commonwealth shall drop a
tear of gratitude on my grave."
During his residence at Gettysburg an acad-
emy or gymnasium was organized by a few of
the prominent citizens, and Stevens soon con-
ceived the idea of building on this modest
foundation an institution of more enlarged
pretension and of much wider usefulness.
Through his influence as a member of the
Legislature a charter was obtained changing
the gymnasium to "The Pennsylvania Col-
lege ;" and what is most remarkable, he also
secured a donation from the State of an amount
of money sufficient to erect for the college its
principal and most costly edifice. The con-
sideration for this munificent grant was the
gratuitous education by the college of a speci-
fied number of indigent young men who might
from time to time avail themselves of this
privilege, and the further condition that the
German language should constantly be taught
in the institution, which conditions have at all
times been most faithfully performed. He
was prominently and actively connected with
the material and educational interests of the
college, as a member of the board of trustees,
from its organization to the time of his death.
The trustees have recently erected an addi-
tional edifice to be used in connection with the
college, which, in honor ol his friendship for
the institution and the interest he manifested
in its success, has most appropriately been
named '' Stevens's Hall."
He was a zealous advocate of free speech,
concurring fully in the sentiment of Jefferson,
that " error of opinion can safely be tolerated
so long as reason is left free to combat it."
To him the idea was most preposterous that
there shall be any subject so saered as to for-
bid examination or debate. Whatever seeks
to avoid scrutiny or shrinks from investigation
is justly subject to suspicion, and that which
cannot bear the test of thorough discussion is
in its nature inimical to republican institu-
tions.
I remember an incident, which occurred dur-
ing my schoolboy days at Gettysburg, at once
illustrating his devotion to the cause of free
speech and his influence over the minds of
those with whom he was brought iu contact.
In 1837 the anti-slavery question began to
be agitated in various parts of the country, and
Professor Blanchard, of Cincinnati, one of
the earliest advocates of emancipation, visited
Gettysburg for the purpose of delivering a
series of anti-slavery lectures. The very an-
nouncement of his purpose created an intense
excitement in the community, for Gettysburg
is situated within a few mile3 of the old Mason
and Dixon's line, and an abolition lecturer
would have been just as welcome in Maryland
as in the border counties of Pennsylvania.
The professor called his meeting and chal-
lenged discussion. The challenge was accepted
by two of the most prominent citizens at the
borough ; but at the close of the debate resolu-
