leea
THE CO^GEESSIOHAK GLOBE;
§08f
more to the oountry than ten railroads,
with a water' communication there is no mo-
nopoly ; any man can put on his boat atid go i
but the railroads, are of necessity a monopoly \
they mnsUbe controlled by a company for the
safety of .lifd and the safety of the railroad itself."
Mr. POM.EROY. If the Senatorrfro'm Wis-
consin can restrain himself long enough for
me to conclude the remarks I intended to make,
I will occupy the attention of the Senate but
for a few ritoments. I gave 'way for an inter-
ruption to be asked a single question,\and it
led to the infliction of a speech. I only in-
tended to say that this appropriation of money
is meant only as the beginning of an appropri-
ation which, if its magnitude was. told to the
Senate to-night, would prevent even the initia-
tion of an appropriation. It. is not known
whether this has been recommended by any
Department of: the Government. It is only
known that it is callcd for as an experiment to
see whether the country will venture upon an
appropriation of some millions. I think'the
Committee on Commerce did well in striking
it out. We know what.is the result of making
appropriations of this character when once
entered upon. ■; If we begin, now we shall ba
told next session :that we have thrown away
$40,000,' and Unless we go on and appropriate
§100,000 more we -have got nothing for what
we have spent.. Then the next session comes
another such a call, and then another, and so
on. - The Senator says this is of such import-
ance that all other appropriations sink into
insignificance.
■Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator refer
to me as having made that remark?
-Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; 1 refer to the
Senator from. Wisconsin.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I said nothing about
appropriations for railroads. • I said that when
this work, was developed more grain will go
over it than over ten railroads.
Mr. POMEROY. And the Senator said that
other improvements are a monopoly and this is
not. This communication may serve the public
perhaps eight months in a year, but for .three or
four months it will be locked up. No improve-
ment of water.communication in that latitude
can be, worth anything more than about half
the. year. The particular objection which I
have to making this appropriation now is that
it is entering upon an experiment not recom-
mended by the Department. It is committing
us to that which will lead we know not how
far; and then the canal itself is to be given
either to the States or the company. The ben-
efit of it will accrue to either the corporation
or the States, and it is not known or defined
which.* It is an appropriation for an experi-
ment; and I am surprised, I confess, to see
Senators who are always cautious and guarded
On these questions willing and anxious to go
into an experiment of this kind. I only sup-
pose it is because I do not understand it as
intelligibly as they do, but it is one of those
appropriations that would be the very last I
would enter upon. ' •
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I find
upon reference to the statutes that the land
grant to which I referred in my inquiry of the
Senator from Wisconsin was for the improve-
ment of .the Fox and Wisconsin rivers for the
construction of a canal between them, but that
the grant of-lands was confined to alternate
sections ppoij each side of the Fox river and
the canal, and that there was no grant of lands
upon the borders of .the Wisconsin river; and
I believe, though.my memory is not very fresh
on the subject, that it has not been regarded
practically as a grant of lands for the improve-
ment of the Wisconsin river, and that that river
has not been improved., The grant of land has
Wen usgd in the improvement of the Fox river
and in the construction of a. very important
canal to connect the two rivers.;-
Now, Mr. President, while grants are made
by the hundreds of thousands and millions of.
dollars to other sections of the country,. I am
not entirely content io see a proposition blown
out of the Senate simply up'on the report of
4Uth Gong. 3b Sess.~—No. 69.
the committee, to make a very impoirftat con-
nection betweeirthe great waters of the north-
west. Already Congress has made an'import-
ant grant to improve the Fox- river and to
construct a canal to connect these -important
rivers; and to give value to that improvement,
already made with the aid of the Government,
it is important, as I understand,' to .improve
the Wisconsin1 river.
As I-'understand,'it will then connect the
waters of the Mississippi With the waters Of
the lakes. This assuredly is a very important
northwestern work. The gfant of $40,000 is
not a very considerable appropriation for an
improvement of such magnitude; and as a
western man I am not prepared to vote' ont of
the bill an appropriation which the House of
Representatives, coming immediately from
the people, have incorporated in it. I shall
vote for this appropriation, whatever I may
think of the bill in its general form when it
comes to the vote upon its patssagei
This is one of the few appropriations "that
have been proposed for the'great rivers of the
Northwest. It has beett a struggle t'o obtain
any recognition of the claims of* these rivers.
I think while we are- appropriating to eastern
harbors that some respect ought to be paid to
the claims of the northwestern rivers; that
regard to these rivers in the appropriations
that have been made has not been given to
which I think they are entitled. The Senator
from Michigan is not satisfied that any gentle-
man shall criticise at all the report of the com-
mittee. Now, l-.e should bear in mind that
this bill has some dozen appropriations for his
own State, and very ample appropriations are
made to the harbors of Wisconsin, I admit,
in this bill, but this is an appropriation that is
not local to Wisconsin; it is for the improve-'
ment of one of thS-tributaries of one of the
great rivers of the West. I hope the appro-
priation will not be stricken oat.
Mr. HOWE: ■ I understand it has been said
in' thd' course of this debate, the whole of which
I have not listened to, that there has been no
recommendation of this appropriation. I hold
in my hand a report from General Humphreys,
which was brought in after this bill was really
prepared and reported, as I understand, to the
House of Representatives, in which he com-
ments upbn this particular work in this way:
" Wisconsin river.—This improvement is intended
to form part of a line of communication bv steamers
from the Mississippi river by way of the Wisconsin
river, Upper I?ox, Lake Wmnebaso, and Lower Fox
river, to Green bay, and thence with the lakes.
" General Warren, in his report of April 8, 1868,
expressed himself in favor of an improvement of the
t' ver by dams, jetties, revetments, &c., of brush and
- one, in connection with dredging, in preference to
a canal along the banks, or to locks and dams in the
river. The question as to the kind of improvement
will mainly turn upon the making of a three feet,
four feet. or fivc feet navigation, at a cost, respect-
ively of $500,000, 83.250,000, and §-1.300,000, nearly, as
appears in his annual report of the present year,
herewith appended.
"A? much experience is yet to be acquired, General
Warren recommended in his April report an appro-
priation of $50,000, whioh, with thebalance on hand,
would enable him to test the method of improvement
more fully than has yet been done.
" In the absence of a decision by Congress upon these
projects, an estimate for the next fiscal year is recom-
mended to be applied to the experimental improve-
ment of. the river, by wing-dams and the use of the
Ions scraper, of $50,000."
That v.as on the 30t.h of June, 1868. The
House of Representatives appropriated but
$40,000. and that is recommended to be struck
out of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Is it in order to move to
amend the item proposed to be stricken out?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. GRIMES. I move, then, to amend the
proposition as it stands by inserting after the
word "river" the words '"by the construction
of wing-dams for the purpose of securing slack-
water navigation." I believe that meets the
recommendation.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to say that I have'
no information which warrants me in opposing
or favoring that amendment; but I wish to
suggest to the mover whether it is not safer,
after all, to leave the expenditure of this money
entirely in the discretion of the engineers.
Mr. (MiiMEfe vPrdm the reading* of the
report of this !• ondergtood it, bf
the Senator froifl Wisconsin, this is'what, the
engineer reeoiamea-ds ; he says-that $50,600
will be sufficient to make the experiments that
have already been entered upon. .'Now# I
frankly say that I am not ia favor oPftppcetiri-
ating $4,000/000 for the purposed' nfetktig a
canal across; but I am willing to appropriate a
respectable amount for tlie purpose ®Fmaking
slack'water navigation. Before we-enter upon
any such grand scheme as expending $4,OO0,<9O0
for the purpose of making a canal I want some
arrangement made between the Gove® meat of
the United States and the B'ox River Naviga-
tion Company by which reasonable terms shall
be secured to the public who choose to have
transportation over that company's Wofrk. When
that is done, then'Will be the time for us to
make an appropriation for a canal. Until that
time I am content to make such an appropri-
ation as I have proposed. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. * The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa, [Mr. GrRtMES.]
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore: The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to strike out the 'clause
as amended.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the amendment as
amended will be. read. -
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read.'
The Chief Clerk. The clause as'hm^nded
reads: . '
For improvement b^ 'mieon'sm fiver By the con-
struction of wing-daras for tho purpose of securing
slack-water navigation, S4G,G00. ; -
Mr. WARNER. I should feel a'litfle more
liberal toward this whole bill if I ebtild see'in
it any evidences of reconstruction. -I believe
the theory now prevailing is that certain States
have been restored to the Union, if they were
ever out of the Union; but from anything I" can
see in this bill all the States of this Union that
lie around the coast of the Atlantic, from tho
Potomac to the line of Mexico, are out of tho
Union. This committee or whoever prepared
this bill seem to have -started ffohS the furthest
corner of Maine and followedth« meanderirigs
of the lakes outinto Mifufte'sMSi,' biit {hey never
cast their eyes southward. I gee that Sfrebtoy*
gan harbor, Wisconsin, and Saugatuck harbor
in Michigan, and little Conneaiit harbor in
Ohio—a place that I do not'remember ever to
have heard of although I am accused of repre
senting or misrepresenting that State in the
Senate—and Little Sodus in New York, are
provided for. Then there is a littler harbor
up in Connecticut somewhere, I do not "know
where, called Black Rock harbot,- which has
not been overlooked bf the eotnrhittee. New
Jersey has been remembered in Abseeom inlet,
and even the navigation of the " Gut'' opposite
Bath, in Maine, has been provided for and Cape
Porpoise, in Maine, and now we are talking
about the improvement of the navigation bf one
end of the Mississippi river. I should be dis-
posed to be more liberal toward this appro-
priation if I saw anything in thfe bill f*r the" im-
prove ment of the navigation of tfceoA'Sr end of
the Mississippi river. According to itiy knowl-
edge of geography the Mississippi has two ends,
and I think the lower end, the tail end, is the
most important to the country and to the com-
merce of the ootifttry, but it is entirely ignored
and forgotten. If we are going to improve he
Mississippi oti National grounds I would sug-
gest that we take it in its' entire length and be-
gin at the mouth, where all the commerce of
that great valley, of this little river in Wiscon-
sin and all the other tributaries of the Misjis
sippi, must find its outlet to the sea.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will par-
don me, I beg to suggest that there is $100,000
in this bill for the mouth of the Mississippi.'
Mr. WARNER. I have overlooked it. if
there is. The only item I could discover was
a little item of $5,000 for th*? Tennessee rivet
in this bill. Even the great California coast is
