109©
THE C©^BBSSIO^AIi>&LOTBl.
February 11,
put off with a little $10,000 appropriation for
the removal of Blossom Bock and a provision
for the survey of the Hog's Back.
Mr. COLE. No, sir; there is no appropria-
tion for the survey of Hog's Back.
Mr. WARNER. Then, I take that back. I
tho.ught it was provided that Hog's Back was
to-be surveyed. I noticed it here.
Mr. COLE. There is bo appropriation for it,
Mr. WARNER. Then, Itake that back. I
say I should be disposed to be more liheral if
it were not so entirely confined to one section
<sf]the: country. I should not objeet to appro-
priating money from the Treasury if due re-
gard was had to the wants of all portions of
the country.. We have a harbor down in my
State, the harbor of Mobile, which we deem
to have somewhat of a national character. It
is of importance, at least to all the people- of
our State and to the people of all the coast,
especially to the northern coast portion of the
country, because their ships come there with
supplies for .our people. There is nothing in
the bill for that harbor nor any other of our
great harbors. I should like to be liberal to
Wisconsin; I should like to be liberal to this
river ; I should like to look on if as a national
improvement which would justify me in voting
the public m,oney for it; but I should like to
see a' due regard had to the interest of all por-
tions, of tbe country, , ■ ,
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on striking out the clause as amended.
Mr. HOWARD. The question is on con-
curring in the recommendation of the Com-
mittee on Commerce as amended.
Mr. C0RBETT. I simply wish to state, so
thatgentlemen may seethe effect of this amend-
ment, that if this appropriation is not stricken
oat we must provide for all sections,of the coun-
try. If we do not confine ourselves to the rec:
ommeadfttion of the engineer department there
will be no limit. That is the difficulty tjie com-
mitter labored under. When you:commence
to depart from the estimates I do not kno.w
where it will end.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of
th# Senator how we see that?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The engineer depart-
ment does recommend it.
f Mr. CORBE IT. The gentleman is mistaken.
The engineer department did not recommend
it upon this bill according to the rule laid down.
Mr. .SPRAGUE. What rule?
,, Mr. CORBETT. According to the engi-
neer's revised estimates.
;Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
will allow me to correct him ?
Mr. CORBETT. Wait until I get through
and I will then hear any question. I state here
that we_ have reported this bill according to
the revised estimates of the engineer depart-
ment. The engineer department has made its
recommendations for the next year, but the
bill ia for the year/ending June 30, 1809, while
this recommendation, as I understand, is for
the,next bill that is to be reported. If .there
shall be no other bill this will not be provided
for, of course, nor will the southern harbors.
In this .bill our committee' has .only included
items according to the estimates ,of the en-
gineer department under the rule established.''
Mr. HOWARD. I beg the Chair to state
precisely the question pending. I understand
it to be on concurring with the amendment of
the committee.
-. PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on striking out the clause as amended.
Those who vote to concur
with the amendment of the committee will
vote,, wi common parlance, to strike out these
appropriations ?
Th^ PRESIDENT pro tempore.
Mr.
„ -— ~ wivjjui ... Yes, sir.
_ OtKiMES. I should like to inquire
what is meant by the other bill. Is there to
be another river and harbor bill? "Is it ex-
pected we are going to pass another one this
session ?
Mr. CORBETT. I will state that this bill
was before the committee, and it embraced
$6,000,000 at the last session of Congress.
The committee did not think it advisable, to
appropriate $6,000,000, and we appropriated
$1,500,000 last year to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of War. He ex-
pended that. It has been deducted from the
appropriations in this bill, and then we cut the
balance down to the recommendations of the
chief engineer, according to his'revised esti-
mates. We struck off all appropriations, with
the exception of those recommended by these
revised , estimates for this year. Now it is
time for another bill to originate, but the other
House have been waiting for us to act on this
bill and then will be prepared to present the
other bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Then, I should like to know,
if there is another bill coming; in to be passed
at this session, what difference does it make
whether this appropriation goes on this bill or
some subsequent bill? . We have the question
here before us for determination now, and we
may as well make the appropriation here.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will par-
don me, I will state that I am informed by the
chairman of the committee of the House that
he will not report another bill at this.session.
No other river and harbor bill will be reported
at this session.
Mr. GRIMES. Then that is an additional
reason why this appropriation should 'go on
this bill, rather than be delayed until another
time. It does not follow because the Senators
from Alabama or from any other of the recon-
structed States have not got the -report of an
engineer of the United States Government in
favor of an appropriation for Mobile harbor
therefore thereought not to be appropriation
for the Wisconsin river, where there is a report
from an engineer recommending the appro-
priation to be made. Doubtless when the at-
tention of the engineer department shall be
called to the necessities of the harbors and
rivers of the South they will make recom-
mendations in favor of the improvement of
those harbors and rivers; but thus far their
attention has not been called to that subject;
at any rate, no such official reports have come
to us from the engineer department. I ap-
prehend,that no man who is in favor of this
appropriation would hesitate to vote in favor
of ah appropriation for Mobile harbor or for
any harbor or river at the South that we shall
have authentic information from the engineer
department needs improvement. Bat the fact
that nothing of that sort has yet been embraced
in this bill is a very poor reason, it seems to
me, why we should not make an appropriation
for a river where the appropriation ought to
l?e made and where it is based upon estimates
of the engineer department.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to call the at-
tention of the Senator from Oregon, for he is a
member of the Committee on Commerce, be-
cause I am informed by a gentleman of the
House who has given special attention to this
subject, that he is entirely mistaken on the sub-
ject of the rgport of the engineer department
in this case. The engineer department sent in
their revised estimates on the 18th day of March,
1868._ General Warren had not yet reported
on this subject. General Warren subsequently
made his report, and after he made his report
the engineer department sent in a special re-
port bearing upon this question, an extract
from which I hold in my hand. The statement
of the honorable Senator from Oregon that the
engineer department do not recommend this
appropriation is a mistake.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, I desire to
correct the gentleman. I made no such state-
ment. I stated that it was not in the revised
estimates, which, as he himself states, were
sent in last month. I stated that it was not on
the revised estimates, and the committee con-
fined themselves to the revised estimates and
took no other recommendation.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Let the Senate under-
stand, then, that the committee, in deciding
upon this appropriation bill, based their action
on what are called the revised estimates.
Mr. CHANDLER. , I so stated.
Mn- DOOLITTLE. Made' an the 18th of
March, 1868, and after the 18th of March,
1868, General Warren made his report of the
survey of this river, and after that report was
made .the engineer department made a report
in-favor of this appropriation,, and that I call
the revised estimate of the department, and it
is an extract • from that report that I propose
to read to the- Senate. Nowj do not let us be
confused on this subject. It is too important
a: question to be-blinked out of sight by Sen-
ators getting up and, with an apparent sneer
at the Wisconsin river, saying that the ease
cannot be considered by the Senate. , Here is
what the engineer department say—a recom-
mendation coming in after the other esti-
^Tl9-t6S 1
-i Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will par-
don me—r-
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly.
Mr. CHANDLER. - That-is not'the last
estimate. . .. -. ; ■
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Has-the Senator got it?
Mr. CHANDLER. The last estimate recom-
mends $7,250,000, or a little more than seven
and a quarter millions. That is the amount
included in the last estimate but we could not
bring another year's estimates on last year's
bill, and therefore we have not added one single
dollar of this year's estimates to last year's bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The engineer depart-
mentrecommend the improvementof this river,
and they say that there are three modes in which
it can be improved: improved to a three-feet
navigation for $500,000, to a four-feet naviga-
tion for $3,250,000, and to a five-feet naviga-
tion for $4,300,000. That is the report of the
department. General Warren, however, rec-
ommends in his report an appropriation of
$50,000, whien with the balance on -hand
would enable him to test the method of in>~
provement more fully than has yet-been done:
And now, says General Humphreys—and he,
I suppose, is the head of your engineer depart-
ment :
" In the absence of a decision by Congress upon
these projects"—
That is, as to which they will accept—
" an estimate for the next fiscal year isreeommended
to be applied to the experimental improvement of
the river, by wing-dams and the -use of the Long
scraper, of $50,000."
Mr. FESSENDEN. "Thenextfiscalyear?"
This bill is confined to the present fiscal year.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Upon this recommend-
ation the House of Representatives thought
proper to make this appropriation.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask the gentleman whether
this year is "the next fiscal year?" The next
fiscal year is the year commencing next July.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Precisely.
Mr. CORBETT. The present appropriation
is for the fiscal year commencing last July and
ending next June coming. . .
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And the chairman of
the committee says that no bill is coming in at
all for the next fiscal year, and therefore the
absolute necessity of getting an appropriation
here, or the thing cannot be done at all.
Mr. CORBETT. Is the gentleman willing
to appropriate the $7,000,000 embraced in the
estimates for next year? The same estimates
that embrace this $40,000 run up to $7,000,000
altogether.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Wis-
consin misunderstood me. I said there would
be no other bill at this session.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. "At this session." The
next session will begin next December, I sup-
pose.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will begin in next
March.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is not likely that that
will be a session for general legislation. Mr.
President, here is the recommendation of the
engineer department. I do not, of course, -wish
to take up the time of the Senate, but this-is
one of those important national works which
concern all the States of the North and the
Northwest.
Mr. COIlBETT. I wish to state that I am
