1842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock
p. m.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report from the Secretary of the
Interior, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate, information concern-
ing the remnant of the tribe of the Seminole
Indians in south Florida; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and or-
dered to be printed.
importation of scientific apparatus.
Mr. TRUMBIJLL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 827, which I think will take no
time.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (H. it. No.
327) authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to remit the duty on certain meridian circles,
the pending question being on the amendment
reported by the Committee on Finance, to strike
out all after the resolving clause and in lieu
thereof to insert the following:
That all books, maps, charts, statues, statuary,
busts, and casts ot'marbie, bronze, alabaster, and all
pain tings and drawings, etchings, specimens of sculp-
ture, cabinets of coins, medals, regalia, gems, and all
collections of antiquities, and mathematical, philo-
sophical, and scientific apparatus imported into the
United States since the 1st day of May, A. D. 1868, be
admitted free of duty: Provided, That the same bo
specially imported in good faith for the use of any
society incorporated or established for philosophical,
literary, or religious purposes, or for the encourage-
ment of the fine arts, or for the use or by the order
of any college, academy, school, or seminary of learn-
ing in the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will ask to leave out
the amendment, and then the resolution will
apply only to the meridian circle at Harvard
and the one at Chicago. I ask the Senate to
disagree to the amendment of the Finance
Committee, as it will lead to debate.
Mr. SUMNER. Had we not better adopt
the amendment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. We cannot do it. It
will lead to debate'. The Committee on Finance
have reported an amendment which I ask the
Senate to disagree to, because there is objec-
tion to it and we cannot get it through at this
session.
The amendment was rejected. '
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
british steamer labuan.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government.
Mr. SUMNER. I would appeal to my
friend to allow action 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let this bill
come up and then I will see what I can do.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, I ask the Senate to
be good enough to take up the bill (S. No. 528)
to carry into effect the decree of the district
court of the United States for the southern
district of New York in the case of the British
steamer Labuan.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous
consent; and the bill was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the payment to William Bai-
ley, William Leetham, and John Leetham, of
England, or their legal representatives, owners
of the British steamer Labuan, of $131,221 30,
with interest from June 2, 1862, to the time
of payment, and $5,Q00 without interest; also,
to Messrs. De Jersey & Co., of England, or
their legal representatives, part owners of the
cargo of the same steamer, $3,613 92, with
interest, from May 21,1802, to the time of pay-
ment; and to Francisco Amendiaz, of Mata-
moras. Mexico, or his legal representatives,
part owner of the cargo of the same steamer,
$2,067 17, with interest from June- 6, 1862,
to the time of payment; such gums being d&e
tinder a decree of the district court of the
United States for the southern district of New
York, pronounced March 2-5,1868, on account
of the illegal capture of the British steamer
Labuan and her cargo by a cruiser of the
United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
british vessels volant and science.
_Mr. SUMNER. There is another similar
bill, the bill (S. No. 551) to carry into effect
the two several decrees of the district court
of the United States for the district of Louisi-
ana in the cases of the British vessels Volant
and Science.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that will not be
tjaken up.
Mr. S LIMNER. There can be no objection
to it. It is to carry out a decree of our own
Supreme Court.
Mr. STEWART. I understand that, and I
am opposed to doing it. Until Great Britain
does some affirmative act toward the settlement
of the Alabama claims I am opposed to pay-
ing anything to British subjects for losses during
the war, no matter how incurred.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can only
be taken up by unanimous consent. Does any
Senator object?
Mr. STEWART. I object.-
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand the Sen-
ator objects to that class of cases ?
Mr. STEWART. I object.
Mr. SUMNER. This is one affecting a
French 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine'. I think we had
better proceed with the bill regularly before us.
enrolled bill signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled bill (H. R. No. 1744) to strengthen
the public credit and relating to contracts for
the payment of coin ; and it was signed by the
President pro tempore.
civil appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(H. R. No. 2007) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1870, and for other
purposes, is before the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. The amendments reported
by the Committee on Appropriations will be
acted on in their order asi the bill is read if
there be no objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As the Senate
is thin I think the bill had better be read
through, and then the amendments acted on.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. Thatcourse
will be pursued.
The bill was read.
stationery contracts.
Mr. ANTHONY. As the reading of this bill
is concluded and there seems to be no great
pressure for going on with it just now, I will
appeal to my friend from Maine to allow me to
call up a bill which I think is of very consid-
erable importance, and in which I have no
greater interest than every other Senator, and
which is intended to correct gross and flagrant
abuses in the Departments. It has been dis-
covered in some investigations of the Com-
mittee on Printing of tne House of Repre-
sentatives that in some of the bureaus the sta-
tionery amounts to from four to ten times the
actual fair and proper cost of those supplies.
A bill has been passed by the House of Repre-
sentatives and reported from the Committee on
Printing to remedy the evil. It is House bill
No. 1601, and I desire to call it up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any .objection to the consideration of the bill
named?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it will lead
to no debate and will simply involve the read-
ing and passing of the bill, I shall make no
objection ; but if it leads to debate I must in-
sist upon the Senate going on with the appro-
priation bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. Of course T recognize the
supremacy of the appropriation bills at this
time, and if the bill to which I have referred
shall lead,to debate I will not. urge it now.
Mi-. THAYER. There will be objection to
that bill; it will lead to discussion.
Mr. ANTHONY.. I do not wish to take any
unfair advantage. Does the Senator from Ne-
braska say that he proposes to discuss the bill ?
Mb. THAYER. There will be objection to
that bill, and it will lead to discussion.
Mr. CON NESS. Let it be read.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not think there will
be any objection to the bill after I have spoken
about five minutes.
The bill (H. R. No. 1601) to provide sta-
tionery for Congress and for the several De-
partments, and for other purposes, was read.
Mr. ANTHONY. I can best show the ne-
cessity of this bill by an exhibition of some
papers before me.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
will allow me to suggest that.I am informed
this bill will lead to debate, and if so I think
it ought not to be pressed now.
Mr. AN PHONY. I certainly will notdo so
if Senators object; and if, after 1 make a state-
ment which 1 can make in five minutes, any-
body objects, I shall then withdraw the request
for the consideration of the bill. I wish to say
one word to show the necessity of this bill or
of some bill of this kind, and I can best do it
by illustrating what has been done.
A piece of paper like that which I now
exhibit to the Senate, bearing six words in
print, is supplied to the Patent Office, or was
before the present Commissioner came in, who
is a thoroughly honest man I have no doubt,
for forty dollars a thousand, and supplied in
five times the quantity necessary. I could get
rich on printing them at two-dollars a thou-
sand. I have here a blank-book that is called
a caveat book. The Patent Office generally
uses two of these books a year, and this year
they have commenced upon the third; they
never use three. The law requires that it shall
be made at the Government bindery. It would
cost there fifteen dollars. If three were re-
quired the total cost would be forty-five dol-
lars. Last year there were forty-eight supplied
at from forty to forty-one dollars a piece;
three were used, and there is not one in the
office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What office is that?
Mr. ANTHONY. The Patent Office. The
cost of this book for the Patent Office last year
was nearly two thousand dollars, and the fair
cost is not over forty dollars. This is a single
illustration. The contractor testified before
our committee that he gave eighteen dollars
for the books and.sold them to the Government
for forty dollars, and we had two very able
lawyers attempting for two days to prove to us
that it was a fair contract, and that we ought
to pay more of the same kind. This has been
paid.
I will not detain the Senate. If any Senator
desires to take the responsibility of putting
over this bill after this statement, which is but
an illustration of frauds that amount to more
than seventy-fivethousanddollarsiu one bureau
of this Department, be it so. It is a bill which
in the opinion of one of my colleagues in the
House, and a colleague of my friend from Ver-
mont on the Retrenchment Committee, will
save the Government $250,000 a year. That
is more than I think it will save; I think it will
save about half that sum. I could go on for
an hour showing that things like this large
envelope which 1 now exhibit, are supplied in
from five to ten times the number required at
ten times a fair price. The same thing pre-
vails to a greater or less extent in the other
Departments. Last year, with considerable
difficulty, we got through Congress a bill to
have this sort of printing done at the Govern-
ment Printing Office. It was resisted on the
ground that it could not be done at the Gov-
ernment Printing Office. I have now in my
