•138
THE CONGKESSIQ.NAL GLOBE.
December 1%,
, (lions were passed deprecating any further agi-
tation of the'subject, and plainly intimatingto
the professor that his presence was no longer
-desirable in that community—a'hint -Which in
those days was very generally understood.
- Mr. Stevens had been absent on profes-
sional business; bat on his return,- learning
what had - been done, another meeting was
called, and the court-house was soon filled
■tfith an angry and excited audience. He re-
* quested some friend' to move a reconsideration
of the resolutions, and then proceeded to
address the meeting. Those who heard his
effort on the occasion will never forget it. His
manner was calm, deliberate, impressive, and
the excited crowd listened with earnest atten-
tion. To listen was to be convinced. Warm-
-ing gradually with his subject, he enforced the
right of free discussion on all subjects with a
power and an eloquence which his audience
had never heard. The sacred rights of Amer-
ican citizenship, secured by constitutional
guarantees, were defended by a master hand.
In turn he used persuasion, entreaty, argu-
ment, wit, and sarcasm, until finally, turning
to his old neighbors and friends, he appealed
to their sense of honor and justice, to their
individual reputation and the reputation of
their eomminnity, ka deeply involved in their
contemplated proceedings; and when he took
his seat the resolutions, which had been pre-
viously adopted without a dissenting voice,
found no one bold enough to advocate their
passage. On the contrary, a new set of reso-
lutions were introduced and passed with singu-
lar unanimity affirming the right of free dis-
cussion and inviting this early anti-slavery
missionary to continue his labors.
The triumph was complete, not only for Mr.
Rtkvexr, but, what was infinitely more gratify-
ing to him, it was a triumph of reason over
prejudice; and I need hardly add it was the
last attempt to apply the " slaveholder's gag"
in that portion of our country.
Ho was the lirm friend of the oppressed and
the implacable enemy of the oppressor. Like
the great Wesley before him he regarded the
institution of American slavery as "the sum
of all villainies," and suffered no occasion to
pass unimproved, when in his power, to ex-
pose its monstrosity or destroy its vitality.
He was ever ready "to proclaim liberty
throughout the land atid unto all the inhabit-
ants thereof;" and when the institution be-
gan to crumblc and fall, amid the crackling
flames of that rebellion which it had insti-
gated. he felt like exclaiming, with one of old :
"Loul, uovr lotted tliou tliy servant depart in
l>eaco, according to thy word, for mine eyes havo
seen tliy salvation."
While practicing his profession at Gettys-
burg the cases of fugitive slaves were quite
numerous, and where arrests were made which
camc to his knowledge he invariably volun-
teered his services to defend the alleged fugi-
tive ; ami it is among the reminiscences of the
neighborhood that he seldom if ever failed to
secure the freedom of his clients.
On one occasion, while journeying to Balti-
more for the purpose of replenishing his law
library, he stopped for the night at a hotel in
Maryland, kept by a man with whom he was
well acquainted. Soon after his arrival he
discovered quite a commotion among the ser-
vants at the hotel, and a woman in tears ap-
proached him and implored his assistance to
prevent the contemplated sale of her husband,
who was a slave. On inquiring who and where
her husband was, she replied, " Why, Massa
Stevens, he is the boy who took your horse
to the stable.'" Stevens knew the "boy,"
and at once went to his owner and expostu-
lated with him in reference to his sale, and at
length offered to pay him $150, half the price,
it he would restore him to liberty. The land-
lord was inexorable, and Stevens, knowing
the relations between the slave and his master,
replied, "Mr.  , are you not ashamed to
sell your own flesh and blood?" This sting-
ing appeal only brought forth the response, " I
must have money, and J&hn is cheap at $300."
Prompted by his generous zyiture Stevens
purchased and ni-anutflitted " John-,"a'ntl-then
retraces h'iS'steps to:Gettygburg, without'com-
pleting his journey to Baltimore. At that time
$800 was a-large sum of money for one who
had been but a few years at the bar, and he
postponed the replenishing of his law library
"to a more convenient season.
The word clarity in its broadest sense fails
to express the boundless benevolence 'of his
heart. He was "never so happy as on those
occasions when he could assist the suffering,
relieve the distressed, and comfort the needy.
No one ever applied to him for assistance
and was refused. While struggling with pov-
erty himself he gave the widow's mite, and
when afterward success attended him his
bounties were increased in corresponding ra-
tios. He was not only "a cheerful giver,"
but in these matters he was not willing that
the right hand should know what the left hand
had done. He preferred that -his charities
should descend quietly as the dews of heaven,
and like the summer breeze, be felt but not
seen.
Like Cornelius, he "gave much alms to the
people;" in fact he was the almoner of Gettys-
burg during his long residence there, with this
wide difference, that he made distribution only
of his own means, and never limited his bene-
factions to the tenth of his income.
When lurking treason, which had been nursed
for years in our country, by men high in favor
with the people and high in official station,
culminated in civil war, Stevens was a most
prominent and influential member of this
House. His whole life had witnessed his de-
votion to the country, to those fundamental
principles proclaimed in the Declaration of
Independence, and his faith in their ultimate
incorporation into the national Constitution.
The first hostile gun of the rebellion con-
vinced him that the accursed institution of
slavery would be overthrown, that the Union
would survive the shock of battles, and that
the conflict would evolve a purer republicanism
and an advanced spirit of humanity.
His efforts iu and out of Congress were
devoted to a vigorous prosecution of the war,
to devising ways and means for such prosecu-
tion, and to keep the public mind firmly fixed
upon the tmo nature of the assault upon the
Onion and its defense, and thus to have it pre-
pared to accept those truths which he foresaw
would, inevitably result from a victory for the
Union.
The patient, self-sacrificing endurance of our
people and the valor of our soldiers at length
crushed the rebellion, and reestablished, so far
as military power could reestablish, the author-
ity of the national Government. With the
cessation of hostilities came questions of civil
polity, as important as they were novel, requir-
ing solution and permanent adjustment. The
public mind was unsettled, conflicting opinions
most naturally forced themselves to the sur-
face, while political theories, formed on the
narrow basis of old passions and prejudices,
claimed public attention. Here was a field for
the statesman, and Stevens entered it with that
self-reliance with which a consciousness of his
own power and the strength of his political
convictions invested him. Others doubted and
hesitated, but to him the future was as un-
clouded and as certain as the past. He was
no revolutionist, but, penetrating through the
gloom of battles and the uncertainties which
troubled most minds, he perceived the end from
the beginning, and when the end came he was
prepared to meet its demands and its respon-
sibilities.
The apparently popular heresy that the States
in rebellion had not by that act changed their
" proper practical relations" to the Union, and
hence were at once restored'to their former
position, was soon dissipated by the sturdy
blows it received under his leadership.
With -the abandonment of this theory the
true policy to be pursued toward the States and
people lately in rebellion was easily ascer-
tained, and the emphatic indorsement of that '
policy by the voice of the nation, together with
the 'gradual accomplishment of its purposes,
have demonstrated alike its wisdom' and its
justice.
He is gone. He has finished his course on
-earth, but the great work to which he devoted
so many hours of patient thought and honest
toil is not yet finished. The high aim of his
life, that to which he' brought all the energies
of his nature, which enlisted the warm sympa-
thies of his noble soul and engaged the powers
of his vigorous intellect, was to have his country
free and all her people equal, to have a land
" Where manhood reigns alone,
And every citizen is king."
Freedom has been obtained, but freedom has
not yet been secured, and will not be secured
until all our people shall have the full enjoy-
ment of perfect equality by the law and before
the law. Freedom without secured equality of
rights is a delusion and a snare ; and although
his countrymen have in his memory and in his
deeds a rich legacy which they will always
cherish with pride and with honor, yet with
this legacy is coupled a responsibility, and that
is to proceed with the work in whieh he was so
zealously engaged, to complete the structure
in the spirit of its master workman. So com-
plete it that from foundation-stone to turret,
in all its parts and designs, there shall- be no
fault and no blemish ; that the eye of the critic
can discover no defects, and the heart of the
patriot desire no change. So complete it that
when finished it will meet with the approbation
of all good men and the approval of ajust God!
He is gone! That frail tenement of clay so
lately moving among us is mingling with its
kindred dust, but the name and fame of Thad-
deus Stevens will never die.
In all the coming years of time, so long as
patriotism has a votary and freedom an advo-
cate, his name will be lisped and his fame will
be cherished by the countless millions of the
future, and while his countrymen linger around
his consecrated grave their aspirations will
ascend to Heaven that a kind Providence who
rules over the destinies of nations may grant to
our beloved country many more such men.
Mr. KOONTZ. Mr. Speaker, the ordinary
business of the day is suspended, that the House
of Representatives may pay its tribute of respect
to the memory of its departed leader. Since the
last session of this Congress Hon. Thaddecs
Stevens, Representative from the ninth con-
gressional district of Pennsylvania, ripe in
years and in wisdom, and honored with the
confidence and love of bis fellow-countrymen,
has passed from time into eternity. No word
in commendation of his distinguished services
to the country or in praise of his great talents
is needed in this presence, where he was so
well known ; nor are the eulogies that are pro-
nounced here on this occasion necessary to
eonvey to the nation a correct idea of the
characteristics of the deceased. A prominent
actor in the mighty events which have trans-
pired within the last eight years, he stands out
in marked distinctness before a people who
have watched with intense pleasure his devo-
tion to country, with unbounded admiration,
the exhibition of his commanding talents, and
who have on frequent occasions been swayed
by his resistless, burning eloquence.
But if the tear of sorrow is shed for and the
word of tribute spoken of the less distinguished
of earth who have passed from the stage of
life, with how much more sorrow should we
mourn those who are numbered among the
nation's dead ! When they who have achieved
distinction in war, statesmanship, oratory, poe-
try, science or philosophy have " shuffled off
this mortal coil," the "rivalries that were be-
gotten in the busy arena of life are remem-
bered no longer, the peculiarities of character
that excited hostility in the breasts of others
are forgotten, and a generous people remember
only the ability and virtue of the deceased and
treasure them as evidence of the nation's ad-
vancement in civilization, and as the enduring
monuments of her own greatness and glory.
