1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in favo* of this appropriation on next year's
appropriation bill. I think it is proper, but
if you put this appropriation on this bill you
must let in all the others which have been left
off by the eommittee. That is my objection.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is a special rea-
son in relation to this which I have stated.
Many States are interested in this work, and
they have held a great convention at Prairie
du Chien called by the Governors of those
States. The Governor of Iowa came here rep-
resenting that State on the question, and others
came urging that something be done toward
opening this navigation.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that the com-
munication from which the Senator from Wis-
consin read is dated in June last, and there-
fore this recommendation is made for the pres-
ent fiscal year. The last fiscal year expired
on the 30th June, 1868. This communication
written in-that month recommends that this
appropriation shall be made for " the next suc-
ceeding fiscal year," and that is theyearof our
Lord 1S69, beginning July 1, 1868; so that all
that argument seems to me to be dissipated
into thin air.
Mr. WARNER. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce a
question. I am informed that General Warren
testified before the Committee that it would
cost four or five million dollars to improve the
Wisconsin river, and that $40,000 expended
would be as good as thrown away. Am I cor-
rect in my information?
Mr. CHANDLER. He recommended the
expenditure of between four and five million
dollars, and said he should not recommend
this wing-dam arrangement, for it would cost
from thirty to forty thousand dollars a year to
keep np the wing-dam navigation aft#t it was
completed. I do not know that he testified
precisely that this $40,000 would be wasted,
but it was an inference on the part of the com-
mittee rather than a direct assertion on his part.
The PRESIDENTproferapore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee on
Commerce, to strike out the clause as amended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
the clause read as it stands.
The clause, as amended, was read as follows:
For improvement of Wisconsin river by the con-
struction of wing-dams for the purpose of securing
slack-water navigation, $40,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the document which
the Senator from Wisconsin produces as the
recommendation of the department the engi-
neer says it is not advisable to make the im-
provement in that way; he speaks decidedly
against making any improvement by wing-
dams. -I will read what he says :
" X have made no estimate for slack-water naviga-
tion in the river itself, by means of locks and dams,
for the reason that tho river flows tbe entire distance
through bottom lands of alluvian and over a bed of
movable sand, and it is a matter of much doubt
whether or not dains in such a btream could be ma.de
permanent at any practicable expense. This, added
. to the fact that the slope of tbe stream is so great
(about one foot and five tenths to the mile) that dams
would be required every four or five miles, seems to
settle the question at once against this method of
improvement."
As the clause stands it is for wing-dams.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—-yeas 27, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Chandler, Cole, Corbett,
Drake, Fessenden, Frelinghuysen, Howard, Mc-
Cieery, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Rice, Robertson, Sherman, Spen-
cer, Sprague. Sumner,Tipton,Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Warner, Willey, and Wilson—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Conkling, Davis,Doolit-
tie, Grimes, Harlan. Hendricks, Howe, Ramsey, Ross,
Sawyer, Stewart, Thayer, Wade, and Williams—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard. Buckalew, Cameron,
Cattel), Conness, Cragin, Dixon, Edmunds, Ferry,
Fowler, Harris, Henderson, Kellogg, McDonald,
Morrill of Maine, Norton, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Patterson of Tennessee, Pool, Sanlsbury,
Vickers, Welch, Whyte, and Yates—24.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was in line twenty-one, to strike
out " $35,000" and insert "$17,500," so as
to make the appropriation for the improvement
of Green Bay harbor, Wisconsin, $17,500 in-
stead of $35,000.
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senator would con-
sent to let that be passed over for the present.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
passed over for the present, if there be no
objection.
The next amendment was inline twenty-two,
to strike out the appropriation of $5,000 for
the improvement of the Chippewa river.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-four,
to reduce the appropriation for the improve-
ment of Manitowoc harbor, Wisconsin, from
$85,000 to $17,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was inline twenty-six,
to strike out the appropriation of $5,000 for
the improvement of St. Croix river.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senate will not
concur in the amendment. It is a small ap-
propriation of $5,000 to improve the naviga-
tion of one of the greatest lumbering rivers of
the West. Hundreds of millions of lumber are
floated down this river annually. It is of more
importance to the people of Iowa and Illinois
and all the States below than it is to ourselves.
Five thousand dollars is a very small appro-
priation for a river of so much importance.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. Is it not too
small to do any good ?
Mr. RAMSEYl Oh, no; the river can be
very readily improved and the money will not
be wasted. It is a most extraordinary thing,
Mr. President, that the amendments of the
committee striking out appropriations are al-
most entirely confined to States outside of Wis-
consin and Michigan. I find in this bill an
appropriation of $20,000 for the improvement
of Ontonagon harbor, in the State of Michigan;
$20,000 for Eagle harbor, in Wisconsin ; and
then for St. Joseph harbor, in Michigan 
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will ex-
cuse me for interrupting him, I will state that
our action was based, as has been already ex-
plained, on the revised estimates. Wherever
the sum was recommended in the revised esti-
mates it stood. We directed our clerk to strike
everything out that was not on the revised
estimates.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is a most remarkable
coincidence that the reductions and strikings
out are all in the direction I have indicated.
Mr. ANTHONY. On what basis were the
revised estimates made?
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know where
a copy of those revised estimates can be ob-
tained.
Mr. CHANDLER. Here they are; theSen-
ator can look at them if he wishes to do so.
Mr. ANTHONY. Were not these revised
estimates made on the suggestion of the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce?
Mr. CHANDLER. They were not.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is a most remarkable
coincidencB that nearly all the appropriations
for Michigan are untouched. I notice in this
bill an appropriation of $20,000 for the harbor
of St. Joseph, Michigan; $20,000 for South
Hayen, Michigan ; $20,000 for Grand Haven,
Michigan ; $10,OOOfor Muskegon harbor, Mich-
gan. Then I find one appropriation stricken
out of $75,000 for White river harbor, Michi-
gan. It is most extraordinary that is stricken
out; I suppose there must be some mistake
about it. Then I find an appropriation of
$20,000 for Pentwater harbor, Michigan;
$20,000 for Pere Marquette harbor, Michi-
gan ; $20,000 for Manistee harbor, Michi-
gan ; $30,000 for Saugatuck harbor, Michi-
gan ; $20,000 for St. Mary's river, Michigan ;
$20,000 for Au Sable river, Lake Huron,
Michigan.
Mr. SUMNER. Are those all struck out?
Mr. RAMSEY. Oh, no; all retained. Then
there is an appropriation of $200,000 for the
St. Clair flats, which the committee reduce to
$114,000. These items are all retained, while
this little appropriation of $5,000 for the St.
Croix river, Minnesota, is struck out.
Mr. DRAKE. I rise to a questien of order.
I wish to inquire of the Chair whether it is iVt
order for the honorable Senator from Minne-
sota to read this bill through as a part of his
speech? [Laughter.]
• Mr. RAMSEY. I am reading only a part
of it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Only the Michigan part.
Mr. RAMSEY. I appeal to the Senate to
save this little appropriation for this river which
mutually bounds Wisconsin and Minnesota to
some extent, whose navigation is so important
to the lumbering interests and to those who
consume the lumber below us. I hope the
Senate will not concur with the committee
in making this amendment striking out that
appropriation of $5,000.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment proposed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce was in line thirty-one,
to reduce the appropriation for the improve-
ment of Wilwaukee harbor from $25,000 to
$16,000.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I would ask the hon-
orable Senator from Minnesota to read that
speech over again. [Laughter.] I hope the
Senate will not strike down this appropriation
for Milwaukee.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to state that that
was not reduced. Milwaukee harbor was left
precisely as it stands in the bill. Twenty-five
thousand dollars was assigned to Milwaukee
harbor. It has not been expended; but a
very small amount of the sum has been ex-
pended. In every instance where a portion
of the appropriation was as signed out of the
$1,500,000 appropriated last year it has been
deducted. Milwaukee is one of them. The
whole amount stands precisely as it was, ex-
cept that this amount has been assigned
although not expended.'
Mr. SHERMAN. Been appropriated be-
fore ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes; in the $1,500,000
appropriation. Of course this would be a pre-
cedent that would lead to the appropriation
of the whole $1,500,000 over again.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand from one
of my colleagues in the House that the Sen-
ator is entirely mistaken about it. It was not
assigned to Wilwaukee.
Mr. CHANDLER. I see I am mistaken,
sir. It is on the revised estimates.
Mr. CORBETT. But the recommendation
was $15,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. I was under a mistake.
I am perfectly willing the clause should be left
as it is.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-two,
to reduce the appropriation for the improve-
ment of Racine harbor, Wisconsin," from
$20,000 to $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-four,
to reduce the appropriation for the improve-
ment of Kenosha harbor, Wisconsin, from
$20,000 to $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.'
The next amendment was in line thirty-six,
•to reduce the appropriation for the improve-
ment of the harbor of Chicago, Illinois, from
$48,000 to $13,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-nine,
to reduce the appropriation for the improve-
ment of Michigan City harbor, Indiana, from
$35,000 to $10,000.
Mr. MORTON. I hope the amendment
proposed by the committee will not be con-
curred in.
Mr. CHANDLER. This is one of the cases
where the amount has been assigned although
not expended. The whole amount appropri-
ated in this bill for this harbor originally was
$35,000; a portion of it has been assigned
from the $1,500,000 appropriated last year,
and hence we deduct that amount here. This
stauds precisely as all other similar cases
do. The amount has been assigned under the
