TMO
fHE -GO^&RESSIOmi;;0LO®E.
December It,
them. He"seized ax ami brand and set him-
self to work to Burn and hew out the_ giant
■wrong of American society, and the rigid lips
never relaxed while 'be' thought a single root
or branch retained vitality., It was his privi-
lege to live until the work of legislation was
completed and the institutions of the country
placed on the broad basis which his heart and
judgment approved. His dying ears' heard
only the growlings of the turbid and bloody
waves of rebellion as they settled and subsided
into peace forever.
Mr. Stevens regarded his labors in behalf
of popular education as the crowning glory of
his life. He was ric;ht. Here hie enlarged
philanthropy and his far-reaching statesman-
ship had fullest scope. The school-houses of
Pennsylvania are his noblest monument. In-
numerable generations yet unborn will, in that
illustrious Commonwealth, preserve his name
in perpetual remembrance as their first arid
greatest benefactor.
A life so complete does not ask our tears.
Here is room only for pride and admiration,
and gratitude to God that in the hour of our
deadly need he raised up such a man to lead
our national councils, and to infuse into a
wavering nation his own indomitable spirit and
his own magnificent love of right and horror
of injustice. He passes iuto history, and the
love of a great people gathers around and ac-
companies and hallows him. It can be justly
said of him '• he was the friend of man." The
world holds no prouder eulogy.
Mr. CAKE. Mr. Speaker, the public man
who works for fame rarely achieves it. If lie
does, he soon finds it a perishing uncertainty.
After all, posterity is an inexorable judge, and
no matter how the paid eulogist or the partial
historian exaggerates what is good or palliates
what is bad, Time's ultimate verdict is always
discriminating and just.
Thaddeus Stevens was a fine illustration of
this theory. _ No statesman in any age so often
took issue with what is called public opinion,
but what might be belter styled public prejudice.
Emigrating to Pennsylvania more than half a
century ago from New England, that normal
school of the continent, and settling down
among the retrogressive German population
on the borders of a slave State, and sharing
much of the intolerance of slavery, the very
first thing ho did was to take up arms for edu-
cation and freedom. These were the pole stars
of all his politics, and in following them he-
encountered more obstacles than ever beset
the pathway of a public man. There is some-
thing sublime in his struggle with these obsta-
cles. Undismayed ho pursued the bitter path;
undaunted he met the organized foe. No ex-
pediency, no compromise, no party turned him
aside from his grand objective point. His
efforts for universal education were crowned
with victory earlier than his efforts against
slavery.
But he was, if possible, more intense in liis
hostility to slavery than in his championship
of education. Here he was the foremost
teacher of the middle States. With a heroism
that outlived censure and defied majorities, he
maintained the unequal fight through more
than a generation. Caring nothing for himself
and nothing for party, if he could not mold
the latter according to his principles, he
aroused the most violent enmities and dared
the most formidable combinations. If freedom
won he was content; to secure that he was
always ready to sacrifice everything else.
And now, Mr. Speaker, as we look back
over the past eight years, is there one Repub-
lican who will not admit that if we had followed
his lead from the first much of the resulting
treachery, bloodshed, and death would have
been avoided? We have reached the remedy
at last; and what is that which gives us safety,
which secures the rights of millions yet unborn,
but that great remedy of Thaddeus Stevens :
justice, equality, and freedom to all men, irre-
spective of race, color, or nativity?
Mr. Speaker,, our great leader did not wofk
for fame. He did not play the courtier; he did
not deal in the currency of compromise; he
did not flatter the people ; he never was a beg-
gar for their votes. And yet, behold! He is
remembered, and honored in his remembrance,
by friend and foe. Look at this House to-day.
Recall the loud acclaim of sorrow that mourned
his death while it conceded his matchless attri-
butes, and tell me, sir, if this is not genuine
fame, the fame resulting from a bold, manly,
rugged, and unselfish career, unsought, un-
toiled for, yet freely tendered by a proud and
grateful country, without distinction of party,
sect, or creed?
Mr. Speaker, it is not often that one man can
do so much for any people as Thaddeus Stevens
has done. But for him Pennsylvania would
have been, perhaps, the last of the old free
States to establish a system of education based
upon taxation of the whole population. But
for his example our seminaries of learning
would have been inferior and few._ Half a
million of young men and women within our
borders are this day chiefly indebted to him for
the blessings of a sound education. I freely
acknowledge my own indebtedness. When he
delivered his great speech in the house of rep-
resentatives of Pennsylvania in 1885 I was
seven years old. All my schooling was attained
in the institutions established under his policy,
and I shall never forget him.
Reared in another political party, I never
failed to cherish and honor his name; and when
I entered the printing office in my thirteenth
year, found myself equipped for a rapid and
thorough understanding of the mysteries of
that art of all arts. Later in life, when the
war dissolved old party prejudices, and when,
a democratic journalist, I found that as one
of the advocates of Judge Douglas for Presi-
dent the honest logic of my convictions placed
me in association with the Republican party, it
was a natural progress for me to become one of
the followers of Thaddeus Stevens, and to op-
pose slavery as I had opposed all the antago-
nism of the school law.
Coming into this House at the close of the
war, in which I did but my duty as a soldier and
citizen, I looked up to him as my leader and my
friend. I had never met him till I saw him on
this floor; but there was no occasion that I did
not find him a kind, intelligent, and generous
mentor. Once, for reasons that I deemed con-
clusive to my mind, I voted against an appro-
priation to one of the colleges in this District.
It was very nearly lost, when Mr. Stevens
asked me to change my vote, saying that he
would give me his reasons for the request after
the bill was disposed of. Upon the announce-
ment of the result he turned to me and said:
" Young man, let me implore you in all your
after life never to oppose any measure for the
education of the people. Follow this advice
and you will never regret it."
Mr. Speaker, it is never becoming to cover
tho dead with unmerited eulogy, and in speak-
ing these honest words of Thaddeus Stevens
I am not trying to make him a perfect charac-
ter. Like all strong men he had his faults,
and he neither denied nor defended them;
but in the sterling traits of manhood he was a
conspicuous example. The eloquent gentle-
men who have preceded me have told you
how brave he was in public life, liow true to
his convictions, how fearless in his support of
all measures intended to elevate the people
and to develop the resources of the country.
Not to-day, but in the time to come, will
Thaddeus Stevens be fully appreciated. His
whole life was devoted to the cause of hu-
manity, and he lived to see the fruition of his
hopes in the most complete victory over the
enemies of education in Pennsylvania and of
freedom throughout our land. Congratulating
himself upon his two great victories, he could
peacefully fold his arms in the sleep that knows
no waking upon earth, secure in the belief that
he had accomplished a great work, and that
those who profit by his life will revere his
memory forever. The men aud women who
have been and are yet to-be educated in the
free schools of Pennsylvania, the bond who
have been made free, and to free whom he
gave the labor of his best days, are the benefi-
ciaries of his noble life.
That which will stand to his honor as long
as his record as a statesman are these proofs
of his love for his fellow men. No great be-
nevolence ever appealed to him in vain. No
poor man struggling with adversity, no young
man who sought his aid in the beginning of
his career, no penitent rebel, impoverished by
the war, ever asked Thaddeus Stevens in vain
for assistance. What is this but a religious
example? How much better, Mr. Speaker,
than the hollow profession which contents
itself with words, and never ripens into glo-
rious deeds'1 Leigh Hunt's beautiful allegory
has often been applied to others, but it seems
to have been written for Thaddeus Stevens.
Bear with me as I read it to you, and tell me
if it be not a faithful picture of the great mind
which, though, the body it animated is dust,
still lives to guide and strengthen the children
of men :
" Abou Ben Adhem (may his tribe increase)
Awoke one night from a deep dream of peace,
And saw, within the moonlight in his room,
Making it rich, and like a lily in bloom,
An angel writing in a book of gold.
Exceeding peace had made Ben Adhem bold,
And to the presence in the room he said,
'What, writest thou ?' The vision raised its head,
And with a look made of all sweet accord,
Answered, 'The namesof those who love the Lord.'
' And is mine one?' said Abou. 'Nay, not so,'
Replied the angel. Abou spoke more low,
But cheerly still, and said, 'I pray thee, then,
' Write me as one that loves his fellow-men.'
The angel wrote, and vanished. The next night
It came again with a great wakening light,
And show'd the names whom love of God had bless'd,
And, lo 1 Ben Adhem's name led all the rest."
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, my ac-
quaintance with Mr. Stevens began in 1835.
He was a man of mark from his first appear-
ance in the Legislature of Pennsylvania, and
he advanced at once in that body to the front
rank of debaters, though the best talents of
the State were then in the Legislature.
I well remember the passionate appeals by
which he lashed our staid old Commonwealth
into a frenzy of prejudice against the Masonic
institution for its guilty agency, supposed or
actual, in the abduction and murder of Mor-
gan, not long before, in western New York.
Mr. Stevens made himself the great champion
of the Anti-Masonic party, and the leader of
those who elected Joseph Ritner Governor in
1835. Having accepted the office of canal
commissioner from Governor Ritner, and re-
taining his seat in the Legislature as the rep-
resentative of Adams county, he carried meas-
ures with a high hand for three years. Beyond
-all question he became the most influential
man in Pennsylvania. The star of his fame
culminated to its zenith. Doubtless his bold
and earnest nature hurried him into many
excesses of opinion, but it is creditable to his
memory that in that day of his greatest power
he was the eloquent advocate of a system of
common schools which, though vehemently
opposed in its origin, has grown into great favor
with the people of Pennsylvania. Governor
Ritner, like many of the Germans of our
State, regarded the system with distrust, while
Governor Wolf, who was Ritner's competitor
for gubernatorial honors in 1835, favored its
introduction. Mr. Stevens staked- his politi-
cal fortunes on this measure. Alluding to the
contest between Wolf and Ritner, and to its
possible turn upon the school question, he ex-
claimed : "If this is to be a struggle between
the powers of light and the powers of dark-
ness, I go for him whose banner streams in
light." His significant threat brought the Anti-
Masonic partyinto the support of the school law.
It was during this period that I met Mr.
Stevens in a popular convention held in the
court-house at Harrisburg, and which was
called the "Integrity of the Union Conven-
