1092
THE CW'OKESSIONAL GLOBE.
February .11,
$1,500,000 appropriation,' but has not been
expended,
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the chairman
of the committee is mistaken in his statement
of, fact, My understanding is that the appro-
priation, so far as it has been enjoyed by Mich-
igan City, has'been exhausted.
Mr. .OeA.NDJ.ER. The old appropriation
tvas exhausted. an4 then they applied for a
.portion of the,$1,500,000,,^nd some was as-
signed. to them, the wjaole of which has not
yet been expended.
" Mr. HENDRICKS. I pas at Michigan City
this fall a,nd was in conversation with the en-
ginery in charge of the work, and he was speak-
ing to me about the. importance of having an
additional appropriation to carry the work on
and make it more secure. I understood from
h'irn that the appropriation thus far made would
only enable him to extend the pier a very little
further than he had already completed it. I
think the chairman is mistaken in supposing
that the appropriation has not been exhausted.
Mr. MORTON. This harbor is very import-
ant to the State of Indiana. It is the only lake
harbor that Indians has. It is at the extreme
southern point of Lake Michigan, and geograph-
ically is more important than' any harbor on
jj ke Michigan except that of Chicago ; and if
'ltj were improved as it ought to be, it is a harbor
that wouhj be'very important to.the commerce
of the country from its geographical position,
contrary to the fact in regard to some of these
harbors, for at some of them where appropri-
tions have been made there are very few people
living and harbors have to be made, there being
none naturally. Here is a town of some six
thousand or seven thousand inhabitants. I wish
to state that this harbor was neglected by the
Government. ' Appropriations were made for
harbors.in Michigan "knd Wisconsin and wo
could riot'l^et any for Michigan City. The citi-
zens undertook the work themselves and they
expended $120,.000. We finally succeeded a
cimple of years ago iti getting a small appro-
priation, and now it is said that $35,000 will
comnlete-the harhoi1.
{ir. HENDRICKS. Tdo not think it will.
I' think fifty or sixty thousand dollars would.
Mr,'MORTON. My colleague says $35,000
will not complete the harbor, and he thinks
perhaps fifty or sixty thousand dollars would ;
but, Mr. President, we want this harbor com-
pleted. This wofk has been on hand a long
time. The citizens there have done what the
people have not done at these other places
where appropriations are made. They have
not asked the Government to do it all, but they
have come forward and put $120,000 of their
owp mon«y into it. They are not asking the
Government to make harbors where there are
no towns and where there is no trade, for the
purpose of making a little point to ship lumber
or for the purpose of enabling somebody to lay
ou.t a town and, making money out of it and
seltbis land at a good price. There is nothing
of that kind about the harbor of Michigan
City. I have a letter here, written a few days
ago, from a gentleman who wag president of
the company which expended $i25,X)00 of pri-
vate contributions on this work, and I will read
an extract from that letter. He says :
"The citizens of Michigan City and vicinity have
expended $125,000 upon the harbor at that place.
This we think is more than has been done by any
other place of its size upon the lakes. If the Govern-
ment now gives us tho 835,( 00 asked for it-will only
make $10,000 more that they have given us beyond
what wo haye expended ourselros."
This is the substance of what he writes on
this subject. Now, Mr. President, this isour
only lake Ijarbor, geographically important to
a v#ry large sectiou of country, and we ask that
this e,iso nt that has passed the Hou?e of
K«presentatives-r-$35,000—shall be given to
us. We want tfye work finished, not to liana;
on some three or four years for the purpose of
getting forty or fifty thoug^d dollars contrib-
uted. it Longres^ will give money to make
harbors where there noiie, where there are
DO towns, where tb,ere is no,national import-
ance whatever to the work,, wfcj will.it not
oontribu.te this small sum for the purpose, of
completing this harbor where there is a city of
five or six thousand inhabitants and a harbor
of geographical importance. I trust that the
amendment of the committee-will not be con-
curred in.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hold in. my hand a
letter from General Humphreys, dated in De-
cembers stating that this allotment has been
made'to the harbor at Michigan City. * I have
all the allotments made, and this letter shows
precisely how and when they were made. An
allotment of $25,000 was made to Michigan
City harbor. Of 'course the committee have
in all cases deducted the amount' that had been
allotted; because in no case, perhaps, had'the
whole allotment been expended, or in but very
few cases.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They expended that
out of the $1,500,000 appropriated?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; we took that
out. of the $1,500,000.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not question that
there was an allotment made of $25,000, but
that allotment has not completed the work nor
placed it in a secure condition. As I under-
stood when I was there last fall that appropri-
ation is exhausted, and now this little addition
will not do substantially much good. I was
not willing for my colleague to understand that
$35,000 would certainly complete the work.
I understood from the engineer in charge of
the work, when there; that the sum which my
colleague suggested afterward would probably
complete it. I think myself it will require
$50,000 eventually to make that harbor what
the Senate would desire it to be.
I was very much .gratified at the improve-
ment that was made with the use of the money
already appropriated by the people, the hard
working people, there. There are not very
many wealthy men in Michigan City: but they
are a very enterprising people, as the Senate
must know, when I say that they, out of their
private means, when Congress refused to make
an appropriation to build this harbor, raised
$125,000. ' Then the Government caine in
with a little appropriation, two appropriations
perhaps; and I was astonished when I was
there in October or September last to see the
amount of work that had been done, and to
see the trade that has sprung up at that place
already. The lines of improvement are now
on aline with the trade that has grown up at
that point. And the Senator from Michigan, if
he would consider theinterests of his own State,
would regard the improvement of Michigan
City harbor as one of the most important. It
is the harbor that supplies northern Indiana,
the prairie country, with its timber. I saw
enormous quantities of timber upon the banks
of the improvement when I was there in Sep-
tember orOctobcr. Very much of this timber
is brought from Michigan. The harbor is as
important almost to the trade of Michigan as
to Indiana.
I wish to say to the Senate in addition, that
within two years past minerals have been de-
veloped in tho State of Indiana, coal and iron
ore, to such an extent as that there are spring-
ing up a very large number of furnaces. Our
ore is of a very valuable quality, but it is much
improved by using in connection with it Lake
Superior ore ; and now the vessels load at
Marquette, on the shores of Lake Superior,
and unload at Michigan City, and the ore is
taken directly from that point on the railroad
down to our mineral region, and is used in
connection w.ith our own ore ; so that for that
region of country this harbor is a very import-
ant one. I think that a little appropriation of
$35,000 for the. only harbor that we have that
supplies a very large country with its timber
and supplies a large and growing interest with
the necessary ore, and accommodates other
trade, ought not tp be questioned.
What will the su.ni that the committee pro-
pose to give us* be worth? The pier is being
built out into the lake. , It is not completed
because the engineer could not go on as rapidly
as he ought to do. I saw that one end of the
pier had sunken because the waves had washed
under it; and he said it was necessary to ex-
tend it out still further to make it secure. We
must have that appropriation, and it will not
do to wait another year. I think he desired to
go out perhaps one or two hundred feet fur-
ther with the pier and then complete his dredg-
ing still in the rear, and make a very desirable
harbor indeed. I hope that the appropriation
will be made at once. It is one that I think
ought not to be questioned'.
Mr. ANTEtON Y. I think \ye ought to help
those who help themselves. If the-people of
Michigan City have had tho enterprise to defray
so large a portion of the expense of this im-
provement from their ownpockets, I think the
Government ought to help them. I hope my
friend from Michigan will not carry his delicacy
so far as to refuse an appropriation to this har-
bor because it is called Michigan City. It is
not in the State of Michigan, it is in. the State
of Indiana ; and I think he ought not to object
to it because it bears the name of Michigan
City.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
whether there is any evidence that the engineers
require more than $35,000, which they esti-
mated originally for the completion of this
work. It seems they estimated for $35,000 ;
$25,000 has been spent, and here is ,an appro-
priation of the other $10,000. Now, .what evi-
dence is there from the engineer department
that more is needed ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have not examined
the reports, because I become lost when I
undertake to examine the volumes of reports
that come here. I know what the engineer in
charge of the work told me about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wanted the estimate.
Mr. GHANDLER. I have the report here
for 1868. It says :
" There was appropriated the sum of $75,000, and
to complete the work an additional sum of 535,000 is
asked for.
" This amount can be profitably expended during
the next fiscal year."
This was last year. The $35,000 stands.
"There has been excavated thirty-eight thousand
six hundred and eighty-four cubic yards of earth,
clay, and sand from the channel during the year.
The failure of the contractor to deliver timber and
do the framing has been the cause of serious delay.
"It is expected that progress will be made before
the working season eiosos.
"An annual expenditure of $10,000 will be required
for dredging between the channel piers, as well as
around the bend, where the drift sand rapidly accu-
mulates."
That is the last report.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That $35,000, then, was
to be expended in 1868. We did not under-
take to say that would complete it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is only carrying out
the appropriation for the present fiscal year.
Mr. CHANDLER. Carrying out the appro-
priation for last year, $35,000 ; and of course
if we vary from it in one case we shall have to
do so in others. I hope the Senate will stand
by the report of the committee. ' ..
Mr. HENDRICKS. I hope the Senate will
not do that. I understood from the engineer
that it was necessary at once to extend this
work out to a certain point in order to prevent
the waves carrying the sand within the harbor.
That ought to be done at once. Very consid-
erable injury, as I understood from him, would
be sustained unless the work was prosecuted
directlyon.
Mr. CQRBETT. I should like to ask the
Senator whether he has any evidence that the
$25,000 tljat Was assigned to Michigan City
since we adjourned last July, and which must
have been assigned somewhere about August
or September probably, was expended at tiie
time he was there? It seems to me that they
could not have expended that $25,000 when
they only asked $35,000 for the vear. It seems
to me he must be mistaken; tha't $25,000 could
not have been expendedj
Mr. MORGAN. .I should like to ask the
chairman of the committee whether there is
any case in which the committee have recom-
mended an increase of the appropriation over
the estimates of the engineers?
