1868.
THE (JO.N (xKESSiONAL GLOBE.
141
tion." Alarmed at the tendency of the meas-
ures of New Englaud abolitionists the people
of Pennsylvania sent delegates to Harrisburg
to strengthen the bands of the Union. Mr.
Stevens ridiculed the convention into nothing-
ness. Affecting excessive solicitude for the
"integrity of the Union," he brought his
matchless powers of invective and sarcasm to
bear against every measure that was proposed,
and, with the adoption of some unimportant
resolutions, the convention vanished.
I next met him in the "Reform Convention,"
a body elected in pursuance of law to propose
amendments to the constitution of Pennsyl-
vania. At first he took a very active part in
the organization and debates of this body, but
gradually his interest in its proceedings sub-
sided until he withdrew himself almost wholly
from its deliberations. He declined to sign
the new constitution because theword "white"
had been introduced into the suffrage clause
before the word freeman, thus limiting suffrage
to white freemen. On no subject were his
opinions more firmly fixed than in favor of the
social and political equality of the African
with the Caucasian. Of this his course in Con-
giess, which is known and read of all men,
has afforded abundant illustration.
In the fall of 1838 the great political contest
camp on between David E. Porter, the Demo-
cratic candidate for Governor of Pennsylvania,
and Governor Ritner, who was up for reelec-
tion on the Anti-Masonic ticket. Mr. Stevens
did his utmost for Ritner. He brought into
full play not only all his great resources of
eloquence, wit, and sarcasm, but as canal
commissioner, having the control of consider-
able patronage, he also inaugurated a system
of colonization for political effect, which poli-
ticians have improved upon and practiced
more or less ever since. Porter beat Ritner
in 1838, and then Mr. Stevens madethe capital
mistake of his life in determining to treat the
election as if it had not occurred. This
brought on the "buckshot war." That dis-
turbance made no strain upon our political
institutions. Indeed, it is doubtful if it ex-
cited as much attention from the people of the
other States as its importance demanded, but
abroad it was looked upon as a portentous
event. The late Mr. Dallas, our then minister
at the Court of St. Petersburg, told me he was
annoyed by daily notes from the whole diplo-
matic circle anxiously inquiring for the news
from Harrisburg, while his correspondents at
home treated the subject as too insignificant to
allude to, and therefore he had no information
to communicate. But the buckshot war, if it
wrought no great political revolution, took
Mr. Stevens out of political life for many
years. He removed to the city of Lancaster
and addressed himself with great ability and
success to the practice of his profession. It
was my privilege to know much of him as a
lawyer, and it affords me far more pleasure to
contemplate his professional than his political
career.
As a Pennsylvania lawyer he had learned to
appreciate that greatest luminary of the bench,
Hon. John B. Gibson, and at the May term of
the supreme court, in 1863, Mr. Stevens an-
nounced the decease of Judge Gibson in brief
and exquisite terms. His neat speech, to-
gether with the more elaborate eulogy of
Chief Justice Black, is printed in the seventh
volume of Harris's State Reports, and both
productions will well repay the perusal.
As a lawyer Mr. Stevens was bold, honor-
able, and candid, clear in statement, brief in
argument, and always deferential to the bench.
He was not copious in his citation of adjudged
cases. I think he relied more upon the reasons
than upon the authorities of the law. Indeed,
his tastes inclined him rather to the study of
polite literature than of the black letter. _ He
loved Pope's E-isay on Man more than Sider-
fin's Reports. Vet he betrayed no defect of
preparation at the bar. He always came with
a keen discernment of the strong points of his
case, and he spoke to them directly, concisely.
and with good effect, ffis humor was irre-
pressible and trenchant; sometimes it cut like
a Damascus blade. He was a lucky lawyer
who would go through an argument with Mr.
Stevens without being laughed at for some-
thing. Mr. Stevens's legal sagacity was ex-
hibited here, in the presence of all of us, when
he suggested the eleventh article of impeach-
ment, which came nearer costing the President
his official life than all the other articles to-
gether.
But, Mr. Speaker, T have said enough to in-
dicate the high regard in which the deceased
was held as a lawyer in Pennsylvania. Differ-
ing from him, ioto ctxlo, in politics and religion,
I cannot think that the final influence of his
great talents upon the public mind was salu-
tary, nor do i think posterity, to whom the
arbitrament belongs, will rank him as a bene-
factor of his race. But., nevertheless, there
was much in him to admire. His honesty and
directness of purpose, his courage, his scorn
and contempt for the low arts of political trick-
sters: his generosity to the poor, for his hand
and his heart were as open as the day to them ;
his learning, his eloquence, his temperance,
his industry, his firm will, his self poise—these
were the qualities that constituted his great-
ness and his excellence ; and if his fame out-
lasts the age in which he lived, it will be be-
cause it is built on these foundations. "De
mortuisnilnisihonum." Dr. Johnson thought
that for "bonurn" we should read "em/M."
I approve the criticism, and I esteem it high
praise of Mr. Stevens that it can be said of
him he so passed through life that his name
can endure the application of the maxim even
in its improved reading.
Mr. ROBINSON. Mr. Speaker, among the
people of Ireland, whose legends and poetry are
frequently fringed with the silver foam of super-
stition, there is a venerable and ever-to-be-
venerated custom, in the observance of which
on meeting a funeral you turn with it, and for
a time, however brief, become a part of the
solemn procession. It matters not who treads
the dark pathway to the grave, whether Death's
footbeats have knocked at the castle or the
cabin, to the rich and the poor, to the lowly and
the lordly, is paid this universal homage, by to-
day's living and to-morrow's dead.
Athwart my weary footsteps over life's rugged
highway this funeral procession to-day occurs.
He who in life provoked such enmities and
secured such friendships is now beyond the
reach of both, but as this pageant passes I
uncover my head and mingle my footsteps in
its solemnities.
Of his political opinions, his loves and
hatreds, his passions and his prejudices, it is
not for me here to speak. With many of them
I never could, nor is it likely I ever shall, sym-
pathize. My prejudices against him were as
strong as his against others, and I must con-
fess that on taking mv seat here I should not
have regretted had I been able to provoke a
controversy with him, however much the odds
might have been against me ; and upon two or
three occasions when he expressed dissent from
my views I did not hesitate to intimate that it
would not be disagreeable to me to receive his
attack and break a lance with him. I had even
gone so far as to look into the public records
of his adopted State, over which his words and
works are voluminously written, to see if I
could find a crevice in his armor through
which I might more successfully assail him.
Had I provoked a controversy with him my
temerity might have been made manifest to all,
and might have betrayed me into language
which to-day and for all time would be a
cause of regret to me and mine. On two or
three occasions when 1 addressed this House
he came over to this side of the Hall and took
a seat in front of mine, sometimes interrupting
me with a playful or more serious observa-
tion, but seeming to give a pleasant refusal
to my rash challenge, and to wish rather to
encourage than to wound.
Is it unbecoming in me, therefore, now that
his ear is forever closed to censure or to flat-
tery, to say that my search for inconsistency
in his public career was in vain ; that he above
all men seemed at least consistent in his opin-
ions and singularly bold in expressing and de-
fending them :
" To cowards and despots a hatred undying.
For freedoma passion intense and relying,
A pride in the resolute hand;
A hope that could see not a danger to shun
When bonds should be broken and liberty ivon."
Radically as we differed on measures in
defense of which most of his time recently was
occupied, there were many subjects on which
we had kindred sympathies. For the oppressed
people of Ireland, for the vindication of the
rights of American citizens, for the speedier
extension of citizenship and suffrage to our
immigrant population he had strong and pro-
nounced opinions. And to me it is a source
of regret that his voice will not be heard nor
will his influence be felt in the discussion and
settlement of these questions; that in the great
contest which I fear is approaching on one of
them his clarion voice will not be heard as it
would have been had he lived, rallying his fol-
lowers and partisans to the defense of the
Declaration of Independence, which he con-
tended guarantied to the governed the right
of choosing their governors by universal man-
hood suffrage, as well for recent emigrants
from despotisms in Europe as for immediate
emigrants from slavery everywhere.
We have all observed the frail and yet tena-
cious hold which he appeared to have on life.
Nature had given him many difficulties to con-
quer: society had bestowed on him but few of
its smiles. His life seemed to me a life of sor-
row sufficiently marked to explain, if not to
excuse, his apparent bitterness. No kindly
voice to whisper comfort in his sorrows; no
hand to soften the asperities with which this
world's conflicts will harden the downiest pil-
low; no kindred heart in whose sympathetic
throbbings he could read the alphabet of love.
He seemed like an eagle, perched alone upon
a blasted oak in sullen and defiant majesty,
scorning alike the chatter and the scream of
other birds around him ; his eye sometimes
seemingly covered with film as of down from
the passing wing of death, but in a moment
shooting into pinions on which he proudly
soared to the sun.
That proud and defiant, spirit, often fierce,
sometimes unforgiving, and always bold and
honest, has passed away. Is it presumption
to hope that beneath all his outward apparent
harshness there was an undercurrent of benevo-
lence ; that the thunder-cloud which hung upon
his rugged brow,and from beneath which flashed
the lightning of his sunken eye, .-netted into the
rainbow of hope and the light of love, and that
the closing scenes of his life, the holy influence,
pure prayers, and sacred rites of the pjous sis-
ters. to whom both here and at Emmittsburg,
in Maryland, he had shown many favors, and
who repaid him tenfold in the deep devotion
of their unselfish love, as they wafted his depart-
ing spirit to the gates of Heaven on their trem-
bling petition, and closed his eyes in death; with
the blessing of the venerable octogenarian priest
of Lancaster, still living, who loved and hon-
ored him through life, cleansed his soul from
sin, and that his spirit was admitted to the
mansions of the blest?
But, Mr. Speaker, I am apparently forgetting
that I turned my footsteps only for a moment
with this sad procession, not to deliver any
eulogy or to recall his frailties. I rose simply
to fling upon his passing bier a flower—would
that it were worthier —a daisy or a shamrock,
wet with the dew-drop of a sincere and sym-
pathizing tear; and join in the prayer which
thousands waft to Heaven to-daythat his spirit
may rest in eternal peace.
Mr. SYPHER. Mr. Speaker, the character
of Mr. Stevens in his relations as a fellow-
townsman has been most ably and app-ropn-
