1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109S
Mr. CHANDLER. Not one dollar.
Mr. MORGAN. And this appropriatkm is
in accordance with the recommendation of the
engineers ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment reported
by the committee.
Mr. CHANDLER called for the yeas and
nays ; and they were ordered.
Mr. MORTON.- I do not know what the
date of this report which has been referred to
by the Senator from Michigan is. It seems to
have been made nearly a year ago, as I under-
stand.
Mr. CHANDLER. In 1868.
Mr. MORTON. It is dated in 1868, but it
was made a good while ago, because it refers
to what they hoped to do last summer, which
has long passed and gone. Now, Mr. Presi-
dent, there is something wrong about this, and
those of us who have been in Michigan City
know it. We know that that harbor is not
finished; that the work originally laid out has
not been completed, and that $10,000 will not
do it. This is simply trifling with the subject.
The people there have been trying to help
themselves. The Senator from Rhode Island
has said that he is willing to help those who
try to help themselves. They have done what
the people of no harbor in Michigan or Wis-
consin or Illinois have done. They have put
their hands into their own pockets to do this
work, and they are simply asking the Govern-
ment to do a part of it.
Mr. DOOLI'iTLE. I have no objection to
the honorable Senator from Indiana stating
how well they have done in Michigan City;
but he goes too far in stating that none of the
people who ask for the improvement of their
harbors have done the same thing. They have
at Milwaukee, they have at Racine, and they
have at other places expended very large sums
of their own money in building Government
harbors.
Mr. HOWE. And at Sheboygan.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And at Sheboygan and
other places. They have spent largely by issu-
ing bonds of the city and otherwise. Nearly
four hundred thousand dollars were expended
at the city of Milwaukee iu making the straight
cut.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have not a word to
say in regard to Michigan City harbor, except
that a few years ago the Government expended
a large amount of money upon it—I do not
know how much; and perhaps six years ago
the citizens of Michigan City formed what they
called the Michigan City Harbor Company, or
something of that kind, and applied to Con-
gress to make over the work to that corpora-
tion, and pledged themselves that they would
never ask the Government for another dollar.
The Government made over the work to that
company at the request of the citizens of Michi-
gan City,,and we supposed it was ended forever.
Perhaps four years ago they came in and
wanted us to take it back and make an appro-
priation of a certain amount, and said that
would finish the harbor. We took it back and
gave the appropriation, whatever it was, and
then they reported that $85,000 would complete
the work. We put that $35,000 into this bill.
Whether it will complete the work or not I do
not know. The $25,000 allotted was allotted
late m the fall, and not expended. If we in-
crease the amount to Michigan City by $25,000
of course every improvement will come in and
ask that theirs be increased in the same ratio,
and ask it with a considerable degree of pro-
priety. If it be the will of the Senate to add
$1,500,000 to the report of the committee, so
be it. We are in the hands of the Senate, and,
of course, we must abide their vote. But-in
case this is to be added I notify the Senate that
every other harbor will ask for the same, thing ;
and then those that have not received their
allotments will ask that their appropriations
may be increased in the same ratio, and will
ask it with a great deal of fairness. - ...
Mr: MORTON. Mr. President, ^undertake
to say there is no case like this. Two years
ago, just about this time, and before I cauie
into the Senate, being in the city of Washing-
ton, my friends from Michigan City wanted roe
to look after a small appropriation for this
harbor. They were then expending their own
money in its improvement. I found what I
regarded as a somewhat singular opposition to
any appropriation for the improvement of this
harbor. I examined the bill which was then
before the Senate, and found an appropriation
in that bill for the making of a harbor at—I
forget now the name of the town; but it was
some fifteen or sixteen miles north of Michi-
gan City, in the State of Michigan, where there
was no necessity for a harbor if MichiganCity
had one, and where there was a little bit of a
town that did not contain one tenth part of the
population of Michigan City. I found an appro-
priation for> harbor where there was .no har-
bor, and where there were not ten families
living, where there was a mere little creek;
and there could be no reason assigned for the
construction of a harbor there, except it was
to enable somebody to sell his land and lay out
a town; and I am told there have been several
cases of that kind. I do not care about mak-
ing a difficulty in regard to these cases. But,
sir, here is a harbor of geographical import-
ance, of great importance to the State of Indi-
ana. Being situated at the extreme southern
point of Lake Michigan the importance of it
geographically can be well understood. There
has always been some kind of opposition to
making appropriations for this harbor that I
have not very well understood. I do not care
to investigate it or to go into that subject; but,
sir, if this harbor is to be passed over on one
excuse or another time after time, and money
appropriated to building harbors where there
are no harbors, scarcely a creek, and no town,
the country ought to understand it, and shall.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am perfectly willing
to vote for this appropriation if Senators will
only satisfy me that the engineer department
require more money to be expended there thia
year previous to June 30, 1869; but it is really
unsafe, in my judgment, to take merely the
impressions of Senators from that State, or
anybody else who has seen it, when there is no
evidence from the proper department to show
the want of money for the purpose suggested.
That is the only objection that I have to it,
and I think the testimony ought to be furnished
to the Senate in all cases where required and
an estimate made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My objection to this
appropriation asked for by Senators from In-
diana is this: I understand from the ehairman
of the committee that they are acting upon the
same principle in reducing the various amounts
in this bill. Immediately before the appro-
priation which we are now considering is
one: "for improvement of harbor of Chicago,
$48,000." The committee recommend that
"forty-eight" be stricken out and '• thirteen"
inserted, so that it will read "$13,000'" instead
of "$48,000" for the harbor of Chicago. That
amendment of the committee was concurred
in. I did not think it proper to object to it,
although it strikes the appropriation down-
strikes out three fourths of it, and why? Be-
cause, I understood from the chairman of the
committee, that out of the $1,500,000 which
was appropriated at the' last session for the
improvement of harbors the balance of the
$48,000 had been assigned by the Secretary of
War, and that Chicago was receiving the full
amount which was called for by the engineers—
$48,000. Now we come next to Michigan City,
and we find the same thing there. For the
improvement of that harbor $35,000 were re-
quired by the officers in charge of the improve-
ment. The Secretary of War has allotted
$25,000 for that purpose out of the $1,500,000
already appropriated, and the committee there-
fore recommend that thesum be stricken down
to $10,000. It seems to me that is proper;
but if it is not proper in the case of Michigan
City, then I must, ask the Sen&t® to reconsider
its vote-in regard the harbor Of Chicago.
Let us all be dealt witli^like.,
Mr. HENDRICKS. Tshall only abuse the
patience of the Semite one moment' longer
about this matter. I feel tbelmfiortance'of it
because I have been upon the ground.' I know
the trade that naturally comes in" at that point.
I know the large extent of rich countr^that it
supplies. I have anofher'interest in it. Shortly
"after I was elected to this Kody I attended a
meeting of the people of. northern Indianft at
that point, a meeting in the interest of the har-
bor improvement. They did not then look to
the Government, because year after year Con-
gress had refused to help to improve that har-
bor; but the meeting Waa a popular .erne, with,
a view to raising funds tp make the improve-
ment at the expense of the people themselves.
On the day that I attended the meeting Tthink
there was raised about seventy-five taOuSsnil
dollars by private subscription,'ind many of
those dollars were subscribed by'metf, mechan-
ics in the town, who made their living bjrttieir
day's work. Wheh I saw their interest in the
work it excited my interest, and although I
have not been a very earnest advocate for gen-
eral appropriations for rivers and harbors 1 felt
that there was a national work—a harbor at the
foot of the lake which brings the ore of Lake
Superior and the timber of Michigan and Wis-
consin down .into Indiana, and throws a trade
all over the northern part of that State; andafter
I returned to the Senate I used every effort, io
connection with my colleague at that time, to
get some appropriation to help the people
there, and I felt very raueh gratified when the
appropriation was made.
Sir, it has been a little ambition—perhaps it
was a very trifling one indeed—on my part, to
see some sufficient appropriation to guaranty
the completion of this work before I should
leave the Senate. It is the only point in the
State of Indiana where the Government makes
an appropriation to aid her trade and her com-
merce. 1 did feel a desire to see .something
near the completion of that work secured before
I should leave this body. Then I would feel
that I had rendered some service to the people
that I represent. , _ •
Now, sir, I have explained briefly and frankly
the interest that I take specially in this appro-
priation. I shall feel it a matter of very great
interest to myself to see this little appropria-
tion of $35,000 given to complete the harbor
as nearly as may be.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—"Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Cole, Corbett,,
Cragin, FrelinKhuysen, Morgan, Morrill of Maine,
Spencer, Stewart, Trumbull, and Warner—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, I>a vis, DooliUlo,
Fowler, Harlan. Hendricks, Howard, MeQr^ery,
Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Eatosey, Ruse,
Eobertson, Ross. Sawyer, Sprngue, Thayer, Van
Winkle. Wade, Willey, and Williams—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Cameron,
Conkting, Conness, Dixon, Brake, Edmunds, Ferry,
Fessenden, Grimes. Harris, Henderson, llowe, Kel-
logg, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont, Norton; Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee,
Pool, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sumner,Tipton, Vickers,
Welch, W hyte, Wilson, and Yates—30.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope not.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I hope.it will.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before
putting that motion the Chair will lay before
the Senate a communication from the Secretary
of the Interior.
EXECUTIVE COMMCSrCATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting a communication from
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, dated the
9th instant, relating to the treaty of July 4,
1866, between the Government and the Dela-
ware Indians; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Itis moved
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion wa& agreed to; find the Senate
adjourned.
