1846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
the public interest and against the settlers on
the line.
Mr. HOWE. It was against the interest of
the settlers, but they never made any remon-
strance, and in point of fact there were very
few of them who purchased lands on the old
line after the location of it, and they never
have made any remonstrance, and the road is
built on the new line.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Wis-
consin, who knows more about the facts than I
do, is willing to take the responsibility of pass-
ing this proposition I will not object, though
I am rather opposed to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike out the proviso
to the appropriation for gas for lighting the
Capitol and President's House, in line six hun-
dred and eighty-two, as follows:
Provided, That no greater sum than $2 80 cents per
one thousand eabie feet shall be paid lor the gas for
which this appropriation is made.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
line six hundred and ninety-seven to seven
hundred and one, as follows :
For the purchase of a portrait of the late President
Abraham Lincoln, to be placed in the Executive
Mansion, $3,000, orso much thereof as may bo neces-
sary: Provided, That said portrait shall be selected
by the incoming President of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seven hun-
dred and three, to strike out " two " and insert
"one;" so as to read:
For improvement, care, protection, and repair of
seats and fountains in the Capitol grounds, $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
. The next amendment was in line seven hun-
dred and sixteen, to strike out after the word
"education" the words "in some institution
to be selected by him;" so as to make the
clause read:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to provide
for the education and maintenance of such deaf and
dumb of the District of Columbia as cannot com-
mand the means to secure an education, §15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
line seven hundred and twenty-six to seven
hundred and thirty, as follows :
For the purchase by the Secretary of the Interior,
for the agricultural and economical purposes of the
institution, one hundred and fifty acres of land,
more or less, with the buildings thereon, lying di-
rectly east of the present grounds of the hospital,
$23,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
seven hundred and thirty-four:
_ For the Sisters of Mercy in Charleston, South Caro-
lina, in recognition of their services toward Union
prisoners during the lato rebellion, $20,000.
Mr. WILSON. It seems to me that $20,000
is a large sum for such a purpose. 'I would sug-
gest that we put it at $10,000, unless there is
some very special reason why we should vote
this large amount.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to say a word in
reference to this amendment. These ladies,
as is well known to a very large number of
the soldiers of the Army, were untiring in
their devotion to the wants of the Union pris-
oners in Charleston. Where there was sick-
ness and suffering among our men they were
busy at all times in administering to their re-
lief. Month after month, I may say year after
year, these good women were at the hospitals
in attendance upon the sick, carrying delica-
cies and the necessaries of life; and there is
no question that they saved th6 lives of large
numbers of Union soldiers in that city. I do
not say that it is incumbent .on the United
States to pay these ladies for services which
their religious vocation impelled them by a
sense of duty to perform; but I do say that if
there are persons who are deserving of recog-
nition at the hands of the United States Gov-
ernment for service of that kind it certainly is
these ladies. I hope the amendment will be
adopted. I wish to move a slight addition to
the amendment, to insert in line seven hundred
and thirty-seven after the word '' dollars "the
words "to be disbursed by the Secretary of
the Treasury."
Mr. POMEROY. If this appropriation is
to be made, some one ought to,have the respons-
ibility of the disbursement. It is pot a cor-
poration ; they have not boards of contractors ;
and some public officer should be charged with
the responsibility of the disbursement. I do
not know who is theproper officer—there should
be some one.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not understand why an
appropriation of this kind should be made. I
have no recollection of ever seeing an act of
Congress appropriating money heretofore as a
gift to people in recognition of their services.
Here are ladies whose whole vocation in life is
to administer to the wants of the distressed and
the sick and the wounded and the afflicted; and
we are called upon now to make a gift to them
of $20,000, not to reimburse expenses that
they have-been put to, but in recognition of
their services toward Union soldiers which their
profession and vocation in life and the "vows
that 'bound them in their sisterhood required
them to reader toward all persons who stood
in need of their charitable services.. '
All over this country,' wherever the sick and
wounded soldiers were found, there were bands
of charitable women. Are we to begin with
them in detail and go through and make dona-
tions of money out of the public Treasury to
them in recognition of their services? If not,
why single out the Sisters of Charity or of
Mercy in Charleston, South C&rolina, as the
special objects of the benefaction of this Gov-
ernment for those services?
But, sir, what better claim have they to rec-
ognition for their services than the thousands
of volunteer Union women of the country who
went into the hospitals and into the camps
and wherever the sick and wounded soldier
was found and rendered their service without
fee or reward, without the obligation of a reli-
gious vow, purely out of consideration for
their suffering brothers and fathers, purely out
of patriotism for the country that was in peril
and in defense of which those fathers and
brothers were wounded and sick and dying?
Shall we make no recognition of their heroic
and motherly and sisterly service in that dark
hour of the Republic, but pass them all by,
martyrs, as many of them were, and pass by
the orphan children of those martyred mothers,
and give to this institution which is supported
already bj other funds and is under obliga-
tions by its'vows to minister to the wants of
the afflicted everywhere? Sir, I object to this
singling out of one institution among the many
of a similar kind, and selecting out one set of
Sisters in this country to the utter exclusion
and neglect of the thousands of other sisters
who went as these did to minister to the wants
of the sick and the wounded and the dying.
If this amendment is passed I shall callforthe
yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. SAWYER. I did not desire fo debate
this amendment; but I wish to say one word
in reply to the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri. It is in evidence before the committee
of the Senate that the orphan asylum of which
these Sisters of Mercy have the charge was
completely destroyed during the bombardment
of the city of Charleston ; a large and valu-
able structure capable of accommodating two
or three hundred orphan children was ruined
so that it has since that been entirely-unten-
anted. We are well aware that they cannot
come before the Congress of the United States
and ask'remuneration for the destruction of a
building in the eity of Charleston during that
bombardment; butwesubmitthat when thesfe
women were attending our sick and nursing
our wounded at the very time when those walls
were being battered down by our missiles of
war it is becoming in the United States to
recognize the services- of these women to our
sick and wounded soldiers.
They do not dome here and make a claim
for the destruction of their property ; for they
know full well that such a claim could not be
recognized ; they come here and make no claim
at all; but the loyal soldiers of our Army, our
generals and our colonels and our privates, ask
for them that they shall be recognized by the
Congress of the United States as having that
merit in the actions which they performed
there. I know that it is their vocation to ex-
ercise this mission of charity ; but I know, on
the other hand, that they were in a community
almost the whole of which had its sympathies
enlisted on the other side, and that they were
made the medium of large charities which
passed through their hands and which would
not have reached our piisoners but for their
kindly offices. Large numbers of them were
continually engaged in this labor of love, and
while I admit as much as the honorable Sen-
ator from Missouri does that their vocation
called them to these deeds, I submit, in view
of the loss of property by this institution, it
would be graceful on the part of the United
States, it would be just on the part of the Uni-
ted States, and it could not form a dangerous
precedent- On the part of the Congress' of the
United States to grant to them this slight
gratuity.
Mr. NORTON. I understand the basis of
this appropriation is, that during the progress
of the war and the military operations in front
of the city of Charleston the building or the
asylum of these Sisters of Mercy was destroyed.
Whether it was the result 'of the inevitable
prosecution of the war or military operations
in that locality is not material. Their building
was destroyed, and this appropriation is pro-
posed to be made to them in some measure to
compensate them for what they lost. I do not
understand it to be urged as a claim ; I under-
stand it to be simply a charity. They-make no
claim. They do not urge that their property
was destroyed, and for that reason they should
be compensated in the way of an appropriation
for an amount sufficient to make them whole.
I understand it to be simply a gratuity.
I must express my surprise at. the course of
the Senator from Missouri on this question. I
am well aware that he has often told the Senate,
and through the Senate, the country, that he
has no sympathy and no chanty for any
of those who" aided, as far as their facilities
allowed them, the rebellion. He will not
relieve their disabilities. He will do nothing
except to impose upon those people what he
seems to assume to be the burden of their
transgressions. But I cannot forbear express-
ing my surprise that that Seuatoron this occa-
sion, when we have before us a mere matter of
charity, should bring his political prejudices
and hatreds, aye, sir, his malice, to the con-
sideration of the question.
Sir, it is a faet that these Sisters of Mercy
ministered to the wants of Union soldiers and
Union prisoners just as they did to all others
suffering. They knew no creeds, no religions.
Can it be possible that the Senator from Mis
souri supposes that they made distinctions be-
cause of creeds and religious beliefs ? I know
what,has been done, and I need only suggest
it for the Senate to remember what has been
done in the State of Missouri, and especially
in the city of St. Louis, upon the subject of
religious creeds and beliefs. But there is no
suggestion of that sort in this case. These
Sisters of Mercy saw our Union soldiers suf-
fering and in want, and they came in the spirit
of Christian charity to their relief. They did
relieve them} and of all those who ever came
within^the reach of those Sisters, no one has
ever suggested that they withheld a cup of
water or a piece of Bread. They went among
our prisoners and ministered to their wants
and sufferings. They come here now and
ask—they make no claim, but they ask as a
gratuity, and appeal to the charity of Congress
to make them whole for what they lost, not
because of what they did for Union soldiers
and Union prisoners, but because by the inev-
itable accident of the war they lost their build-
ing, and it cannot be repaired. They come
and ask a gratuity, and they say. to the Con-
gress of the United States, "because we did
