1094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February It,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 11, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by,Rev. A. P. Peabody, D. D., acting presi-
dent of Harvard University.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
paraguayan difficulties.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of the Navy, transmitting, in compliance with
a. resolution of the House of the 2d instant,
correspondence relating to the Paraguayan dif-
ficulties; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of the question of privilege pend-
ing at the adjournment yesterday, being the
following resolutions offered by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr." Butler:]
Resolved, That the Hou^e protest thatthe counting
'of the vote of Georgia by the order of the Vice
President pro tempore was a gross act of oppression,
and an invasion of the rights and privileges of the
House.
Hebolved, That the twenty-second iointrule of the
House and Senate be, and hereby is, rescinded on the
part of the Souse.
Meeolved further, That the resolutions now pending
be. and are hereby, referred to a select committee of
five, with leave to report at any time.
' The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabar-
ger] is entitled to the floor for fifty minutes
of bis hour.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. Is it in
order to move that the consideration of this
subject be postponed until after the morning
hour?
' The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
tf it were postponed the next question would
be-on the demand for the previous question
made by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
McCarthy] on the passage of the Washington
and New York air-line railroad bill, so called.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. And after
that the morning hour?
Tlie SPEAKER. After that the morning
hour.
Mr. HOLM AN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] to
yield to me to movo to postpone the consider-
ation of this subject until aller the morning
hour.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the House
will dispose of this question and have an end
of it.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. Very well, sir.
The SPEAKER. Before the gentleman
fCora Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] proceeds, the
Chair desires to state that he has asked the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
to preside while the question of privilege now
before the House is under consideration. The
Chair has decided that the resolution of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
involves a question of privilege, because it
asserts that the privileges and rights of the
House have been infringed. But the Presiding
Officer of this House, as a member upon the
8oor, has expressed his opinion that no privi-
lege of the House was invaded, and that the
President ofthe joint convention did only what
he had been commanded to do by the concur-
rent resolution of both Houses.
Before he leaves the chair, the Speaker _will
ask the House to grant authority to the Speaker
pro tempore to appoint the members on the
payt of the House of the joint committee to
inform the President and Vice President-elect
of the result of the counting of the electoral
votes by the two Houses assembled yesterday
*ik convention. If there is no objection
the Speaker pro tempore will appoint that com-
mittee.
Mr. PRLYN. I move that tbe Speaker
pro tempore have the authority asked by the
Speaker.
No objection was made; and it was-ordered
accordingly.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before the Speaker leaves
the chair I wish to call attention to' the "fact
that if this debate goes on now we will prob-
ably have no morning hour to-day. On that
account I think it might well be delayed until
after the morning hour.
Mr. HOLMAN. I insist upon the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is called
for by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hol-
man.] The Chair will state that if the pending
question was postponed there might still be
no morning hour today for this reason: the first
question after the postponement is the motion
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Mc-
Carthy] for the previous question upon the
passage of the Washington and New York air-
line railroad bill. After that bill shall have
been disposed of the Chair is informed by the
Committee on Reconstruction, through the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paixe,] that
that committee, which is authorized to report
at any time, will report a bill for the removal
of political disabilities. And the gentleman
has further informed the Chair that the bill will
probably give rise to some debate. After that
bill shall have been disposed of the morning
hour of to-day will commence, if there be any
time remaining.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger]
yield to me for a suggestion ?
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his question of order.
Mr. PAINE. As I understand it, a motion
to refer the resolution now before the House
was made by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butler.]
The SPEAKER. It was.
Mr. INGERSOLL. And that motion is
debatable.
Tbe SPEAKER. It is ; and tbe gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] is entitled to
the floor for tbe purpose of debating it and the
several resolutions pending.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman from Ohio to yield to me for a sug-
gestion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question
of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My point of order
is that the resolution, as modified, does not
now involve a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] modified his resolu-
tion by adding to it other resolutions, not by
changing the one first offered, which involves
a question of privilege.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to make a suggestion. Upon examining this
question it must be seen that there is great ne-
cessity for legislation upon the subject involved
in the matter now before the House. It is
evident also that that question must be dis-
cussed at length, and time is pressing us. I
therefore suggest to the House, that after the re-
marks of thegentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shel-
labarger,] who I understand opposes the
resolution, we shall then appoint a committee,
if the House shall so desire, upon the report
of which committee a full discussion can be
had.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I desire now to
proceed with my remarks.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will please take the
chair.
Mr. DAWES then took the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, and said : The gentleman from
Ohio is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PRUYN. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds, I ask liira  
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I think I will have
to decline to yield.
Mr. PRUYN. I do not ask the gentleman
to yield any of his time.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. If it does not
come out of my time, I will yield.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will come
out of the gentleman's time, except by unani-
mous consent.
Objection was made by several members.
Mr. PRUYN. I desire to make an an-
nouncement to the House on a matter of pub-
lic importance.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Objection is
made to the gentleman from Ohio yielding,
and he will proceed with his remarks.
• Mr. SHELLABARGER. The reason why
I decline to yield the floor now is that I have
promised to yield what time I may have to
spare to the immediate sepresentative [Mr. ■
Garfield] of the gentleman to whom the reso-
lution now before the House more particularly
points. And I trust that I shall be excused
from yielding during the making of my remarks.
Mr. SHELLABARGER then addressed the
House. [See Appendix.] ,
notification of election.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, under the
order of the House, appointed as the commit-
tee on the part of the House to join the com-
mittee appointed on the part of the Senate to
notify the President and Vice President-elect
of their election, Mr. Wilson of Iowa, and Mr.
Pruyn.
question of privilege again.
Mr. WOODWARD. I now yield to the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Thomas.]
Mr. THOMAS. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Woodward] has been kind
enough to yield to me for a few moments. It
was my fortune, some thirty-two years ago
yesterday, to be named, in conjunction with a
gentleman from the State of New York and
Mr. Grundy, a Senator from the State of Ten-
nessee, to assist in counting the votes for Pres-
ident and Vice President of the United States.
At that time there was a difficulty in our path
very similar to the difficulty that stood in our
path prior to the assemblage of the joint con-
vention on yesterday.
The people of Michigan, without, perhaps,
any law authorizing it, had organized a State
government in all its branches, elected mem-
bers of the Honbe of Representatives; had
elected Senators, and proceeded to vote in due
time for electors for President and Vice Presi-
dent. In one of the articles of the constitu-
tion of Michigan that State undertook to pre-
scribe the boundaries of the State, and set forth
a boundary which included a portion of terri-
tory then claimed in part by Ohio and in part
by Indiana. At its session commencing in
18.36 Congress had under consideration the
question of that boundary, and were disposed
to decide that question before the admission of
Michigan into the Union, and while Michigan
could be treated as one of the Territories of
the United States ; and that question was de-
cided prior to the meeting ofthe joint conven-
tion. But Congress had not, in the judgment
of some of its members, made provision for
the election of electors of President and Vice
President in that State.
The vote of Michigan was very unimportant
as affecting the result. Mr. Van Buren had a
majority of the votes cast, whether the vote of
Michigan were to be counted or not. It then
became a question how far it was prudent,
politic, and wise for Congress to encounter any
difficulty in the joint convention of the two
Houses in a contest over the right of Michigan
to vote or not to vote. The matter was looked
into, and the precedent mentioned by the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] was
found spread upon the records of Congress.
We found that a similar difficulty had pre-
viously presented itself in the case of Missouri
while Congress was deliberating upon that very
agitating subject which the admission of Mis-
souri gave rise to ; and we found that in that
case Mr. Clay, with that far-seeing judgment
which always distinguished him in a deliber-
ative body, devised that very plan which was
followed yesterday. I hold in my hand the res-
olutions reported to the Senate by Mr. Grundy,
copied from the resolution of Mr. Clay in the
