Mi
. Tjft' OO^CrEESSIOI^AI/ (ffiQ&E.
December 17,
ately commented on by the gentleman from-
Penusylvania who succeeds him in this House. J
His distinguished services in the State of his
adoption, both in the cause of common schools
and the construction of public works, may with
just propriety be cited as among the most
honorable achievements of his life. I pass
over the period- giv«n to fostering and building
up the institutions of the great Commonwealth
which he so highly honored and come immedi-
ately to lay upon the grave of this great cham-
pion of freedom the grateful thanks of an
emancipated race, of a disenthralled people,
and of States regenerated. It is not unnatural
that the loyal constituency of myself and col-
leagues on this floor from the South should
have regarded Mr. Stevens as the foremost as
well as the most earnest and trustworthy de-
fender of their rights. These people have
ever been in the peculiar situation of living
within the lines of the enemy, and, therefore,
during all their days of hope and nights of
despair, looking northward for deliverance,
the stalwart form of him who always led the
advance guard, and who never retired behind
the picket line, was ever most prominently in
view.
Thaddeus Stevens was born a leader. Men,
policies, and parties were not allowed to stand
iu his way. JDLis life was devoted to the cause
of humanity, and whatever race or individual
wrongfully oppressed strove to rise above the
oppressor, found in him a true and faithful
friend and able advocate.
Thirty years' active participation in the anti-
slavery movement in this country and a thorough
analysis of the character of the slaveholder had
fully prepared him to enter into an armed strug-
gle against treason and traitors. He had no
sympathy with peace conferences, compro-
mises, and resolutions of pacification. In the
autumn of 18U0 ho wrote to a young man then
in Memphis, Tennessee, "The only way to end
this! rebellion is to conquer the rebels." Fiom
the first hour when secession was proclaimed
in South Carolina and the property of the na-
tion was seized by southern rebels his voice
was for war. In State and in national council,
iu his place on the floor of this House, in pri-
vate_ conferences with the President and the
Cabinet, ho advocated a vigorous prosecution
of the war on war principles. His propositions
were so bold that timid men were startled and
stood fixed in amazement. Before the sound
of the first gun fired in the cause of treason and
rebellion had reached the northern border of
the Republic ho declared that freedom should
be proclaimed to every slave iu the land, and
the loyal men of (he South, both white and black,
should be invited to enroll themselves in de-
fense of the 0nion. He maintained that public
safety'demanded nothing less. The brave old
man^ would have called a million of men into
service ancl would have marched amid the clash
of steel and the roar of artillery from the Po-
tomac to the Gulf.
Thus he would have swept treason before
him, and behind him he would have left an
unquestionable guarantee of perfect equality
of rights before the law. In the spring of 1802
lies declared upon this floor in favor of imme-
diate emancipation. President Lincoln plainly
and emphatically expressed his diapprobation
of this measure, and avowed that the Admin-
istration was not in sympathy with that move-
ment. Late in the summer, after the nation
had been disciplined by the failure of the
peninsular campaign, PresidentLincoln turned
to the speech in which this great and wise
measure was advocated. He sent for Mr.
Stevens, apologized for the opposition made
to him, and declared himself in favor of eman-
cipation. These two great men of the nation
were agreed as to the fact, but differed as to
time. Stevens favored' immediate emancipa-
tion ; Lincoln thought best to give the rebels
due notice that they would lose their slaves
if they did not lay down their arms. For- I
tunate, thrice fortunate for the nation "and |
especially for my constituents, the Ood of !
nations hardened'the hearts "of the "enemy and
they did not cease to, make war, 'and therefore,
at the expiration .pf one hundred days, camethe
proclamation of'freedom that Stevens would
have issued three hundred days before.
.Following the emancipation came the strug-
gle on the question of arming the colored men
of the South who had just obtained the right
of self-ownership. Stevens again boldly ad-
vanced to the picket-line and lashed his tardy
compeers up to the duty of self-preservation.
When the last terrible blow had crushed armed
rebellion, the work of the soldier ended, and
that of the statesman began, then the doctrine
of universal amnesty was promulgated from the
highest places in the nation ; it was preached
from the pulpit; it was recommended in Cabi-
net ; it was advocated in the most powerful
journals in the land. In the mighty struggle
that followed, wherein all that had been won
by force of arms was about to be sacrificed by
the sophistry of diplomacy, Stevens was again
the bulwark of the nation, almost the sole de-
fender of the rights of the loyal millions of
the southern States. But for his services in
the work of reconstruction a whole race of
people, upon whom the first rays of the light of
freedom had just dawned, would have been
surrendered unconditionally into the hands of
the enemy.
Step by step he fought his way up, dragging
the nation after him, until he attained, by the
aid of many able and brave associates iu
Congress, the organization and establishment
of governments iu the rebellious States upon
the basis of a loyal citizenship and perfect
equality of rights. In this final labor of his life,
when victory dawned upou the nation, the
heroic old man died at his post beckoning the
people forward to higher and nobler achieve-
ment*. Never will the services of this great
man be duly appreciated by those in the defense
of whose rights he so manfully struggled. His
name, with that of Lincoln, will ever be remem-
bered with the warmest emotions of gratitude
by this and succeeding generations of the
emancipated people of America, when others
now esteemed great shall have been forgotten.
He needs no statue of bronze, no pillar of
marble with carved inscriptions to tell pos-
terity his fame. The labors and achievements
of his life have rendered him immortal. In
the name of the loyal South, whose fertile fields
have been opened to free and skilled labor;
in the name of toiling millions seeking home-
steads ; in the name of States now no longer
cursed by slavery; in the name of a people
struggling from abject slavery up to perfect
freedom; in the name of a race once declared
possessed of no rights which white men were
bound to respect, but now clothed with the full
rights of citizenship which the whole power of
the nation is pledged to defend, I thank God
that Tuaddeus Stevens lived and labored and
triumphed.
Mr. WIIITTEMORE. I cannot expect, nor
do I endeavor, to excel the words so "fitly
spoken," eulogistic of the life, character, influ-
ence, and worth of " the great commoner,"
whose name has dwelt so often upon the lips
of the whole people, whose words and works
have become a part of the history of our
national greatness, whose good and generous
heart beat in sympathy for all humanity, whose
every effort was inspired for the elevation, im-
provement, and prosperity of the race; but I
can express somewhat the grief which the peo-
ple of my State, in common with our whole
country, have felt in the loss of him who was
the friend of all men, who loved his neighbor
as himself, who was an invineiblc pioneer in
all the noble measures which have become the
security of our hopes and the ark of safety of
our national unity. The emancipated, the
enfranchised, the reconstructed, "the restored
States, the millions redeemed from the house
of bondage, once chattels, now freemen, with
their title-deeds of citizenship guarantied, who
owe so much to his untiring efforts in their
behalf, his uncompromising fidefity to the right,
felt in his loss that a peer of Abraham Lincoln
had fallen ; and in their memories will evef
live sacred associations clustering around the
counsels he has given, the hoge and courage
he has inspired, the glorious fruition of his life-
long wish and labor. In the homes of the
lowly, in the hearts of the emancipated, he has
been enshrined.
When the sad news of the death of THADDEtrs
Stevens reached my State the General Assem-'
bly of South Carolina passed appropriate res-
olutions and draped her legislative halls in the!
semblances of 'mourning. Throughout the
Commonwealth expressions of sorrow upon
countenance and lip were the true exponents
of the solemn bereavement that had been vis-
ited upon the nation. South Carolina, with
her sisters, restored to her place in the coun-
cils of the Republic by his persistent endeavor
and patriotic labor', weeps for the mighty dead,
thanking the Giver of all good for the examples
of his life, the sterling honesty of his nature,
and unflinching devotion' to right, justice, and
truth. '
I saw him, when "he was yet among us at
the close of the session in July, weak in body,
true to the last, at his post, yet powerful in
mind. Upon informing him of the results
which had been accomplished in South Caro-
lina through the policies he had so unceas-
ingly advocated and triumphantly secured he
said to me, "Go on, sir; never fear to do
right." I shall ever remember his, to me,
last words. His voice will ever be heard in-
spiring me in the future of my life toil, my
private and public responsibilities.
Let the exhortation of the nations, "well
done, good and faithful servant," influence us
in all the legislation before us which he may
have left unfinished, to be true to our God,
our country, ourselves, and our fellow-men.
Mr. COVODE. I cannot hope to add any-
thing to the mournful interest of this occasion,
or to contribute to a true appreciation of the
character, services, and merits of Mr. Stevens ;
but my intimacy with "him was so close and
long continued, my admiration for him so sin-
cere and thorough, and my sorrow at his death
so deep, that I feel constrained to offer a hum-
ble tribute to his memory.
The beginning of his public career antedates
most of the men now active in the politics of
Pennsylvania, and his career was stormy,
eventful, and remarkable, for it covered more
than forty years of ceaseless activity. Pew
men have ever aroused so intense feeling; his
friends were -drawn to him by an irresistible
fascination, and were bound to him by the in-
dissoluble tie of admiration and love. His
enemies were ever repelled by the undaunted,
almost haughty manner in which he met their
advances. By nature a thorough, logical, and
consistent radical, he cordially spurned every
species of compromise, and he utterly con-
temned that truckling policy which so generally
bartered solid_ principle for temporary advan-
tage. He despised every form of time-serving,
and was absolutely scornful in his contempt
for tricksters._ His path was ever straight to
the goal ot his ambition over every obstacle
andliinderance. He never deviated in his faith
or his purpose, save when a modification of
meansmight hasten and insure the accomplish-
ment of his purpose. He was loftily aud
heroically devoted to the ideas which possessed
him, grandly true to the great thoughts which
filled and animated his noble soul. He was a
sineere lover of mankind, a keen sympathiser
with poverty, an honest hater,of injustice, a
friend of the downtrodden, and faithful fighter
for the rights of all men to freedom, protec-
tion, and security. This was the key-note of
his public career, and the path he trod is illus-
trated all along with proofs of his fidelity to
those principles which were early implanted
and_ which quickly ripened into animating
motives. ■ "
In his private relations he was eminently
