1869.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
1847
this for your soldiers, for your prisoners, for
your wounded in the war, give us this as a mat-
ter of charity." Sir, what sort of record will
it make among the records of the nations of
the world if it should be said that this great
Republic of ours turned its back upon those
who had ministered to iis suffering and needy
soldiers and said to them, u We have no sym-
pathy and no charity for you."
Sir, this is not a claim. I do not support it
in any sense as a claim ; but it is a simple
chariiy. Shall I be told that the Government
of the United States has no charity; that it
may not, in proper cases and under proper cir-
cumstances extend its charity? I believe we
have the power to do it, and that in this in
stance, whatever other eases may arise, if the
Government of the United States owe a charity,
if they owe gratitude, if they should feel grate-
ful and should express it, they should make to
these Sisters of Mercy this small compensation
of $*20,000.
Mr. HOWARD. The claim which is now
under discussion has once been before the Com-
mittee on Claims of this body, if I recollect
rightly, as a claim for compensation, presented
by the ladies who go by the name of the Sisters
of Mercy, I think. The committee considered
it in the light of an ordinary claim presented
by persons resident within the territories of the
rebellion, and they rejected it. If I recollect
rightly such is the report of the committee,
although there may be no written report fur-
nished to the Senate.
Mr. MORftILL, of Vermont. Yes, there
is ; here is a copy of it.
Mr. HOWARD. I' hold in my hand the
report of the committee on this subject. They
say :
"Among the papers is a letter from George W:
Williams, of a fiim of grocers and bankers in
Charleston, addressed to lion. H. McCulloch, Feb-
ruary 27, 1S67, strongly appealing to the more favored
people of the Xoith tor assistance in behalf of the
orphans as well as those who have them in charge.
This letter i-s earnestly indorsed by Hon. William
Aiken, George S. Bryan, United States district
judge, and General R. K. Scott, It should be ob-
served. however, that this letter and its indorse-
ments were rather intended to appe.tl to the sympa-
thy and charity ot otir citizens generally to whom
it might be presented than to Congress. To the con-
sideration of individuals the case presents gieat de-
mands for 1 iberality and generous treatment.
"The committee, however, are compelled to exam-
ine the petition in a different attitude and to decide
whether the United States can be properly held to
make reparation for alt dam iges sustained under
similar circumstances. They reluctantly conclude
that the petition C' me? within a class of eases where
justice to the nation mustdeuy relief."
Then it goes on to lay down the principle
upon which it is recommended by the commit-
tee to be rejected. I concurred in that report
of the committee, and I am of the same opin-
ion still. The Sisters of Mercy were the oc-
cupants of a building which seems to have
been destroyed by the (ire of the Union artil-
lery at the bombardment of Charleston. Of
course I will not undertake to state positively
who was the real owner of the property thus
destroyed, but according lo the usages and the
ecclesiastical laws of the Roman Catholic
church the title of the property was not in
(he Sisters of Mercy, but in the bishop of the
dioeese, under an ancient decrpe or rather
usage of the Roman Catholic church, which
prohibits any layman to own church property
within the diocese. I fancy it will turn out
that the title of this property is in the bishop
of that diocese. That, however, is not a very
material circumstance in the case. This prop-
erty, like any other property, was exposed to
be destroyed" by the operations of war. Its
destruction became an inevitable necessity,
and it met with the same fate that many and
many a residence met in the bombardment of
Charleston and at other places where the war
was raging ; and lbrone I cannot, except under
extremely peculiar circumstances, give my
consent to make any reparation for the de-
struction of such property. This item in the
bill, although at present it passes under the en-
gaging and enticing name of a charity, is noth-
ing but a pecuniary claim for indemnity for
the destruction of that property.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the honorable Senator
to give ■way that I may offer a resolution with
the general consent of the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I do so with pleasure.
THANKS TO PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the present
Congress will close to-morrow at noon. Before
we separate I feel myself personally and I
f el that the Senate has a debt to pay its Pre-
siding Officer. I therefore ask leave, with
much real satisfaction, to present to the Senate
a resolution which I will send to the Chair to
be read, and I hope that the Senate will re-
ceive it in the same feeling that prompts me to
offer it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Thayer
in the chair.) The resolution will be read.
The Secretary read it,- as follows:
Resolved, That the thanks of the Senate are due,
and they are hereby tendered, to Hon. Benjamin' F.
Wadk, for the ability, impartiality, and justice with
which he has disobarged the duties of Presiding Offi-
cer of the Senate during the time he has occupied the
chair.
The resolution was unanimously adopted.
reports 0e committees.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask general consent to
be allowed to make some reports. I am di-
rected by the Committee on Finance to report
back the bill (H. R. No. 2023) to amend an
act entitled '"An act imposing taxes on distilled
spirits and tobacco, and for other purposes,"
approved July 20, 1868. This bill came to us
to-day and was referred to the Committee on
Finance. The committee havegivenitthemost
careful consideration, and advise, on account
of the importance of the subject and the pro-
visions contained in it, that no action be had
at the present session owing to the want of time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
lie on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ara also directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 474) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to admit free of
duty a certain submarine telegraph cable, to
report it back without amendment. It is pre-
cisely similar in effect to a bill reported some
days ago from the Committee on Finance, and
if there be no objection I ask to have it passed
now. An objection as a matter of course will
throw it over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to consider the joint resolution now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read for inform-
ation if we are to act upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
is on taking it uo for consideration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before that question is
put I want to know what the resolution is, and
i ask that the body of the resolution be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read at length.
The Secretary read as follows :
Be it revolved. <{-£■,, That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be, anil he i? hereby, authorized to deliver to the
Western Union Extension Telegraph Company the
submarine telegraph cable made to fnrtu a part ot
thcoverland telegraph line to unite the United States
with Russia and Great Britain, intended to be laid m
the Bullring's sea, without the payment of customs
duty thereon.
Mr. NYE. I will state to the Senator from
Ohio that 1 desire to offer an amendment to
that resolution before it passes.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator really
objects to its consideration it must go over.
Mr. NYE. I do not want to object to its
consideration, but I desire to amend it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senator will
not add anything to it. It will inevitably de-
feat the resolution. If there is any objection
to it it ought not to pass.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It will liave ta
be laid aside.
Mr. CAMERON. I object to the passage
of that resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, it cannot be considered.
i'ost office appropriation' bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask leave to make a
report from a conference committee. The com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the Post Office appro-
priation bill have directed me to make the fol-
lowing report:-
The oommittee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. R. Xo. 1S08J making appropriations lor the
service of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending June 30,1870, having met, alter full
and free conference have agreed to reoominenu.anil
do recommend to their respective Hpu'es, as lotlows:
That the Senate recede from their first amend-
ment.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the -econd amendment of the
Senate and agree to tho same with an amendment,
as follows: strike ont all of said amendment and
insert in lieu thereof "$10u,000;" and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the third amendment of tha
Senate, and agree to the same.
ROSCOE CONKLING.
ALEXANDER RAMSEY,
GARRETT DAVIS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
F. C. BEAMAN.
JOHN A. XICHOLSON,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.'
mes3age from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House bad passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 476) for- the payment of Caleb S.
Hunt and J. Willis Menard, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had appointed Mr. J. G. Blaise, of
i Maine, one of the managers of the conference
i on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
, the- bill (H. R. No. 1803) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1870, and for other purposes,
in place of Mr. F. C. Beaman, of Michigan,
excused.
enrolled rills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bill and joint resolutions ; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore :
; A bill (II. R. No. 2006) to establish certain
jj post roads;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. S2") autlioriz-
ji ing the Secretary of the Treasury to remit the
duty on certain meridian circles ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 475) for the
;! appointment of Thomas A. Osborn as man-
■ ager of the National Asylum for Disabled
Volunteer Soldiers.
1 civil appropriation bill.
'! The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
, resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
i No. 2007; making appropriations for sundry
1 civil expenses of the Government for the year
■, ending June SO. 1870, and for other purposes,
j- the pending question being on the amendment
reported bythe Committee on Appropriations,
to insert after line seven hundred and thirty-
I four the following :
' To the Sisters of Mercy in Charleston, South Car-
I olina, in recognition of their services toward Union
; prisoners during the late rebellion, S20,GGJ.
II Mr. HOWARD. I had nearly finished my
'■ remarks when I gave way to the Senator from
1 Kentucky, and I will detain the Senate but a
' moment in what I have to say. I trust that I
1 know how to appreciate the services of the
ladies interested in this claim ; but, sir, it is
, not to be forgotten that their profession is the
■ doing of good to persons in distress, the poor,
the sick, the naked, the destitute. lo this
obiect thev are by their profession devoted.
They are set apart for those purposes. They
are as much, however, subject to the control
' of their ecclesiastical superior, the bishop of
. the diocese, as are any other of his suburdi-
' nates : and I apprehend that although we may
i make this gratuity, as it is called, to them per-
sonally they wilt derive no benetir ftoin it
whatever. It will be to tlietn no compensa-
;i tion ; but the fund, if it should be thus appro-
'{ priated, will ho applied according to the direc-
>1 tion of their ecclesiastical superior and to such
