1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
large-hearted, lie was a truthful man, an hon-
orable man, a thoroughly manly man. His
charity was as extensive as his knowledge of
suffering, and was princely in its liberality.
He was in his personal relations kindly, affec-
tionate. tender, and winning. No man excelled
him in the brilliancy of his conversation, none
left his presence unimpressed by his ever-active
sympathies. The devotion to his mother of
this lion-hearted man was at once a proof and
an illustration of his capacity for the deepest
and tenderest feeling. Absorbed most of his
life in the keen pursuits of politics, some har-
dening of the nature might naturally have been
expected, for none but those who knew him in
closest intimacy knew how his weary heart
yearned for loving objects to rest upon.
But he has gone. Whatever we may have
felt, in life we all now realize how large a space
he tilled, how sagacious and true he was, how
nobly and unselfishly devoted to his country,
how sedulously careful he was to guard it from
prospective dangers, and how comprehensively
he realized what measures were necessary to
give the country security for the future. Let
us go forward in the policy he traced, fortify
the buttresses of the nation, and let the Re-
public, thoroughly reconstructed upon the prin-
ciples of the Declaration of Independence, and
thereby dedicated to immortal life, be worthily
his ever enduring monument.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted ;
and thereupon (atfour o'clock p. m.) theHouse
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 18,18G8.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. GB.1MES, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
resolutions adopted at a meeting of the Detroit
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. ALLISON : The petition of whole-
sale tobacco dealers of Dubuque, State of
Iowa, relative to the tax on tobacco.
Also, the petition of citizens of McGregor,
Slate of Iowa, relative to the tax on tobacco.
Also, the petition of citizens of Lansing,
State of Iowa, relative to the tax on tobacco.
Also, the petition of citizens of Decorah,
State of Iowa, relative to the tax on tobacco.
By Mr. DAWES: The petition of It. Hath-
away and 147 others, employes in the Spring-
lieid armory, praying that their compensation
may not be diminished under the eight-hour
law.
Also, the petition of William II. Pinney and
others, citizens of Springfield, Massachusetts,
in aid of the petition of R. Hathaway and
others.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of William H.
Haskell and Thomas Cole Anderson, of Lou-
isiana. praying for relief from political dis-
abilities.
By Mr. GARFIELD : The petition of Wil-
liam ITart and W. J. Redstrake, in relation to
the management of Howard University, in the
District of Columbia.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of numer-
ous citizens of Starke county, Indiana, praying j
the establishment of a mail route between the
towns of Rushville, Indiana, and Milrov, in .
the same county. . '
By Mr. IvE LLEY: Two petitions from cit-
izens of Greencastle, Pennsylvania, asking
Congress to propose an amendment to the
Constitution that will secure to all the citizens
of the several States equal political rights,
■ irivileges, and immunities. _ _
' By Mr. MYERS : The memorial of the L ni-
vers-d Peace Union on behalf of the Indians.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of Joseph
Eud'ler. for au invalid pension.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of New York: The
p<>  ii ion of Hon. Augustus Frank and 31 others,
of Warsaw, New York, asking a revision of the
naturalization laws in order to prevent frauds
in election. . , _
Bv Mr. WELKER: The petition of La Fay-
ette'Ward, asking compensation for Wards
mail catcher," now used by the Lmted States
Post Office Department, and the patent there-
for.
Manufacturers' Association, in favor of so
amending the national banking act as to make
it a free banking law, and extending the priv-
ileges of the system to meet the requirements
of the country and a reduction of the interest
on the national debt: which wore referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens
of the United States, praying for a repeal of so
much of sections seventy-eight and ninety-four
of the act entitled "An act imposing taxes on
distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other
purposes," as relates to the tax on tobacco
manufactured after the passage of the act, and
that the Department furnish stamps, free of
charge, for all tobacco, snuff, and cigars man-
ufactured previous or subsequent to the pas-
sage of the law; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Pie also presented the memorial of the Mer-
cantile Mutual Insurance Company of New
York, asking for the use of certain legal-tender
notes instead of others destroyed in the United
States mails ; which wu3 referred to tlie Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. STEWART. I present the memorial
of Charles Weile, setting forth certain outrages
committed upon him by the citizens of Tum-
bez, in Peru, while he was acting as United
States consul there, and asking that they may
be investigated. This appears to be a very-
hard ease. The people of that city treated
him very roughly. I do not know what action
can be taken on the subject, but I will ask the
Committee on Foreign Relations to examine
the question, and if need be refer it to the j
State*Department. There ought, to be some- j
thing done about it. We have a large number j
of our whalers that go there. This gentleman
is from my State, lie is a very worthy man,
a man who was trying to do his duty as consul
at this place. There is a state of anarchy
there, and they mobbed him, and treated him
verv roughly. It ought to be regulated in some
way. There ought to be some redress. I
move that the memorial be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of M.
E. Black and others, of Iowa, praying for the
establishment of a daily mail route from Casey,
on the Chicago, Rock Island, and Pacific rail-
road, to Fontanelle, Iowa county, and thence
to Queen City, Iowa, which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of late
soldiers of the volunteer army, praying for a
repeal of a part of section seven of an act to
establish a national asylum for disabled sol-
diers which gives the managers of the asy-
lum the power to stop the pensions of certain
inmates for the benefit of_ the asylum which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Simeon
Putnam, of Chelsea, Massachusetts, praying
that the Constitution be so amended as to have
the President and Vice President elected^ by a
direct vote of the people: which was reierrcd
to the Committee on the Judiciary. _
Mr. MORTON presented a memorial ot
certain Miami Indians, of the State of Indiana,
in relation to the payment of annuities to the
Miami Indians of Indiana; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs. _
He also presented a memorial of the Indiana
yearly meeting of Friends, praying for the
confirmation of a certain piece ot land granted
to them by the Shawnee Indians for school
| purposes; which %vas referred to the Commit-
! tee on Indian Affairs. _ .
1 Mr. ABBOTT presented a petition ot citi-
zens of North Carolina, praying that provision
be made for the payment of claims of loyal
citizens; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the petition of
A. W. Smith, of Virginia, praying for the re-
moval of the political disabilities imposed on
him by acts of Congress; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of Wil-
liam II. ltagan, of Montgomery county, Vir-
ginia, praying for a removal of the political
disabilities imposed on him by acts of Con-
gress; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of James M.
Wade, of Montgomery county, Virginia, pray-
ing for a i-emoval of the political disabilities
imposed on him by acts of Congress; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. NYE presented the petition of Charles
Weile, praying for compensation for services
rendered as consul at Tumbez, Peru; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. V1CKERSpresented the petition of Mrs.'
Philip Johnson, praying for the passage of a
law to compel landlords to comply with their
leases; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, presented
additional papers relating to the claim ot Pau-
lina Jones, for a pension ; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. CRAG1N, it was
Ordemtl, Tli.it the papers of McKean Buchanan, a
purser in the Navy, bo withdrawn from the files ot
the Senate and referred to the Committee on A'aval
Affairs.
0kw5r of business.
Mr. CHANDLER. If there are no further
memorials 1 move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of House bill No. 14G0.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator from
Michigan will allow me to submit a motion for
a short executive session, which it is necessary
to have befoic the anticipated message is^re-
ceived from the House of Representatives. The
message may come in at any moment, and
therefore I trust he will give way for a short
executive session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan moves to proceed to tthe
consideration of the bill indicated by him. The
motion can only be entertained by unanimous
consent during the reception of the morning
business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to make
some reports first. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If it is oh-
jeeted to the motion cannot^ be entertained
until the morning business is disposed of.
Reports of committees are in order.
reports ot' committees.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom were referred the fol-
lowing resolutions and petition, asked to^ be
discharged from their further consideration,
and that they be indefinitely postponed: which
was agreed to :
Resolutions by Mr. SrrMNER, declaring cer-
tain further guarantees required in the recon-
struction of the rebel States ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 183) to extend
the provisions of the act of July 4, 18C4._limit-
ing the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims to
the loyal citizens of the States of Louisiana
and Arkansas; and ,
A petition of S. C. Mayberry, praying for
the passage of a law providing for the election
of President and Vice President of the United
States by ballot. ,
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 657) to abolish the franking
privilege, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom,
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No.
IRfi't declaratory and amendatory of the act
