1869.
mm GONfflrRESSIOM-AL ' (xLOBI.
mm
case of Missouri, and intended to guard against
difficulty in the case of Michigan. I will read
bat one of them, as that one alone is material
to the elucidation of the point I wish to enforce.
That resolution was in these words:
" lieaolved, That in relation to the votes of Michigan,
if the counting or omitting to count them, shall not
essentially change the result of the election, they
shall be reported by the President of the Senate in
the following manner: "Were the votes of Michigan
to be counted, the result would .be for A B for Pres-
ident of the United gtates,—rxotes. If not counted,
for A' B for President of the United States, votes.
Bat in either event, A B is elected President of the
United States.' And iu the same manner for Vice
President." ,,
. And in this connection it is perhaps proper
that I should read from the very pregnant
remarks made by Mr. Grundy on that occa-
sion, as a reason why such precaution should
be taken.on the part of the two Houses of Con-
gress before they met in joint session, that it
may not be in the power of a few insubordinate
men. perhaps, to bring about a collision in the
Government. I read now from the record of
the debates on that occasion.
" Mr. Grundy observed that the committee were
unanimous for reporting the second resolution ob-
jected to by the gentleman from Michigan. The same
course had been pursued with regard to the State of
Missouri, and under the like circumstances. And
■when Senators recollected that this was the very place
where tho rock lies which may destroy the Govern-
ment they would perceive that the eommittee had
good reasons for recommending the resolution ob-
jected to..Suppose(said Mr.Grundy) the two Houses
should differ and separate, and suppose the House
should refuse to send for the Senate again"—
God forbid that there was any such purpose
here yesterday—
" where will be your President and "Vice President?
Though he bad been one of the most anxious for the
ndmission>of Michigan, yet he thought it better un-
der the circumstances that her vote should not be
counted, except in the way provided for by the sec-
ond resolution."
I will not say one word further as to the
power of the Congress of the United States to
pass such a concurrent resolution, in the casus
omissus iu the Constitution, where no rules
are laid down by which those having charge
of the counting were to be guided.
Unwilling to trespass longer on the time of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I will refer
only to the names of the Senators voting for
that resolution. I have not before me the yeas
and nays taken in the House of Representatives
on the same question; but gentlemen who may
refer to them will find among those voting'in the
affirmative the names of gentlemen highly en-
titled to the confidence of this body. Those
voting in favor of the resolution in the Senate
were—■
Messrs. Bayard, Benton,Black,Brown, Buchanan,
Clay, Clayton, Crittenden, Cuthbert, Dana, Davis,
Ewing of Illinois. Bwing of Ohio, GrimdyvHend-
ricks, Hubbard, Kent, King of Alabama, King of
Georgia. Knight, Linn, Moore, Nicholas, Pa?e, Pren-
tiss. Rives, Bobbins, Robinson, Sevier, Southard,
Swift, Tipton, Tomlmson, and Wright—34.
There were but nine Senators voting in the
negative, headed by Mr. Calhoun, the mischief-
maker of that day:
Messrs. Calhoun, Fulton, Lvon, Morris, Nilcs,
Norvell, Preston, Walker, and Wall—9.
Having referred to this precedent to overbal-
ance the authority of the distinguished jurists
whose opinions have been quoted against the
concurrent resolution adopted by the Senate
and House as a rule for the guidance of the
Presiding Officer in the joint convention of
yesterday,.I yield the floor to the gentleman
who has kindly offered to me this opportunity.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabar-
ger] takes, I may be permitted to say, posi-
tions which are somewhat incompatible. If
the President of the Senate, and he alone, is
authorized to count these votes without any
agency or participation, on the part of the
House, then it results 'that the President of
the Senate alone should prescribe the rules
under which the power conferred upon him by
the Constitution should be exercised. That
cannot be so. It cannot be that the Rep-
resentatives of the people in this Hall and
the representatives of the States in. the Sen-
ate should sit by here and .permit the Presi-
dent of the Senate to make a fake count if he
chose to do so ; thus, perhaps,, throwing the
country into confusion, and giving himself the
right to. hold the presidential office for four1
years, though he had not been selected by the
people for .the position. ■ At the time when
this question was under consideration before,'
it was agreed on all hands, so far as my knowl-
edge extends,.that Congress had the power,
by law or by joint resolution, not only-to pre-'
scribe the manner in which the vote should be
counted, but to inquire into the validity, the
sufficiency, the actuality of the votes that might
be presented to, the Vice President to.be
counted.' If the seal of a State were to be con-
clusive as to the votes cast for the candidates
for the Presidency, that seal might be fraud-
ulently applied to a document, and the House,
must sit here quiet spectators to the counting
of the votes thus fraudulently returned, though
with a perfect knowledge that a proper invest-
igation would show the fraud, and give the
election to another candidate.
Thanking the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Woodwakd] for his courtesy, I will not
trespass farther on his time.
Mr. "WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, I very
much regret that my learned friend from Mary-,
land, [Mr. Thomas,] my learned friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger,] and my learned
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] were
not here the other day to deliver the'arguments
against the passage of that concurrent resolu-
tion which they have made to-day. When I
listened to the gentleman from Massachusetts
last evening, when I listened to the gentleman
from Ohio and the gentleman from Maryland
to-day, I felt that this House had reason to
deplore the absence of these learned men in
that emergency.
As I know something of thehistory of that con-
current resolution, so far as regards the action
of this House, permit me to state it. The res-
olution having passed the Senate, the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] had charge
of it in this House. And I will say that he
treated the subject very differently, and much
more satisfactorily, from a certain other sub-
ject to which his mind will instantly recar, and
which I will not further characterize unless he
desires me to do so. [Laughter.] Instead of
springing this concurrent resolution upon a
sleeping House, he took the trouble to come over
to this side and advertise us as to what he was
about io do. He came to me in person and
called my attention to the resolution as it had
passed the Senate. I went to the Clerk's desk
and informed myself of its character. I then
told him that we on this side of the House
would probably oppose the resolution ; and we
did oppose it as well as we were permitted to
do. We were not allowed to enter into any
argument against it. We were screwed down
by the previous question to that little speech
"nay;" that was all that we were permitted
to record against the resolution. But I acknowl-
edge that in the fairest manner the gentleman
from Iowa brought the matter to our attention.
Now, sir, if these " learned Thebans'1 had been
here on last Monday night to make their argu-
ments against the resolution as we have heard
those arguments to-day, the House would not
have been involved in the difficulty in which it
is involved; that scene, so discreditable to the
nation, which occurred here yesterday would
not have occurred, and the grave constitu-
tional questions which are now supposed to be
involved in this discussion would have been
all avoided. But, sir, these gentlemen were
not here to make the argument, and we on this
side of the House could have stated it as forci-
bly as they have done, even if we had been
permitted to say anything. Thus the resolu-
tion was thrust upon us and carried by a party
majority, and became the law of the conven-
tion which was charged by the Constitution
with the duty of counting the electoral votes.
Sir, that convention consists of two members,
the Senate and the House. They are the con-
stituent elements of the convention, and this
concurrent resolution, became a law to that
bodv.
. Mr. SHELLABARGER. I ask to make a
coEreefion. The gentleman has said I was not
here. I was here and voted for the concurrent
resolution, and in my remarks I sought to show
that it was constitutional and proper.
Mr. WOOD WARD.. I accept the correction..
Mr. THOMAS. If I may be permitted, I
will say that I invited the attention of members
of the Judiciary Committee .to the resolution
adopted in 1837 in the.case of Michigan, and-
voted for the resolution,-which-was adopted,
to guard against difficulty respecting the elec-
toral vote of Georgia, and I have this moment
said in the presence .of the House that, .in my
Opinion, the joint resolution which has given
rise to this debate is clearly constitutional.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, I do not
complain that the gentlemen, did not vote for
the resolution. I complain that they did not
bring to the view of the House; the, constitu-
tional arguments they have now made upon
the resolution .of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, which arguments, had they been made
at that time, I think, would have prevented the
concurrence of this House in the concurrent
resolution. , But if I am mistaken in that, if
they would not have had that effect, they at
least would have extricated the House from
the difficulty into which it fell by voting not to
count Georgia yesterday after it had voted to
concur in the resolution of the Senate.
Mr. THOMAS, It is a very unpleasant
thing. This argumewtum ad kominem is one I
never engage in myself. Allow me simply to
say, in that connection, that I was just as ready
to have voted yea as-nay on that <juestion,,for
I did not- want an unmeaning, unprofitable en-
tanglement. Apprehending the Senate might
take the ground the House took, I was per-
fectly willing there should be coincidence of
opinion between the two bodies. The House
will bear me witness that as soon as I had rea-
son to suspect the contrary I asked consent to
make a motion which would have relieved us
from the embarrassment in which we .were
placed.
Mr. WOODWARD. I was wholly opposed
to the concurrent resolution. The analogy
which the gentleman has this morning stated
has no resemblance to the case before us. Nor
does the instance to which the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sbellabarger] has alluded touch
this case, for it is a case of an organized, rec-
ognized State in this Union.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And represented on this
floor.
Mr. WOODWARD. And represented on
this floor. It is not a case of an unborn Ter-
ritory, where the questionis as to future admis-
sion as a State, or whether the people of that
Territory are fully qualified to vote at a presi-
dential election. It is a case of a State in tho
Union from the time of the Declaration of
Independence down to the present moment,
and represented on this floor by members sent
here whom we have admitted. Now, I would
thank gentlemen to show in the history.of this
country an analogy for that case. There are
analogies which do not suit this case, yet suGh
is the case we have got to deal with.
Mr. UPSON. If the gentleman will permit
me, at the time spoken of by the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Thomas] Senators had
been admitted from the State of Michigan,
while members had not been admitted in the
House. At this time members have been ad-
mitted in the House from Georgia, but Sen-
ators have been refused admission in the
Senate.
Mr. WOODWARD. Still the cases are not
analogous; because this is an organized, ori-
ginal State, in the Union before the gentleman
was born, and never was out of it, in my judg-
ment.
Now, Mr. Speaker, when this House passed
that concurrent resolution they made it a law
to the body that is charged by the Constitution
with,the duty of counting the electoral votes.
For what is a concurrent resolution? I under-
stand from the Digest that we have three kiads
of resolutions. First, the simple .resolution,
