144
TjE. gONG-KESSlOMAI,. Gjl^OBIg.
December 18,
entitled " An. act to provide for an American
l&e'C? Mail and emigrant passenger' steamships
between New York arid one or more European'
ports," passed July27, 1868, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. FERRY, from the Committee on Pat:
ents, to whom was referred the bill (8. No.
704) to extend the letters-patent originally
granted to John Young, reported it without
amendment.
" BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous,
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 706) in relation to a site for an Executive
Mansion ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. MORTON. I wish to state that I pre-
sent this bill by request, and do not know my-
self anything in regard to the merits of the
proposition. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and
that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
707) granting lands to the State of Wisconsin
to aid in the construction of a breakwater and
harbor and ship-canal at the head of Sturgeon
bay, in the county of Door, in said State, to
connect the waters of Green bay and Lake
Michigan, in said State ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS naked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 708) to repeal so much of the act passed
Juno 2-5, 18G8, as provides for the admission
of the State of Georgia to representation in
Congress, and to provide for a provisional gov-
ernmenttherein, and for other purposes; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 709) to provide for the better administra-
tion of justice in the Territories of the United
States; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to tho Committee on Territories, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 710) to provide for the payment of claims
to loyal citizensof theStates lately in rebellion ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent ot the Senate to call up the bill (H. R.
No. 907) to provide for the sale of certain
lands and lots on the sea islands of Beaufort
district, South Carolina, and for other pur-
poses, which was reported from the Committee
on Public Laqds, with an amendment, on the
iOth of July last, for J,he purpose of moving a
recommitment of it to the committee.
Hie motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. Now I move that the bill
be recommitted to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is necessary to have a
short executive session before the message
which is expected is received from the House
of Representatives. That motion is always in
order. I therefore move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. It will take but a few moments.
Mr. HARLAN. Before that motion is put
I desire to inquire whether that will cut off the
morning business?
Mr. bliliiiMAN. Not at all. It is always
in order during the morning,hour.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from :Ohio.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened.
DUTIES Opr IMPORTED COPPER.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1" now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill (H. R. No. 1460) regulating the duties on
imported copper and copper ores.
Mr. FERRY, I hope the Senator will not
insist upon that bill being taken up at the
presenttime. One of the Senators from Mary-
land, not now in his seat, [Mr, ,Why;ce,] l am
informed is interested in the bill on behalf of
a very heavy interest in his immediate constitu-
ency, which is seriously affected by the oper-
ations of the bill. I desire myself, whenever
the bill shall be under consideration in the
Senate, to present some statistics and facts,
which I have been unable as yet to collect
fully, in opposition to the bill. The bill, I
would state for the information of such Sena-
tors as are not aware of its history, was re-
ported to the House of Representatives on the
first day of this session, and immediately, with-
out any explanation, under the operation of
the previous question passed the House. It
did not at that time attract my attention, until
it came into the Senate. It was referred to
the Finance Committee, andhasbeenbythem,
within two or three days last past, reported to
the Senate. It is a bill affecting very large and
varied interests, not only manufacturing, but
commercial, and affecting them, in the belief
of those engaged in them, most disastrously.
I do not wish to say anything now in regard to
the details of the bill; but having these con-
siderations to suggest, and statistics which I
am now engaged in collecting to present to
the Senate, I hope it will not be pressed upon
our consideration at the present time.
Mr. CHANDLER. This bill was reported
and was before the House of Representatives
and thoroughly discussed at the last session of
Congress. They were calling the yeas and
nays upon it when the House adjourned. When
the hammer fell they had proceeded half way
through the roll-call. It is the same bill, ver-
batim, that was thoroughly discussed here two
winters ago and passed by this body. It has
received, perhaps, more consideration than any
other bill before either House of Congress.
It passed the House of Representatives by a
vote of more than two to one. It is a matter
of vital importance to a very large class of
people, not only in the State of Michigan, but.
in other States. The copper interests of the
Lake Superior region are almost ruined. They
have been running at a loss for the last two
years hoping that this identical bill would pass.
As I said before, the Senate did act upon it
two years ago after thorough discussion and
passed it precisely, verbatim, as it is in this
bill. It was thoroughly discussed in the other
House during the last session, and after a full
discussion it passed that House by a vote of
two to One. I hope tlie Senate will proceed to
its consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall not say anything
against the bill which the Senator has in charge,
but I must ask that its consideration shall not
be proceeded with tO;day. I have some amend-
ments to propose to it. I had them here yes-
terday, ready, if the bill were proceeded with
then, to present them. I carried them home
with me last night,, not expecting that this bill
could be proceeded with to-day. I understood
that this clay was set apart to another object.
1 am not, therefore, prepared to proceed with
the consideration of this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is perhaps due
to the Senate that I should st&te the circum-
stances connected with this bill. I feel bound
to do it, as I reported the bill. The bill came
to the Committee on Finance, and we are in
favor of it. I believe it fixes the same rates
that were imposed by the tariff bill two years
ago. The chief objection of the committee,
however, to the bill was, not as to the rates—
they are. the, same that have been passed two
or three times- by the Senate—but as to detach-
ing this interest from other interests and pass-
ing it as a separate bill; and the committee
at one time coricluded that it .was not advis-
able at present to report the bill, but after-
ward changed their decision. I make this
remark simply for the reason that after the
first action of the committee I informed the
parties who took an interest in the bill that the
hill would probably not be reported until after
tbeholidays. The committee, however, thought
afterward that it was better to report the bill;
but now I am not disposed to vote to crowd it
upon the Senate until after the holidays, so as
to give parties who have interests against it an
opportunity to examine it and oppose it if they
choose. I am in favor of the bill, and shall
vote for its passage. I think the rates pro-
posed are not too high. They are about twenty
per cent, on the gold value of the copper—the
same rates that were agreed upon in the revis-
ion of the tariff two years ago. I think my
self the Senator from Michigan had better not
press the bill now, because 1 know there are
various motions in the form of amendments
that will be offered that will lead to more or
less debate here, and but a few moments will
elapse before we shall be called to another duty.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am exceedingly anx-
ious to pass this bill before we adjourn fqr the
holidaysbut as the Senator from Massachu-
setts says he has amendments prepared which
he desires to offer of course I shall not press
it now.
Mr. SUMNER. My amendments will not
interfere with the bill at all.
Mr. CHANDLER. I therefore give notice
that I shall call it up to-morrow morning and
try to have a vote, upon it. It is really a mat-
ter of too much importance to the State which
I have the honor in part to represent and to
other States to let it go by. I will state that
the mining arrangements are usually made
before or on the 1st of January, and it is very
important for those interests that they should
know what is to be their fate on or before that
day, and I shall ask the Senate to-morrow to
proceed with the bill to a final vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator withdraw his motion to take it up?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir, Iwithdrawit;
but I give notioe that I shall renew it to-mor-
row morning.
It SCENT INDIAN BATTLE.
Mr. HARLAN submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be re-
quested to> send to the Sonate any information in
tho possession of the Department in rotation to the
hostile or peaceful character of the Indians reoently
killed or captured by the United States troops under
the command of Colonel George A. Custar; and to
inform the Senato whether said Indians were at the
time of said conflict residing on the reservation as-
signed them under treaty stipulations; and if so,
whether they had taken up said residence in pursu-
ance of instructions emanating from the Department
of the Interior.
PAYMENT OF PUISLIC DEBT IN COIN.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to call up joint resolu-
tion No. 66, merely for the purpose of submit-
ting an amendment to it. For that purpose I
move that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of the joint resolution (S. R. No. 66)
pledging the faith of the United States to the
payment of the public debt in coia or its equiv-
alent.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I now offer my amendment,
and 1 ask to have it read and printed.
Ihe amendment was read. , It proposes to
strike out the preamble, and all of the resolu-
tion after the word "that," in tlie third line,
and to insert:
The equitable and true liability of the United States
upon their bonds #^s the value in gold and silver coin
JTu was receiyed upon the sale of those bonds:
and the amount of that value, with a fair rate of in-
terest upon it, ought to be paid to the bondholders
in com; that the expenses and disbursements of
the Government should be reduced to this scnle: for
Sn mlAnnrSe^Iloeii?'i0,??0'000! Pensions and Indiana,
§30,000,000; the War Department, $25,000,000; Navy
Department,$20,000,000; miscellanies andoontineen-
Snnnn$9°; upon tbe publio d6bt-
pj.OUO.OOO; that the ijftating aggregate amount of
taxes upon the people should be reduced #100,000,000
annually, ami that.a reasonably early day should bo
fixed tor the tesuihptjon of specie payments.
The amendment was ordered to be printed.
