TB  C OFGR1SSI0¥Mj GLOBE.
February I
which expresses the-'opinio^ of the "House
adopting it; we-have the joint resolution,
which 'is .in the nature'of a law and which'
requires the concurrence of' the executive
department; and we have the concurrent res-
olution, which is the recorded opinion of. the
two Houses concurring, running together ;'.a>nd
this resolution is of.that nature.' it cam.e here'
from the Senate, and it was adopted by a.
party majority, or nearly a party majority on
the floor.of'tM House. ,lt became thus-the
law of- that-'body subsequently constituted by-
the Senate-and-House—the convention. . And'
when the gentleman who presided yesterday
eame here and declared that he would hold
the Senate and the House to that resolution he
apprehended his duty precisely, in mv judg-
ment; he did precisely that which he was
here to do; he was to hold these bodies to the
rule they had prescribed for their own govern-
ment, whether it were good, bad, or indiffer-
ent. It was the law of that body. They could
not depart from it. No gentleman in the Sen-
ate or in the House, so far as we know, has
ever proposed to- repeal-it or to modify it. I
submit, then, that the President of the con-
vention was bound to administer! it.. He did
no more that it was his duty to do; and when
the geatle aa< frctn Massachusetts proposes
to eertsurehirn I am opposed tq his resolution..
I would rather vote for a resolution to applaud
the oonduct of the President of t.he conven-
tion for holding the two Houses to the resolu-
tion, although I believe the resolution is one
which never ought to have been passed. But
then what did this House do 1 This House,
having concurred with the Senate in solemnly
agreeing that the vote of Georgia should be
counted sub modo, turned round and declared
it should not be counted at all I
My friend from. Maryland [Mr. Thomas]
appreciated the difficulty in which the House
had plaoed .itself, and proposed to reconsider
the vote, but promptly there eame a motion to
lay his motion upon the table, and it was laid
on the table by a large majority, and thus the
House, adhered to its resolution not to count
the vote of Georgia; at all. Now, tho gentle-
man proposes to censure the Senate and the
President of the convention for not recogniz'
ing that resolution of this House. Why, Mr.
Speaker, if the adoption of the concurrent res-
olution was wrong under the circumstances of
the case the vote yesterday was utterly inde-
fensible. When this House had solemnly
declared that the vote of Georgia should be
counted suft «iodo what right had this House
to declare that the vote of Georgia should not
be counted at all; and when they had so de-
clared, what right Iwd they to expect the Pre-
siding Officerto regard suchavote? He treated
it with the contempt it deserved. He would
not be governed by it. He was governed by
the concurrent resolution. For that, I say, he
ought not to be-censured, but ought rather to
be praised.
Mr, BALDWIN. Will the gentleman allow
me a question?
Mr. WOODWAIiD. No, sir; I have prom-
ised to yield to several other gentlemen, anil I
cannot yield to the gtutleman.
I did not intend to enter into the general dis-
cussion of this subject. I say that the argu-
ments which have been made here with regard
to tha constitutional powers and duties of the
two Houses in the matter of counting the elect-
oral votes are quite outside of this question and
beyond it. This question bottoms itself upon
that concurrent resolution. So long as that
concurrent resolution remained unrepealed it
was a law. to-the. convention. The President
of the convention did no more and no loss than
his duty in administering it, and the Senate
decided very properly, I think, that the objec-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] was not in order. It was clearly dis-
orderly, for both Houses had-ordered that Geor-
gia should be counted in a.oertain manner. In
making that decision they had concluded all
antecedent questions. • r
Butnow, Mr. Speaker, I begto inquire why the
vote of Georgia should nothave-been counted';
why it should have been* counted with a quali"
fixation ? That qualification was' admirably
stated by the President of the convention when •
he said that the effect of the concurrent reso-
lution was to count - the vote of Georgia if it
meantmothing, and not to count the vpte if it
meant anything. When he said that- he stated
the legal'effect and conseqaenee of that reso^
lntioti precisely. Now; I ask, why should a
sovereign .'State of this Union be treated in that
manner ? Listen to it! The nation will listen
to the'words of Mr. Wade, uttered from that-
seat yesterday, thatthetwo Houses had decided
that if the vote of .Georgia would effect nothing
it should be counted, and if it would effect any-
thing it should not be counted. If you treat
Georgia in that manner this year what State
may you not treat in the same manner next year
or on some future occasion ? What is that but
a dissolution of the Union ? Will you say that
Georgia is not in the Union? Here are her
members sitting on this floor. What right have
they to be here if Georgia is not in the Union?
Georgia has been in the Union from the begin-
ning ; she has never been out of the Union un-
less you allege what I deny, that her attempted
secession took her out of the Union. But you
say that her act of secession was null and void,
and she herself has so declared and repealed
the act, and you have reconstructed her. She
is not only the original Georgia, but a Georgia
reconstructed by this Republican Congress.
Then, I ask, why should not her electoral vote
be counted like the vote of any other State?
Gentlemen will not find in the Constitution
or laws of the United States or in the com-
mentaries of Chancellor Kent or in the writ-
ings of .Justice Story or in any other authority
of that kind, the true reason for the course
that has been pursued in regard to Georgia. I
will give them the reason. The Senate had
refused to admit the Senators from Georgia.
It was the Senate that originated this concur-
rent resolution, and in an evil hour we con-
curred in it. And the President of the Senate
came here and held us to our action, and he
did well. But it was the Senate that invented
this mode of excluding Georgia. Not because
Georgia did not vote on the right day. That
was not the reason ; but the reason is contained
in the preamble to the concurrent resolution,
which sets forth that it is doubtful whether
Georgia is within the Union, and that that
question is nowpending before Congress. That
is the reason assigned by the Senate for exclud-
ing Georgia. The Senate is deliberating about
admitting Senators from Georgia, and therefore
does not want the vote of that State counted.
I say, therefore, that this whole difficulty
arises out of your reconstruction laws. If you
would treat Georgia as Georgia ought to be
treated, as a State in this Union, and admit
her Senators into the Senate of the United
States, as her memberB'have been admitted on
this floor, there is no more reason why the vote
of Georgia should be counted with a slur, or
not counted at all. than there is why the vote of
Pennsylvania should be treated in like manner.
That is the origin of this difficulty, and it is
not to be removed by the adoption of the reso-
lution submitted by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Bdtler.] We are not to repair
the wrong into which we have fallen by com-
mitting another wrong in censuring the Presi-
dent of the joint convention for holding the
convention to the law which they had made for
themselves. I am, therefore, opposed to the
resolution of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
If his proposition had been to repeal the con-
current resolution which was the cause of all
this difficulty, no man on this floor would have
voted: for it more cordially and heartily than I
would have done.
As I have already said, I do not intend to
enter at large into this discussion. I have
agreed to divide my time with friends around
me. First I will yield five minutes to the gen-
tleman from New York, [-Mr. Wood,] after
which I will yield the -floor to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
Mr.' WOfQI). Being, unable to discuss this
question properly in the time allowed me by the
kindness of my friend,from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Woodward,] I will, with his.permission, yield
to the gentleman from; Wisconsin, [Mr. Eld-
ridge.] .
Mr. WOODWARD: -Certainly; I have no
objection.
.'Mr. ELDRIIJ&E. ."3$r. Sj sk.«r, not
expected to have an opportunity of saying a
word upon this question until ; a-nio'tnenk ago,
when the gentleman from New York",[Mr.
Wood] informed me that he was allowed: two
or three minutes, bt)t felt too unwell to address
the House at this time, and that I" might have
histime. I thankhimforhiseourtesy,and avail
myself of it to state, as wel'las I can, my position-
upon the question before thfe House. 1 concur
with gentlemen-who have spoken up'tin it as to
the great importance of the1 subject, the magni-
tude of the questiofi involved. I thought I saw
on yesterd&y, in advance of the difficulty and
entanglement into which the -House- pfefeipi"-'
tated itself, that that result must- follow. And
I will declare, for I cannot argue in the shott
time allowed me, the view I take of this mat-
ter. I believe that the concurrent resplution
and the twenty-second joint rule of the two
Houses are both of them in contravention of
the Constitution, the first utterly, and the lat-
ter in part, at least, void—a nullity for that
reason. I raised that question yesterday as a
point of order before the convention.; but no
attention, no consideration- was given to it by
the Presiding Officer. He virtually decided
that the resolution was higher authority than
the Constitution. I belieye if my point had
been sustained, if it had.-been properly con-
sidered and decided, we would have avoided
all the difficulties in which thi3 House as well
as the joint convention-became involved. We
should have avoided the disgraceful exhibition
which the convention,made of itself before the
country and the world. We should, have per-
formed our duty to the country as required by
the Constitution. We should have counted
the votes of the States as the certificates were
opened by the Presiding Officer, and though
the result would have been the same, so far as
the persons elected are concerned, we should
not have felt the sting of mortification and
shame which \ye now all feej at, the manner in
which that work was done. The Constitution
provides, expressly thai; the Senate—which,
according to my judgment, means the organ-
ized Senate, with its officers and machinery—
and the House of Representatives, which is
the organized House of Representatives with
its officers and its machinery—shall be present
when the Vice President shall open the cer-
tificates ; and that " the votes shall then be
counted." It must be, therefore, if there is in
contemplation of the Constitution a proper
certificate from a State, and that certificate
has been opened by the Vice President, the
duty of the body composed of the Senate and
House of Representatives as described and
assembled to count those votes.' It has no
right or power to count them merely as a mat-
ter of count; hut it must count them for tho
purpose of the result, for the purpose of ascer-
taining the result—-the count itself determining
the result. This is the obvious and, it seems
to me, the only true meaning of the Constitu-
tion. To count them conditionally or hypo-
thetically is no count at all.
The Constitution determines the effect of the
vote; the joint convention has nothing to da'
with that, nor has the House of Representa-
tives or the Senate, or both combined. The
vote of the State is to be counted, to be counted
far a purpose, and that purpose is to ascertain
who the people of the United States have by
their will determined shall be the President
and Vice President for the four years next after
the 4th of March. To eount the vote of Geor-
gia according to the concurrent resolution is
a moekery; it is an insult. It matters not that
it will not change the result, as a matter of
fact. If it can constitutionally, be so eownted
in the case when it will not change the result.
