1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
145
Mr. DAVIS. I now move that the joint reso-
lution lie on the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 712) to provide for the appointment, of
recorder of deeds and warden of the jail in the
District of Columbia, and for other purposes ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
metropolitan railroad company.
Mr. HARLAN asked; and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 711) relating to the Metropolitan Railroad
Company.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for the present con-
sideration of the bill.
By unanimous consent, the bill was read three
times and passed. It proposes to allow the
Metropolitan Railroad Company, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, five years from and after the
passage of the act for the completion of its
lines of street railways authorized by the acts
of July 1, 1804. and March 3, 1865.
POLITICAL DISABILITIES IN ALABAMA.
Mr. SPENCER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Whereas the bill removing the political disabili-
ties of certain citizens of Alabama therein named
was passed by the Congress of the United States be-
ioie the amendment to the fourteenth article of the
Constitution w.is ratified by the Legislatures of three
tourths of tlie States, including both rebel and loyal:
Thereiore,
TJe tt resolved. That the Judiciary Committee be
requested to inquire and report to the Senate, at its
earliest convenience, whether said bill removed the
political disabilities of s:\id persons which were im-
pose 1 upon them bv the said amendment to tile four-
teenth :irtie!eof tlie Constitution, or those political
disabilities which were imposed upon thetn by the
rccon.-truction acts.
STATIONERY PAGE.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was referred to the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
tlie Senate:
Ileiohed, That the pnge in tlie stationery-ioom of
the Senate receive the same compensation per diem
as the pastes on the floor of the Senate, to date from
January 1,1S68.
SYMPATHY TO SPAIN.
Mr. SUMNEIl. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
relating to Spain, which was under considera-
tion yesterda}1.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (S. R. No.
178) tendering sympathy and best wishes to
the people of Spain, the pending question be-
ing on the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBL'LL. I as!: that the resolu-
tion be read as it now stands amended.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as
amended, as follows:
That the people of the, United States^ sympalhu-
inff with the people ol Spain in their effort to estab-
lish a more liberal form of government, express the
confident hope that, it will be conducted to the end
in pu.-h^ay as to promote the triumph oi liberal
institutions ; and they earnestly appeal to the people
of Spain not to allow the present opportunity to pass
without securing the immediate emancipation ot
slaws and the final abolition of slavery tbroug'uout
the Spanish dominions.
Set. 2. An<f be it further remlved, That the Presi-
dent 1)1 the United States is charged with the duty
of s-omuiiuiieaun^ this resolution to the Government
oi Spain.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall vote against the reso-
lution in the form in which it has been read.
1 have contemplated with a great deal ot inter-
est the movement lately inaugurated in Spain
in bclia'i'of liberal institutions against a mon-
archical form of government. I think the
movement has been characterized by singular
moderation, judgment, and patriotism; but I
have no idea that we should recommend to the
people of Spain, or any other people whatever,
what should be their particular institutions
arid what should be their internal policy upon
any subject. The people of every country, if
they have virtue and intelligence enough to
form liberal and popular institutions, are the
best judges of the particular form of govern-
ment they should adopt, and of the internal
policy which should accompany that govern-
ment. It is a piece of officious interference
on the part of the Congress of the United
States to offer to volunteer its advice in rela-
tion to those matters. It is time enough for
us to offer our wise counsels to Spain in rela-
tion to some particular subjects embraced in
the resolution when we are asked for that
advice. But, sir, there is no greater breach
of friendship than for one man or one nation
to be volunteering officiously and impertinently
with advice in relation to the concerns of other
men and other nations.
I hope it is the purpose of the people of Spain
to establish a republican form of government
and popular government. I should be gratified
myself if the people of Spain would take it
into their heads to emancipate their slaves.
But in relation to these particular matters it
seems to me that the people of Spain are the
best and the exclusive judges of what befits best
their own interests and condition, and that it
is officiottsness upon the part of the Congress
of the United States of America to offer its
counsels to them. I shall therefore vote against
the resolution in its present form.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading ; and was read the
third time.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, there
is a piece of good advice given somewhere—I
have seen it in the course of my reading—to
this effect: " Physician, heal thyself." If such
a communication should be sent back to the
American Government by Spain in response to
this resolution, 1 think it would be as apt and
as just a one as could under any circumstances
be sent. We have a vast territory now, twice
as large as Spain, where our love of liberty
j and just and wise institutions is being daily
illustrated, and I hope it is not meant to com-
mend the example which we have set in that
section of country for the imitation of the
Spanish Government. But as I see, there is a
I communication from the House of Represent-
atives awaiting delivery, I will not say any-
thing further now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of tlie joint resolution,
and upon that question the yeas and nayshavo
been ordered.
The question, being taken by yeas and nays,
| resulted—yeas 41. nays 5 : as follows :
i1 YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. Cameron, Cattell, Chand-
i; ler. Cole, Cot belt, Dixon, Drake, Ferry, Fessenden,
I; Frelmghuyscn.Griaiwt, Harlan, Henderson, Howard,
II Howe. Morgan, Morrill ot Maine, Morrill ol \ er-
' iriont, Nye, Osborn. Patterson ol >Tew Hampshire,
i! Patterson of Tennessee. Pool. Ramsej\ Rice. Robert-
'i son, Ross, Sawyer. Sherman, Spencer, Sprn^uc.
!' art. Suinnei,Thayer, Trumbull, \ anWinivle, wade,
ij Warner, Williams, and Wilson—41.
!| NAY rf—Messrs. Davis. MeCretry, Saulsbury, Viek-
l! crs, and Wiiyrc—5. _ , _ , .
11 ABSENT—Messis. Anthony. Bayard, Buckalew,
'■ Conkhns, Connw Orarin, Doolittie, Ldraunds.
' Fowler, Harris Hendricks. Kellosra:, MeDona n, Mor-
i ton. Norton. Pomeroy, Tipton, Welch, Wuley, and
: Yates—20.
.1 So the joint resolution waspassed. The title
i: was amended by striking out the words " and
j' best wishes." so as to read, "A joint resolution
tendering sympathy to the people of Spain.
H DEA'iu or nox TliADDKUS STEVEN'S.
■ Mr. McPheksox. Clerk of the House of Rep-
, resentatives, appeared below the bar and an-
l' nouneed that lie was directed to communicate
!' to the Senate the resolutions adopteu by the
!■ House of Representatives on the announce-
1; mentof the death of Hon. Thadbecs Sterns,
late a member of the House from the State of
Pennsylvania.
The resolutions of the House of Represent-
atives were read.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, it is my
sad duty to announce to the Senate the death
of that eminent statesman, Thaddeds Stevens,
a member of the House of ^Representatives
from Pennsylvania. This great man died at
midnight on the 11th of August last; at his
residence in this city, during the recess p?
Congress. ' _
Thaddecs Stevens was born on the:4th of
April, 1792, at Danville, in Vermont, where he
received his primary education. He afterward
went to Burlington and Dartmouth, where he
completed that portion of his education which
the schools can confer. After leaving college
he followed the American instinct to move
westward; and so came to Pennsylvania, re-
siding first at York, afterward. removing to
Gettysburg, and finally settling at Lancaster.
His adopted State received him in a different
spirit from that with which many States now
receive men of talent, energy, and ability; and
the veneration in which his public character is
held in Pennsylvania is a fitting rebuke to the
stupid bigotry which repels such material.
Shortly after his arrival in York, Mr. Ste-
vens, at the age of twenty-two, began the study
of the law, teaching a school in the mean time to
maintain himself while prosecuting his studies.
Born and reared in the free mountains of Ver-
mont, where slavery was a tradition merely,
and coming to the Maryland border, where its
effects could be seen in the fence-corners, it
was natural for a man of Thaddeus Steven's's
sturdy and comhative nature to detest that
institution. It, was impossible that he could
uphold or quietly tolerate so unjust a system.
He became an anti slavery man, of course; and
it is questionable if so uncompromising a foe to
slavery or an abler one ever lived in America.
He was a powerful defender and a terrible op-
ponent; and it may be justly said of him that
lie was more successful in sustaining than in
originating measures, more powerful to over-
throw than to build up institutions.
After his admission to the bar he rose steadily
until be reached a leading place in his profes-
sion ; and he maintained this conspicuous
position until he ceased the active practice of
the law. His intellectual grandeur always com-
manded admiration. He was always thorough.
His conduct of a case in the petty sessions was
not unlike his management of a great debate
on questions affecting the deepest interests of
mankind. Without wasting his own force or
wearing out the patience of his auditory, he
went directly to the core of the subject in hand.
Never dissipating his thought over a great
variety of points, he fastened upon those most
important and essential, and pressed these
home with resistless vigor, logic, eloquence,
and wit; and from the time of his entry into
public life no man assailed him withoutdanger
or conquered him without scars. He retained
his mental vigor to the last, and with his eye
undimmed by age he has passed from the
scenes of a busy and a useful life full oi years
and of honors.
In ISoo Mr. Steven's was elected to the
Legislature of Pennsylvania, and at once took
a prominent part in the deliberations of that
, bodv. Ilis most signal service was the defense
S| of our common-school system from the attacks
Ii of its enemies. A system of public education
j had been provided lor in Penn's frame of gov-
ernment tor the province, by the provisional
government, framed after the Declaration^ ot
Independence, and by the constitution of 1700.
By virtue of this authority the provincial coun-
,! cil organized a school in Philadelphia on Octo-
ii ber 2C>, ldS->, the date of Penn's charter being
j[ April 2-3, 1632. Other schools were instituted
;! as they became necessary. In 1762 an efior
II was made to provide for a comprehensive sys-
;! tern of public instruction; but the colonial waM
11 first and the Revolution afterward frustrated
i! this wise design. But public opinion was never
■i 0 i ii C'U-Nvi. Oi.1
-No 10.
