TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February; 11',
whether this first resolution is to bo concurred
in even by a reference to a committee. Why,
sir, by referring it yon in - some ■ sort make
yourselves consent seemingly to challenge the
obligations of your own laws. How would it
look for us to refer another resolution sug-
gested by the speech of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, and that is, that your Judiciary-
Committee, or whatever Other committee it
may be that you refer it to, in the elegant
words of the gentleman, shall authorize this
House, if the Senate will not retire-at its re-
quest from the joint convention, to "kick them
out," and that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts shall be the captain in the kicking opera-
tion ? [Laughter.]
Mr.- Speaker, the gentleman's speech in that
behalf—which I' think he cannot gainsay—
which brought down-the galleries and " split
the ears of the groundlings," illustrates the
animus of this resolution. _ I denounce it here
as a resolution of revolution; I denounce it
here as a resolution of anarchy. The idea of
the-House of Representatives kicking the Sen-
ate of the United States from its presence!
About the time that is accomplished you will
have kicked the law-making power of the peo-
ple-out of existence; about the time that is-
accomplished you will have proved yourselves
greater architects of your country's ruin than
the million of men who for four years waged
war upon your Constitution and your laws,
drenching your land in blood and ridging it all
over with graves.
message prom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hami.in,
one of its clerks, informed the House that
the Senate had passed, with an amendment in
whioh the concurrence of the House was re-
quested, a bill of the House, No. 1812, to allow
deputy collectors and assistant assessors of
internal revenue acting as collectors or assess-
' ors the pay of collectors and assessors.
The message further informed the House
that th.e Senate had passed the following bills
and joint resolution, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested;
A bill (8. No. 204) for the relief of Henry
0, Noyes;
A hill (S. No. 753) to provide for the exe-
cution of judgments in capital cases;
A bill (S. No. 891) for the relief of George
Fowler and the estate of De Grasse Fowler,
deceased, or tlieir assigns; ancl
A joint resolution (S.- It. No. 219) giving
the absent of, the United States to the con-
struction of the Newport and Cincinnati bridge.
QPBSTION OF FItIVIL7!aU AGAIN.
Mr. BINGHAM. Now, Mr. Speaker, in
order to enforce somewhat the remarks that I
have made, I ask the attention of the House to
the words of the twenty-second joint rule. If
I "understand aright the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler} in his remarks yes-
terday—and I Would not intentionally do him
injustice-—it was to the effect that the twenty-
second joint rule was unconstitutional and ought
tobe repealed. And to show that I am not
mistaken I will fortify my remark by areference
to the second of the series of resolutions offered
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, a copy
of which has been kindly furnished to me by
the Clerk. That resolution is in these words:
Resolved further. That the twenty-second jointrulo
Of the House and Senate be, and is hereby, rescinded
on the part of the House.
Mr. Speaker, who before ever heard of a
resolution for the repeal of a joint rule in that
lOrm 1 A concurrent resolution or a joint rule
of the-Senate and House of Representatives
to be prescinded on the part of the House."
You might just as well introduce a resolution
here to-day that the act-of 1792, covering this
same question, referred to by the honorable
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Ei.dridge,]
Tie,-and the same is hereby, rescinded on the
part of tne House." What business has the
House, acting separately ,'to repeal a concurrent
resolution or a joint rule of the two Houses
or an act of Congress? . '
Wherein does that -differ from the act of
secession of South Carolina, wherein they said
that the Constitution and laws of the United
States, though declared to be the supreme law
of the land, " are hereby repealed oil the part
of South Carolina?" The Grand Army of the
Republic, under the lead of the honorable gen-
tleman himself and of the honorable gentle-
man froiri Illinois, [Mr. EVrkswortb,] who sits
on my left- and is now giving me his attention,
and oft other gentlemen, notified the State of
South' Carolina and Other States that had fol-
lowed her lead that the laws of this country
were not to be repealed by any body of men
whatever without the concurrence of the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives, and the
Constitution of the United States was not to
be repealed or altered without the concurrence
of the Legislatures or the conventions of three
fourths of the States. The gentleman from
Massachusetts now tells you that this jointrule
is unconstitutional. What is it, and how does
it stand with his argument, and where does it
leave us if we follow his logic ? That rule
provides, among other things—
" If, upon the reading of any such certificate by the
tellers, any question shall arise in regard to counting
the votes therein specified, the same having been
stated by the Presiding Officer, the Senate shall there-
upon withdraw, and said question shall besubmitted
to that body for its decision, and the Speaker of the
House of Representatives shall in like manner sub-
mit said question to theHouse of Representatives for
its decision; and no question shall be decided affirm-
atively, and no vote objected to shall be counted, ex-
oept by the concurrent votes of the twollouses; which
being obtained, the two Houses shall immediately
reassemble, and the Presiding Officer shall then an-
nounce the decision of the question submitted, and
upon any such question there shall be no Rebate in
either House."
The gentleman says that is unconstitutional.
Nothing, then, would seem to suit him. This
twenty-second rule, if it had not been reformed
or changed by the subsequent joint action of
the House and Senate, expressly required that
if the two Houses did not concur in receiving
the vote of a State to which objection had
been made in joint convention that vote should
not be-counted.
But the two Houses did, by concurrent res-
olution,-agree that if the vote of Georgia did
not change the result the record should be
made precisely as it was made. Then why all
this noise? The vote of Georgia was not
counted so as to affect the result, and nobody
knows that better than the gentleman from
Massachusetts. It was counted simply as the
concurrent resolution of the two Houses of the
Fortieth Congress directed it to be counted.
It was the sworn duty of the President of the
Senate, presiding over the joint convention, to
obey that law, whether he approved it or not,;
as it is our sworn duty to obey it whether we
approve it or not. For doing his duty this
House is called upon to censure the President
of the joint convention any to charge him with
oppression of the House and an invasion of
its rights.
Sir, it will be a sad day for America when it
goes out t,0 the people that the House of Rep-
resentatives has denounced a commissioned
officer of the people, acting under the obliga-
tion of his oath, for obeying the law even in
the presence of a mob spirit that would dis-
grace any assemblage of men that ever con-
vened on the face of God's footstool. Sir, I
honor the grand old Roman for standing in
his place unawed, and saying, "Come what
will, I will abide by the law." Notwithstand-
ing the clamor and uproar he stood unmoved,
without anger, without passion, bowing before
the majesty of the law, demanding that the
tellers appointed under the rules of the con-
vention should announce the result according
to the express letter of your law.
Sir, if Bewjamin Wade had never done any
other act in his life than this, it should entitle
him to the respect of his countrymen.- If he
had fallen amid the clamor and tumult which
the gentleman from Massachusetts raised here
in his place, it might have been written over
his grave, " Go tell those who survive me that
I He here in obedience to your law, and in
defiance of the clamor of a mob," Sir, I de-
nounce the gentleman's proposition as a prop-
osition of anarchy ; that anarchy which has no
head and cannot think, that, anarchy which
has no heart and cannot feel; which in its
fury and its madness tramples down law and
with it order ; tramples down childhood and
youth, defenseless womanhood, vigorous man-
hood and- venerable age; which hushes the
sweet'voices of home, shatters its altars, and
scatters darkness over its hearthstone. I ask-
the Representatives of the people to put their
seal of, condemnation on this resolution, and
to lay it on the table, there to rot.
Mr. ScnENOK was recognized by the Speaker
pro tempore.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, the gen-
tleman from Ohia[Mr. Binoham] yielded to me.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. The Chair
did not understand the gentleman from Ohio
as yielding to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farks worth.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That being, the fact,
however, I suppose I am entitled to the balance
of his time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
was not made acquainted with the fact.
Mr. BINGHAM. I did not know-my col-
league [Mr. Schenck] was on the floor. My
remark to the gentleman from Illinois was not
heard by the Chair or by my colleague either,
I presume.
The SPEAKER pro tempore.- The Chair
had accorded the floor to the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] before he became aware
of the fact that his colleague [Mr. BrNSHAM]
desired to yield to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Farnsworth.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That was uudera
misapprehension, the gentleman- from Ohio
[Mr. Binoham] having yielded to me. The
gentleman before taking his seat said he yielded
to me.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a question of
order. My point of order is this: that after
my colleague had concluded his remarks and
sat down, it was not possible for him to add a
postscript or addendum to his speech by re-
membering that he had a few minutes left and
rising to give those few minutes to anybody
else.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]1 on the right
of the Chair will state that before he sat down
he yielded the floor to the geutleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] the-Chair will
feel bound to carry out the arrangement.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman from Illi-
nois had, before I began, requested me to yield
him a few minutes when I should have con-
cluded ; and as I was taking my seat just now
he said to me, "Do you yield to me?" and I
said, "I do." These gentlemen around me
heard what took place. I did not know that
my colleague [Mr. Schexck] was on the lloor
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to a question of
order, whether the hour of the gentleman
from Pennslyvania [Mr. Woodward] has not
expired ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It has not.
If the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
says that he yielded to the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farksworth] before taking his seat
the Chair will accord the floor to the latter
gentleman.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. He has so stated.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
understands the gentleman from Ohio to make
that statement.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to ask a question
here before I insist on my right, for I wa-;
recognized. I understand it is the purpose of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
to move to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is my purpose.
_ Mr. SCHENCK. Then, sir, I claim my
right to the floor under the rules of the House.
1 was recognized and in possession of the floor
before the gentleman from Illinois claimed it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore The Chair
recognized the , gentleman1 from Ohio f-Mr.
