1850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March B,
been engaged in civil convulsions, and who
required advice and counsel looking to peace
and the cultivation of the arts of peace.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania tell me whether he him-
self and the Roman Catholic church and priest-
hood, including of course the Pope of liome,
holdsitto be immoral'or irrel'gioos or improper
for the Government to defend its existence
against an armed rebellion? Is there any prin-
ciple in the Christian religion which forbade
the loyal part of the people of the United
States to defend their Government when at-
tacked by traitors? I do not understand that
there is any such principle.
Although I would depreeate'as much per-
haps as the honorable-Senator the introduction
of any sectarian topic into our discussions here,
I referred to the letter bf the Pope of Rome,
addressed to the bishops of the United States,
impressing it in very strong terms upon the
bishops to exert their influence in their various
dioceses in favor of peace in the United States.
At a moment when we were, as the French say,
aux prii& with- the rebels, when it was not
perfectly certain that we should succeed in
overcoming the rebellion, at a moment when
the darkness was the thickest, w£en discour-
agement was the greatest; at a moment which
was tlie most uncertain of all the hours of
the rebellion as to our final triumph; at that
particular critical moment the Pope of Rome, a
foreign potentate with whom we were at peace,'
exercising, as the honorable Senator knows, an
influence next to Omnipotence over his subor-
dinates and over his people, came forward and
invoked, commanded the American bishops to
see to it that peace was restored ; a recom-
mendation which had in contemplation nothing
short of a cessation of the war and a recogni-
tion of the confederate States as one of the
independent, nations of the world—a matter in
which the Pope of Rome, I will undertake to
say, had no business to intermeddle. It was on
his part an act entirely unfriendly to this Gov-
ernment, and entirely gratuitous, performed in
complete hostility to this Government and to
the principles of liberty upon which it rests.
If this be introducing sectarianism into our dis-
cussions here 1 have only to say that 1 take the
responsibility as an American Senator and as a
free citizen of the United States, fearless of the
Pope of Rome or any other foreign potentate
or any other people, to indulge in the expres-
sion of it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I did not
assert that good morals or religious principles
require a nation to suffer itself to be torn to
pieces, to suffer revolt in its limits to go un-
chastised. Nosueh thing has been asserted by
me, nor was any such doctrine or idea contained
in the letter of which the Senator from Michi-
gan complains. I was about to say, when the
Senator interrupted me, that the letter about
which so much has been said was addressed
to the dignitaries or officials of the church, not
in the northern States alone, but in the States
of the North aud South both, in all parts of the
United Mates—-an invocation to cultivate the
spirit of peace, directed just as much to the men
who were engaged in rebellion against us as it
was direeted to the men in the North who were
putting forth efforts to subdue that rebellion ;
and it would be just as legitimate for a confed-
erate of the southern States who admitted the
authority of the confederate government over
him to complain of interference from abroad
as for a ciiizen of the North to make such com-
plaint in connection with this letter. He might
say, "You ask and invoke us to Cultivate the
spirit of peace ; to do. so far as the circum-
stauces of the case will permit, the works of
peace; to pray for and labor for its return in
this eountry. What does thai mean ? It means
that we shall lay down our arms ; that we shall
submit to■ Federal power; that we shall give
up this revolt upon which we have entered;
that we shall take b&ck over us the dominion
of that flag against which we have raised our
arms ; that w-e shall give op a struggle upon
whieh we have staked everything that is dear
to man as a member of a social community ;
and what business has the head of the church
in a foreign country to address us in that man-
ner?" Why, sir, such language from the South,
from the adherents of the rebellion, would have
had just the same logical force that the language
of the Senator from Michigan now has, directed
to the same quarter, and pronouncing a criti-
cism pari passu with that, exactly similar to it,
only coming from a different source.
Sir, the voice of the Christian church speaks
impartially to all peoples in "time of war and
in time of peace. Its mission is peace. The
mission of its founder was peace; and amid
the very storm of war, when human passions
rage over a country and deluge it with blood,
it always speaks to them in the same language,
which, though but a still, small voice, has
power to reach the human heart, to operate
upon human conduct and to restore again,
when war has disturbed nations, that normal
condition of peace in which the nations re-
joice, which is their crown of glory and the
security of their happiness and of their ad-
vancement in all the arts of progress and civ-
ilization. ■ ■
Sir, I tell the Senator from Michigan that he
speaks from too narrow a position. This letter
was not written by a citizen of the United
States. It was not written by one who owed
allegiance to our Constitution &nd laws, as a
citizen who was' bound to take part in the
struggle as an active partisan either by his
voice or by his arms. It was from an ecclesias-
tical authority in another country, standing im-
partial, so far as regarded our struggle here,
not bound to have an opinion upon the polit-
ical aspects of it, and who had none, or at least
expressed none in the letter which the Senatof
from Mifchigan criticises; who from his stand-
point could address both parties to the strug-
gle, or rather could address those who held his
own faith, who believed his own doctrines, who
acknowledged his spiritual supremacy, his ad-
visory power in both sections of the country,
and call back their attention amid the very
storm of the conflict to those great principles,
true and benevolent always, upon which the
salvation of nations and of man depend. He
did that. He did no more. Although I have
no sympathy with his church, no eommun'ion
and no connection with it, although my ances-
tors fled from persecution abroad in which that
church was implicated and came to this coun-
try as to an asylum and a refuge, nevertheless
I speak the words of justice in its behalf when
assailed here, and when I think it is against
public policy, against the fitness of things,
against the truth of the case for the Senator
from Michigan to rise here and attempt to raise
and inflame the passions and feelings that exist
among our churches. It was to perform that
duty that I rose.
One word, sir, as to this amendment. I am
indisposed to vote for it as it is presented here.
I think the appropriation is rather large. I
should like it to be put in a somewhat modi-
fied form, so as to conform to the argument
which has been made in its behalf. If it be so
changed I will vote for it. However, I shall
not enter into a discussion of the amendment.
I have, so far as I could for the moment, at-
tempted to do my duty to a great principle of
toleration, which is fundamental, which is ne-
cessary in this country, and which we must
maintain in Congress and out of it if we are
to live together a united and happy people.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations if he will not
permit this amendment to be passed over for
the pi-esent for the purpose of enabling me to
offer an amendment in which my State is inter-
ested ? I ftiake this appeal to the honorable
Senator from the fact that my colleague is not
well this evening and must necessarily leave
the Senate Chamber in a short time, aud it
will be necessary for me to be absent, perhaps,
for some hours on account of the duty imposed
upon me by the Senate to serve on a commit-
tee of conference. If this amendment could
be disposed of by the Senate it would enable
my colleague to retire, and enable me to dis-
charge the other duty assigned me.
Mr. MORRILL, of.Maine. If it will take
no time and can be done by general consent I
have no objection.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope it will not take any
time. It ought not to.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is it?
Mr. HARLAN. An amendment that I de-
sire to offer to this bill to come in under the
head of " miscellaneous.'.'
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to know what it
is before I consent.
Mr. HARLAN. It will take no more time
here and now than it will after awhile.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read for information.
The Secretary read as follows:
For reimbursing the State of Iowa for expenses
incurred and payments made daring tho rebellion,
as examined, audited, and found due the State by
General Robert C. Buchanan, commissioner, under
the act of Congress approved July 25,1866, $229,848 23.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will evidently take
time. I think we-had better finish the pend-
ing amendment. I think it is rather extraor-
dinary, in the first place, to introduce a claim
of this kind -while an amendment is pending.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it is not extraor-
dinary for the Senate to accommodate its busi-
ness to the duties of its own members. Several
members of-the Senate will be compelled to
withdraw to serve on a conference committee.
I am one of those. I should regret to be un-
able to offer this amendment. J feel it to be a
duty that I owe to the State which I in part
represent, and I have already stated that my
eolleague will be unable to remain much longer
in the Chamber on account of ill health.
Mr. ABBOTT. I desire to ask the Senator
from Iowa-whether this amendment has been
submitted to the Committee on Appropriations ?
Mr. HARLAN. It was offered yesterday
and referred to the committee. '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to the consideration of the amend-
ment?
Mr. ABBOTT. I object to it.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not understand that
one objection carries it over.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us have a vote on
the pending amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope we shall
have a vote on the pending amendment. This
is not a claim. This is not presented here as
a claim. It is simply a gratuity. It rests sim-
ply on the idea, in the minds of the committee,
to saytheleastof it, that these Sisters of Mercy,
so described in the bill, had rendered merito-
rious services; that they had rendered a great
charity to the soldiers of the country, and that
while they were in the performance of that
charity the Government, whose soldiers they
were nursing and caring for, destroyed their
property. Now, they come here not as claim-
ants, for they have been elsewhere as claim-
ants and they have beetf told their claim does
not rest in that principle of law which we are
bound to recognize. If the Senate of the Uni-
ted States say this is not an obvious gratuity,
then I ask them to vote and simply to say that,
and we shall be content; for these people are
not here tirging this as a claim in any sense
whatever. All I ask is for the Senate to vote
upon it; and if I had the power to do it I would
withdraw it, but I have not. If the Senate
intimate their sense that it is not a safe and
proper thing to do give to either $10,000 or
$20,000 in this case, let them so vote; but I
beseech the Senate to vote. I ask the Senate
just to say whether this is a proper thing or
not. -Now, let us have a vote.
Mr. D'RAKE. Not yet.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I wish to add a few
words in support of the amendment reported
by the Committee on Appropriations. It seems
to me so obviously just and proper that I must
express my surprise at the opposition that has
been made to it in the Senate. Here is an
institution devoted to the care and maintenance
of orphans in the city of Charleston, under the
charge of the Sisters of Mercy, who, according
