1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mf
landscape, with hill and mountain in the dis-
tance, forest-clothed from base to summit.
There were a tew scattered villages for the
convenience of merchants, blacksmiths, car-
penters, and other traders and workmen, and
mills sounded along the streams. Cemetery
Hill then, as now, overlooked the town of
Gettysburg; but no war—at least no war of
civilized man—had ever echoed upon itslieights,
nor had its soil received, as a harvest of battle,
the bodies of oar patriot dead.
Mr. Stevens's long residence in a rural dis-
trict, such as I have described it, influenced
in a great degree his subsequent character and
conduct. And it gave him a wider knowledge
of men and affairs than he could have acquired
if he had been at all times the resident of a
city. He knew the men of the country as city
men cannot know them, and with him always
"knowledge was power," and he gave it prac-
tical application to the management of men.
Mr. Stevens entered public life at the ripe
age of forty as a Representative in the Penn-
sylvania Legislature from Adams county. I
shall not detail with exactness or at length the
facts of his public career; nor shall I pro-
nounce an eulogiain upon him or express emo-
tions of persona! grief at his removal by death
from a field of action and service in which he
was conspicuous. His labors will be detailed
more fully by others, and his character is one
not so much for eulogium as for analysis and
for reflection. And as to manifestations of
sensibility at this time, I have to, say that I
think it will be proper to regard somewhat his
example upon like occasions and his general
\iews concerning funeral solemnities. He did
not respect insincere or undue praise of the
dead, and he always refused to wear crape in
honor of their memory.
But some notice of his life and character by
the two Houses of Congress is most becoming
in view of his eminence and of the influence
which he exerted upon legislation and upon
popular thought. And such notice may be
made instructive to men of the present and to
men of future times.
The first knowledge 1 recollect to have ac-
quired of Mr. Stevens was in 1838. It was
troin a speech which had been delivered by
him in the Legislature of Pennsylvania upon
the subject of education. After the lapse of
thirty years I can remember that he spoke of
the time when "the atoms of creation shall
bubble in the crucible of the Almighty," mean-
ing the time of the final destruction of the
earth. When I read that I thought, with the
taste of a boy, that it was a most eloquent and
admirable passage. I do not think so now.
Mr. Stevens for many years (both within and
without the Legislature) conducted or assisted
to conduct a war upon the institution of Free-
Masonry, and eventually set on foot a legisla-
tive investigation of its mysteries. In those
years he showed himself to be an able and
eloquent leader of party, and obtained for the
first time distinction and influence. But his
efforts were unsuccessful. Masonry stands as
it has stood for ages among the benevolent
institutions of civilized States.
Mr. Stevens contributed some brilliant
speeches to the cause of education in Penn-
sylvania, though his influence in the establish-
ment and support of our common-school sys-
tem lias been somewhat exaggerated.
His service in the canal board of Pennsyl-
vania, to which he was appointed in 1838,
provoked much denunciation, particularly as
regarded the making and abrogation of con;
tracts upon the public works and the uses of
a fund provided for their repair; and his con-
nection with the difficulties at Harrisbuig in
1839 provoked still more.
The question in 1839 was one of party power
in the Legislature, and it arose upon the elec-
tion of members from Philadelphia county. ■
There was a great excitement, and the pub-
lic peace was imperiled. Troops were brought
to Harrisbuig, and citizens flocked there in
laige numbers from all parts of the State.
Eventually the difficulty was composed by a
recognition of the members really elected, and !
the disturbance was given to history under the |
name of the " Buckshot war." I believethere |
is now but one opinion upon what then took i
place, and that is that Mr. Stevens and those |
who acted with him were entirely wrong, and j
that an honest decision was reached under the
pressure of popular opinion.
Mr. Stevens was prominently connected
with the creation of the public debt of Penn-
sylvania, as he was with that of the United
States. I think that one third of the former was
due to his efforts and influence in the passage
of appropriations not always well considered
or judicious. Struck by the advantages of
public works in increasing the general wealth
of the State and the prosperity of particular
districts, his habit of mind was to overlook
particular obstacles and cautious deduction.
His imagination kindled in contemplating
remote but grand results, and he scorned the
reasonings of prudence, and was indifferent to
the means by which he wrought. I know it
may be said that it is easy now, with results
before us, to condemn such improvements as
the Gettysburg railroad, the Erie extension,
and the Wiconisco feeder, and that the men of
1838 should not be judged in the light of our
present information. But I must declare my
fixed conviction that the conduct of public
men in their appropriations of public money
and creation of public debts should be judged
by stern rules. They are the trustees of prop-
erty interests not their own, and their errors
and improvidence must not go uncondemned.
Mr. Stevens was a member of the constitu-
tional reform convention of 1838, but was not
an active member during the latter part of its
proceedings, nor did lie sign the amendments
proposed by it for popular adoption, for the
reason already stated by my colleague. _
I turn, however, from his State to his con-
gressional career. He came into Congress
twenty years ago as a Representative from the
Lancaster district. After a service of four
years he was absent eight, and then, being
again returned, was a leading member of the
House until his death. These words—a lead-
ing member—are not an exaggeration. He
led others, and was not led by them ; and he
had two capital qualifications for mastership
in the Ilou^e. He had a very vigorous will,
and he had wit also, which was to him a power-
ful instrument for both aggressive and defens-
ive debate.
Mr. Stevens was in the latter part of his
career sometimes pleasantly called "the great
, Commoner but this invitation to a compari-
son between him and Chatham w^s not well
advised. Perhaps it does not deserve serious
treatment, but as there is no eminent public
man in our political history with whom Mr.
Stevens can be compared—-none essentially
like him—we may be excused for pausing upon
this invited comparison with a foreign states-
man of a former age. Pitt, unlike Lord North,
was not a man of wit; but his general powers
, of intellect for parliamentary service were un-
I rivaled. Besides, his abilities were well suited
1 to executive service, as was shown by him when
I chief minister of the Crown. Pie united pru-
dence with daring, and was as sagacious as he
was bold. Burke has told us of his achieve-
ments when he first held the powers of the
' sovereign aud enjoyed the confidence of the
j Commons; and the subject was worthy the
i hand of that great master. It is true that
| points of resemblance may be mentioned be-
tween the Biitish statesman and the American
leader. Both were men of strong will; both
had large influence in representative bodies;
both were greedy of applause, though proud,
self-sustained, and undemonstrative in its ^en-
joyment ; both were leaders of party, but often
exhibited independence of party control; both
had the great gift of eloquence, though lu dii-
ferent manner and in unequal degree. _ s
elocution was sonorous and commanding, his
sentiments lofty, his language, "drawn from
the wells of English undefiled," was polished,
vigorous, and pure. Besides, he had a moral
weight which is sometimes wanting to public
men. For he was deeply attached to a lawful
spouse, and he respected all those proprieties
of private life and of public station which'go
to malte up admired character.
Mr. Stevens had not a high opinion of men
with whom he was brought in contact. His
eye was keen to all their defects; and he felt
his own mental superiority. This gave him
coolness and confidence for debate. Besides,
his training at the bar had taught him forensic
art and had exercised and strengthened his
logical powers. He had the great merit of
speaking with directness and of controlling his
topics instead of being controlled by them.
Therefore he was not tedious, and was always
instructive.
Among the measures supported by Mr.
Stevens in Congress was one to regulate the
price of gold, or to prevent speculative sales
of gold, a measure to which there was but one
objection, which was that it undertook to ac-
complish that which was impossible. It was
lepealed soon after its passage.
Ho was early in the war an advocate for the
issue of Government notes, and carried through
the House the first bill for that purpose. Long
afterward he desired to issue $500,000,000 in
addition to the great volume of Government
currency then in circulation, but did not secure
the adoption of his views. He had more con-
fidence than most men in paper money, and
denied always the liability of the Government
to pay its obligations in coin except -where
expressly stipulated by contract.
He was sincere and earnest in pursuing his
objects and not scrupulous in the use of means
for their accomplishment. Party was with him
but a'meaus to an end, and he never hesitated
to unite with political opponents to secure his
purpose. There were many notable instances
of this conduct during his service in the House.
His impatience with political associates when
they differed from him was often strongly mani-
fested ; in private discourse without restraint,
afld in public with emphasis, though with more
of decorum. Nor did he withhold himself
upon occasion from directing his shafts of
satire against particular members of this body.
Upon the conclusion of the war Mr. Stevens
announced his theory of conquest and the pol-
icy to be predicated thereon. There was a
doctrine of forfeiture involved in the former,
which, being written in no code nor illustrated
by any American example, was slowly accepted
in the counsels of his party and in the debates
of Congress. It was that the southern States
had forfeited all right to self-government and
to their civil institutions by rebellion against
Federal authority. Assuming, next, that this
Government as conqueror of those States had
by virtue of the laws of war complete power
over them, the way was opened for proposi-
tions of policy concerning them. Gradually his
theory prevailed, and many measures founded
upon it have been passed and executed. He
lived long enough to see his theory accepted
j and his policy triumphant. In his own party
I doubters had become resolved, the timid em-
boldened, the refractory subdued, and all op-
position intimidated orsilenced. His passions
and his will had their complete gratification,
except in the two important particulars of con-
fiscation aud impeachment. From all this it
will appear that he died at a fit time to be can-
onized as a great and successful leader of party.
Mr. President, for w-hat will men care to
remember Mr. Stevens ? He will be remem-
bered for his wit and humor, which were gen-
uine and constant; suited to enliven a dull
debate or a tedious trial; to charm a social
circle or an occasional companion.
He will be remembered as a lawyer, able,
eloquent, and careful; fit for the rough work
of a nisi prius trial or for grave debate in a
court of error. Men of the legal profession
will hold in memory one who adorned that
profession and won its triumphs.
lie will be remembered for some generous
acts to persons in misfortune; acts magnani-
mous and noble, which he did not publish
