MOO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
how could the vote of the State ever be cotoEted,
the two Houses not agreeing that it should be
counted, as the rale requires that they shall
do before it can be counted ?
Mr. SCHENCK. That goes to the whole
question of the power of legislation to carry
out that provision of the Constitution. I have
no trouble at all in my own mind about that
constitutional question, because 1 do not see
-the same difficulty that my colleague does in
the joint rule upon the subject. I hold that it
is a casus omissus iti the Constitution; that the
Constitution requires not that the President
of the Senate shall count the'votes at all; there
is no such declaration in the Constitution. But
it declares that he shall open the certificates and
that the votes shall be counted.
That provision of the Constitution, not ne-
cessarily executing'itself, is to be aided by such
provisions in reference to its execution as may
be needed in the form of legislation, in order
that the provision of the Constitution may be
carried out -like any other provision in the
• Constitution which needs auxiliary legislation.
And I hold, as I said before, that legislation
•in the shape of a concurrent resolution of the
two Houses, or of a joint rule, a concurrent
resolution'put tipon your journal, as was the
one passed., last Monday, is sufficient for that
purpose,.'.because it is a. matter where there is
no-duty devolving upon the President of the
United States, but it only concerns the Senate
and the House.
Now, if I am right in assuming that the joint
rule of the Senate and of the House is consti-
tutional in all its parts—and I do not know
that my colleague [Mr. Shellabakobb] denies
that fact—what next? .Last Monday, in view
of the peculiar condition of affairs in Georgia,
we passed a concurrent resolution, which, to
ail inteata^and purposes, was a joint rule look-
ing to a special case and to some particular
question which might arise in that case. It
was 110 more and no less than that. Look at
it. The concurrent resolution explains its very
object in the recital of the preamble, which is
as follows:
" Whereas the question whotliertlio State o('Georgia
has became and is entitled to representation in the
two Houses of Congress is now pending and unde-
termined; ami whereas, by the joint resolution of
Congress, passed July 20.18G8, entitled 'A resolution
excluding from tho Klectorul College votes of States
lately in rebellion which shall not have boon reor-
ganised,'itwas provided that no electoral votes from
any of tho States lately in rebellion should be re-
ceived or counted for President or Vice President of
the United States until, anfong-other things, such
State should have becomo entitled to representation
in Congress pursuant to acts of Congress in that be-
half: Therefore, Uesolved," &o.
Resolved what? That when the State of
Georgia came to have her vote presented as
contained in the sealed certificate which might
be brought here, and that certificate was opened,
it should be the duty of the President of the
Senate, when all else that the Constitution and
the jotnt rule required had been done, to de-
clare that if that vote wer^ recorded such and
such would be the result, and that if it were
not counted there would be another result,
and I hat there his duty was to end.
The mistake which I think some gentlemen
make is in supposing that this concurrent reso-
lution repeals or in any respect whatever con-
flicts with the joint rules of the House and the
Senate. This concurrent resolution confines
itself to the question whether Georgia is enti-
tled to be represented or n'ot. It does not
touch thfe question of the certificate nor what
the certificate contains. It does not touch the
question'of examining the contents of the cer-
tificate with a view to counting the vote. Now,
let me put a ease. Suppose coming here with
your concurrent resolution, which does not
reach beyond the mere question of the title of
Georgia to be represented, you find upon the
Sable of the President of the Senate or in his
iand, the seals being broken by hiitf, a cer-
tificate fro in Georgia which when opened proves
to be a paper without seal and without-signa-
ture. , Can any objecMn be made? Accord-
ing to the theory whieh I am now combatting
no objection can be entertained. : Under this
concurrent-resolution, as gentlemen here con-
strue it, the President of the Senate, as a mere
automaton, is to rise in his place and say,- '' If
this voto be counted the result will be so 'x if it
be not counted it will be thus." Suppose you
open the envelope supposed to contain the
return and find no return at all but an old
newspaper, the President of the Senate is still
to go through the mummery and farce of rising
and saying that if it be counted the result will
be so, and if it be not counted- the result will
be otherwise!; Suppose you open the return
and find that the electors of the State of Geor-
gia have met in the capital of the State of Squth
Carolina, you cannot take notice of that fact,
because your concurrent resolution says that
the President of th'e Senater as a mere puppet,
must rise in his place and say, "If this be
counted the result is so ; if it be not counted
the result is thus." Suppose on opening that
return you find that the State of Georgia in.
stead of casting the number of electoral votes
to which she is entitled has cast twenty votes;
the President of the Senate, still acting in his
mere automatic capacity, must get up and say,
"If you count those twenty votes the result
will be so; and if you do not count them the
result will be thus."
What does all this prove ? It proves that
your concurrent resolution does not touch the
question in regard to what shall be done when
the certificates are opened. It does not reach
the question of counting. It deals with none
of these grave forms whieh are to be observed
in order to ascertain whether the votes certi-
fied in any particular return are to be counted.
It stops at the threshold, upon a preliminary
question, avoiding the other and graver ques-
tion that lies behind. It provides what shall
be done that there may be no committal on
that question ; but it leaves all that relates to
the count, all that relates to the form of the
certificate and its sufficiency, entirely open, to
bo disposed of under the joint rulesof thetwo
Houses. That is the proposition I make in
regard to this matter ; and I say that gentle-
men all along have begged the question, and
none more so than my colleague [Mr. Bing-
ham,] when he denounced the views ef those
who differ from him and maintain 
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will allow
me to correct him. I did not denounce the
views of those who differ from me. I de-
nounced the resolution of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, as I had a perfect right to do.
Mr. SCHENCK. I beg my colleague's par-
don if I am mistaken, but I thought he char-
acterized all this proceeding as "revolutionary"
and 
Mr. BINGHAM. I characterized the pend-
ing resolution as "revolutionary."
Mr. SCHENCK. And we heard a great deal
about "anarchy," in which the gentleman
soared so high that I could not follow him,
although I would have been glad to do so, be-
cause I always admire his rhetorie. At least
I am justified in saying, in regard to the posi-
tion of my colleague—and he knows that I like
him too well to use toward him any language
in an offensive sense—that he with other gen-
tlemen has assumed that the two acts of the
Senate aud the House, the concurrent reso-
lution and the twenty-second joint rule, are
in conflict with each other, so that, in the
language of the Speaker, that last passed re-
peals the other. I hold no such doctrine.
I say that there stands the joint rule cover-
ing all the questions that may arise after the
certificate is opened in regard to what is in the
certificate, and that the concurrent resolu-
tion stops short of all that, and merely deals
with the preliminary question whether we will
commit ourselves in anything we do upon the
question whether Georgia is or is not entitled
to representation or to have its electors, for
President and Vice President counted.
What is our twenty-second joint rule?
" If upon the readingof any such certificate by the
tellers any question shall arise-V-
In regard to what?
"in regard to counting the votes therein certified.
the same having been stated by the Presiding Officer,
the Senate shall thereupon withdraw."
If any question shall arise after the opening
of the certificates with regard to the counting
of the votes therein certified. Did your con-
current resolution relate to that? Did it re-
fer to what was in the sealed package in the
hands of the President of the Senate? That
was impossible. When the House and Sena'e
on Monday last tried, by their concurrent-reso-
lution to take .some safe ground by which they
should not be ledito commit themselves upon
the question whether Georgia was or was uot
entitled to have electors, they never reached
forwafd into, they never pried under the seal,
nor tried to divine the contents of the certifi-
cate, which was to them a sealed book; but
they waited until a question should arise in
regard to the counting of the votes therein cer-
tified.
Now, if my colleague maintains that our joint
resolution upon this subject is unconstitutional
I am afraid his argument will go too far. What
right have we to make rules at all ? The Con-
stitution of the United States says that each
House shall make rules for its own proceed-
ings, but it is silent about joint rules. Infer-
entially, because each House may make rules
in regard to its own proceedings, it has been
held from the origin of the Government that
the House and Senate may agree together in
regard to a joint rule which relates to that in
which they have a mutual interest, or where
mutual and reciprocal duties are to be dis-
charged. If my colleague succeeds in satisfy-
ing the House that this joint rule is unconsti-
tutional I very much fear his argument will go
to the extent under the Constitution of making
all joint rules unconstitutional; for all joint
rules are made under the inferential power that,
as each House can make rules for its crwn pro-
ceeding, they may also regulate what may take
place between themselves or where they are
jointly concerned.
I repeat, then, my proposition. We have a
general rule upon this subject, and then, to say
the least of it, we have a concurrent rule passed
at the beginning of this week amendatory of
the joint rule in reference to a special case, and
a particular question or class of questions that
may arise in that case, and thetwo, so far from
beingirreconcilable, can each be sustained with-
out one being regarded as conflicting with or
operating as a repeal of the other.
Now, sir, I come to a matter more delicate
than this. This I lay down as the law under
which we are to act. What did we do ? We
met. A question arose first in regard to the
vote of the State of Louisiana, as to whether it
should be counted or not. The Senate retired,
the House remained. They passed resolutions.
Those resolutions we find, upon comparison
and mutual communication, to be concurrent.
So it will appear, I presume, upon the record,
if any be kept, of the joint meeting ; and what
has happened I presume is what ought to be
recorded. And so the vote of Louisiana was
counted. When we came to the State of
Georgia a question was raised there again.
Now, it might have been possible if the
ground which gentlemen take here now and
which the Senate is understood afterward to
have taken be correct', that the concurrent
resolution overruled and blotted out all on the
subject of Georgia which might otherwise be
applicable to the case of that State under tho
joint rule of the House and Senate, that they
would at once have put down the objection, re-
fusing to entertain it upon the ground that it
was not in order, and so have gone on with the
count under the concurrent resolution, that
being held to be the only thing which provided
for any question that might relate to Georgia.
But, sir, the common sense of the House and
the Senate prevailed over any such construc-
tion. We were in a good deal of a muddle
from various causes, but it was apparent to
every one that here had come up a question
which the eoncurrent resolution did not pro-
vide for. The first objection made by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] to
