1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1101
the counting of the vote of the State of Geor-
gia was one which my colleague himself ad-
mits to have been a vital objection, to wit,
that the electors had not met when alone the
law authorized them to meet—on the 2d of
the month—but had met on the 9th. Now,
go back to your concurrent resolution and
read it, read it with all the lights that' have
been thrown upon it by the arguments of gen-
tlemen here. _ Here is the resolution, that
whereas questions have arisen as to whether
Georgia is entitled to have electors or not, or
Ijas been reconstructed or not, under the laws
passed for that purpose, and so forth; and
when you have done with the reading of your
concurrent resolution you are just where you
were before. You find in it 110 law, no rule
of action to regulate what you shall do when
you find upon the opening of the certificate
that the electors have voted at a different time
from that which the law appoints. The com-
mon sense, therefore, of the Senate and of the
House, disregarding any such strained con-
struction as has since been attempted to b®put
upon this concurrent resolution, led them to
separate, the Senate going to its room to con-
sider this question. After they had separated
what took place ? The House had submitted
to them, properly as I think, and therefore, I
voted against reconsideration, the question
whether they would or would not sustain the
objection made by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, and they decided that the objections
were well taken. The Senate went to their
room. We are not permitted by parliamentary
courtesy to know what took place there any
further then it was developed after their return
to this Chamber. And when they returned,
what did we hear ?
I quote from the official report:
The President having resumed the chair, said:
The objections of the gentleman from Massachusetts
are overruled by the Senate, and the result of the
vote will be stated as it would stand were the vote of
the State of Georgia counted, and as it would stand
if the vote of that gtatewere not counted, under the
concurrent resolution of the two Houses.
That is, we are to infer that the Senate went
off upon that question, which to my mind is
an absurd conclusion. Other gentlemen differ
from me, and therefore I say, to make due
allowance for that differenc- we are to infer
that they went off upon the idea that the con-
current resolution overrode and repealed the
joint rule upon all subjects in regard to finding
out what was in the certificates when they came
to be opened, and eame back and gravely told
us through their organ that the Senate had
overruled the objections made by a member of
this House in his place, while acting with the
House in joint meeting with the Senate. What
further? If you look at the official record you
will find it was communicated to the House as
a part of the record history of the joint con-
vention w"hat the Senate did ; but you have
no record whatever, nor was any allowed as to
what the House had done. You have a record
in the House of Representatives, and you have
a. record of their decision as it was communi-
cated to the Senate. These are records in the
House as a House, and in the Senate as a Sen-
ate ; but the joint meeting, the jointconvention,
never was permitted to know in any official way
so as to make it a part of its record history
what the House of Representatives did,although
they had courteously separated for the purpose
of each one passing its opinion in regard to
whether an objection was well taken or not.
Now, then, gentlemen wonder that any of us
should conclude that in any form of language
whatever it is proper to consider whether this
is not an invasion of the rights of the House.
If it be not, then we are the merest ornamental
appendage of the Senate in this proceeding of
counting the votes that ever any one body was
made while dancing attendance upon another.
How came they to be separated? In obedi-
ence to the rule. For what? To consider the
question. What question ? A. question which
had arisen in regard to the contents of a cer-
tificate when it came to be opened. And the
two parts of this joint convention, thus .sepa-
rated under the rule to consider and report to
each other what each separate part of the con-
vention had determined upon, were up to this
point acting regularly, and only under the joint
rule, without which all their proceedings would
have_ no force; for there was nothing else that
provided for their separation. And now we
are told that that joint rule was all repealed in
relation to Georgia. Yet.what are the facts?
The Senate said it was not repealed, by going
to their Chamber to decide, under the twenty-
second rule, the question raised in regard to
Georgia. The House said itwa« hot repealed
by remaining here in their seats ^jnd acting,
upon that question. And the Speaker said it
was not repealed by putting the question to
the House; and when the'two Houses came
together again in joint convention, it was in
obedience to the joint rule of the House and
of the Senate, which required the two Houses
to come together and make record of what had
been done by each part of the joint meeting.
Now there is nothing in that record of the joint
convention to show what the separate action
of the House was in that case. We can only
learn that the Senate aeted in opposition to
what the House had done by happening to
know what the House did; and what the Senate
overruled was not the action of the House
directly, but the objection made by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, the objection of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, however,
being made upon the construction of the House
of its duty under the joint rule, and made upon
the action of the House by which it gave its con-
struction and interpretation of that joint rule ;
and when the Senate overruled.it, it was not
merely a squelching, or the attempt to squelch,
a single member, butit'nras an attempt to abro-
gate and crush out the rights, powers, privi-
leges, and immunities of the House of Repre-
sentatives, as a part of this solemn procedure
to assist at the opening of the votes for President
and Vice President.
We have often heard from our worthy Speaker
about the propriety of standing up for the rights
of the Commons, the representatives of the
people. And I thank him for many a good
doctrine taught us upon that subject; they all
have my hearty concurrence, and I am for them
now. But I will say that it is idle, and worse
than idle, for the House of Representatives,
under your Constitution, under your joint rule,
to come here under any eireumstances to assist
at the opening of these votes, if the Senate,
through its Presiding Officer, can coolly come
in here, after the two bodies have separated for
the purpose of deciding any question, and say
that upon second thought the Senate has agreed
to overrule what was proposed on the part of
the House, or of any member of the House, from
which announcement there is no appeal, and
about which there is to be no question, and in
regard to which there is no record made. I do
not want to attend any such meeting under such
circumstances as a Representative of the peo-
ple. I will not sanction by my presence, of as
little consequence as that may be to any one,
any such doctrine as that which takes away the
privilege, not even the privilege, but the bare
right and duty of taking part in a solemn cere-
mony, according to the form of the Constitution
and as provided by law.
Now, sir, let me illustrate in another way;
and the gentleman to whom I shall refer will
know that I do it with the utmost respect and
kindest regard for him. Let me illustrate by
reference to the course pursued yesterday by
the Speaker. The reporter for the Chronicle
or for the Associated Press, who sometimes
interpolates in his reports an expression of
personal opinion, says that the Speaker made
"a timely interruption" in threatening with
arrest members of the House for disorder,
when they expressed—somewhat too excit-
edly, perhaps—their feelings of indignation,
honestly felt by them at this seeming disposi-
tion to trample them down and thrust them
ou,t of the way. How came the Speaker to
make that order ? I thought we were in joint-
meeting of the two Houses, with the President
of the Senate .as the .Presiding Officer; and
with due deference to the" Speaker and his
authority, I hold that the gavel was not prop-
erly in his hand. I hold that, unless under
Some general-claim as a peace officer his ju-
risdiction extending over us solely, he ought
not to have threatened us with arrest; aryjL I
can only account for his doing so by suppos-
ing that, like many of the rest of us, he was
excited by the unusual confusion and warm
feeling of the occasion.
Mr. COLFAX, (the Speaker.) Will the gen-
tleman yield to me ?
Mr. SCHENCK. With pleasure.
Mr. COLFAX. Having stated my views to
the House last evening I had intended not to
participate further in this discussion unless my
official conduct should be arraigned, as- it is
now being arraigned by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Scbenck.] The Speaker of this
House feels that it is the-right of eve&y Rep-
resentative to arraign him if he transgresses
in the performance of his duties. In this case
he performed his duty. He would have been
de^elict if he had not performed it. He would
have been subject to the future censure of the
House if he had not interposed when he did
interpose to check the excitement that was
then transpiring: The twenty-second rule of
the House provides that—
"It shall be the duty of the Sergeant-at-Arms to
attend the House during its sittings, to aid in the
enforcement of order under the direction of the
Speaker.
"The gentleman from Ohio has for half an
hour insisted that " the House of Representa-
tives," under the Constitution, was "sitting"
in this Hall during joint session yesterday. It
Was a House of Representatives. There was
a Speaker. The twenty-second joint rule re-
quires that in joint convention he shall sit by
the side of the Presiding Officer of theconven-
tion. But he is no less the Speaker of the
House at that time. He is charged with the
maintenance of order. When the House is
" sitting," this rule undoubtedly applies. It
had met as a " House of Representatives" at
noon, and had not adjourned for a moment.
If, during the joint session, there was no House
of Representatives here, then the Speaker ex-
ceeded his authority.. If there was " a House"
here, if the Constitution required "the House''
to be here, then he performed his duty in en-
deavoring to command order, which had been
transgressed by the repeated refusals to obey
the order of him "who was then presiding in
joint convention.
The Constitution provides distinctly, in the
twelfth article of the amendment, that—
"The President of the Senate shall, in the presence
of the Senate and House'of Representatives, open all
the certificates."
Hence there must be in the joint session "a
House of Representatives." There was "a
House of Representatives" there yesterday.
There was " a Speaker" there; there was "a
Sergeant-at-Arms" there; and the rule pro-
vided where these officers should sit. They
were not ciphers. They had some duties to
perform.
Let me ask one question. When disorder
existed in the joint convention, who was to
perform the duty of restoring order? If th«
President of the Senate, amid the excitement
then prevailing, had ordered the Sergeant-at-
Arms of the Senate to enforce the rules of
order upon members of ihe House of Repre-
sentatives, the excitement would have been
redoubled. It would have been said that the
President of the Senate had not the power to
order.the Sergeant-at-Arms to enforce order
upon members of "the House of Rrepresent-
atives" in their representative Hall. But. un-
der the twenty-second House rule, there was
an officer endowed with the authority neces-
sary in the emergency , and he shrank not from
the performance of his duty. If he exceeded
his authority he is subject, as he is for all other
official acts, to the condemnation of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 think he was exeit«d
very much, as the rest of us were, and -he for-
got himself.
