1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1853
the farther conference asked by the House of Repre-
sentatives on the disagreeing votes of the two House*
^Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the President pro tempore of the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Williams, Mr. Edmunds, and Mr. Rob-
ertson.
HOUSE BILL.
The joint resolution (EL R. No. 476) for the
payment of Caleb S. Hunt and J. Willis Me-
nard was read twice by its title, and ordered to
lie on the table.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2007) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1870, and for other purposes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thete are
some amendments of the Committee on Appro-
priations passed over which will now be read
if the Senator from Maine desires.
Mr. HARLAN. I have the consent of the
Senator from Maine to offer an amendment
now. It is to add to the first section :
For reimbursement of the State of Iowa for ex-
penses incurred and payments made during the re-
bellion, as examined, audited, and found due to the
State by General Robert C. Buchanan commissioner
under the act of Congress of July 25,1866.
Mr. SUMNER. I will offer an amendment
to the amendment:
Provided, That the claim of any State for expendi-
tures in aid of the United States during the war of
the rebellion shall be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, where such
claim has been audited and found due by any com-
mission appointed for that purpose under the author-
ity of Congress.
That is the Iowa case, and I believe there is
one other case that is like it. The language is
simply to make the Iowa proposition applica-
ble to any other State that shall be in the same
situation ; that is, if the claim has been ex-
amined, audited, and found due by any commis-
sion acting under the authority of Congress it
shaJl be paid.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me that is
extraordinary. Congress appoints a commission
to examine a claim and report to Congress ;
and now, without knowing what that claim is
or what the report is or how many cases there
are, it is proposed to confirm that report, what-
ever it may be, and pay the amount.
Mr. SUMNER. It is the same with the
original proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the original propo-
sition has not been voted upon. I suppose
some explanation will be given of that before
we act on it. I appeal to the Senator himself
whether he thinks it proper that an appropria-
tion should be made without the report being
before us ?
Mr. SUMNER. Where a claim has been
audited and found due by a commission acting
under the authority of Congress, what more
does the Senatdr ask?
Mr. SHERMAN. The commissioner is ap-
pointed to examine the matter and report to
Congress. The amount is found due, is re-
ported to us and referred to our committee,
and we proceed to act. This proposition is pre-
cisely as if a judge should say to a master or
commissioner, "Go on, find out what there is
due, report back to me, and without any action
or looking at the report or kuowing what it is
I will confirm it."
Mr. SUMNER. The point is, as I under-
stand, that a certain sum is found due to the
State of Iowa, having been duly audited. Shall
it not be paid?
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is found to be due
by a committee of this body and then by a vote
of the Senate, it will be paid.
Mr. SUMNER. In this case it is found duo
by a commission appointed under the authority
of Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. There were many commis-
sions appointed during the recent war. One in
the case of Missouri, where they allowed some
claims and disallowed others. The matter
came before Congress and Congress passed a
bill -authorizing payment of a portion of the
claims passed on by the commission. This
principle would go back of the action of Con-
gress and allow in that case all the claims that
had been allowed by the commission but were
rejected subsequently by Congress. Is that
what the Senator wishes?
Mr. SUMNER. No; I do not ask for that.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a case in my
mind that would be covered by the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from Ohio to be against the Iowa propo-
sition ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to know some-
thing about it.
Mr. SUMNER. The proposition I move
upon it is identical in character. The two
should go together.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not heard any-
thing about the Iowa proposition. When I
hear about it I shall answer.
Mr. CONKLING. It strikes me the differ-
ence between the Iowa proposition and this
may be thus stated : the Iowa proposition we
can understand, at least we can know after it
is explained, the length and breadth and pos-
sible effect of it; this proposition we know
nothing about. There is no enumeration of
the cases which it may cover; it is a leap en-
tirely in the dark; and its action may be such
as its mover does not at all contemplate. At
all events, if we are to enter upon the payment
of claims of this sort I hope, they will be enu-
merated that we shall know at the time we
vote whether they be greater or less in num-
ber and be furnished without some sort of yard-
stick by which we can measure the amount
and not undertake in thelumpto pay we know
not whom for claims we know not what.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I wish to
ask the Chair, as a matter ef order, whether
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Iowa is in order ? It proposes an additional
appropriation. It is not reported by any com-
mittee. It is .not to carry out the provisiou of
any existing law. I raise the question of order
that it is in the very face of the express rule—
Rule 30 of the Senate. If there is any statute
which directs this sum to be paid to the State
of Iowa I should like to see it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
the ground of the Senator's motion is that it is
to execute a law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should be glad to see
the law it is to execute.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have called
on the Senator to show that fact.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no such law to
my knowledge.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the
amendment is not reported by a committee, is
not to carry out a statute, oris not estimated for
by one of the Departments, it is not in order.
Mr. HARLAN. Before the decision is ren-
dered I wish to call attention to the fact that
the amendment itself refers to the law which is
intended to be carried out by the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us see the law.
Mr. HARLAN. It is the act of Congress
approved July 25. 1860.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
matter in dispute.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend from Iowa will
be kind enough to turn us to the statute we shall
see whether there is any act of Congress which
authorizes the payment of any such thing. All
the act of Congress contemplated, as I recollect
it, was to provide for a commission to inquire
into this claim of Iowa and report to Congress.^
The law made no provision for the payment of
any sum to the State of Iowa. It made no
i acknowledgment of any debt to the State of
| Iowa. It was merely a law directing an inquiry,
! as I recollect it. Now, my friend can refer to
j it and we can see exactly what it was.
Mr. HARLAN. I cannot lay my hands on
the statute at this time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 will find it.
Mr. HARLAN. But it seems this objection
is rather technical than real. Congress passed
a law directing an investigation to be made to
ascertain what amount is justly due to the State
of Iowa. That commissioner appointed in
pursuance of law makes his report. • He finds
that, this exact sum is due the State, and this
amendment is intended to carry into effect that
law authorizing this investigation to be made.
Mr. MORGAN. While gentlemen arefind-
ing the papers I wish to offer an amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As soon as I can find
the statute I will submit it to the Chair on the
question of order.
Mr. MORGAN.' The amendment I offer is
in line six hundred and seventy-eight, after the
word "garden," to insert:
And«the erection of suitable iron stands for plants
in new conservatory, $4,000, to be expended by tbe
architect of the Capitpl, under the direction of the
joint Committee on the Library.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to offer
a similar amendment from the Committee ou
Public Buildings and Grounds, to insert after
line six hundred and seventy-three :
For continuing the work of grading and filling the
Capitol grounds, $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.,
Mr. WILLIAMS. I expect to be absent
very soon, and while the Senator from Iowa is
looking up the law I should like to offer an
amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I have the law. The act
referred to in the amendment offered by me
reads as follows:
" That the President of the United States be, and
he hereby is, authorized and required to appoint a
commissioner, whose duty it shall be to examine and
report, on or before-the 1st day of December next,
upon the claim of the State of Iowa for forage, trans-
portation, subsistence, and clothing furnished by
safd State to certain volunteers of said State who,
under the command of Colonels ^lorledge and Ed-
wards, and at therequest of certain officers command -
fng troops of the United States in the State of Mis-
souri, marched into the State of Missouri to cooperate
with the troops of the United States in that State m
suppressingtherebethon. Alsotheclaim of theState
of Iowa for repayment ol certain moneys paid by
said State in raising, arming, equipping, paying, and
subsisting certain troops of the State maintained by
the State on the southern and northwestern borders
thereot during the late rebellion, for the purpose of
defending the State^igainst attacks by bushwhackers
and Indians. And also the claim of said State for
compensation tor certain forage procured and bar-
racks built by the State on the northwestern border
thereof and turned over by the State to and used by
the United States/'
In pursuance of this law a commission was
appointed, discharged its duty, and found due
the State under these various heads the amount
named in the amendment, the exact number
of dollars and cents, and this amendment,
therefore, is necessary in order to carry into
effect this provision of the statute itself. I
ought to state perhaps a word or two on the
merits of the claim itself. These troops were
called for by 
Mr. EDMUNDS. What, has this to do with
the question of order ?
Mr. HARLAN. Troops were called for by
the general in command of the United States
troops in Missouri. They marched downinto
that State and performed service there in con-
nection with the volunteers of the State of
Missouri, for whose services the United States
has already paid the State of Missouri more
than seven million dollars. These troops
served with those troops that have been thus
paid, aud were only relieved after a sufficient
number of regular troops were marched into
that State. On the northern border a part of
the claim is for barracks, buildings, and for-
age collected to support the volunteers. These
buildings and barracks afterward ^ were sold
and the money covered into the Treasury of
the United States, and this is merely to reim-
burse the State of Iowa for these expenditures.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I inquire of my friend
from Iowa what that has to do with the ques-
tion of order? The rule says—and it is in-
tended to protect the Treasury against sudden
raids upon it—that 110 amendment of this kind
shall be received to a general appropriation
bill unless it is to carry into effect the provis-
ions of some existing law. Then the question
