1102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
Mr. COLFAX. No ; he did not.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is only a difference of
opinion, and I am fortified in that opinion 
Mr. Woodward rose.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot yield, when I
am answering one interruption, to another.
four, sir, 1 thought I might be acquitted of
feeling to arraign or itnpeach the motives
of the Speaker, and he ought to know that I
have no such feeling and no such purpose. I
have too much respect and too much kindly
regard for him to do so.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Iraise the point
of order that there is too much disorder in the
Hall.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will proceed. If there
is any issue between the Speaker and myself,
it is of his seeking and not mine. I make
none. •! simply, as a question of law, say
that when the House of Representatives is here
in joint convention—joint meeting I think the
rule calls it—with the Senate, it is prescribed
that the President of the Senate shall preside
over that joint meeting, and it is, therefore,
not the Senate that sits' here, not the House of
Representatives, but a body composed jointly
of those two branches, and when the Speaker,
out of proper respect, is assigned a place along-
side of the President, and these same Sena-
tors are assigned places on the right, and the
tellers are told by the joint rule where they
ought to take their seats, it is to give dignity
and character to the occasion. It is a regu-
lation in regard to the surroundings; but as
regards the legal right of the Speaker to pre-
side and keep order, let me say that it is not a
double-headed monster, but one body with one
head, that head for the time being the President
of the Senate.
Now, I wish to quote an authority on that
subject. It is from the proceedings of yester-
day ;
/'Mr. Thomas. X was about to ask the Chair a
similar question. The inclination of my own mind
is in that way very strong that it is not competent
for tlio House of Representatives by n vote of this
character to supersede the resolution adopted by the
Konatn and llouso concurrent!}'. That resolution
fixed the mode of action and prescribed the rule of
conduct for the Senate and House in joint meetinsr.
I have no reference to the separate aotion of this
body.
'* I'lio Speaker. A reply to that question would
involve a discussion of questions properly transpir-
ing in joint oon vention ot the two Houses, over which
tlio Speaker of this House has no power."
That is the latest interpretation I have of the
law on that subject, which was given to us by
the Speaker yesterday in explaining his course
of notion, lie said that he did not interfere
because he had no power; that the Presiding
Officer was the one to do it. I allude to this
not for the purpose of arraigning the Speaker,
but for the purpose of showing the general
conclusion which here prevailed. And while
we were in joint meeting of the House and
Senate, moro than once the House probably
seemed to forget for the time being we were
not in the more excitable House of C6mmons,
and the Speaker shared in the excitement. I
have referred to this for the purpose of show-
ing that when we were thus united together
under the joint rule the law-was that joint
rule, as far as related to everything that we
were called to do in joint meeting, and that
the Senate and the House, and the President
of the Senate and the Speaker of the House
took that view of it yesterday. Now, sir, I do
not wish to follow up the argument which I
have submitted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
send another authority to the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK. It states that the Speak-
er s chair was vacated and it was taken by the
President of the Senate.
Mr. COLFAX.- . As the gentleman has re-
ceived a suggestion from the gentleman from
Massachusetts, I hope he will yield to me for
a. moment.
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly, sir.
Mr. COLFAX. The Speaker ruled in th«
House of Representatives that he could not
revise the ruling of the President of the Sen-
ate when presiding over the joint meeting of
the Senate and House. The Speaker adheres
to that ruling to-day. There is, however, some
difference apparently between the gentleman
from Ohio and myself as to the construction of
language. There is an order in the twenty-
second House rule, and I will again repeat it,
in reference to the attendance of the Sergeant-
at-Arms. The law commands that the Senate
and " House of Representatives" shall be in
session on the second Wednesday of February.
The twenty-second House rule then requires
"the Sergeant-at-Arms to attend the House
during its sittings, to aid in the enforcement of
order under the direction of the Speaker," &c.
He could not do it under the direction of the
President of the Senate. The rule would not
allow him. He would forfeit his office if he
obeyed the order of the President of the Sen-
ate. The rule says that the Sergeant-at-Arms
shall attend their sitting to aid in the enforce-
ment of orderunderthe direction of the Speaker.
I would therefore ask the gentleman from Ohio
whether he would have asked the President of
the Senate to command the Sergeant-at-Arms
of the Senate to arrest a Representative for dis-
orderly conduct—a member of a body with
which he had no official connection whatever?
If that had been attempted it would have in-
creased the excitement already existing. Could
he have required the Sergeant-at-Arms of the
House to have arrested a member of the House ?
He had no power so to do under therule.
The House of Representatives were here
and the Speaker was here, and the joint rule
commanded that he should be here attended by
the Sergeant-at-Arms. Why, sir, if the Ser-
geant-at-Arms of either House had attempted
to arrest a member of the other House we
might have had repeated here the scenes of the
French revolution, when the excitement of the
galleries mingled with the excitement below.
In the maintenance of order the President of
the Senate had the control of the Sergeant-at-
Arms of the Senate, and no one else. If he
had sent the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate
to arrest any Representative the member could
have refused to obey, as he had no right to
obey the order of any one but the Speaker.
The Speaker was ordered to be here, and he
supposed his duty required him to do that
which he did in the maintenance of order and
decorum. Order had to be preserved. The
House had met as a House at noon and had
not adjourned. It was a House of Represent-
atives, and was sitting as the Constitution re-
quired its presence as a House. The Sergeant-
at-Arms of the House was here, as required by
the rule. It is his duty to aid in the enforce-
ment ©f order under the direction of the
Speaker, and no one else; and he received
that direction from him.
Mr. SCHENCK. This does at not all take
away from the force of my argumeftt. My
argument was as to the legislative condition in
which we were, what we were doing, and where
we were doing it. The joint rule provides that
when the two Houses have thus met in joint
meeting the President of the Senate shall be
their Presiding Officer ; and I find in the last
clause of that rule the following:
"Atsuchjoint meeting of the two Houses seatsshall
be provided as follows: tor the President of the Sen-
ate, the Speaker's chair; for the Speaker, a chair
immediately upon his loft; for Senators, in the body
of the Hall upon the right of the Presiding Officer;
for the Representatives, m the body of the Hall not
occupied by the Senators; for the tellers. Secretary
of the Senate, and Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives, at the Clerk's desk; for the other officers of
the two Houses, in 1" ont of the Clerk's desk and upon
either side of the Speaker's platform."
I do not know any difference of opinion in
regard to the true construction of this joint
rule or law, for it is a law. I do differ from
the Speaker in this: I hold it is notabo'dy with
two heads. I hold it is not two bodies. I hold
it is one body, composed of the Senate and
House acting together in joint meeting, having
one head to preside and to keep order as its
Presiding Officer, and that Presiding Officer is
the President of the Senate; and to aid the
Presiding Officer to keep order it was intended,
as well as for other purposes, to give character
to the occasion, that the officers of both Houses
should be present here with the two Houses.
If I am right in this the Presiding Officer for
the time being might have ordered the Sergeant-
at-Arms of the Senate or the Sergeant-at-Arms
of the House. In giving instructions it was as
much his right to speak to the tellers on the
part of the House and to direct them in re-
ceiving certificates as to speak to the teller of
the Senate. It was as much his business to
give instructions to the Clerk of the House as
to the Secretary of the Senate. He was the
Presiding "Officer of the whole body thus met,
andnot only presided over that body, but could
direct the steps of the officers met together for
that purpose.
I am sorry in thus illustrating the condition
in which we found ourselves here it has led to
this passage between the Speaker and myself.
I do not think he has intended to say anything
in an offensive sense toward me, and most cer-
tainly I intended nothing personally offensive
to him.
Mr. COLFAX. As the Speaker never re-
ferred to the subject until it was broached by
the gentleman from Massachusetts he of course
had a perfect right to vindicate himself.
Mr. SCHENCK. I merely refer to the mat-
ter as an illustration of my general argument,
to which I will now go back. I say here is the
Constitution of the United States, which pro-
vides that the President of the Senate shall
open these certificates ; that it further provides
where the votes thus certified shall be counted ;
that to carry out that clause of the Constitution
the two Houses by a joint rule have declared
how that shall be done; that in adopting that
they refer to all questions with regard to the
contents which shall be found in the certificates
when they come to be opened; that when they
passed the concurrent resolution amending pro
tanto this joint resolution they did not touch
those questions relating to what is contained
in the certificates, but simply attempted to
avoid the question which might .arise as to
whether the State of Georgia was in the Union
or not. They left all else under the joint rale,
and under that joint rule this question was
made by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
and the two Houses retired to consider it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I would not
trespass a single moment on the time of the
House were it not that as the immediate Rep-
resentative of the officer referred to in the res-
olution now pending, I feel it my duty to
speak. Wehave wandered so far in thisdebate,
Mr. Speaker, from the original question raised
and tlie real question at issue that I desire to
call the House back to the point of departure.
Two questions are now involved in this discus-
sion. The second one is an after-thought, and
was not a part of the original proposition. It
was invented as a lighter to carry the ship
launched yesterday by the gentleman from
Massachusetts over the bar in order to get it
out to the open sea. I desire, sir, that we
shall separate that lighter from the ship and
let the gentleman's craft, whether it sink or
float, meet such fate as it deserves.
As I have said, the subject debated most
this morning is not the question we are now
called upon to decide. The chief matter of
discussion for the last two hours has been the
constitutional prerogative and duties of the
President of the Senate when he comes to
open the electoral votes for President and Vice
President of the United States, and connected
with that the constitutionality of the joint rule
under which that officer acts. Our ears have
been stunned and our fears alarmed at the
danger we incur by leaving this joint rule unre-
pealed. We are now told that all this tempest
and turbulence have for their moving cause
the desire to settle a.great constitutional ques-
tion for the future safety of the Republic.
We are called npon in these last da^s of the
session to lay aside all other business in order
