1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBI.
1103
to provide for counting the electoral votes four
years hence. I admit the importance of this
subject, and at the proper time shall be glad
to consider it; but, as now urged, it is a mere
evasion, an attempt to escape from the real
point now at issue.
Now, sir, I fully agree with many gentle-
men who have spoken that we oughtto have full
discussion and careful legislation in reference
to this business of counting the electoral votes
for President and Yice President; and in
order to show that it is not a new question with
me, Mr. Speaker, I call attention to the fact
that there is a resolution now in possession of
the Committee on the Judiciary of this House,
sent to it by the House on my motion, as far
back as the 24th of March, 1868, and it is in
these words:
" Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
directed toinquire into the expediency of providing
by law for the settlement of contested elections for
electors of the President and Yice President of the
United States, and that they report by bill or other-
wise."
A standing committee of this House has this
very subject under consideration and can re-
port. We want no additional resolution or
reference in order to bring it before the House.
I dismiss that part of the gentleman's scheme,
which is a manifest afterthought, a transparent
attempt to evade the violent and indefensible
measure which he proposed in these words:
Reiolved, That the House protest that the counting
of the vote of Georgia by the order of the Vice Pres-
ident pro tempore was a gross act of oppression and an
invasion of the rights and privileges of the House.
That is the question, Mr. Speaker, and so
far as I am able to prevent it he shall not
escape the responsibility of his attempt. What,
then, is the essence of the charge preferred
against the Vice President? Whether the
counting of the vote of Georgia was "a gross
act of oppression and an invasion of the rights
atid privileges of the House'' depends solely
upon, one thing, and that is this : did the Vice
President in the discharge of his duty of opening
the votes and declaring the result of the count
yesterday act in accordance with the law which
the two Houses had placed in his hands, or
did he wantonly neglect or refuse to do, some-
thing which, the law required him £o do ? The
decision of that question decides the merits of
the gentleman's resolution.
Now, it wiil not do for the gentleman to
allege that the rule was unconstitutional, and
therefore the Vice President did wrong to obey
it. Was that officer to be the judge of the
constitutionality of the rule enacted by both
Houses of Congress? The injunctions of that
rule were peremptory and left him no discre-
tion. If he had gravely doubted both the con-
stitutionality and propriety of the rule, who
will say that he would have had the right,, at
that moment, to set it aside or violate its pro-
visions in the smallest particular as against
the declared will of the two Houses?'
Assuming, then, that neither the constitu-
tionality nor the wisdom .of the rules under
which he was acting was a matter to be determ-
ined by him, we must look to the rules them-
selves to find what rights were conferred upon
liim, and what duties were required of him. If
the twenty-second joint rule had been his only
guide, it is perfectly clear that an objection to
counting the vote of Georgia would not only
have been in order, but the vote of the House
.that it should not be "counted would have made
it his duty to omit from the count altogether the
vote of that State.
This reduces the discussion to still narrower
limits. If the Vice President's course is jus-
tified, that justification must be found in the
joint rule which passed this House in the form
of a concurrent resolution on Monday evening
last. Omitting the preamble, which is only a
matter of inducement and cannot restrict the
plain terms of the rule, the "resolution is as
follows:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring.) That."on the assemblm^rof the two
Houses on the second Wednesday of February, 1869,
ior the counting of the electoral votes for President
and Yice President, asprovided by law and the joint
rules, if the counting or omitting to count the cleet-
oral votes, if any, whifeh may be presented as of the
State of Georgia shall not essentially change
result, in that case they shall be reported by the Presi-
dent of the Senate in the following mannertWero
the votes presented as of the State of Georgia to be
counted, the result would be, for for President
of the United States, votes; if not counted, for
 for President of the United States,.—r-, votes;
but in either ease, •*-' is elected President of the
United States; and in the same manner tor Vice
President.
In this rule is the whole issue now in debate,
My colleague, [Mr. Schenck,] who has just
taken his seat, and who has made the strongest
argument in favor of the opposite view which
I have yet heard, virtually acknowledges that
this is the whole issue when he declares that
this joint resolution neither;repeals the twenty-
second rule nor does it come in conflict with
it. Now, the application of this new rule de-
pended upon one contingency, namely, whether
the counting of the vote of Georgia would or
would not change the result. If it would not,
the new rule should apply; if it would change
tho result this rule should not apply, but the
Vice President would be thrown back upon the
provisions of the twenty-second rule,' in which
latter case it would be in order to object to
counting the vote, and the sustaining of the
objection by either House would make it the
duty of the Viee President to reject the vote
from the count. The guide of his conduct in
relation to Georgia required the settlement of
cme preliminary question, namely, will the vote
of that State change the result? This he must
ascertain before he can know under which rule
he is to act. It may be that the new rule is
no rule; for if he finds that the vote of Geor-
gia will change the result then this new rule is
a nullity, an absolute nullity, because the con-
ditions on which alone it was to have any force
do not exist. But if, on the contrary, it be
found that the vote of Georgia will not change
the result, then the' rule applies in full force,
and, as I maintain, to the exclusion of all other
rules. Therefore, before the Vice President
could determine whether this rule should apply
to Georgia, he must have the electoral votes
of the other States counted. That explains his
conduct, which the gentleman from Massachu-
setts so severely commented upon yesterday,
in regard to putting off the vote of Georgia to
the last. Having ascertained by the official
count of the votes of all the other States that
the vote of Georgia could not change the result,
he had reached a situation to which the new
rule applied. The case had then arisen of
which the new rule says expressly, " In that
case they (the electoral votes of Georgia) shall
be reported by the President of the Senate."
It left him no discretion. It was made to coyer
one contingency, and no other. That contin-
gency had arisen, and the Vice President, in
accordance with the rule, armed with it as his
only law to apply to the State of Georgia, pro-
ceeded. or was about to proceed, to declare
the vote of Georgia, when the gentleman from
Massachusetts rose in his place and objected.
The President of the Senate made this answer:
" Tho Chair is very much disposed to hold the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives to their own con-
current resolution. The purport of the resolution,
as we understand it. is that if the votes of the State
of Georgia do not change the result of the election
they may be counted, but if they did alter the result
they should not be counted."
He had already found that the vote of Geor-
gia did not change the result, and knew, there-
fore, that the new rule rested upon him in full
force. He had no discretion. The rule was im-
perative ; but the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, though out of order, pressed his objection
with vehcmcnce. The Vice President repeated
his decision, and a secondtime declared that he
felt bound to obey the concurrent resolution of
the two Houses; but the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, with his accustomed persistence, still
objecting, and the Presidentof theSenate mani-
i festly desiring out of abundant caution to do
j no injustice to any member of the Senate or
j House, stated that the Senate would retire.
I He did not at that time say that he entertained
I the objection of the gentleman from Massa-
i chusetts; he did not say that he ruled on the
objection of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts; bat lie declared that the Senate would
retire, and on that declaration he Senate did
retire. A manifest difference of understanding
arose between the two Houses on this' point.
The House did not clearly understand on what
ground the Senate'had retired. The record
shows that the gentleman from Wisconsin ["Mr.
Eldkidse] claimed they had retired on a ques-
tion raised by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Jones.]
Mr. INGERSOliL. I ask the gentleman-16
yield to me. •
Mr. GARFIELD; For a moment.
Mr. INGBRSOLL. I wish to correct him
so this debate may be based ttpon the facts.
The gentleman states that the President of the
Senate, the Presiding Officer here, did not state
upon what ground the Senate retired. Now,
let ns see how that matter stands, and I will
read from the report of the Globe:
"The Pbesidejpt. Objection being made, tile Sen-
ate wiil retire to their Chamber to deliberate, under
the rules.
" Mr. Washbubne, of Illinois. On what?
" The President. On the objection that has beon
raised by the gentleman from Massachusetts."
There was the language of the President
himself.
Mr. GARFIELD. I agree with the,gentle-
man, but what was the objection? The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts had not only filed
an objection in writing against counting the
vote of Georgia, but he had objected to the
ruling of the Chair that ruled his objection not
in order. Under these circumstances the
President of the Senate ordered that body to
retire. Why did it retire? Let me trace the
history of their transactions, as exhibited in
their message to the House. After reaching
their Chamber the Senate decided that they
had no right to vote on the question,of count-
ing the vote of Georgia. Why? Because the
joint rule had settled it that the vote of Geor-
gia should be counted, and counted in a pav-
ticular way. Therefore the' Senate, as- it had
a perfect right to do, declared that it had' no
right to do otherwise than to count the vote of
Georgia in the prescribed manner. The action
of the Senate is seen in the following:
"Resolved, That under the special order of the two
Houses, respecting the electoral vote from the Stato
of Georgia, the objections made to the counting the
vote of the eleotors of the State of'Georgia are not
in order."
In the mean time the House, supposing that
the two bodies had separated, not for the pur-
pose of settling a point of order, but the objec-
tion to counting the vote of Georgia, proceeded
to vote on that question and voted thatitshould
not be counted. The Senate came back, and
its President an'nounced the result of their
deliberations. I agree with my colleague [Mr.
SchenckJ that the words employed were not
a strictly correct announcement of what the
Senate had done, for the Senate did not in
form, norcould it in fact, overrulethe objection
of a member of the House. But I call atten-
tion to the fact that when the President of
the Senate came back he did what he had an
undoubted right to do. He reasserted his first
decision, that the objection of the gentleman
from Massachusetts to -counting the vote of
Georgia was not in order. It is true that he
used the language which my colleague has
repeated ; but I trust that -no member of this
House will think it worth whileto dispute about
the mere form of words. The treatment of
this House.by the Sen-ate must be exhibited in
the official messages receivfedfrom the Senate.
Mr. Speaker, I insist that under the new
rule it was both the right-and the duty of the
Vice President to rule out the objection of the
gentleman from Massachusetts as not in order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman must not state what I did not do. I
did not ask him to rule it out. I appealed to
the House, supposing the Speaker was in the
chair.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman does not
understand me. 1 am talking of what occurred
before the Senate went out the second time. I
