1868.
THE C0NGBESS10NAL GLOBE.
151
life. His venerable form moves slowly and
with uncertain steps; but the gathered strength
of years is in his countenance and the light of
victory on his path. Politician, calculator, time-
server, stand aside ! A hero-statesman'passes
to his reward.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the adoption of the resolutions.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted,
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 18, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock in.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
colombia river and iiillsbouo' railroad.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a joint memorial asking Con-
gress to aid in the construction of the Colum-
bia river and Hillsborol railroad; which was
referred to theCommitteeonthe Public Lands.
oregon, etc., navigation company.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a joint memorial asking aid of Congress for
the Oregon and Washington Navigation and
Improvement Company; which was referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
willamette and columbia railroad.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a joint memorial asking Congress to aid in the
construction of a railroad from the Willamette
valley to the mouth of the Columbia river ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad.
collectors of internal revenue.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, relative to increased compensation
to certain collectors of internal revenue, and
i eco in mending the same ; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
j. w. menard.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has had handed
to him a paper signed by Randell Hunt, in re-
lation to the claim of J. W. Menard to a seat
in the House of Representatives from the State
of Louisiana.
The paper was referred to the Committee of
Elections.
death of hon. thaddeus stevens.
Mr. peters, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was referred
to the Committee on Printing, under the law:
Resolved, That there tie printed for the use of this
House thirty thousand copies of the eulogies deliv-
ered in the Houso on Hon. Thaddeus Stevens, de-
ceased, ten thousand to be bound in cloth.
philadelphia navy-yard.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to make a report from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, in answer to a resolution of inquiry
in relation to the purchase of tools by the chief
engineer at the Philadelphia navy-yard, merely
to have the report printed and recommitted.
Mr. U-ETZ. One of my colleagues desires
that this report should not be made to-day,
and on his account I object.
payment of fees in bankruptcy.
Mr. TIFT, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution ; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Whereas many worthy citizenshave not been able,
on account ot poverty, the large fees required, and
oilier causes, to avail themselves of the benefit of
the general bankrupt law : . .
Resolved That the Committee on Revision of
Laws of the United States consider and report, by
bill or otherwise, the justice and propriety of extend-
in" tlie time in which bankrupts may avail them-
selves of the benefit of the present provisions of the
said law, and of reducing the fees.
pension appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Aopropriations, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 1561) making appropriations tor
the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States for the year ending June 3,.
1870 ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr-. Hamlin,
one of its Clerks, announced that that body
had passed an act (S. No. 700) for' the relief
of Joseph Moorehead, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolution of the House:
An act (H. Ii. No. 1537) to repeal certain
provisions of section six of an act entitled
"An act making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending June 30,
1868, and for other purposes," approved March
2, 1867 ;
An act (IT. R. No. 1555) to amend an act
entitled "An act imposing taxes on distilled
spirits and tobacco, and for other purposes,'1
approved July 20, 1868; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 3SS) explana-
tory of the act to create an additional land
office in the State of Minnesota, approved
July 25, 1868.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (H. 11. No. 15GG) to
relieve certain persons of all political disabili-
ties imposed by the fourteenth article of the
amendments to the Constitution, with amend-
ments, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
agricultural department.
Mr. MORRELL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Agriculture be
requested to transmit to the House of Representa-
tives a report showing the deficiency in appropria-
tion, if any, for erecting the new agricultural build-
ing, wiih oust of constructing thesame, togetherwith
any papers and evidence he may have relating
theroto since his last annual report.
pension agency in tennessee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1505) to
establish an additional agency for paying pen-
sions in the State of Tennessee; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
drawback.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, also, by unani-.
mous consent,, introduced a bill (1L- R. No.
1506) to provide for drawback in certain cases;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
pay of army and navy officers.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1567) giving to
officers in the military and naval service of the
United States who were commissioned but not
mustered pay according to rank and com-
mission : -which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Aft'airs.
representative from louisiana.
Mr. SYPHER presented the credentials of
J. Willis Menard, Representative-elect from
the second congressional district of Louisiana;
which were referred to the Committee of
Elections.
joseph moorehead.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I desire to make an appeal
to the House to take up from the Speaker's
table and pass a bill which has just come m
from the Senate to provide for the care of an
insane person. It is a very distressing case
and requires immediate action. It is the bill
(S. No. 700) for the relief of Joseph Moore-
head. I ask that it may be read.
The Clerk read the bill, which provides that
Joseph Moorehead, of Ohio, lately a passed
midshipman in the United States Navy, now
insane, shall be admitted as a patient into the
Naval and Military Asylum for the Insane at
Washington, District of Columbia, and remain
therein so long as he shall continue insane and
his guardian shall so desire.
Mr. SCHENCK. I simply desire to say that
this application is made in consequence of the
burning down of the lunatic asylum in Ohio
and the return of this man to his family, where
he endangers their peace and lives. He is a
retired officer of the Navy, and receives such
half pay as will support him in the asylum. I
presume he ought to have been admitted to the
lunatic asylum here under the law according
to the design in the establishment of the insti-
tution, but there seems to be some construc-
tion of the law that prevents his admission.
The Senate passed this bill in order that this
man may be got into the asylum before the
recess, if possible.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
that the bill had better be amended so as to
provide that this man be admitted "in con-
formity to the rules of the asylum." There
may be some rules governing the asylum.
Mr. SCHENCK. The passage of this bill
is asked because, on account of some construc-
tion of the rules, he cannot be admitted with-
out special legislation.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest the words " other-
wise in conformity to the rules." There may
be something in reference to the government
of the institution with which this would conflict.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Ohio will explain how this
changes the existing law on the subject, because
we ought to act with care in a matter like this.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I will send to the Clerk's
desk, and ask to have read, a note which I
have received from one of the Senators from
Ohio upon this subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
Senate.
Dear Sib: Ihavo had passed, without objection,
a bill to admit Joseph Moorehead, an ex-officer of
the Navy, for twenty years insane, and all that time
confined in the Columbus Insane Asylum, to tho
asylum here. He draws lurlough pay now, and his
admission here costs nothing, as his pay is reserved
for his support. It is a pressing and distressing case,
as ho is now at laigc and endangers a tamily in
Z.incsvillo. I'loasc have it passed before the recess.
Truly yours, JOHN SHERMAN.
General Sciicnck.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I have only to say in re-
lation to this man that he became insane while
lie was an officer in the Navy. I do not know
what construction of the law prevents hisbeing
admitted to the asylum here. But being a resi-
dent of Ohio, he has been for about twenty years--
kept as an insane person there. The Ohio
asylum having been burnt down, he has beeii
returned to his friends at Zanesville. It is
right that, being an officer of the Navy, he
should be admitted to the asylum here provided
by the General Government.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, received its several
readings, and was passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
election in louisiana.
Mr. NEWSHAM. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution for con-
sideration at this time:
Resolved, That a select committee of seven be ap-
pointed to investigate the irregularities and frauds
alleged to have occurred in the State of Louisiana
and city of Now Orleans affecting the recent election
for Representatives to Congress and electors for
President and Vice President, and report thereon to
this House ; and that the said committee may hold
sessions in the State of Louisiana by a quorum or
by sub-committees of sueli number as the commit-
tee shall designate: and that they have power to
send for poisons and papers, to administer oath4 to
-witnesses, and to employ a clerk and messenger,
with such stenographic assistance as they shall and
necessary.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to have this resolution referred to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction before we are called
upon to act upon it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me that
mv colleague ought not to object to this reso-
