152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
lution. We passed a resolution the other dny
without objection from him to investigate the
election in New York.
Mr. NIBLACIC I object to the introduc-
tion of the resolution for any purpose.
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION.
Mr. BAKER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the report of the Commissioner of
Education, with the accompanying documents, be
referred to the Committee on Education and Labor.
REMOVAL OF "POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
On motion of Mr. BOUTWELL. the amend-
ment of the Senate to House bill No. 1556, for
the removal of political disabilities from the
persons therein named, was taken from the
Speaker's table, and referred to the Committee
on Reconstruction.
POSTAL SERVICE IN SOUTHERN STATES.
Mr. NOBRIS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, Thattho Committee on thePost Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of further legislation to secure greater efficiency
in tho m.'iil service in the States lately in rebellion
against the United States, and to roport by bill or
otherwise.
PENSION AGUNC5T, DECATUll, ALABAMA.
Mr. HAUGIIEY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 1508) for the
establishment of a pension agency in the town
of Decatur, in the State of Alabama; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
EXPENSE OF TAKING CENSUS OI*' 1SC0.
Mr. PRINCB, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution: which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Rpzolvcd, That tho Seoretnry of the Inferior b<\ and
is hereby, instructed to communicate to this JlouMi
the amount of claims against the Government lor
services rendered in taking tho United States census
in 1300, and tho amount, it any, necessary to be ap-
propriated to pay such claims.
ASSIGNEES IN BANKRUPTCY.
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa, by unanimous eon-
pent., introduced the following resolution \
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
llrHohed, That tho Committee on Revision of Laws
bo, and aro hereby, instructed to inquires into ami
repon on tho legality of the appointment of olli-
cial or general assignees by eeiUin United Htu'es
district, judges iu contravention of tho spirit nnd
provisions of the bankrupt law nnd of the mode
adopted by said courts of transferring all bankrupt
estates within tho limits of their judicial districts
to such official «>r general assignees: also, ns to tho
propriety of so changing tho bankrupt law as to pre-
vent an.v settlement of bankrupt estates by any other
than the assignoes duly elected by tho creditors of
estates.
NATIONAL BANK OP THIS U MTJIOI'OIJ^.
Mt\ ELA, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following preamble and resolution ; which
were road, considered, and adopted :
Whereas it appears from the renort of tlie Comp-
troller oi tho Currency that the National Bank of
the Metropolis, of Washington, District of Columbia,
has been involuntary liquidation since October. I8(5(>,
then owmgthe United States iordeposits$552.712 45;
smco reduced to 8470,95* 70, which was secured by a
deposit with the Unuod States of $100,000 interest-
bearing bonds of the United States: and also that a
further deposit of $202,000 of interest-bearing bonds
■were held to secure the circulation of said bank all
of which is still outstanding; and vliereas this bank
further appears by said report to have becomc a
depoMtory oi United States disbursing officers since
it has been in liquidation :
Resolved, That the Committee on Banking and
Currc'cy inquire and report what legislation, if any
is nece.^aiy to ennblo tho Comptroller of tho Cur-
rency to wind up tho affairs of a bank which has no
oihco or place of business, and stop tho payment by
the United .States of interest to a bank upon a debt
winch tho bank owes to the United States, and to
prevent an insolvent bank from becoming adeposit-
ory for United States officers.
FUR SEAL IN ALASKA.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Ilevolvort, That the Committee on Commerce be
directed t<* inquire what legislation is necessary for
the protection of the furse-d in Alaska, and to regu-
late the taking of tho 5ame, and to ruoort by bill
or otherwise.
AMENDMENT OF HOMESTEAD LAWS.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending,the homestead acts as to allow parties who
have availed themselves of tho benefits of said acts
to inako final proof of settlement before clerks of
courts of record; also that in all cases where parties
have made entries and have failed lo comply with
said ach, persons desiring to contest such entries
may make proof of the fact before such clerks; and
that said committee report by bill or otherwise.
TESTIMONY IN FEDERAL COURTS.
Mr. CHURCHILL, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, a bill (H. R. No. 220) to perpetuate
testimony in courts of the United States, with
an amendment in the form of a substitute, and
moved that the bill and substitute be ordered
to be printed and recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
pjsloniks and misdemeanors.
Mr. CHURCHILL also, by unanimous con-
sent, repoited back from the Committee on
the Judiciary a bill (H. It. No. 1258) to define
felonies and misdemeanors, and to regulate
peremptory challenges iu the courts of the
United States; and moved that it be ordered
to be printed and recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BEMJAMIN. I move to reconsider the
votes by which the various bills have been re-
ferred this morning; and also move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa. I move to recon-
sider the votes by which tho various resolutions
have been adopted this morning; and also
move that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ol'ficektf, etc., on" duty in new stork.
Mr. SCHEN"CK, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and itgieed to :
Remised, That the Secretary of War be directed to
inform this House how many commissioned officers
of the Army are detailed for duty in the quartermas-
ter's, subsistence^ pay, medical and other depart-
ments of the service in and about the city of New
York, and how they are each and severally employed ;
also, how nniny en listed men and civilian^ are detailed
or employed in connection with such service in and
about the said city: and whether the number of such
otlicers. enlisted men. and civilians cannot with ad-
vance to the public interests and due consideration
.of economy bo reduccd.  ■
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COUIlT BUILDING, ETC.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution ; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Jieeofved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inquire into the necessity and probable
cyst of' electing a suitable building for United States
circuit and dUti ict courts of the United States, rev-
enue offices, and post office in t ho city of Covington,
Kentucky, and report to this House as soon as prac-
ticable.
martial law in rebel states.
Mr. MULLINS. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution, which I
would^ like to have adopted ; or, if there he
objection to its adoption, let it be referred to
the Committee on Reconstruction:
Whereas tho armies of the United States have, at
an enormous cost of treasure and of human life, cap-
tured and suppressed the rebel armies under the
lead ot Jefferson Davis. It. E.Lee, and other rebel
leader^; and whereas a largo number of said leaders
and the confederate soldiery did, as agreed upon,
taito an oath to bo a peaceful and law-abiding peo-
ple, and to peaceably attend to tho ordinary and
peaceful avocations and pursuits of life; and whereas
great numbers of said rebel leaders and nninnumer-
abie number of their former soldiers, together with
others of perhaps much more wicked and infamous
purposes, have sine* the surrender of tho said rebel
armies banded themselves together in an organiza-
tion known as tho l£u-Klux IClan, and perhaps other
organizations of a like character and wicked pur-
pose, and have engaged in unlawfully marauding
and wickedly murdering our peaceable and law-
abiding citizens, spreading terror and alarm in vast
portions of the entire South ; and whereas itis man-
ifest from the reports of diveis persons and the mili-
tary commanders in portions, if not all. of the late
rebel States, that it is now and has been for months
past wholly impossible by civil law to suppress those
bands and persons so wickedly disposed and give
protection to life and needed security to property in
those parts of the eountry which the United States
are bound to guaranty to their peaceablc citizens:
Therefore,
Beit resolved, That the civil law in the State of
Texas or other portions of the late rebel States be,
and is hereby, dcclarcd suspended, and that martial
law be, and is hereby, declared to exist in said State
or other southern States, to the end that the military
authority now occupying said State or other parts of
the South, or that may hereafter be ordered to said
States, suppress and dispose of snid wieked and law-
less persons according to the military laws and as the
necessity of the case demands, so as to restore peace
and order so desirable to all good people.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to the introduc-
tion of the resolution. It is very scandalous
upon the gentleman's friends.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, kid
before the Iiousc a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting copies
of certain papers in relation to the Union Pa-
cific railroad, called for by resolution of the
House of Representatives adopted on the 15th
instant; which, on motion of Mr. Price, was
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
order of business.
Mr. MAYNARD. There is a bill upon the
Speaker's table in which the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] is interested,
and after the morning hour has commenced I
should be glad to have it taken up and acted
on. I will now yield to the gentleman from
New York to make a statement.
committee on retrenchment.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I ask unanimous consent
fo be allowed on Monda) to submit a report
fioui the Committee on Retrenchment, moiely
for the sake of having it printed and recom-
mitted.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
miss victor.,
On motion of Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana,
leave was granted for the withdrawal from the
files of the House of the papers in the case of
Miss Victor.
georgia contested-election cask.
Mr. PRINCE. I ask leave to submit the
following preamble and resolution :
Whereas John A. Wimpy and John II. Christy
both claim to have a right to represent the sixth
distiictof Georgia in the Houmj; and whereas Uic
return? show the said John II. Christy had a. major-
ity of the votes cast, and the said John A. Wimpy
claims that enough fraudulent votes wore cast for
the said John II. Christy to invalidate his eicction:
Therefore,
Resolved, That tho said John A. Wimpy be au-
thorized to give to the saidChiisty notice that he
shall contest the election on the grounds of fraud ;
that said Christy have ten days thereafter to answer
the same, and they have thirty days to tike testi-
mony from the date of said answer; and that in all
things else the testimony bo taken and returned in
conformity to existing law.
Ihe SPEAKER. This is a privileged ques-
tion, relating, as it does, to the right of a mem-
ber to his seat, and it is now before the House.
Mr. AvOODW ARD. Do I understand the
resolution is before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is before the House,
being privileged.
Mr. WOODWARD. Is not this matter at
this moment pending before the Committee of
Elections ?
J he SPEAKER. The committee can prob-
ably answer that question.
Mr. WOODWARD. I will ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Elections whether
the question between these two gentlemen from
Georgia is not now before his committee ?
Air. DAWES. It is.
Mr. WOODWARD. I think that is suffi-
cient answer to the resolution, and I move that
it be laid on the table.
