1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11M
upon the order of business arid the action of
the Government, excites such unwonted sen-
sibility, in the House we shall proceed to con-
sider with that care, that calmness, and that
candor which its importance demands. The
question before the House is one compounded
of fact and of law. To the facts I shall not
speak. They are known to and in the mem-
ory of every member. To the law I propose
to address myself in such degree as I may.
And now let me ask the House to pardon me
if I do not reply to these unprovoked personal
assaults upon me in the course of this debate.
The House knows I have never begun a per-
sonal attack upon any member, but if I am
pressed too far I will reply, and in a way that
I have done on one occasion, and which I had
hoped would have forever relieved me from
such assaults. I was once told upon this floor
that I had voted fifty-seven times for Jeff.
Davis, in order to lessen my standing with the
members of the House and to provoke me to
controversy. I returned that assault in such
a manner that I thought the same man would
never make another upon me; and I make it
a rule in life never, unprovoked, to begin per-
sonal controversy.
In answer to the declamation in this case
let me say the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] has again made that splendid rhe-
torical display about "anarchy," which has
neither heart to feel or a soul to be saved ; that
starry declamation about the " gathered wis-
dom of a thousand years," [laughter;] the
"land drenched in blood of millions of your
sons" and 11 dotted all over with their graves."
[Laughter.] I only reply that I always did
like that speech. [Much laughter.] And if
everybody else likes it as much as I do and we
are to have it upon all proper occasions per-
haps I ought Say no more about it. [Laugh-
ter.] To my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field,] who, smarting a little under the failure
of his defense of the regular Army, has chosen
to arraign my motives and send me to the
country branded in parliamentary language as
being actuated with the "spirit of hell," I
have only-to say " out of the abundance of
the heart the mouth speaketh." [Great
laughter.]
Waiving all that is personal and does not
elucidate the question, let me draw attention to
the law which governs the momentous power of
counting and declaring the election of a Chief
Magistrate of the first Power on earth. It is
this: the Constitution of the United States,
by an original article, the second, if I mistake
not, provides that upon an occasion like that
of yesterday "the President of the Senate
shall, in the presence of the Senate and House
of Representatives, open all the certificates,
and the votes shall then be counted." The
twelfth article of amendment has precisely the
same provision, in precisely the same words,
and no more; so that the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Shellabarger] was not as usual correct
this morning in saying that this provision was
changed because of the trouble in the election
between Jefferson, Burr, and Adams.
Mr. SHELLABABGER. Thatis what was
stated by Justice Story.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
care what Justice Story states ; the Constitu-
tion shows what the fact is.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. It is a matter of
history.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
never inclined to pin my faith upon the opinion
or actions of any one man. God gave me my
own reason to guide nie and my own eyes to
inform me. And because a man who is dead
has asserted a given proposition, that alone
does not compel me to believe it. The living
may be as able to judge for themselves as are
the dead to judge for them.
The law is that the President of the Senate
shall open all the certificates, and then the
votes shall be counted in the presence of the
two Houses. Now_, I apprehend there in no
better and no more just rule of construction of
constitutional or other law than that where
40th Coxg. 3d Siitfs.—-NO. 70.
power is expressly given by law to an officer
to do a certain thing only, that power is lim-
ited, and a furtherpower to do another thing
not expressly conferred upon him cannot be
given by intendment, and the very conferring
of the power with a limit excludes such intend-
ment. Now, the Constitution gives the power
to the President of the Senate to open the cer-
tificate of the votes, because, being required to
be transmitted to him, he has them in his cus-
tody. There it stops, so far as the President
of the Senate is concerned. The Constitution
then goes onto say that the "votes shall then be
counted," and all this is to be done in the pres-
ence of the two Houses. Why? My friend from
Ohio [Mr. Shellabargee] says that it is in or-
der that the two Houses may be witnesses that it
is done rightly. Exactly so. I agree with him.
But if it is done wrongly, what is the rem-
edy ? If the President of the Senate may do
in this matter as he pleases, as is now claimed
to be the law, and we cannot help ourselves,
whether it be as the great constitutional duty,
wrongly or rightly, why, then, should the Con-
stitution compel us to stay here as witnesses
to a wrong with the committing of which we
have neither the power or right to interfere?
Are we thus compelled to sit here poor, inan-
imate witnesses, voiceless witnesses, power-
less witnesses, incapable for good or ill ? Al-
though our position is claimed to be so poor,
so degrading, yet the Speaker tells us that we
were here as a House, in full vigor, with power
even to order, through our Presiding Officer,
the arrest of its members—the highest exercise
of the power of the House. And the Senate
was here likewise, by the provisions of the
Constitution, as a Senate, with its Sergeant-
at-Arms, to carry out its high behests, and
arrest, it may be, its own members.
Why does the Constitution .bring the two
great legislative bodies of the nation together
in their legislative capacity upon so solemn
and great an occasion as the final choice of the
Chief Magistrate if it leaves them so impotent
for good and so powerless to prevent evil, and
so great an evil that the Senate and House
must sit palsied by while the "foundations of
the great deep" of our Government maybe
broken up and the land deluged in anarchy,
with all its fearful and bloody consequences,
because of the mistakes, perversity, or corrup-
tions of a single man, who may himself aspire
to the place from which by his own wrong he
ejects the choice of the people?
Now, it is said, though if it were true in view
of such a constitutional dilemma it would not
alter my opinion upon the subject, that Chan-
cellor Kent has given an opinion that the
President of the Senate only is to count the
votes. But what are his words? He only
says—I presume it may be so considered—in
commenting upon this part of the Constitution.
Well, he gives neither a judicial opinion or any
opinion at all. Justice Story says: "It is a
casus omissus; the Constitution does not state
who shall count the vote." So I bring Chan-
cellor Kent and Justice Story in direct oppo-
sition, and thus dismiss them upon this point.
Now, where does the Constitution plaee us?
We are placed here in joint convention to count
the votes, or, what is the same thing, to see
that they are justly and correctly counted. It
is a power given by the Constitution, operating
ex proprio vigore, to do an act of government.
Therefore, all the power necessary to execute
the power is also conferred. It is familiar law
that when any power is given by law to any
officer or body all the powers incident to and
necessary to carry out the power granted is also
granted. Among those powers in the present
case is a power in the two Houses sitting in
convention to preserve order; to establish rules
for its own government, and to guide its delib-
eration ; for being an aggregate body, or in any
view composed o {'aggregate bodies,todetermine
questions for itself by deliberation. A part
of that power is exercised by the House and a
part by the Senate, whether in an aggregate
body or separated opinion is divided. One
theory is, and that theory seems to be gen-
erally entertained, that the Senate, being a
smaller body thau the House, ought hot to be
compelled to .come into the convention, to be
overslaughed by the larger b(>dy in a per
capita or aggregate vote. But that proposition
is by no means a settled or ascertained one.
But, however that may be, whether we exer-
cise that power separately or conjointly, apart
from each other or in conjunction with each
other, the power is given to the convention to
preserve order, determine questions for itself,"
and to settle all other questions nec.esss.ry to
execute its work as a constitutional body.
That, beyond all doubt, in my judgment, is the
power given us by the Constitution as incident
to the performance of the duty enjoined upon
us, and that in its execution the Republic shall
receive no detriment. If we can neither pre-
serve order nor deliberate, nor examine, nor
determine any question, how are we to find out
what are the votes we are to count or to see
counted? Suppose that upon the reading of
a certificate 1 rise and object, saying, "Why,
sir, that certificate is forged, and I have the
evidence here." "But," says the President,
"I cannot hear that. Don't you know the
concurrent resolution will not permit us to
examine this question, or I alone can judge of
that, and I am without power to summon a
witness ?'' I ask this House what we are to do
in such a case. How are we to hear evidence,
if necessary, if we have no power? I say, "I
know that certificate is forged." Another .gen-
tleman says, "I know it is genuine;" and
there is a conflict. Are we to count the votes
certified by such a certificate without determ-
ining anything about the genuineness of the
certificate ?
Again, sir, a question may arise : by whom
is the certificate given ? To be valid it must
be the certificate of the electors. How are we
to know that they were electors. To be legally
electors they must be elected under certain
constitutional forms and on a certain day. Must
we not have all power necessary to ascertain
such facts without the knowledge of which no
action ought or can be had ? Now, we have
adopted a joint rule, the twenty-second joint
rule—a rule which, whoever drew it, is in my
judgment very badly worded and wanting in
very many particulars for the conduct of busi-
ness of the convention. But that twenty-seeond
joint rule is not unconstitutional. So far as it
relates to the conduct of business I have never
said it was; for that rule determines what we
have a right to determine, the mode of doing
business in convention, the manner in which
we shall exercise our power. We have a right
under the Constitution to exercise our power
in any manner we choose, either together or
separately, provided it be not done in contra-
vention of the Constitution.
The rule carefully provides that when an
objection is made the two bodies shall separate
and deliberate upon that objection. Either
the Senate or the House may retire; for we
might meet with the Senate in the Senate
Chamber if it were thought best. The object
of the rule is that the two bodies should sep-
arate and each deliberate separately. But their
determination is to be reported to whom? To
the joint convention, to the President of the
Senate sitting in the joint convention, and
when they take form of conjoint deliberations
they determine the question. The determina-
tion of the House alone amounts to nothing ;
the determination of the Senate alone amounts
to nothing until they are brought in and be-
come theaction of the joint convention. When
they are brought in and ruled, then we act in
convention. The two bodies having deliber-
ated separately, the result is reported to the
joint convention, and we act thereupon as a
convention.
There is another point to be considered. I
said, and I repeat it—although I have been de-
nounced as "revolutionary"—that I do not
think that concurrent resolution worth the
paper it was written on. Why? For two reasons.
In the first place, it undertakes to alter the
Constitution. The Constitution provides that
