1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1857
reported by the Committee on Appropriations
Striking out the appropriation for the comple-
tion of a bridge over the Dakota river; and
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, when that amendment was first reached,
stated that the reason of the amendment pro-
posed by the committee was that the commit-
tee had no information where or what this
bridge was or why any such appropriation was
needed.
A year ago a bill was reported by myself
from the Committee on Territories, which I
have before me, providing—
" That so much of the unexpended balance of an
appropriation made March 3,1865, for the construc-
tion of certain wagon-roads in the Territory of Da-
kota as shall not exceed the sum of $6,500 bo, and the
same is hereby, applied to the completion of tho
bridge over the Dakota river on the line of the Gov-
ernment load leading from Sioux City, in the State
of Iowa, to the moufh of the Cheyenne river, in
Dakota Territory."
That bill, as reported from the Committee
on Territories, applied so much of an unex-
pended balance of $11,600 as might be neces-
sary to the completion of the bridge, and on
the motion of the Seriator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] the appropriation was limited as
it stands in the bill to $6,500, against my
remonstrance, I then stating that I did not
believe that sum would be sufficient; but the
limitation was inserted by the Senate, and the
Delegate from the Territory, rather than risk
the bill at that time, took it as it was with the
intention, if it proved insufficient, to ask for a
further appropriation. He called upon me a
few days since and stated that the amount had
been expended and it would require about one
thousand dollars more, and it would be upon
one of the appropriation bills, and asked me to
look at it when it came in. I had not observed
it until my attention was called to it by the
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions. This is undoubtedly the appropriation
referred to.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. STEWART. I offer an amendment, to
come in after line five hundred and four :
For continuing the collection ofstatistics_of mines
and mining by Professor It. W. Raymond, $10,000, to
be expended under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury; and the sum of $2,500 appropriated for
said purpose by the act of July 20,1868, shall be trans-
ferred by the Commissioner ot the General Land Office
to the Treasury Department, to be expended as pro-
vided in said act.
The amendment was agreed to.
AKMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. "WILSON submitted the following re-
port :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on tho bill of the House No.
1803 being an act making appropriations for the
'support of the Army for the year ending June 30,
1870, and for other purposes, having met, after full
and free conference have agreed to recommend, and
do recommend to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their sixth, eighth,
and sixteenth amendments. .
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first, sccond, third, fourth, fifth, seventh, tenth,
eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, and fourteeuth amend-
ments of the Senate and concur in the said amend-
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the ninth, amendment, of the Senate and concur in
the same. with, the following amendment, namely,
strikeout" eight" and insert '/six and one half;" and
that the Senate agree to the same.
That tho Housd recede from their disagreement to
the fifteenth amendment of the Senate and agree to
tho same, with the following two amendments,
l?Strike out the first twelve lines and insert in lieu
thereof tho following:
. Skc. —. And be it further enacted, That there shall
"be no new commissions, no promotions, and no en-
listments in any infantry regiment until the total
number of infantry regiments is reduced to twenty-
five; and the Secretary of War is hereby directed to
"Consolidate the infantry regiments as rapidly as the
requirements of the public service and the reduction
of the number of officers will permit.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That no appoint-
ments of brigadier generals shall be made until the
number is reduced to eight, and thereafter there
shall be but eight brigadier generals in the Army.
2. Striko out all after and including line fifteen
down to and including line twenty-one of the said
fifteenth amendment of the Senate.
And that the Senate agree to the said amend-
ments.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventeenth amendment of the Senate and con-
40th Cong. 3d Sbss.—No. 117.
cur in the same, with the following amendment, to :
wit: strikeout all after the word "enacted," inline
one, and insert; "brevetrank shall not entitle an
officer to precedonce or command exeept by special
assignment of the President, but such assignment
shall not entitle any officer to additional pay or allow-
ances;" and that the Senate agree to the same.
HENRY WILSON,
JOHN CONNESS,
W. SPRAGUE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
J. A. GARFIELD,
J. G. BLAINE,
G. M. DODGE,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask to have again read
the provision in reference to the number of
brigadier generals.
The Secretary read the section.
Mr. CONKLING-. I submit to the chair-
man of the committee that that language is
repugnant. There is to be no appointment
made until the number is reduced to eight and
thereafter there shall be only eight. When it
is reduced to eight the first appointment would
make it nine. I am not sure what would be
the construction of such a provision.
Mr. CONNESS. I was a member of the
conference committee. There is evidently a
word left out. " Less than eight" is the lan-
guage intended to be used; and that being in-
serted and corrected in the House will make
it right.
Mr. CONKLING. We had better change
it now.
Mr. CONNESS. They are going to change
it. It is a mere clerical error.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The report had better
be withdrawn and have it corrected.
Mr. CONNESS. The committee are all
present.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The House committee
are not present.
Mr. CONNESS. When it goes to the House
it can be corrected there also.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the report.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest that it had
better lie over informally until the correction
can be made and the managers on the part of
each House assent to it. They can do it in a
few minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
passed over if there be no objection.
Mr. WILSON subsequently submitted the
report corrected by the insertion of the words
"less than" before " eight."
The report was concurred in.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(H. R. No. 2007) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1870, is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. THAYER. I sabmitan amendment to
come in after line five hundred and thirty-one :
For the purchase of a site at Omaha, Nebraska,
and for the erection upon the same of a building for
a post office, the Federal courts, and Federal ofhees,
$25,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was put into another
bill.
Mr. THAYER. It was put on the deficiency
bill by the Senate, but it is now stricken out
because that bill is for deficiencies alone.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The deficiency bill has
not been finally closed.
Mr. THAYER. But this item has been
stricken out of that bill, and I move it on this.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But it passed the Senate
on the other bill.
Mr. THAYER. Yes, sir; but the conference
committee have stricken it out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The conference com-
mittee have not reported yet.
Mr. THAYER. I have just had th conforma-
tion from the members of the committee that
that amendment is stricken out.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I have no objection to
it, but I do not think we should appropriate it
in both places.
Mr. THAYER. The committee of confer-
ence are in session, and I went to them and
they told me they had agreed that the Senate
should recede from the amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. That is not in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I did riot know
that my friend from Nebraska was going to put
this item on this bill. If there is any idea of
ever getting this bill concluded I think I shall
have to observe some order. It is now twelve
o'clock at night and this bill has to go to a
committee of conference. If the Senate is to
continue to load down this bill between now
and sunrise to-morrow morning we shall cer-
tainly have to abandon the whole bill. My
friend from Nebraska must see that I cannot
allow this amendment to go on.
Mr. THAYER. I am obliged to state that
it was by the advice of the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations that I offered
this item as an amendment to this bill. I con-
sulted him yesterday on the subject.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My friend must
certainly be mistaken about^ it. This is the
first intimation I have had of it. It was on the
other bill.
Mr. THAYER. I consulted with the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations about
it. It has been before the Committee on Ap-
propriations for a week, having been reported
from the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads by my friend from Minnesota, the chair-
man of that committee. I have complied with
every rule of the Senate. I have consulted the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
twice orthree times, and he himself suggested—
he will pardon me, he has forgotten it—that I
might move it on the miscellaneous bill. I
unintentionally moved it on tho deficiency bill
when I ought not to have done so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 suppose the
honorable Senator means to say that he con-
sulted me about which bill he should move it
on and I advised him to move it on this ; but
he really moved it on the other. He does not
mean to say that after he moved it on the other
I advised him to move it on this ?
Mr. THAYER. Not at all, because it was
not necessary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Having moved
it on that, and having carried it on that, the
misfortune of my honorable friend's case is
that he finally lost it.
Mr. CONNESS. And he brings it forward
here again.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senate
think it a prudent thing for me not to raise
questions of order and to allow any gentleman
to put on anything he pleases at this late hour,
be it so. If it meets the general sense of the
Senate that I shall not raise the objection it is
better, perhaps, to rescind all rules. 1 do not
wish to stand here against the general sense of
the Senate. I am advised by the Senator lrom
North Carolina that if this proposition goes on
he has an amendment of a similar character
to move for his State.
Mr. ABBOTT. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senator from
cl) r&skft 
Mr. CONNESS. The difficulty about this
point seems to me to be that it can hardly^be
right to offer this amendment here, it having
been adopted heretofore on another bill and
then lost in the conference. Its rejection in a
conference, if it has been rejected there, is a
rejection by both Houses. Now, is it proposed
to go on offering these amendments to every
bill that shall be pending after both bodies
have rejected them? I do not see where we
are to end if we go on in this way. 1 hope we
shall take a vote. , .
Mr. ABBOTT. I send to the Chair an
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. THAYER. I hope the Senator will not
load down my amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment to the amendment will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Abbott, which was to add to the amendment
of Mr, T8AYER:
Far oaurt-house. custom-house, and post offiee at
■\yUmington, North Carolina.$50,000: Provided, That
