iroe
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February II,
the vote Of a! States shall be counted; and we
havener right in any way to abridge, alter, or
strnettd that provision. Same of my friends ask
jnst.liere, " Wby, then, did you vote that the
Vote of the State of Georgia should not be
counted 1" Because I held that it was no vote ;
that it was not' the'expression of the will of the
people' of any State ; that Georgia was not a
State "within the meaning of the Constitution,
and had. not Voted according to the constitu-
tional requirement. For I agree with thegen-
tleifen from Ohio [Mr. Siiellabatcger] that
by all falHfitendment of law it is as necessary
for the electoral colleges to assemble and vote
on the same' day appointed by law as it is that
the people' who elect them should vote on the
dayfixed by the Constitution. As great evils
would follow the omission of the one require-
ment a's the other. We cannot by concurrent
resolution of the two Houses alter the day on
which the electors shall meet, that being fixed
bj law as well as the intendment of the Con-
stitution. Certainly we cannot by such reso-
lution alter the Constitution. We ought not
if we could, and we could not if we would.
Again, we cannot, by concurrent resolution,
say before- the meeting of the joint conven-
tion which'votes shall and which shall not be
Botmtecf, because in so doing we arrogat e to
"Ourselves a duty and a right which the Con-
gtitutibn 'has given to the two Houses acting
together, and which cannot be exercised except
when sitting as component parts of a joint
convention.
[Here the hammer fell. J
Sir. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Looax] will
give me a little more time.
Mr. LOGAN. I give the gentleman ten
minutes longer.
■ Mr. BUTLER, ofMassachusetts. Itis pretty
fcafd, Mr. Speaker, to argue a great question
of constitutional law with one foot in the
Stirrup, but I will go on as well as I may.
' Mr. LOGAN. J will give the gentleman
fifteen minutes. That will make half an hour
altogether.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
'mean to question the courtesy of my friend ;
I am very grateful for it. I am only stating
how I am embarrassed by the limitation of time
in the discussion of a great question like this.
Now, that being the state of the law if I am
tight in the argument we stand here. When
yre come together wc must have some means
<>f conducting our business. How are we to
get out'of convention whet) we have once as-
sembled? The first question is whether we
have the means. Suppose the Senate do not
choose to leave, may we not adjourn? If we
cannot they may keep us here always. Do
they have any more right, if wo give them the
use of our seats, than if they gave us the use
of,their seats? If we get in there, can we
stick, and can they not get rid of us if they
desire to deliberate? Can they come in here
and stick if we act here as two bodies and both
desire to adjourn at one time ? Shall we have
the yeas and nays called in both Houses here
together at one time? Clearly not. Yet we
must have equal rights. We are coequal—no,
I deny that (act in the broadest sense; for
there is no power the equal to that of the Rep-
resentatives of the people when assembled in
legislative capacity. That is higher than all.
Is it possible that the Senate have the right to
go into the Senate Chamber and determine an
objection taken or a motion made and determ-
ined in the course of a joint business by a
coequal branch of this Government and co-
equal branch of the convention is out of order
and shall not be entertained, and then can
come here and force that upon us? Can
that be the wisdom of our lathers as expressed
IP, . e "-onstitution, or, as the gentleman from
Umo [ilr. Bingham] more eloquently might
have said, "the gathered wisdom of a thSu i
sand years Can it be that the Constitution I
provides no better than that for the transac-
tion of so grave business? When wo h-tve :
the power ive have the right. ■ I
Mr. LOGAN. I understand that a rule of
the House was made that at half past four we
should adjourn to meet at half past seven this
evening. I was not aware of that fact, and in-
asmuch as the time of the gentleman from
Massachusetts will bring us down to that time,
I move that we shall dispense with the rule
for a session this evening.
Objection was made.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me for a question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
to the gentleman, as he always puts his ques-
tions as a scholar and a gentleman seeking for
the truth. I wish I could say as much of
everybody putting questions.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I thank the gen-
tleman for his kindness, and my only object is
to get at the interpretation of the law, and in
that respect I desire to have the benefit of the
gentleman's learning. What I stated about
this joint rule was that, if the construction I
put upon it was the correct one, then, in my
judgment, it was unconstitutional. As I un-
derstood the construction put upon the rule,
and which, if it be the true construction, I
maintain the rule is unconstitutional, is that
every vote of a State could be' objected to,
and on that question the rule required that
each House should act separately and not try
it in any other way. Then it provided that
unless they agreed separately to the same
thing the vote of the State objected to should
not be counted. If that were a coirect inter-
pretation it would be in the power of either
House to throw out the vote of any State, and
to decide that that vote could not be counted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
answer the question of the gentleman which
he has so clearly and properly put. This is it:
the two House's may determine each for itself
separately, but they must come into joint con-
vention and make that determination of the
convention just precisely as a jury may retire
from court and deliberate on their verdict and
make it up, but it has no validity until after it
has been declared in the court. The rule says
that the deliberation must be done separately,
but the Constitution compels joint action in
counting the votes, so that the final action must
be when the Houses are together, however they
may have settled what that action shall be. The
deliberation is to be done separately and the
decision is to be made jointly. Now, let me
examine the concurrent resolution a little fur-
ther. Suppose the power is given to the two
Houses by the Constitution to count the votes
in convention—and I wish to call the attention
of the House to it, for it is vital—can that power
be regulated and put in execution through the
means of a concurrent resolution? I now
mean a concurrent resolution not approved
bv the President, and therefore I answer the
whole argument of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] if that argument can be called
where argument is not, when he declares in
such brilliant sentences that proposition is rev-
olutionary because it contravenes the law, and
this resolution is the law.
There is no law made by the Congress of the
United States except made by the Senate and
by the House and approved by the President,,
or passed over his veto. The Constitution
vested in Congress the power by law to carry
out all the powers vested in any branch of the
Government necessary to carry out the pro-
visions of that Constitution, and not by con-
current resolutions, not by joint resolutions of
the two Hous'es only, but by an act in which
both Houses concur and -which receives the
approval ol the President, or which, not receiv-
ing his approval, is passed over his veto by two
thirds of both branches. Therefore that con-
current resolution had not any power h'ere.
But it has been supposed that this resolution
has someihingpersonal to the Presiding Officer
01" lie Senate.
Now, let me here say—and I say it in ail
directnessand sincerity—there is no man in this
nation who has a higher appreciation, are great j
love, or more faith and confidence in thePres- I
ident of the Senate, a gentleman who is known
all over the country by the endearing name
of honest old Ben Wade, than I have. That
man, standing there yesterday, of himself an<3
from himself would never take away the rights
of this House nor those of a single human
being. But it was because he was acting under
a pernicious resolution deciding for us a point
of order, which was passed, how and by whom
parliamentary courtesy will not allow me to say,
and as the mouth-piece of those who passed
and who are encroaching upon the rights and
privileges of this House day by day. Mem-
bers of the House of Representatives, do you
know that to-day the Senate of the United
States have entertained a resolution to censure
a majority of your members for what was done
in this House yesterday? I think this would
be a good time to pass it, that, we might be
aroused to the danger that the country is in of
being governed by an oligarchy. The Senate
have entertained such a resolution, as I am
informed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does the gentleman
think that to be any worse than for the House
yesterday to entertain a resolution of censure
of the Senate?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am by
no means proposing to censure the Senate. 1
am maintaining the rights and privileges of this
House, of the Representatives of the people,
which were invaded here by the action done
yesterday. I mean to say I do not believe Mr.
Wade did it for and of himself. He was the
mouth-piece of somebody, and parliamentary
courtesy forbids me saying what, and I do not
say it.
Now, then, havingdetermined whatourrights
are, I want to come directly to the resolutions
which I have modified so that I hardly think
they can be objected to by anybody, and yet gives
up 110 right. I send them to the Chair and ask
the Clerk to read them.
The Clerk read the modified resolutions, as
follows :
Resolved, That the House protests against the
manner of procedure find the order of the President
of the Senato pro tempore, in presence of the two
Mouses, in counting the vote of Georgia in obedience
to the order of the Senate only, and against his acts
dissolving the convention and the two Houses at his
own will as an invasion of the rights and privileges
of this House.
_ Resolved, Ihattho above resolution be, and hereby
is, referred to a solect committee of five, with leave
to report at any time, and report by biil or other-
wise.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Now, Mr.
Speaker, what exactly is the proposition before
the House? It is a resolution declaring that
in out' judgment our privileges were so much
interfered with by what was done in the con-
vention yesterday that we protest against such
action, and ought to examine into it, and that
we will refer it to a committee for that purpose.
That is all there is of the proposition. Now,
what is there in it to complain of that gentle-
men should have attacked me so vehemently?
My friendfrom Ohio [Mr. Shellabakgek]
says this Houso has no privilege of any kind
in that convention save to sit by as witnesses.
If that is so, then the resolution is wrong and
useless. I agree we must stand on that or stand
nowhere, because the Senate, by the act of the
Presiding Officer, has treated us exactly as
though we had no privileges. Therefore it is a
logical conclusion, a fair and just conclusion
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sdellabau-
Ger] that we had no privilege here. He must
come to that to sustain the action of the Sen-
ate and its officer yesterday.
Now, I insist that we have high privileges as
a portion of that convention, and they were
given us for a great and useful purpose, and
therefore I insist on this motion in order that
heieafter, with a divided country, a divided
vote lor President, we may not lrave anarchy
and civil war. I insist that we have rights and
privileges here of the highest import, and that we
shou.tl send this matter to a committee to ascer-
tain and declare them and propose some legisla-
tion on the subjectwhich mayinthe futureaven
danger from the country. And in that I am
