1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1859
to recommend, and do recommend to their respective
Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 14. 15, 16, 17, 18, 29, 34, 35, 36, 40, 41, 43, 44,
45, 65, 71, 75, 76, 77, 78, 84, arid 90.
That the lloubo of Repiebentatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Senate
numbered 1, 2, 3. 8.10 12,13.19, 20. 21, 22, 23, 30, 32,
33, 37, 38, 39, 46, 47,48, 49, 50, 51, 52, 53, 54, 55, 56, 57,58.
59, 60, 61. 62, 63, 64, 66,67, 68, 73, 79, 85, 86, and 89, and
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fourth amendment of the Senate and agree to
the eame with an amendment, as follows: strike out
of said amendment the words "one thousand dol-
lars" and insert in lieu the following words: "ten
dollars' worth for eacn member, seven hundred and
forty dollars;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from tneir disagreement to
the fifth amendment of the Senate and agree to the
same wich an amendment, as follows: strike oat of
said amendment ibe words " two thousand (Jollars"
and insert in heu the following words: "ten dollars'
worth for each member and JDelogate, twenty-two
hundred and sixty dollars;" and the Senate agree to
the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixth amendment ot the Senate and agree to the
same with an amendment, as follows: in line three
of said amendment strikeout the word "eleven"
and insert in lieu the word "five;" and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their seventh amend-
ment, and on page 10, line fifteen of the bill, strike
out the word "five;" and the House agree to the
same as so modified.
That the Senate recede from their eleventh amend-
ment, and on page 11, line twenty-five of the bill,
strike out the word "legislative;" and the House
agree to the same as so modified.
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 24, 25, 26, 27, and 28; and on page 17 of the
bill stiike out all alter the word " dollars," in line
twenty, down to and including the word "classes,"
in line twenty-live.
That tUe House recede from their disagreement to
the thirty-first amendment of the Senate and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: alter the
word " dol lars," in line tb irteen, on page 20 of the bill,
add the following: "Provided, That the Commissioner
ot Interna! Revenue shall make a detailed report to
"Congress of the expenditure of this appropriation at
the next December session, to whom paid, howinuch
to each, and lor what purpose, giving the items of
each payment and the number of employes: and here-
after the said Commissioner shall estimate m detail
by collection districts the expense of assessing and
ttie expense of the collection of internal revenue."
That the Senate recede from their forty-second
amendment, and that the word " and " contained in
said amendment be stricken out and the word " at"
substituted in lieu thereof.
That tho House recede from their disagreement to
the sixty-ninth amendment a^d agree to the same
with an amendment, as follows: in lieu of said
amendment insert " sixty-eight thousand five;" and
the Senate agree to the the same.
That the House recede from J heir disagreement
to the seventieth amendment and agree to the same i
with an amendment, as iollows: strike out of said
amendment the words "one thousand" andinsertm
lieu "seven hundied and twenty;" and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventy-second amendment of the Senate and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows:
strike out of said amendment the words " seven thou-
sand five hundred "and insert in heu " fifteen thou-
sand and the Senate agree to the same.
Ttiat the House rceedc from their disagreement to
the seventy-toiuth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment as loilows:
strike out of said amendment the word "fifteen"
and insert in lieu the word "tcu;" and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eightieth amendment of the Senate and agree to
the same, with an amendment,as follows: strikeout
of ?aid amendment " twenty-five thousand two hun-
dred" and in^eit "twenty thousand;" and at the
end of line fourteen, page 42 of the billf add tho fol-
lowing wurdt*: " Provided. Tiiathereatterthesalaries
of the cleiks and messengers employedin this othee
shall not exceed the sum herewith appropriated."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighty-first, amendment ot the Senate and agtee
to the same with an amendment, as follows: stnke
out the words pi opo«?cd to be inserted by said amend-
ment, and insert m lieu "ninety thousand;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
ihat the House recede fr«i their di?agre<?ment to
theeighty-second amendment of the Senate and agi ee
to the same with an amendment, a< follows: strike
put of said amendment the words " twenty-four" and
insert " twenty;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighty-third amendment of tho Senate and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: strike
out of said amendment the word " ten," and insert
the word " eight;" and the Senate agree to the same.
Ihat the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighty-seventh amendment of the Senate and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows:
Strike out of said amendment the word "seven " and
insert "five."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eights'-eighth amendment nf the Senate and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: strike
*Jie WOlt-ls " fourteen thousand eight hundied and
iifty and insert " ten thousand."
Ihat the House reoede from their disagreement to
the ninety-first amendment of the Senate and agree
to the same with-an amendment, as follows: in line
six of said amendment, after the word "Depart-
ments, insert the following words: "the number
or clerks in tneir several Departments, the number
employed therein during the preceding fiscal year,
when employed, and when discharged, and the
amount of compensation received by each "
L. M. MORKILL,
TIMOTHY 0. HOWE.
Manager* on the part of the Senate.
BENJAMIN F. BUTLER,
W.H.KELSEY. '
CttARLES E.PHELPS.
Managers on the part of the House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Thayer
in the chair.) The question is on concurring
in the report of the committee of conference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
what disposition that makes of the provision
as to the compensation of female clerks?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It leaves it as
it was before.
Mr. POMEROY. As the Senate agreed to
it, or the House ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It does not
change the compensation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate and the
House both agreed to do that. The committee
then, I understand, has stricken out what both
Houses agreed to. I do not think the com-
mittee had any authority to do that. Both
Houses agreed that the compensation of the
females employed in the Departments should
be the same as that of males for like service.
The bill came from the House in that shape,
and to some extent the Senate amended and
enlarged it; and now, I understand, a com-
mittee of conference has struck it out entirely.
I should like to know what authority a com-
mittee of conference has to strike from a bill
what both Houses have agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But the Senator
does not state the proposition accurately. The
House and the Senate were not agreed on the
proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They were both agreed
to raise the compensation to some extent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir; they
were not agreed upon any one point as to what
they would do. It was that disagreement on
which we were to confer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have the bill before me
here as it passed the House. It declares that—
"The compensation of the female clerks authorized
by this section shall be the same as clerks of the first
class."
The Senate amended that by declaring that
the female clerks, copyists, and counters should
have the compensation of clerks of the first
class. It put in " copyists and counters.''
Mr. CONNESS. But it did not say they
should have the compensation of clerks of the
first class.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment at one
time as proposed did. I am not sure that I
have the very words that were adopted.
Mr. CONNESS. I can state the substance
of the Senate amendment very readily. I think.
The Senate amended that provision so that
when a female was employed as a clerk of any
class she should receive the same compensa-
tion that a male clerk of that class received. |
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That was the ■
proposition. _ i
Mr. CONNESS. And in addition to that it
provided that copyists and counters, being te- ,
males, when they took the place of copyists and !
counters who were males, and received a higher :
compensation than the copyists and counters i
now did, they should receive that higher com- j
pensation. That was what the Senate did.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. All I intended i
to say was that the House and the Senate were j
disagreed on the question of compensation ; .
and having so disagreed the committee of con-
ference could not agree, and so recommend
striking out the proposition entirely.
Mr. CONNESS. Of course we are sorry
that the ladies are stricken out.
Mr.TRUMBU LL. There was nothing clearer
than the proposition of both the House and the
Senate to place females on the same footing
with males to some extent. Both Houses were
in favor of that; and the committee have struck
it out. I think it is defeating the will of the
two Houses; and I trust the report will not be
agreed to ; but that the bill will be sent to En-
other committee of conference for the purpose
of correcting this report in that respect which
misrepresents both Houses.
Mr. STEWART. I think it would be very-
well if this report were not agreed to. I think
the very best provision of the bill has been left
out the committee.
Mr. CONNESS. What was that?
Mr. STEWART. That was a provision to
place the business men, bankers, miners, and
people of the United States, with regard to re-
fining and parting gold, to some extent on as
good a basis as they are in England and France,
so as to give them a chance to compete with
foreign countries in that regard. There are a
few persons, exporters of bullion, who want
to buy it cheap in the mines, thereby working
as a tax upon tne miners, who are opposed to
this proposition and who want to put restric-
tions upon the business of the country. They
are loading the Mint unnecessarily with busi-
ness that does not belong to it, of parting and
refining. For two years the Director of the
Mint and the Secretary of the Treasury have
urged a reform in this particular. The Senate
placed it as an amendment on this bill. Last
year it was passed by the House and stricken
out by the Senate. Now the Senate pass it and
this committee has left it out. I believe that
a new committee would certainly retain it, and
as we are getting along pret'y well with our
bills, I think we had better have a new com-
mittee of conference on this bill to consider
those two items.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the two Honses,
in the phraseology of the amendment with re-
gard to the compensation of female clerks, did
not precisely agree, but I think they did agree
substantially: that is, they agreed to raise some
class of the clerks. The House agreed to it,
and we agreed to it and made some additions.
I am surprised at this report of the committee
of conference, because that proposition was not
resisted in the Senate. No member of this
committee and hardly any member of the Senate
objected to what the Senate agreed to, which
was not only all that the House had agreed to
but something more. I confess to great dis-
appointment with this report. I make 110 par-
ticular hobby of this question. There is a point
in it that I think every Senator ought to insist
upon, and that is that equal and exact justice
should be dealt out to all persons in the employ
of the Government. I cannot reconcile myself
to any other course of procedure. I cannot con-
ceive how Senators can content themselves to
discriminate unfavorably against one class of
persons employed in the public service. Because
it has been an old custom is no justification of it.
Because this class of labor is cheap from a
necessity, and from a custom that has existed
of not paying females half as much as males
for the same labor, it cannot be justified 011 any
ground of precedent. I confess I would rather
have another committee of conference than
agree to this report.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My friend must
consider that if this bill goes to another con-
ference it may as well go over until the next
session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all; only two
items have to go there.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It will beutterly
impracticable to enroll this bill in time if you
send it to another committee.
Mr. HOWE. And it opens the whole of it,
every disagreement.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It opens the
whole of it, of course.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course it is well
understood in this body that if we disagree to
this report it is only in reference to two or
three items. The others can be agreed upon
in a moment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senate
should understand that we have ono hundred
and four amendments 011 the bill, and if it is
left open it is open as to the whole of them.
