1860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. TRUMBULL. As to time the Senate
need, not be misled, as I think it would be if
it acted on the suggestion of the Senator from
Maine. There are over one hundred amend-
ments to the bill. There is no objection made
in the Senate to the report of the committee
of conference upon more than two of them, I
think.
Mr. STEWART. That is all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, if a new commit-
tee is appointed what will that new committee
on the part of the Senate say ? They will say
at once to the conferees on the part of the
House, "We agree to all the report of the
former committee of conference except as to
two items.1'
Mr. SPRAGUE. Suppose the House con-
ferees do not agree to it ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If you assume that the
House is ready to agree to take the whole of
this report certainly they will agree to all of it
but two items, and those will be the only mat-
ters in dispute. If the House disagree to the
report then it throws it all open, of course, if
they disagree on the whole substance of the
report. We shall gain nothing by adopting the
report here if the House disagree to it. Bat
we are acting for the Seriate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator's
argument is on the assumption that a new com-
mittee of conference would think precisely like
the present one on all subjects except as to
those two.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedlytheywould
after the Senate disagreed to it for specific
reasons.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senate
so instruct undoubtedly, but the Senate do not
propose so to instruct.
Mr, TRUMBCJLL. I think it would be tan-
tamount to an instruction. I should so regard
it if I was on the committee of conference, and
I think the Senator from Maine would.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
must understand that when this goes back to
the House the House may wish to disagree for
entirely differen t reasons, and that is altogether
probable when it is considered that out of one
hundred and four amendments a great many
of them, I will say to the Senator, are matters
of comproml-se.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have already replied
to that. The House will either agree to this
report of the committee of conference or it
will not agree. If it does not agree to it our
agreeing to it amounts to nothing. If the
House does agree to this report of the com-
mittee of conference then it is willing to take
one hundred amendments that have been
agreed upon between the two Houses, and the
question will be open as to the others. There
can be no difficulty about it if there is a dispo-
sition on the part of the Senate to carry out
what the Senate deliberately voted; and if there
is a disposition on the part of the House to
carry out what the House deliberately voted,
which disposition by the action of the com-
mittee of conference has been thwarted, there
can be no difficulty in having another commit-
tee and putting this as the two Houses intended
it should be.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
ator whether, as a matter of fact, if it goes to
a new conference the whole subject-matter is
not open to them?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have said that it would
be and they could consider it unless the Houses
instructed them; but I have said that when the
action of the Senate, which its committee would
bear in mind; was taken into consideration no
committee of conference would be justified,
when only two of the recommendations were
objected to in the Senate, in opening the whole
subject.
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But the Senator
assuming that the Senate is satisfied with
all the other amendments, when as a matter
fit fact 
Mr.. TRUMBULL. I should assume it if
 o objection be made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Whenas&matter
of fact the other amendments have not been
brought to the consideration of the Senate par-
ticularly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If nobody objects they
are acquiesced in.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not agree entirely
with the Senator from Illinois in his view of
this case, that there was any agreement be-
tween the two Houses on this proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not in detail, I admit.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not think the prop-
ositions of the two Houses were essentially
alike. I do not differ from him upon the ques-
tion itself. I should like to have the Senate
amendment sustained, and I will vote with him
against the report with a view to that end ; but
I could not put my vote upon the ground that
the conference committee had violated their
duty in the course they have taken, because I
think they have disposed of a proposition upon
which the Houses did not agree at all. But I
incline to think that they might have agreed
if they had made an effort on that proposi-
tion, because the House has shown a disposi-
tion to advance the salaries of the female clerks
of the higher class; that is, of the more merit-
orious class as to labor and capacity; and the
Senate have shown a like disposition, though
they did not at all come near each other in
their efforts to attain that end. I could wish,
and do wish, th^t we may have another con-
ference—I think there is time enough for that—
with a view of expressing the position of the
Senate more clearly, and with a view of doing,
as I think, a palpable justice to persons who
deserve it at our hands, who have no repre-
sentation here except in us. 1 do think that
of all the meanness that this Government is
guilty of now there is not one more despicable
than the refusal to pay a talented woman the
same compensation for doing the same work
and doing it as well as a man can do it. I call
it despicable.
Mr. CORBETT. As I understand this dis-
agreement, the House were willing to raise the
compensation of a certain class of clerks. The
Senate added to it the copyists and counters,
who constitute a very much larger number.
When it went to a conference I suppose the
House conferees were not willing to include
all the female clerks, which brought in quite a
large number, some hundreds, and therefore to'
dispose of the case the committee had to strike
out the whole thing. The Senate wished to
raise the compensation of all the females em-
ployes, and the House only a few ; and for that
reason they could not agree, and therefore
they disposed of the question by striking it out
entirely. It seems to me that that was entirely
within the province of the committee.
Mr. COLE. Wehavequite anumberofhours
yet before the end of the session, and therefore I
shall not hesitate to vote in favor of referring
this bill to anew conference committee. I sup-
pose if there are only two subjects with which
Senators are dissatisfied those two subjects only
would be reconsidered by a conference com-
mittee that may be appointed. The one which
relates more particularly to the Pacific coast
I regard as of very great importance. I allude
to the amendment relating to the refining of
gold, a matter that has been recommended by
the Secretary of the Treasury, and which is
essential for the benefit of the industrial popu-
lation of that region of the United States. The
committee of conference have seen fit, on the
opposition of persons living in the city of New
York, and perhaps of Boston, to strike it out.
It is a matter of economy to the Government;
its aim is economy to the Government, and
the adoption of it would save to the Govern-
ment forty or fifty thousand dollars a year.
Unless the proposition is adopted the appro-
priations for carrying on the branch mint at
San Francisco as reported in the bill are cer-
tainly inadequate.
Mr. HOWE. What is the authority of the
Senator from California for saying that that
amendment was stricken out under the influ-
ence of opposition from persons diving in New
York and Boston?
Mr. COLE. It is improper, of course, to
mention the names of members of the House
here; but the Senator will remember that a
member of the House from the city of New
York was sent for and came into the commit-
tee and entered his protest and left a threat
that the bill would be defeated in the House
unless that was stricken out. That is my
authority so far as that goes. I will not refer
to a particular member of the conference.
Mr. HOWE. I beg leave to say that I do
remember that there was a member of the
House before the committee. I did not know
that he was sent for. I do not know that he
was not.
Mr. COLE. I know he was.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know that he made
such a threat. I did not hear it,
Mr. COLE. I did.
Mr. HOWE. But if there was a member of
the House who was opposed to that amend-
ment there, there were two members of the
Senate before the committee who were in favor
of it.
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir; that is very true, and
those two members were from the Pacific coast
who were representing the interests oftheir con-
'stituents, or supposed they were. The opposi-
tion to it, I believe, has its origin in foreign
influence, and fox that reason more particularly
we were anxious for it. We believe it to be a
measure essential to our own people, and par-
ticularly those who are engaged m the hardy
pursuit of mining. The opposition comes from
those who are engaged in the business of
exporting the raw material, so to speak, or im-
parted work. I am in favor of the recommit-
ment of this bill to another committee of con-
ference, that these two subjects may be again
considered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think this report ought
to be concurred in. If the bill is to become a
law we had better agree tp the report. So far
as the pay of female clerks is concerned, I think
that was a matter entirely within the power of
the committee. I think the compensation of
the ladies in the Departments is very handsome
indeed as it is, and we had better adopt this
report and go on with our business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is plenty of time.
We have got to meet to-morrow morning, and
there will be abundance of time to correct it if
the Senate is disposed to carry out its former
vote.
Mr. ABBOTT. I desire to say that I am in
favor of raising the pay of the female employes
in the Departments, and voted for it before;
but I shall now vote to concur in the report of
the conference committee, so as to get this
matter closed up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have plenty of time
to close it up. .
Mr. ABBOTT. We can fix that matter at
some other time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think it best to
reject this report on this account, entirely in-
dependent of the question whether these par-
ticular ladies' salaries ought to be raised. The
truth is the whole Treasury Department must
be very soon reorganized and the whole ser-
vice put upon a footing entirely different from
what it is now. It-has got to be weeded out
and corrected and readjusted. I have spent a
year every odd day that I had and some that
I had not working away there to find out what
had become of the bonds and money and
securities of the Government; and I have be-
come pretty familiar with the way things go in
that Department; and without doing injustice
to anybody by singling out specimens I will
tell the Senate the result upon my mind and
upon the minds of my associates who worked
there with me. It is a very bad policy to begin
to tinker with the salaries there at this moment,
any part at a time or all at a time, until we shall
take up, on a bill devoted to that exclusive pur-
pose, the whole subject and reorganize it The
public service calls for it most decidedly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the report of the com-
mittee of conference on this bill.
