1108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February II,
The second amendment is as follows :
The qualified electors of the United States shall,
on such day as the Congress may by law n ppomt, meet
io their respective States at the usual places of hold-
i'ng elections and vote by ballot for President and
Vice President of the United States, one of whom
shall not bo an inhabitant of the same State with
''rifeLegislatures of the several States shall be in
session on or before the second Tuesday in January
next succeeding such election, &nd shall in such man-
ner as the Congress may by law direct, canvass the
returns of the election for President and Vice Presi-
dent in said State, and divide the whole number of
votes oast by the number of Senators and Represent-
atives to which such State may be entitled in Con-
gress. and the product of such division, rejecting
fractions, shall be the ratio for one elector, ihe
Legislature shall thereupon appoint the number ot
electors to which the State is entitled, taking care to
secure to each of the candidates voted for in the
State an equitable representation, as near as may
be, in theElectoral College, as indicated by the num-
ber of votes returned for each candidate, and the
electors thus appointed shall vote for one of the can-
didates named for President and one of the candi-
dates named for Vice President on the ballots oast
by the'qualified electors of the Stato at tho general
election.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. By order of the House
the session of this evening is to be devoted to
the consideration of reports from the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions. No other business
is in order except by unanimous consent.
CHARLES MAINS.
Mr. LOAN, by unanimous consent, reported
back from the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and of the War of 1812, with a rec-
ommendation that the same do pass, House
bill No. 1903, granting a pension to Charles
Mains, of Tennessee.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to inscribe on the pension-
roll the name of Charles Mains, of Tennessee,
and to pay him a pension at the rate of eight
dollars per month, commencing November 1,
1868.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which tho bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JANE M'xMURKAY.
Mr. MILLER asked unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions and of the War of 1812 Senate
bill No. 546, for the relief of Jane McMurray.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to allow and pay to Jane MeMurray, of Car-
lisle, Pennsylvania, widow of Ezekiel McMur-
ray, a soldier of the war of 1812, a pension
at the rate of eight dollars per month, com-
mencing July 14, 1862. in lieu of the sum of
four dollars per month now received by her.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If there is a report I ask
that it may be read.
The report was read.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think this claimant
can obtain all the necessary relief under a
general law. I object to the consideration of
this bill at this time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not know that there
is any general law that will cover this case. I
would suggest that this bill be recommitted
with instructions to report a general bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to recommit the
bill, with instructions to the committee to
report a general bill on the subject.
Mr. MILLER. I withdraw the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
allow the bill to be recommitted so that we
may have ageueral bill reported on the subject.
CHARLOTTE WEBSTER.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensious, reported abdl (H. R. No. 1917)
granting a pension to Charlotte Webster, widow
of Timothy Webster, deceased; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws, the name of Char-
lotte Webster, widow of Timothy \Vebster, who
was in the secret service of the United States,
and was captured and executed by the rebels
at .Richmond in 1862, to be paid out of the
pension fund during her widowhood at the rate
of eight dollars per month.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM II. JOHNSON.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. Ii. No. 1918) to increase
the pension of William H. Johnson ; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
pension heretofore granted to William H. John-
son, late a private in the United States Navy,
shall be increased from three and a half to eight
dollars per month, and paid at that rate, to
commence on the 1st of July, 18G8; and that
the Secretary of the Interior shall be directed
to have him so entered in the Department to
be subject in all respects to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws passed in rela-
tion to the soldiers of the late war to put down
the rebellion, known as the war of 1861.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
elizabeth ,t. miller.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill No. 457, granting a
pension to Elizabeth J. Miller, widow of Gen-
eral John Miller, with the recommendation that
it do pass.
Tho bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place upon the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Elizabeth J.
Miller, widow of General John Miller, of Ken-
tucky, and to allow and pay her a pension at
the rate of thirty dollars per month, to com-
mence from the 30th day of August, 1862, and
to continue during her widowhood.
Mr. ROSS. I should like to hear the report
m that case.
The report was read, from which it appears
that tho petitioner is the widow of General
John Miller, of Kentucky, who, while render-
ing great service in oiganizing troops during
the late rebellion, raised a brigade for the
Union Army, and entered the iieid of battle
before he received his commission fiom the
President of the United States. In August,
1802, he was acting on the staff of General
Cruft, by whose order he took command of a
regiment whose field officers had been wounded,
and while so serving his country he was killed,
leaving a widow with children and grandchil-
dren without any means of support A pen-
sion was denied her under the existing laws
because he had not received his commission
when he was killed.
The bill was ordered to be read athird time ;
and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES JACKSON.
Mr. MILLEIi also, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back adversely a
bill (S. No. 423) granting a pension to James
Jackson; which was laid on the table.
SARAII A. BKIGGS.
Mr. MILLER also, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back adversely a
bill (H. R. No. 1316}) granting a pension to
Sarah A. Briggs; which was laid on the table.
MARSHALL if. SNODGRASS.
Mr. MILLER also, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back adversely the
petition of Marshall N. Snodgrass : which was
laid on the table.
"WALTER II. TINKER AND J. P. M'ELROY.
Mr. MILLER also, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back adversely a
bill (H. R. No. 634) granting a pension to
Walter H. Tinker and John P. McElroy, of
Missouri; which was laid on the table.
EDMUND W. WENDELL.
Mr. MILLER also, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No.
1919) granting back pension to Edmund W.
Wendell, of Wilkesbarre, Pennsylvania; which
was read a first and second time.
The preamble recites that Edmund W. Wen-
dell entered as a private in company I, first
regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, in the war
with Mexico, and served till the close of that
war, in 1848, when he received an honorable
discharge; that owing to disease contracted
in that service his name was, in 1854, placed
upon the pension-roll at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month ; that in November, 1862, he
raised a compauy and was commissioned as
captain of company G, one hundred and forty-
third regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, and
served in the war against the rebellion till
November 7, 1803, when he was honorably
discharged on account of disability contracted
in the Mexican war; that on application his
pension was restored, but only from February,
1808, instead of from the date of his discharge.
The bill provides that the sixth section of
the act entitled "An act relating to pensions,"
approved July 27. 1868, be, and the same is
hereby, made applicable to the case of Ed-
mund W. Wendell.
Mr. HAWKINS. I call for the reading of
the report.
The report, which states the same facts
recited in the preamble of the bill, was read.
Mr. HAWKINS. I would like the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Miller] to give
same explanation of this bill. If this man had
contracted disease in the Mexican war in 1848
liow could he be mustered into the service in
1862 unless he had been cured of the disease ?
And if he had been cured I should like to
know how he conld be mustered out of the
service of the Army of the United States in
1803 on account of that disease which had
been contracted in 1848?
On one other point I would like an explan-
ation. if he went into the service in 1862
knowing the existence of his disease, and with
that disease upon him to such an extent that
because of it he had to be discharged in a short
time from the Army, would he not, according
to all the rules regulating the granting of pen-
sions, be precluded on account of that fraud
from receiving a pension?
Mr. MILLER. It was at a time of emer-
gency, when it was necessary to raise a com-
pany, that this man entered the service. He
did it with the understanding mentioned in the
preamble to the bill. After serving a con-
siderable time it was found that his disease
increased to such an extent that he was no
longer able to discharge his duty. Then he
was discharged. He applied to the Pension
Office, and they were satisfied in regard to the
facts and restored the pension, but omitted to
allow it from the time of his discharge. He
raised a company, and but for him a great
number of the men would not have gone into
the service at. all.
Mr. WOODWARD. I can verify the state-
ment of my colleague. This man lived in the
