1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1109
town I live in. He fought bravely and faith-
fully for the Government on two occasions,
first in the Mexican, war, and again in the late
civil war, when he piobably was not fit to go
into the service. But such was his zeal to serve
the country that the officers were willing to re-
ceive him in the emergency. Owing to some
regulation in the Pension Office his name was
taken off the pension-roll. Having served the
Government in two wars he lost his pension.
This bill proposes to restore it.
Mr. HAWKINS. For what time do you
grant the pension ?
Mr. MILLER. Prom the time hewasmus-
tered out until lie was restored to the pension-
roll. Only during that interval.
Mr. HAWKINS. I supposed it was from
the time he entered the Army. I withdraw the
objection.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CATHARINE DREGER.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1920) granting a
pension to Catharine Dreger, widow of Sylves-
ter Dreger, late a private in company IT, tenth
regiment Minnesota volunteers; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of the applicant, whose husband died
at Alton, Illinois, on the 8th of November,
1864, leaving a widow and two children, one
born in 185!) and the other in 1862 ; the pen-
sion to continue during her widowhood at eight
dollars per month, commencing November 18,
1864, besides the sum allowed for the children
under sixteen ygars of age.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FRANCES HORSLEY.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the petition of various
citizens of Ripley county, Indiana, for a pen-
sion to Frances Horsley, widow of Richard
Horsley, who was killed in the Morgan raid,
Indiana.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose the objection to
granting this pension is that he was not in the
military service at the time of his death. The
proofs before the committee show that he was
in fiict in the service in Indiana, but not
attached to any company or regiment. I would
be glad to have the report read.
The report was accordingly read. It ap-
pears that on the 12th of July, 1863, he was
appointed deputy provost marshal, and was
shot by the rebel advance guards and instantly
killed, leaving a widow, and five children under
sixteen years of age. There is no evidence
that he lrad enlisted or belonged to any organi-
zation to aid in putting down the rebellion, or
that he did anything but turn out voluntarily.
Mr. HOLMAN. The cnornjous expense
referred to by the gentleman should not be
taken into account in such a case, and I am
very much surprised that the gentleman of the
Committee on Pensions should have referred
to that as a reason why a pension should not
be given to the destitute widow of a man who,
not being in the military service, turned out
to defend his State and the people of his State
from the raid of a marauder with armed troops
passing through the country.
I think that on the face of that report the
conclusion reached by the committee is very
remarkable, The report shows that this man,
with others, resisted the advance of General
Morgan, who was passing through Indiana on
his famous raid, and that while engaged in that
resistance he was killed on the 12tli of July,
1863. All that is wanting in the case is the
technical fact of liis having been enrolled into
a company and regiment in the service of the
United States. The substantial facts are there
that he was engaged in the service of the coun-
try voluntarily, that he was killed, and that he
left a destitute wife and children to languish
and pine in poverty in consequence of the pa-
triotic impulse which brought him across the
track of this rebel raider. I trust that this bill
will not be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. It is a petition, and not a
bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Well, then, inasmuch as no
bill has been reported, I shall move that the
petition be recommitted to the committee.
Mr. MILLER. I will merely say m reply
to the gentleman from Indiana that there are
very many cases of this kind, and the com-
mittee gave them serious consideration, and
concluded that under existing circumstances
we could not extend the pension laws so as to
include these persons, nor would it be expe-
dient to grant special pensions in such cases.
If we did, it would increase the pension list so
as to be very disastrous at present. Wc have
enough to do to pay more meritorious cases
than those of persons who were only called
out on an emergency.
Mr. HOLMAN". That Government is very
poor, feeble, and mean that will not provide
for the widows and orphan children of its dead
soldiers. I do not care in what manner they
may have been enrolled; if they died in the
service of the country, it is enough for me. I
move that the petition be recommitted to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
DATE OP PENSIONS.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do not pass, the object being already pro-
vided for, the bill (II. R. No. 1036) to amend
the sixth section of the act of July 4, 1864, on
the subject of pensions, so as to authorize pen-
sions to be granted in certain cases from the
date of the discharge or death of the soldier ;
and the same was laid on the table.
MARY J. STONE.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do not pass, the bill (H. R. No. 869) for the
relief of Mary J. Stone ; and the same was
laid on the table.
CATHERINE 0. CONNERS.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1021) granting a
pension to Catherine O. Conners, widow of
Timothy Conners, deceased, late a private in
company C, thirty-third regiment Massachu-
setts volunteers ; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place upon the pension-
roll the name of Catherine O. Conners, widow
of Timothy Connex-s, deceased, late a private
in company C, thirty-third Massachusetts vol-
unteers, who died 011 the 8th of December, 1864,
leaving surviving the said widow and four
minor children, and that she be paid a pension
during her widowhood of eight dollars per
month, to begin on the 8th day of November,
1864, besides the sum allowed for minor chil-
dren under the age of sixteen years under
existing laws.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM WAGNER.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee.
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do not pass, the case being provided for by
general law, the bill (H. R. No. 1440) for the
relief of William Wagner; and the same was
laid on the table.
MARY J. HUTTON,
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
also reported a bill (H. R. No. 1922) granting
a pension to Mary J. Hutton, widow of John
C. Hutton, deceased; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Mary J. Hut-
ton, widow of John C. Hutton, deceased, who
enlisted as a private in company K, third regi-
ment Delaware volunteers, and was afterward
detailed as a hospital steward, and died on
the 10th of December, 1865, leaving surviving
a widow and three children, and to pay to
Mary J. Hutton. during her widowhood, the
sum of eight dollars per month, commencing
December 10, 1865.
Mr. ROSS. I call for the reading of the
report.
The report was read, stating somewhat ia
detail the facts recited in the bill.
Mr. ROSS. There is nothing in the report
to showthatthis man died of disease contracted
while he was in the service.
Mr. MILLER. Yes, sir. 'He was regularly-
mustered into the service, and then detailed as
a nurse in a hospital.
Mr. ROSS. He became sick while in the
hospital, and died afterward.
Mr. MILLER. Yes, sir. He died of disease
contracted while he was serving in the hospital.
And it is shown that he afterward died of the
disease he thus contracted while iji this service.
He was perhaps of more value in the hospital
than he would have been in the field. He con-
tracted disease in the service of his country,
attending to the sick and wounded.
Mr. BURLEIGH. What was the disease that
he contracted?
Mr. MILLER. I ask for a vote on the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELIZABETH RADIGAN.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
also reported a bill (H. R. No. 1923) granting
a pension to Elizabeth Radigan, widow of John
Radigan, deceased, who was a private in com-
pany A, forty-ninth Pennsylvania volunteers ;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Elizabeth
Radigan, widow of John Radigan, who was a
veteran soldier in company A, forty-ninth,
Pennsylvania volunteers, and died leaving a
widow and one child, born November 18, I860,
and to pay to her during her widowhood a
pension at the rate of eight dollars per month,
commencing July 4, 1865.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN A. PARKER.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
also reported a bill l,H. R. No. 1924) granting
a pension to John A. Parker, a soldier in the
