1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1861
Mr. TRUMBULL. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays. ["No!" "Nol"1
Mr. HENDRICKS. Oh, no ; look at the
time of night.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I call for a division,
if the Senate will not give the yeas and nays.
The report was concurred in ; there being on
a division—ayes 22, noes 13.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL,
Mr. HOWE. I ask leave to make a report
from a committee of conference.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. It. No. 1911)
making appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1869, and for
other purposes, having met, after full and free con-
ference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend to their respective Houses as follows:
They recommend that the House recede from their
disagreement to the amendments of the Senate num-
bered 2, 3, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10,11, 12, 13, 14,15, 17, 22, 23, 24,
28, 29, and 30, and agree to the same.
They recommend that the Senate recede from their
amendments numbered 1, 5,16,18, 21, 26, and 27.
They recommend that the House recede from their
disagreement to the amendment of the Senate num-
bered 2s and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows: after the word "compensation" insert
"exceeding one eighth of one per cent, in any case."
They recommend that the House recede from their
disagreement to the fourth amendment of the Senate
so far only as it proposes to strike out the second
proviso in said amendment; and the Senate agree
to the same.
They recommend that the House recede from their
disagreement to the nineteenth amendment of the
Senate and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows: insert in lieu of said Senate amendment
the words " for the construction of basin and new
dock barge office at New York, $25,000."
They recommend that the House recede from their
disagreement to the twentieth amendment of the
Senate and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows: strike out the words " fifteen thousand"
and insert in lieu thereof " seven thousand five hun-
dred."
They recommend that the House recede from their
disagreement to the twenty-fifth amendment of tho
Senate and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows: insert in lieu of the words stricken out
tho words "for collecting, preparing, and printing
the proceedings at the decoration of the soldiers'
graves, under resolution ot June 22,186S, $2,000and
the Senate agree to the same.
G. W. SCOFIELD.
STEVENSON ARCHER,
WILLIAM LAWRENCE.
Managers on the part of the Home.
TIMOTHY O. HOWE,
A. H. CRAGIN,
J. W. NYE,
Managers on the pari of the Senate.
The report was concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed a reso-
lution in relation to the printing of the de-
bates of Congress after the 4th instant, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1803)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1870, and
for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1808) making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending June
30, 1870.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. II. No. 1746) for the
removal of certain disabilities from the persons
therein named, reported that having met, the
committee after full and free conference were
unable to agree.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that that bill lie
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
NATURALIZATION OF ALIENS.
Mr. FREL1NGHUY SEN. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 654, to regulate proceedings in the
naturalization of aliens; and I will state that
I make the motion for the purpose of submit-
ting a few remarks upon it if the Senate have
nothing better to do. After that is done I shall
withdraw the motion.
Several Senators. Go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,(Mr.Thayer.)
The Chair will state that the Senate came into
open session for the purpose ,of receiving a
message from the House and to act on reports
of committees of conference. What is the
pleasure of the Senate ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The doors are open.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The reporter has been
here all the time.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senate cannot pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business
and order the doors to be closed except by vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from New
Jersey is going to speak I want the doors
open.
Several Senators. .They are open.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They are closed in point
of fact.
Mr. CONNESS. The reporter is here.
Mr. WARNER. I move that the doors be
opened.
Several Senators. The doors are open.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They are not open in
point of fact.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from New Jersey is in order.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I hope the doors of the
galleries will be opened so as to make the room
more pleasant.
Mr. WARNER. I submit the question to
the Senate whether we are in executive session
or open session. We went into executive ses-
sion and there has been no order made to open
the doors.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
is in open session ; the doors will be opened.
The Senator from New Jersey is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It is now mani-
fest, Mr. President, that a measure affecting
the well-being of the whole nation andin which
the people feel a deep interest must be post-
poned to the coming Congress. Before hand-
ing over the bill "to regulate the proceedings
in the naturalization of aliens" to other hands
I ask the indulgence of the Senate to say a few
words.
The existing evil growing out of the natural-
ization law is, first, that a large and constantly
increasing fraudulent vote is in certain locali-
ties being cast, arid is defeating in many cases
the legitimate will of the people and bringing
into contempt American eitizenship^ and suf-
frage. A second vastly greater evil is that
fraudulent and counterfeit naturalization papers
are extensively used as the ready and con-
venient bribe even in the illicit use of the bal-
lot, thereby poisoning and corrupting the very
fountains and springs of national life. That
this evil exists is too patent to require proof.
It is manifest to all the people; and with laws
so loose in their enactments and in the pro-
visions for their execution it might naturally
be expected that such evils would exist. In
some of the courts having jurisdiction over this
subject sessions are continued until a late hour
in the night. No records are kept. Roughs
and bullies are admitted to the exclusion of
respectable citizens and the reporters of the
press. Large numbers of applicants for nat-
uralization are vouched for by the same wit-
nesses ; and the whole proceeding is a disgrace
to the nation. Such is the extent to which the
evil has grown that courts having no jurisdic-
tion whatever assume the high prerogative of
conferring American citizenship; and in one
instance a justice of the peace in the State of
New York issued seventeen hundred pretended
certificates of naturalization.
But the evils resulting from the abuses of
some of the courts, great as they are, lose their
importance when contrasted with those result-
ing from the manufacture, sale, and distribu-
tion by individuals of counterfeit certificates of
naturalization. In the preliminary proceedings
on an indictment in one of the courts recently
had one individual appears to have furnished
from five to seven thousand fraudulent certifi-
cates of naturalization, and there is good rea-
son to believe that there are thousands who
hold from year to year large numbers of these
certificates to be loaned at elections to those
who will use them to promote the party ends
they seek to advance.
Mr. President, better far let a law be passed
enacting that the very hour an alien places his
foot on American soil he shall be a citizen than
prostitute this great gift of American citizen-
ship into a means of bribery and corruption.
The boastful asseveration of the Roman, civis
Bomanus sum, is tame and unmeaning when
contrasted with the full meaning of the declara-
tion, "I am an American citizen." To possess
a title to that distinction, the more precious
because enjoyed and to be enjoyed by unnum-
bered millions, is the most priceless temporal
gift of God to man. You must spend days in
reflection ; you must call to your aid the annals
of history through long cycles of time; you
must hear the cry of the oppressed for ages;
you must listen to- the tumult of a thousand
battles, ending in a deeper degradation, before
you can estimate the worth of American citi-
zenship with its immunities from thralldom, its
elevating rights and privileges, and its oppor-
tunities of dignified usefulness. Contrast our
condition with that of those who live and move
and have their being in a society where civil
affairs are consigned to a pampered aristocracy,
religious affairs to the priestly officials, social
elevation to the domination of a caste, so that
it is treason and sacrilege for the individual
man to assume to be more than the food and
fuel of a society which is but a grand machine
of despotism, and by the contrast thus made
learn what it is to be an American citizen.
Here is afield of individual exertion which has
no limits excepting those imposed by God on
the original powers of the man. Here is a field
of usefulness so inviting that none but the sor-
did and besotted can decline to enter it, and
so captivating when entered that it requires a
special edict of heaven to justify a withdrawal
to retirement. If such be American citizen-
ship, heaven forbid that it should be suffered
by us to be prostituted to a mere means of
corruption.
The acts conferring all civil and political
rights on aliens are of two kinds, collective and
personal; collective, where a State or country
is incorporated with another, as, in 1803, when
Louisiana was ceded by France to the United
States, the third section of the treaty provided
that its citizens should be entitled to all the
rights and privileges of citizens of the United
States, and a similar effect was produced when
the republic of Texas was annexed to and be-
came one of the United States. So in the
reign of Queen Anne, when Scotland and Eng-
land were formed into one kingdom.
Personal naturalization in England is now
by special act of Parliament; and when, before
the adoption of the Federal Constitution, the
right of naturalization was with the States the
right of citizenship was conferred for the most
part by special acts of State legislation.
In 1787 the Federal Constitution conferred
upon Congress the power to establish auniform
rule of naturalization throughout the United
States. At the second session of the first Con-
gress, after the adoption of the Constitution, an
act authorizing naturalization, after a residence
of two years under the jurisdiction of the United
States and of one year in the State where the
applicant resided, was enacted. In 1795 the
period of residence was increased to five years,
with a previous declaration of intention to be-
come a citizen of three years. In 1798 the
residence was increased to fourteen years, with
a previous declaration of five years. In 1802
the residence was reduced to five years, with a
previous declaration of three years. In 1S2I
the declaration of intentions was reduced to
two years; and so now stands the law.
