158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
them, and they adjourned to another time for
that purpose. The year is not out.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I understand
that the reconstruction laws have been carried
out by the State of Georgia; that a portion of
her people have formed a constitution in obe-
dience to the mandates of the reconstruction
laws, as they are termed. The honorable Sen-
ator from Kansas nods his assent. I would
modify that by saying " the destruction laws,"
if he would accept the modification. Now,
what is the main purpose and principle of the
bill introduced by the honorable Senator? It
is to dictate to the people of Georgia, through
their convention, which has continued its ex-
istence by an. adjournment, a particular prin-
ciple or clause in their constitution. The hon-
orable Senator from Kansas is a very able
statesman and a very able constitutional lawyer,
and I should be obliged to him if he would
suggest to me and to the Senate from whence
the Senate derives the power to pass such a
bill. If he will give me a legitimate authority
for the exercise of such a power, and satisfy
me that it is wise, just, and prudent to exer-
cise that power in the form which he proposes,
I will vote for the measure.
Mr. POMEROY. The form which I propose
is simply the form which has been used in the
reconstruction acts. The bill does not require
of them any particular qualification for holding
office, but only that tliey shall make a qualifi-
cation in harmony with the Constitution of the
United States as amended by the fourteenth
article. If they refuse or neglect to do it, it
will still be in the power of Congress to receive
or reject, their members.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator has
ignored my question. I did not ask him what
the reconstruction laws were, or what the con-
vention of Georgia had done in their effort to
execute the reconstruction laws, bnt, to tell me
the source of power which would authorize
Congress to pass the bill which he has now
introduced.
Mr. POMEROY. The source of power I
apprehend to be the same that existed in Con-
gress at the time of the passage of the recon-
struction acts. I hold that we obtained the
right to legislate for the States in rebellion by
the surrender. The difficulty between the Sen-
ator from Kentucky and myself is that I believe
the Union cause triumphed, and that in that
triumph the rebels surrendered everything that
was in controversy betweenthe parties; and one
of the things in controversy between the parties
was the dogma of State authority over the Gen-
eral Government. They held, and the Demo-
cratic party generally hnveheld, that in this Gov-
ernment of ours theie wore some thirty-seven
sovereigns, and that therefore Congress could
not legislate for a State; but I apprehend that
that dogma of State rights and Stale sovereignly
was surrendered when they gave up their old
horses and commissary stores to General Grant
and General Sherman ; that is, they surren-
dered not merely the materials of the war, but
they surrendered the elements of the war, all
that went to make up the controversy and the
issues between the parties. They surrendered
what they went to war about. They surren-
dered the question of State rights over slavery,
State sovereignty as against the General Gov-
ernment. Wo acquired the right to legislate
for them by that surrender.
Mr. DAVIS. That is the most extraor-
dinary explanation of the principle I have'ever
yet heard, that a State raising an insurrection
or rebellion against the General Government
may upon its military coercion surrender its
sovereignty and all of its rights into the hands
of the General Government. Will the honor-
able Senator inform me whence the General
Government derives its authority to become
the depository of such power, and whence
States acquire their power to surrender the
sovereignty and the reserved rights of the peo-
ple in the hands of the General Government
or any victorious generals acting under the
authority of the General Government?
Mr. POMEROY. It does not follow that
the State surrenders the reserved rights of the
people. It is in regard to State rights that the
difficulty with the Democratic party hai been
from the beginning. I was here when five
States had gone out of this Union, and the
question was submitted to Mr. Buchanan and
his Cabinet what can we do? They met in
full Cabinet counsel and discussed it. They
adjourned until the next day, when they met
and discussed it again, and finally, on the third
day, they came to the conclusion, and Mr. Bu-
chanan promulgated it, that there was no power
under the Constitution in the General Govern-
ment to coerce a State; that if rebellion as-
sumed State authority they could not help it,
and they had no remedy for rebellion when it
assumed the authority of a State organization.
They believed that we could put down indi-
vidual rebels or a rebellion like the Dorr rebel-
lion in Rhode Island ; but if rebellion assumed
State authority, the State had a sovereignty
igfhat the General Government could notcoerce.
T?hat was the dogma; and it was one of the
great difficulties that led to the immense pro-
portions of the recent rebellion.
It was the feeling with men in the South that
they owed supreme allegiance to theirState. As
General Lee said, when he was serenaded at
Arlington, the State of Virginia had called him;
he deprecated war; he hated above all things
civil war; but the State of Virginia, the mother
that bore him, had called him toleadher troops,
and he owed his first allegiance to the State of
Virginia. It was that dogma of his that led
him to war against the authority of the national
Government, and it was this dogma which the
Democratic party have held that led to the dis-
solution of this Union, so far as State rebellion
could dissolve it. My own belief is that State
rebellion against the General Government by
a State as a political organization is State sui-
cide; that when that political organization
rebels, when it forms another government,
when its officers swear allegiance to that other
government not known to this country, its
political organization has committed suicide.
That is where we get the right to legislate for
these communities, because we conquered
them. Wo were the party that took their sur-
render ; we did not surrender ; and in that sur-
render we took everything that was in contro-
versy, and they submitted. I ask that the bill
be printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I came into the Senate
late, and I am not aware what the question is
that is now before the body. Will the Chair
be kind enough to state it?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on referring the bill introduced by the
Senator from Kansas to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I have only
one word to say to my honorable friend, the
Senator from Kansas. His final refuge is now
in an opinion expressed by President Bu-
chanan at the time the rebellion had its incep-
tion. I think the honorable Senator is in a
great strait when he resorts to that opinion
of Mr. Buchanan as authority for the introduc-
tion and passage of this measure ; but the more
the honorable Senator is urged upon this sub-
ject the more his confusion becomes con-
founded, the more his darkness is intensified;
at least it is so to my mind, and for that rea-
son I shall not follow up this discussion with
the honorable Senator.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Kan-
sas, that the bill be referred to the Committee j
on the Judiciary, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
message m'-om the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Custom Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed a bill
(H. It. No. 1192) to extend the provisions of
the homestead act to the orphan children of
deceased soldiers, who are under the age of
twenty-ona years, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
kent of tjibbt prison.
Mr. HOWE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President he reauested to in-
form the Senate, if not incompatible with the public
interest, whether any of the public money has re-
cently been expended in payment of rent for the use
of the building known as the"Libby Prison," in the
city of Richmond, Virginia; and if so, how much
was paid, to whom, and under what authority of law.
steamer when.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the
following resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President be requested to inform
the Senate whether or not instructions have been
given or proceedings instituted to prevent the pay-
ment to John Laird & Company, builders of the
Alabama, or their representatives, of the proceeds
of the steamer Wren, belonging to said Laird or the
confederate government, and now in the hands of
the Assistant Treasurer at New York; and what is
the condition of any proceedings that may have been
commenced to secure to the United States or to the
owners of vessels destroyed by the Alabama, the
procoeds of said steamer W reii.
new representative apportionment.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary bo
instructed to report a bill for the apportionment of
representatives in complianeo with the provision of
section two of the fourteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that is_ a pretty
strong resolution. I have no objection to it
if the phraseology is changed somewhat; but
to instruct the committee to report a bill on so
important a subject as that, without any con-
sideration whatever, would seem to be a little
unusual in the Senate. 1 suggest to the mover
of the resolution that he modify it so as to
direct the committee to inquire into the pro-
priety of reporting such a bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I have 110 objection to the
modification.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution mil be so modified.
The Resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
duties on imported copper.
CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1460, regulating the duties on imported
copper and copper ores, according to the notice
I gave yesterday.
Mr. WHYTE. I trust that the bill to which
the attention of the Senate has been called by
the Senator from Michigan will not be taken
up to-day for consideration. Representing-in
part here a very large interest in the copper
mining and smelting of the United States, and
desiring that the objections of that interest to
the passage of this bill, which, in their opin-
ion, is a species of class legislation for the
benefit of a favored few to the injury of the
many, should be presented to the Senate, I
applied to the distinguished chairman of the
Committee on Finance on Thursday last, and
inquired of him when the bill would be con-
sidered. I applied to him, as I supposed was
usual in such eases, presuming that it was the
habit of the Senate to allow the chairman of a
committee having charge of a measure to con-
trol it to a certain extent, or, at least, that a
statement made by him would have due weight
with his brother Senators. I applied to him
and asked him whether this bill would be con-
sidered before the recess. He informed me
that while it had been reported, and reported
much earlier than I had supposed it would be
reported from the committee, it was not the
intention of those having it in charge to call it
up until after the expiration of the holiday
recess. Relying upon that, I told a number
of gentlemen who were interested in the sub-
ject that it would not be called up before the
holidays, and therefore the information which
they desired to communicate to my colleague
and to myself, x-epresenting them here, was
not then communicated, and they left the city,
and the most important one of the number
went directly to the city of New York. I have
had no means of communicating with him since
