.1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
the announcement yesterday by the Senator
from Michigan that he intended to call the bill
up to-day, and therefore we are unprepared,
at least those from Maryland who are in this
Chamber are unprepared, to state the views
and objections of those who are better informed
upon the subject than we are.
I presume I must have erred in supposing
that the chairman of the committee could make
any statement which would have even the
slightest bindingeffect upon other members of
the committee or the Senate; but really I was
under the impressionthat a statement from the
chairman that a bill would not be called up
until a certain period would be respected and
honored by every member of the Senate. I am
at fault in so acting, but I appeal to the Senate—
as a few days' delay can certainly do little dam-
age to the bill—to allow this bill to go over
unlil the reassembling of the Senate. I shall
make no objection to its being called up on the
first day of our session after the holiday recess
lias expired.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the par-
ties in interest in the State of Maryland have
been frequently heard before this body. Their
argument has been spread upon the table of
every Senator session after session heretofore,
and their whole argument, I believe. The real
point at issue is this: Chilian ores, the prod-
uct of penal labor, are brought in at a nomi-
nal duty. When the product of the year 1868
was ascertained a certain smelting company,
with a small amount of capital, perhaps a
million or two, I do not know how much, went
into the market and sold thousands of tons of
copper when they had neither the ore nor the
copper, at a loss if this bill passes, for the pur-
pose of breaking down the copper mining inter-
ests of the United States. They immediately
telegraphed and sent over the world for cop-
per to come in from abroad to fulfill these
contracts which were intended to break down
the copper-mining interests of the United
States.
It is now, sir, in my judgment, of vital im-
portance that this be headed off, and that it
be done now. The amount of capital invested
iu the copper-mining interests is over fifty
million dollars. The amount invested in these
smelting works is very small. 1 cannot say
how much, for I have not had occasion to
investigate it; but it is comparatively small.
The cost of mining and delivering a pound of
copper is twenty cents; $400 a ton. The cost
of smelting it is a cent and a quarter a pound ;
twenty-five dollars a ton. Now, sir, is all this
vast capital to be sacrificed for the benefit of
a single smelting company? I hope that im-
mediate action will be taken. I gave notice
yesterday, and I have given private notice here-
tofore, that I should call up this bill at the
earliest possible moment and press it to a vote
if the Senate would permit me to do so. I
hope the bill will be taken up, and that it will
be pressed to a vote to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am in favor of th.is bill,
and I think the copper interest ought to have
some relief; but I think it would be extraor-
dinary in the face of the statement already made
by the Senator from Maryland and in the face
of the statement I made yesterday to take it
up in violation of the understanding at the
time it was reported. I do not suppose the
Senate will do that. This bill was reported by
my vote, and I heartily approve Gf it; but
there are two interests that are very strongly
opposed to it: one is the smelling interest in
Baltimore, smelting the ores of Vermont, Ten-
nessee, and other States, and also foreign ores;
another is the commercial interest represented
before the Committee on Finance by several
members of the House of Representatives,
who say they were taken by surprise by the
passage of this bill in the House. The Com-
mittee on Finance first determined to lay
the matter aside and not to act upon it, but on
subsequent lefleetiou and on the urgent repre-
sentations of the Senator from Michigan, who
stated that this interest was in a distressing
slate, we concluded to report it, as we were in
favor of the bill, but with an understanding
that it should not be called up until after the
holidays, so as to give those parties opposed
to the bill an opportunity to make their state-
ments through their Senators to the Senate.
Now, for us to take up and pass now this bill,
sent to us at this session, would l>e rather ex-
traordinary. I suppose the Senate will not do
it. I should regard it myself as a very harsh
thing, and it would place me in a very un-
pleasant attitude. I am in favor of the bill,
and shall support it and urge its passage with
the Senator from Michigan; but to pass it now
in the face of these representations would
place the Committee on Finance in a very
embarrassing position. It would look like a
trick on these parties, which certainly was not
designed.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, of course
I am unaware, except as informed by the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland, of the under-
standing between himself and the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Finance in re-
gard to the time of taking up this measure for
discussion, but such is the pressing, urgent
nature of the bill, and such is the inconvenience
to the mining companies engaged in that kind
of business in my own State, as well as other
States of the Union, that I must ask the Senate
most earnestly to take this bill up for consider-
ation and not to delay it. Delay at this time
cannot but be injurious in the end to this great
mining interest, which it is one of the objects
of this bill in some degree to protect. Why,
sir, delay the consideration of this bill, delay
its passage for ten days or more or less; let
that be announced to the country as the action
of the Senate upon the subject, and orders will
pass over the cable from Baltimore, and perhaps
other places in the United States, to Swansea,
in Wales, and other copper exporting ports of
Great Britain, and before we can act upon the
bill as it becomes us to act the American mar-
ket will be glutted with copper from foreign
countries at a very small rate of duty.
Now, sir, while I am up let me state a few
facts in regard to the necessity of taking up
this bill. The amount of money actually in-
vested in my own State iu mining, not smelt-
ing, copper is at the present time undoubtedly
not less than $67,000,000, including the capi-
tal stock which lias been paid in by the com-
panies for the last twenty years, and including
also the improvements which they have been
obliged to make upon their mines in working
and in protecting thom. The number of mines
in the Lake Superior country alone within the
last two or three years, I do not remember
exactly the period, has not been less than
eighty, which have been operating at no great
advantage to themselves. The occurrence of
the war was a great drawback upon their pros-
perity, and at the present time such has been
the want of protection against the foreign arti-
cle that only eleven of those mines are in oper-
ation. They have been obliged to close up
their woiks, to dismiss their hired men, who
have gone to other places to seek employment,
and I am told by a very intelligent gentleman,
who is better acquainted perhaps with this
branch of business in my own State than any-
other, that at the present time there are not
less than fifteen hundred tenements in the Lake
Superior country once occupied by miners and
the employes of the mines which are now ten-
antless, boarded up, and their families have
gone away and are seeking elsewhere for em-
ployment because they can no longer be em-
ployed by the companies which once employed
them. In short, the present state of things,
in regard to the copper mines of Lake Supe-
rior particularly, threatens immediate and cer-
tain ruin to the companies, and unless Congress
shall come to their aid speedily they will be
obliged to abandon all their works and this
immense amount of capital will be almost
totally lost and destroyed.
I appeal to the friends of American industry,
I appeal to the friends of protection to a rea-
sonable degree, to takethis great interest not
only of my own State but ol other States of
the Union into consideration, and give those
companies the aid which they honestly deserve.
I hope, sir, that the bill will be taken up and
that we shall proceed to its consideration and
pass it. I know of no measure at the present
time more urgent or more necessary for the
protection of one of the great branches of the
industry of the country.
Mr. VTCICERS. I hope that this bill will
be postponed. /The reason assigned by the
Senator from Michigan who was last up with
regard to the amount involved iu it is, Ithink,
the strongest reason why it should be deferred.
The interest seems to be of great magnitude;
and, if it is so, it is important that the Senate
of the United States should act with due con-
sideration, and not hastily. It is more im-
portant that they should have full information,
that their action may be judicious, than that
they should act without full information and
hastily, perhaps to the prejudice of other in-
terests.
I do not perceive that if telegrams are sent
over the cable for the introduction of copper
ore it could be brought into this portion of the
country within two weeks. It would be impos-
sible for it to be shipped and landed within two
weeks; and if this bill is taken up on the first
day of the session after the recess surely no
great injury can result from the delay.
But again, the Senator seems to assume that
the Senate is to pass this bill as a matter ot
course. Sir, that assumption should not be
entertained for a moment. Although the Sen-
ators from Michigan may favor the bill, and
properly favor it, it does not follow that the
Senate of the United States shall adopt their
views. It may be important to modify this bill
to some extent; the duties proposed may be too
high. Now, withoutgoing into the merits of the
bill, I understand that if it should pass, the
increase of duty, estimating the ton of fine cop-
per at twenty-two hundred and forty pounds,
will be from $10 80, the present rate, to $S9 GO
per ton of fine copper. That would seem to be
an enormous increase, if this estimate which has
been furnished me is a correct one. Is the
Senate hastily to pass a bill by the passage of
which such an enormous increase of duty shall
be brought about?
Again, how is it to affect the shipping inter-
est? That is an important matter. The ton-
nage and shipping of the country, in which this
copper is used, are entitled to consideration.
1 say, then, the magnitude of the interest is
a motive for the postponement of this bill. It
is to affect other interests beside those of the
State of Michigan, and in a different way per-
haps. When the bill is duly considered it may,
peiliaps, be modified to some extent, so as to
suit the interests of all the different sections
of the country. If it can be so modified, I
shall be very glad. I was not in the Senate
when the bill was discussed at the last session,
if it was discussed then. I had to leave two
days before the expiration of the session on
account of sickness, and it certainly was not
discussed while I was in the Senate. My theu
colleague is now representing this country on
a foreign mission, and my present colleague
and myself are new members, not having a full
comprehension of the subject.
Then, the understanding which my colleague
had with the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance certainly induced him not
to expect that the Senate would take up the
bill before the holidays, and therefore he is
not prepared. Now, shall the Senate, without
full information, and without the possibility of
obtaining that information which my colleague
will at the proper time be prepared to furnish ;
shall the Senate, now when the interests of
different States are to be affected, take up the
bill at this particular period? 1 should hope
that a lapse of two weeks would not produce
any injury to the mining interests of Michigan,
and i hope the Senators from that State will
not urge the bill upon the consideration of the
body at this time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no
doubt that the copper interests need some
