1869,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1111
ivish ter make trouble, but I object to nine men
in this House, I do not care how they may arrive
at their conclusions, deciding for the Congress
ef the United States upon these questions.
The SPEAKER. The Chair wiil state that
under the rules a Delegate has no right to
object, though he may demand a division on
any question. But ia doing so the Chair will
remind the gentleman that the fact will appear
in the Globe, and the effect of the call tor a
division will be to end this session and render
the passage of any of the pension bills to be
reported from the committee impossible, this
being probably the last evening that that com-
mittee will have to make their reports, such is
the pressure of business.
Mr. MILLER. I withdraw the report.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I will withdraw the
objection at the solicitation of my friends,
although I think it wrong to do so.
The petition was accordingly laid on the
table.
Mr. MILLER also reported adversely on
tl-iepetition of Emily Arrand, widow of Joseph
K. Arrand, of the seventh Indiana cavalry;
and the-same was laid on the table.
mary a. davis.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the bill (H. R. No. 596)
granting a pension to Mary. A Davis, widow of
William P. Davis, late private of the eighteenth
regiment Indiana volunteers, inthewarof 1801.
Mr. HOLMAN. The report I suppose ia
brief, and I would like to have it read.
Mr. PERHAM. It will be seen if we under-
take to have a division upon any subject upon
which we are to disagree we shall find ourselves
•without a quorum. This evening is the last
opportunity this committee will have to make
reports, and there is a large number of merit-
orious cases that we wish to have passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will waive the reading
of the report, because it only presents facts
which will undoubtedly be mentioned to the
House. I think I can explain satisfactorily to
the House  
Mr. UPSON. If this is to be debated I
would rather have-the report of the committee
lead.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not propose to de-
bate it at any length.
Mr. MILLER. I withdraw it if there is to
be any controversy.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is before the House.
The SPEAKER. Being reported from the
committee, it is before the House, and if any
member objects it cannot be withdrawn.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the gentleman
wiil not occupy the time in discussing it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not occupy much
time—not more than ten minutes at any rate.
I am very confident that my colleague [Mr.
'Washburn, of Indiana,] who was colonel of
"that regiment, and myself, whose constituent
(his lady was, understand this ease much better,
•havingexamined ltmuch more thoroughly,than
any gentleman on the Committee on Invalid
Pensions. I am very confident whatever con-
elusion may have been reached by the eom-
■mittee after a partial examination of the case,
from the examination that has been made by
-myself and my colleague, [Mr. Washburn,]who
is familiar with the facts as they transpired,
that there has seldom been a ease before Con-
gress where the party was more clearly entitled
"to a pension than is this lady, Mrs. Davis, for
the benefit of herself and her orphan children.
To avoid consumption of time 1 shall be very
giad to yield to my colleague. [ Mr. Washburn,]
who was in command of the regiment at the
time this unfortunate man was killed, that the
House may hear a brief statement of the facts
as they transpired under the eye of the com-
manding officer of the regiment.
Mr. PERHAM. Allow me one word. I
wish to say that I notice by the indorsement
on the back of this petition what I was not
aware of before, that it has been recommitted
once, with authority to the committee to report
it at any time. I hope, therefore, we shall not
break up a quorum by dividing on this ques-
tion this evening.
_Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from Maine
will remember that that leave to report was
given nine months ago.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. And it has
not come back yet.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentlemen who ex-
amined this case for the committee have done
exactly what the Commissioner of Pensions
did. There is a controversy as to the weight
of testimony on a given point. The testimony
is about equally balanced on the point whether
this soldier was acting in self-defense at the
time he was killed or was himself assailing the
party who killed him. The Commissioner of
Pensions, 1 think exceedingly unjustly, and
unworthy of the representative of a great nation
like ours, gave the benefit of that doubt to the
Government. I say that the officer of the Gov-
ernment acts unworthily who does not give the
benefit of the doubt in such a case as this
to the widow and orphan children of the sol-
dier.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It makes no sort of dif-
ference in the world whether this man was
acting in self-defense or was assailing the other
party at the time he was killed. His case in
neither event is within the law. He was out-
side the line of his duty at the time. He was
not in the discharge of his duty at all, and hence
it makes no difference whether he was the
assailant or the assailed.
Mr. HOLMAN. If a soldier standing in the
ranks is shot down by accident is not his widow
entitled to a pension?
Mr. MILLER. The facts are fully stated in
the report, which I wrote out myself. If the
report is read it will show the whole case.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. In order
that the House may understand this case, as
it transpired almost utider my own eye and ia
my own command, 1 will in a few words state
the facts as I understand them. Two young
men enlisted in a company, raised in the town
of my colleague, [Mr. Hoi-man,] that went into
my regiment. Both of them were seeking pro-
motion, wishing to be sergeant major. The
fortunate man was Mr. Davis, and the other
was appointed coimnissaiy seigeant. He, feel-
ing that he had been injured by the promotion
of Mr. Davis, and being in the same mess,
they were continually quarreling and fussing. |
On the day of his death Mr. Davis came in |
from guard duty after detailing the guard. All I
the rest of the mess were at the table, and he !
approached it. Something passed between the {
two men. The coimnissaiy sergeant said some-
thing to Davis, and he said something back.
And here comes t he conflict of testimony. The
witness swears that Davis threatened to strike
the other man, and reached over for a pan.
Another witness testifies that he only reached
over for the pan while the other man was attack-
ing him. The oilier man attacked him with a
bowie-knife, used the knife on him, and in live
minutes Davis was dead, leaving a widow and
three children.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Were the parties ou duty
at the time?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. They were
on duty under every construction of law.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I beg the gentleman's
pardon. There is no construction of law that
gives a pension unless the party was actually
on duty.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. The party
was actually ou duty as a seigeant major, and
the testimony shows that lie had just returned
from the detail of his guard. He was on duty
in Missouri and guarding the Missouri frontier.
He was killed by one of his own men, it is true.
Bat if it had not been for his being there and
on duty, placed there by his Government, his
wife would not to-day be hero asking for a
pension. The report of the committee is based
on "this ground, that there was a conflict of
testimony as to who was the aggressor in the
difficulty which led to the death of this man.
And giving the Government the benefit of the
doubt, it is proposed to refuse a pension to his
widow. Now we insist that if there is any. do^M
in the case the widow should have the berieSt
of it.
Mr. UPSON. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question? - . ,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiaai Yes, sir.
Mr. UPSON. Is it the practice of the Gov-
ernment to give a pension to the widow of a
man who was killed in a quarrel with a felldw>
soldier?
Mr. MILLER. And .when the man who
was killed commenced the quarrel?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I think
where a man is murdered while in the service
and in the discharge of his duty his widow;
should be entitled to a pension. "
Mr. UPSON. Another question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Very well.
Mr. UPSON. I would inquire if the man
who is charged with having killed .this man
was not afterward tried and acquitted 1
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. He was
never tried. We left him behind in jail, in one
of the counties in the district of my friend from
Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin,] and they turned frim
out after we had left.
Mr. MILLER. There is a full statement of
the facts in the report,, and I will inform the
House that the reason this claim is rejected is
that the evidence shows that this roan from
the first was the aggressor, and on the occa-
sion when he was killed attempted to strike
the other man with a pan.
Mr. WASHBUR.N, of Indiana. Is there
not another witness who testifies that the other
man was the aggressor ?
Mr. MILLER. Yes, sir; but the report
shows how the affray commenced.
Mr. ELD1UDG15. Was the man who was
killed white or black? I think that is import-
ant.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I think it is time this
care was panned out. [Laughter.]
Mr. MILLER. I ask that the report be read.
The i eport was read. It states that from the
testimony it appears that William P. Davis was
enrolled and mustered into the service on the
10th of August, 1881, at Indianapolis, Indiana,
as sergeant, major of the eighteenth regiment
Indiana volunteers, for three years or during
the war. A captain of the same regiment tes-
tifies that lie was well acquainted with Davis,
and was present when he died, from a wound
by Luther Ilayman, orderly sergeant, on the
l!)th of September, 1801; that the disagree-
ment commenced between these men about the
time the regiment was organized at Camp
Morton, and was caused by Davis receiving the
appointment which the other wanted, and that
it frequently resulted in angry words between
them ; that at the time he was killed Davis
had returned from making detail of the guard
and sat down to diuner with Hayman, who
was iu the same mess: while eating their din-
ner a quarrel again occurred between them in
which angry words pa.ssed. In the altercation
Davis was charged by Ilayman with lack of
qualifications, to which Davis replied that if
he applied such language to him again he would
resent it, at the same time seizing a tin pan
and holding it in a menacing attitude. At that
instant the other man stabbed Davis in the side
with a large bowie-knife, and Davis died in
about ten minutes. The evidence shows that
the death of the uufortuna'te man was caused
by a quarrel between him and a messmate. It
is true that it is stated by one witness that Da-
vis seized the tin pan to defend himself; but it
is also shown that Hayman was not in a threat-
ening attitude, although using improper lan-
guage. Such language, however disrespectful,
will not justify an assault, so that it is clear
that there was nothing to justify Davis in draw-
ing a tin pan ; nor was the conduct of Haj man
in using a deadly weapon justifiable. Mr.
Davis left a widow and three children, the
youngest eight years of age and the others
over sixteen. Mrs. Davis made application to
the pension department under existing laws for
a pension, in consequence of the death of her
husband, and it was rejected on the ground
