1112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
tHait the soldier did not meet with his death in
the line of his duty.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say
a single word. It does seem to me that every
gentleman who listened carefully to the read-
ing of this report ought to be convinced that
it IS right and proper on the part of this House
to grant a pension to> this widow and her chil-
dren. Here is a soldier returning from the
picket-line, and about to set down to the table
to eat his mcdl, when another soldier, aspiring
to the same'position in the regimen t, approaches
him with a' deadly weapon. Now, the testi-
mony is that he raised this frying-pan in his
own defense.
Mr. HARDING. Where does the gentle-
man find that ? It is not in the report.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am quoting the vepr lan-
guage of the report. We have the testimony
of a captain of the' same company that Davis
raised the frying-pan in self-defense. Then
Hayman, with this long bowie-knife, drove it
through DaVis and killed him in ten minutes.
I trust the House will not be technical about
this particular case. This poor woman and
her orphan children lost a husband and a
father by the casualties of war. That is inev-
itable. Had he been attacked by disease and
died in consequence no one pretends that in
that event this poor woman and her children
would nbt have been entitled to her pension.
This assault having been made upon him with
a murderous weapon, he raised the frying-pan
in his defense, as any man naturally would do
undferthesame circumstances. In this attack he
was killed. It seems to me nothing but guess-
ing on behalf of the Government, nothing but
raising every imaginable doubt in favor of the
Government, can refuse this poor woman the
pension which she asks.
My colleague [Mr. Washburn] was familiar
with the facta as they transpired. This unfor-
tunate soldier fell almost under his own eye.
We have the facts from a living witness; and
I say, with all deference to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, that he makes a report which is
better than anything which he can put upon
paper. And why do I say so? It is because
he speaks from knowledge of the facts, derived
at the time, fresh from the persons who know
all about this matter. I say that this is evi-
dence far stronger than any which can be pre-
sented in the form of affidavits. Here, by the
living mouth of one of our own members, are
all of the facts in this case, and the judgment
that this woman and her children are justly
entitled to her pension as the soldier died in
this line of his duty.
Now, I do not propose to attempt to inter-
rupt the progress of the business of the House.
That is n ot my purpose at all. I certainly feel
that this is a ease where a pension ought to be
granted, and I know no more unfortunate case
of any widow and orphan children which can
come before this House. Still, I do not want
to break up the House for want of a quorum.
I do not propose that, as I know there are
many meritorious bills to be disposed of, but
I am willing to submit this matter to the judg-
ment of the members who are here present
upon the statement of my colleague, who is a
living witness upon the ground.
Mr. BENJAMIN. One word in reply to the
gentleman from Indiana. The facts in this
case are these: a sergeant and a private started
from Indiana on the organization of their regi-
ments deadly enemies, and that enmity con-
tinued until the day of the death of this sergeant,
^erthe ruling of the pension department,
J. ,... s n®ver before been questioned, where
disability Ordeath results from private quarrels
between individuals of the same regimen ts or of
aitterent regiments no pension can be granted.
Why? Because parties fighting out private
quarrels do not come within the law. *
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly.
, j) .' ^.9^! ^ t'jere any testimony
showing that Davis was the aggressor, or the
one that occasioned these quarrels; and if not,
should his wife and orphan children suffer the
loss of their pension because there happened
to be in that regiment a man of turbulent and
disorderly spirit, who was disposed to create
difficulty, and, as this case proves, to commit
murder ?
_ Mr. BENJAMIN. I will answer the ques-
tion. The parties on this occasion were, it
seems, still at enmity with each other. Ser-
geant Davis comes from the picket-line, sits
down to his dinner, and when in the presence
of Hayman this old quarrel breaks out afresh.
Davis assaults Hayman with very vindictive
epithets,and, as the evidence shows conclusively
to my mind, seizes thig frying-pan. It is said
he did this in self-defense. Self- defense against
what? No weapon had been drawn or exhib-
ited ; no menacing attitude had been taken.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it not the language of
George Bailey that Davis drew this frying-pan
apparently in self-defense?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have stated the evidence
as the committee found it in the papers. It is
true that the_ evidence in the record is some-
what conflicting. But it does not matter whether
one or the other was the aggressor. It was a
fight growing out of a private quarrel between
the men; they were not engaged in fighting the
enemies of the Government.
Mr. HOLMAN. My friend from Missouri
certainly overlooks the facts of the case. There
never had been a fight between these parties.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Itstrikesme,Mr. Speaker,
that if one individual stands with a frying-pan
seeking to strike another, and while attempt-
ing to <lo so is stabbed, it is something of a
fight. It is at any rate, as a gentleman near
me suggests, a skirmish. In that skirmish this
party lost his life. Now, I am asked whether
the widow and children of Davis are in fault
in consequence of his death happening in this
manner. I answer, they are by no means in
fault. But you have declared over and over
again by your pension laws that you will not
pension parties disabled under such circum-
stances, nor their widows and children. If
yousetthe precedent which thegentleman from
Indiana asks you to set in this case, you will
bring up claims of this kind in ten thousand
cases that have occured during the last war in
which parties have suffered disability or death
in broils,^mutinies, and like occurrences spring-
ing up in the various camps of the United
States. As we all knov they were common
everywhere. Mutinieswould be no exception.
If a party had been shot down while in the act
of disobeying his officer that case would present
equal claims with this on behalf of the widow
and the children. The Committee on Invalid
Pensions are disposed to be liberal in granting
pensions. We have, I believe, given this case
ail the consideration its importance demands.
We have been anxious to pension this widow
and these children, but we cannot conscien-
tiously recommend the House to pass a bill
establishing so dangerous a precedent; for it
is such a case as has never been embraced in
any general or special pension law passed by
Congress.
Mr. STOVER. As this case presents itself
to my mind, Mr. Speaker, whether this man at
the time of his death was in the line of liis duty
or not,_ his widow and children are entitled to
a pension from the Government. In the be-
ginning of the war he left his home to take part I
in the defense of his country ; he performed '
his duty faithfully; and while in the service of
the United States, even if not strictly in the
'le was killed. His widow and
children were not in fault on account of the
manner of his death.
Mi. Speaker, the object of having in this
House a Committee on Invalid Pensions is
that they may report relief in special cases not
provided for by the general law. When the
soldier has beori killed in the line of his duty,
and when all the proofs in the case are in reg- ,
ular form, there is no need of an examination !
and a report at the hands of this committee, j
because the Pension Bureau takes cognizance !
of such cases. We pass bills for relief in spe- I
cial cases, because the Government of the Uni-
ted States is munificent, and seeks to secure
from want the widows and children of those
who have served the country faithfully and
bravely. This is a ease which, like many others,
appeals to the gratitude of this House. The
husband fell and the family are almost penni-
less. They appeal for assistance to this House,
and I, sir, shall not be one to refuse them.
Mr. PEIIHAM. I would inquire what is the
condition of this question?
The SPEAKER. The question is on-order-
ing the bill to be read a third time, unless the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Miller]
moves to lay it on the table, it being an adverse
report.
Mr. MILLER. I will move to lay it on the
table.
Mr. PEEHAM. I hope no more time will
be occupied on this case. It has been pretty
fully argued, and we have so much busirifess of
this kind to dispose of I hope our friends will
consent to a division on the question and agree
on both sides to abide the result.
Mr. HOLMAN. Take the vote direct on
the passage of the bill; it will have precisely
the same effect. Only let my friend [Mr.
Washburn", of Indiana] have two minutes.
* Mr. PERHAM. I think we do not need any
more discussion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I do not
care to discuss it, and I do not propose to
break up for want of a quorum.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent
the House can informally, without insisting on
a quorum, take a vote on the passage of the
bill, and it will be journalized accordingly.
No objection being made, a vote was taken ;
and a majority of those present voting in the
affirmative ;
The bill was accordingly passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved'to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
claims in kansas.
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Claims, reported certain evi-
dence to accompany a bill (H. R. No. 1727)
authorizing the appointment of a commission
and the settlement of claims of citizens of Kan-
sas ; and the same was ordered to be printed.
jacob iiiggins.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1931)
grauting a pension to Jacob Higgins; whicl
was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of the applicant, late a private in
company A, ninth Pennsylvania volunteer cav-
alry, and pay him a pension from May 29, 1865.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BEATTY move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john m. flynn.
Mr. BEATTY, from the same committee
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1932) granting a
pension to John M. Flynn; which was read a
first and second time. .
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of the applicant, late
a private m company I, thirty-second Massa-
chusetts volunteer infantry, and pay him a
pension from and after the passage of this act.
Ihe i?1.11 ,was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BEATTY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
