362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
Mr. FOWLER. Was not the house taken
for the purpose of building a fort the?©?
Mr. HOWS. Not in that case; but in this
case it was.
Mr. FOWLER. In the Armes case also.
Mr. HOWE. No, I think not in the Armes
case; bat in this7, ca&p it wa® taken few the
purpose of building^Tort.
Now, Mr. Presiffgnt, what is the principle
xavolved here? Senators say that spon prin-
ciples of public law we Ottght not to> pay for
the property of our friends taken within the
rebel districts by the Government and for its
use. I deny that upon principles of law we are
prohibited from paying such claims, or that
upon the principles of public law we are permit-
ted to refuse the payment of sach claims. I saiy
again, we lave legislated upon this question.
The question whether we would or would not
claim the ownership of property dawn there,
and to what extent we w *uld claim it has been
before Congress in a number of instances. It
was before Congress in 3861, and you then
decided, and put your decision into a public
net, thatyou would confiscate, seize, and appro-
priate, not the property of your friends in the
rebel districts, nor the property of your enemies
in the rebel districts, bnt simply the property
which was used by the enemy and for the pur-
poses of the insurrection. That is the extent
to which that the first bill on the subject went.
If this Government intended to assert the right
to appropriate all property down there would
there have been any such law as that put upon
your statute-books?
But the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessen-
dex] the other day said that if we could find
any principle of law or any authority in pub-
lic law for the settlement or adjustment, of such
claims as this, lie would cheerfully, as I under-
stood him, vote for the payment of this claim.
1 think there are several precedents. I have
already said that the Senate has passed this
very bill. 1 have already said that both Houses
have passed another bill involving this princi-
ple. But 1 wish to call the attention of that
Senator and of the Senate to another piece of
legislation on this subject, in 1862 you under-
took to pass a law and you did pass a law to
confiscate certain property down there and to
punish certain persons down there. The Sen-
ator asserted the other day—and it has been
asserted before that day on this floor—that
upon well-recognissed principles of public law
all persons residing within that rebel district
were enemies of ours, and therefore that they
had tio rights which this Government was
bound to respect, no rights of person or prop-
erly. 1 say that in 186'2you undertook to pass
a law to define what you deemed to be their
true relations to this Government. What did
you say? That you would take all their prop-
erty and appropriate it to the use of the Gov-
ernment the propfTrty of those who were reb-
els and the property of those who were loyal
also? Certainly not. You said that of cer-
tain classes whose guilt you considered the
most flagrant you asserted the right to confis-
cate their property ; and in order to discour-
age the rebellion, in order to intimidate the
rebellion, you did incorporate in the saruelaw
a provision to the effect that if they did not
lay down their arms and cease to fight us with-
in a certain time after notice given by the
President, you would confiscate the property
of all classes of those, not who lived there,
but of all classes who were engaged in prose-
cuting the rebellion, who were positive, actual
enemies.
That is the extent to which the law of 1862
went; and I believe it is within the recollec-
tion of the Senator from Maine that he was not
particularly in favor of that bill. I certainly
was not; and 1 have not seen the entire wisdom
of it up to this time. We both thought then,
although it did not propose to strike a single
item of property belonging to juiy friend °of
ours, that it was an injudicious measure: at
least I did, and I understood such to be the
opinion of the Senator from Maine at that
time. I thought that was going further than it
was judicious for us to go then. But, sir, do
you suppose, if the public law made us the own-
ers of ail the property within that district, we
should have stood here haggling over a ques-
tion about confiscating the property of those
who wereactually fighting as,- who were rebels
in fact as wel} as in law ? It seems to me not.
But we had other legislation upon this sub-
ject. Recollect the principle asserted here is
that all those within that district are our ene-
mies, and to be regarded as the enemies of
this Government; and it is said that such is
the judgment of the Supreme Court.- I deny
it. The Supreme Court has not asserted any
such doctrine. - The Supreme Court did say in
the prize cases that all the property owned by
the residents of a hostile country—and they
applied that doctrine to the rebel districts—
was by the prize law to be regarded as ene-
mies' property, and when found upon the high
seas it was subject to forfeiture in the prize
eourts; but whether the Government would
avail themselves of the proceeds of such prop-
erty when forfeited and when the proceeds were
paid into the Treasury rested with the Govern-
ment to say, and they would retain the pro-
ceeds or refund them according as the owners
of the property were actually enemies or actu-
ally friendly. That is the extent to which that
decision in the prize cases went.
And why did they assert that this property
was regaided as enemies' property? Simply
because it was property which was liable to
feed and to strengthen the enemy. No mat-
ter what might be the disposition of the owner,
being a resident within the rebel district his
property was liable to seizure for rebel pur-
poses; but what the degree of liability is. it is
manifest, depends upon what the property is.
The property in this ease was the homestead
of a woman, consisting of a few acres of land
and the house she lived in, erected upon it.
That homestead was not capable of being made
to furnish much strength to any cause which
was being prosecuted by war.
But there was one kind of property down
there, Mr. President, which you know, which
the Senate knows, which the courts have said,
constituted the very sinews of the rebel cause;
and that is cotton. To mark the judgment
of the national Legislature as to the disposition
that ought to be made of that kind of prop-
erty you passed an act in 1863 by which you
declared, what? That the Government should
have it all ? No, sir; but you said that what-
ever of that kind of property was captured by
our Army or was abandoned by its owners and
found down there so abandoned should be
turned over to the agents of the Treasury De-
partment. What for? To be sold and the
proceeds to be paid into the Treasury? What
for? To meet the exigencies of this Govern-
ment? No, sir; but to meet the judgment of
law upon the question whether it belonged to
us or to our friends; and you declared there that
so far as those proceeds came from cotton which
belonged to the friends of the Government,
no matter where they lived, they should have
the right to follow those proceeds into your
courts; you threw the doors of your courts
wide open, and allowed them to sue to estab-
lish the fact that they were the owners of the
cotton and that they were the friends of the
Government, and not its enemies ; and upon
such proof being made your law provided that
that money should be paid back to thein.
Mr. YATES. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. YATES. I wish to ask the Senator from
Wisconsin whether he intends to assert the
proposition here broadly that wherever the
property of a loyal owner has been taken by
the Government compensation must be made
to him, or whether the ease which he now pro-
poses is an exceptional one? I ask that ques-
tion because the broad proposition would in-
volve a question of thousands of millions of
dollars.
Mr. HOWE. I do not claim that this is an
exceptional ease at. all. I say if there is any
honesty in this Government; if there is hon-
esty in this Government to enable it to face its
bonds and pay them, it will pay every one of
its loyal citizens for every dollar of their prop-
erty which the Government has had the use of.
That is not my proposition exactly, whether it
invelves thousands of millions or thousands of
dollars. If you owe more than you can pay,
you should do like any other bankrupt. That
does not excuse you for falling back and say-
ing you will not do anything. Do as every
other honest bankrupt does: pay as far as your
funds go, and then ask a discharge of a bank-
rupt court for the balance. I do not know of
any other honest way of getting along.
I was calling attention to this cotton bill. I
say, in that bill you declared that you would
not assert any ownership over cotton, the
sinews of the rebellion, if it was proved to
belong to your friends. In tfie administration
of that law a great deal of cotton was seized
and turned over to the Treasury Department.
Cotton to the amount of $35,000,000, if I re-
member aright, was sold, and theproceeds paid
into the Treasury. Under the force of the law,
every one of the loyal owners of that cotton had
a right to sue m the Court of Claims. That
was the only right preserved to your friends
under thatlaw ; but they secured anotherright;
and 1 wish to call the attention of the Senator
from Maine particularly to that. I say, in addi-
tion to the right preserved to them in the stat-
ute they secured another right, and that was,
by the adjudication of the Treasury Depart-
ment money which, according to the theory
asserted here and asserted by ihe Senator the
other day, belonged to our enemies, to the
amount of more than two million dollars was
paid out of the Treasury, and cotton amount
ing to almost three thousand bales, if I remem-
ber aright, was surrendered up to those who,
as I understand the Senator's theory, were the
enemies of the Government; not enemies in
fact, but enemies in law. This was not done
under the authority of that statute, for the
statute only provided for them to sue in tbe
Court of Claims. Now, I think here is a pre-
cedent. If it was right to give up this cotton
or to pay oat this cash derived from the sa;Je
of cotton to those people living down there
because they were our friends, is it not right
to pay for their homesteads or any other prop-
erty when we take it and convert it to our own
use?
But, Mr. President, the facts in this case, if
the Senate will attend to them, will relieve it
from all these questions. This property wtis
not in a rebel district. This property was in
Decatur, Alabama, which, when we took pos-
session of it, was occupied by our troops, and
over it our flag has floated ever since. It was
outside of the rebel districts.
Mr. HOWARD. Taken during the war as
an act of war.
Mr. HOWE. It was taken during the war.
It was taken by order of an engineer officer,
and the value assessed by a board of officers
convened for that purpose by the officer in
command of the district. I do not understand
that it was taken as an act of war. Of course
it was taken for war purposes, as all commis-
sary stores are.
Mr. HOWARD. Taken during the flagrancy
of the war.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Flagrante bello.
Mr. HOWE. So it was. So was Mrs. Alex-
ander's cotton taken during the war. It is true
that the court held that the proceeds of that
cotton, although it could not be regarded as
lawful prize, must be paid into the Treasury.
They held it by force of the act of 1863; but
they said and they held in that ease that that
cotton did come within the purview cf the law,
notwithstanding our troops were occupying the
country at the time that the property was taken;
but they held so because our troops only held
there for something less than eight weeks ; it
was just a raid made into the country, the
troops holding for a short time and being then
driven back. The eourt held, the Chief Jus-
tice pronouncing ths judgment of the court,
