1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
that that was not such an occupation of the
country by our troops as wrested it from the
operation of this principle of law. But that is
not this case. Our troops occupied Decatur
when this property was taken, and our Govern-
ment lias exercised full control over that terri-
tory from that day to this; and the Supreme
Court, in the prize cases and in the case of Mrs.
Alexander's cotton, and all the courts whose
judgments I have read on this point, rest the
whole doctrine of the right over enemy's prop-
erty upon the fact that it is within the control
of the enemy, and therefore liable to be appro-
priated to their use. That was not the case
with this homestead; there was nothing like it
in this case.
Now, Mr. President, it is said that this is
going to involve us in thousands of millions of
dollars. I beg leave most respectfully to call
the attention of the Senate to one very little
experience that the Committee on Claims have
had here. The most fearful struggle I have
had to get through a bill reported from the
Committee on Claims I encountered on a bill
that appropriated §400 to the widow of an offi-
cer who was shot down in one of your battles,
for property taken by the Indians when he was
in your service out in New Mexico, and prop-
erty which he claimed upon the faith of a pub-
lic statute as plain, as clear, as palpable as any
provision in any of your laws under which your
bonds have been issued. But what was the
objection ? Not that that $400 ought not to
be paid, but that if we did pay it we were as-
sured there were millions and millions of dol-
lars resting upon just such grounds as that
which we should have to pay. It was some
two years ago that you appiopriated thatsum of
$400, and I never have heard ofany other claim
like that before or since.
Now, how much are you likely to be called
upon to pay if you accept this principle for
which I contend in this case? I do not know
how much exactly. I know this, that the war
has been closed forsomething more than three
years, and the Committee on Claims have been
at work pretty hard during those three years.
I know they have reported one bill in favor of
Mr. Armes, which, 1 think, appropriated some
fifteen or sixteen thousand dollars. That has
passed. They have reported this bill which
appropriates $7,000. They reported at the
last session another bill which appropriates, if
I remember aright, $50,000. And 1 know of
three or four other cases now pending before
the Committee on Claims which will involve
(his principle. I am not sure that there are
not as many as half a dozen. Of course I do
not undertake to be familiar at the present time
with all the facts in all the cases now standing
on the calendar of that committee, but 1 have
no belief that there are $500,000 involved in all
the claims which are embraced by this prin-
ciple now pending before the committee three
years after the war has closed.
Mr. YATES. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. YATES. I wish to submit to the Sen-
ator whether, in these cases which involve the
fact of loyalty, and also the amount and value,
of properly which was taken by the Govern-
ment and the circumstances under which it was
taken, it would not be safer for the Senate and
better in every way that they should be referred
to the courts? Would not that course relieve
us of a difficulty which must involve the Gov-
ernment in a very great outlay of money? for
this precedent once established, as has already
been stated, involves millions of dollars. I
would not say that the Government should not
respond and pay every dollar that is lawfully
due, but certainly the courts, it seems to me,
would be the proper tribunal to determine the
If!cts in these cases.
Mr. HOWE. Now, I have to say that I think
the Senator from Illinois is sensible in that
conclusion; it is mine exactly. But the mis-
fortune is that Congress believes righttlieother
way, and you passed an act in 1§64 excluding
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims from
every one of these cases in express terms. The
court cannot touch one of them. That is the
decision of Congress, against my judgment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. . It was intended to deny
the right.
Mr. HOWE. Not at all. In my judgment
it was intended to keep this jurisdiction to
yourself bec'ause you meant to have it exer-
cised, I suppose, more religiously than it could
be exercised in any court. I know of no other
reason.
The Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy]
the other day took some part in this debate,
and he prefaced his remarks, I remember, by
saying that he never liked to mingle in debate
unless he knew something about the subject;
but this he happened to know something about.
He will pardon me for saying that the questions
he went on to put indicated rather what he did
not know than what he did, for he went on to
ask why we did not have a general bill to pro-
vide for all the cases in Decatur, Alabama;
and he informed us that he understood there
were something like a thousand of them just
like this, and, he asked, why not provide for
them? He wanted to know if Miss Murphey
was any better than all the rest of the people
down there in Decatur. Now let me say to
my friend from Kansas, in all sincerity, that I
do not know that Miss Murphey is a whit better
than any of the rest of the people in Decatur,
but there are several reasons why we have not
put the rest of file eases from Decatur into
this bill. One is that I had not heard of any
other cases from Decatur, and I never report
bills hero in favor of people that I have not
heard of. Another reason is that I could not
very well get up an omnibus bill here to pro-
vide for all the claims in the rebel country;
and I suppose if we had included all from De-
catur, the thousand from Decatur that the
Senator spoke of, he would not have been sat-
isfied ; he would have wanted to know why all
of the rebels in all other towns were not also
included.
Sir, the only way in which we can exercise
this jurisdiction with any sort of safety is to
wait until people make their claims and then
hear the proofs in support of those individual
claims, and report each case by itself, and let
each case stand upon its merits and upon the
proof in support of its merits. I hope my friend
from Kansas will consider that a sufficient
apology for not holding back Miss Murphev
until all of his friends from Decatur had filed
their claims here and had substantiated them
by proof. I think—and such I believe was the
opinion of the Committee on Claims—that
when one friend of the Government, had pre-
sented his claim and substantiated it by proof
which established, in our judgments, the right
to an appropriation, we had no business to tell
that claimant " It is all right; you are to have
your money ; but we cannot pay it until every-
body else who has as good a claim as yourself
comes forward and satisfies us of the justice
of it."'
Sir, I was commenting a little time ago upon
the amount of expenditures that this principle,
if agreed to, would probably involve us in. I
have cited yon to the past experience of the
Committee on Claims upon this point. In 18C4
you passed an act authorizing the commissary
department to audit and allow claims up_ to
$500 for subsistence stores taken with or with-
out vouchers and not paid for, but you ex-
cluded them from those regions down there ;
and you authorized the quartermaster's depart-
ment to audit and allow all claims for quarter-
master's stores up to $500. It was generally
supposed that these two little provisions would
involve us in the expenditure of untold mil-
lions of money; but the recent report from the
War Office shows us that the whole amount
of claims preferred to the commissary depart-
ment has been less than three million dollars,
and that on that three millions they have
allowed only about five hundred thousand dol-
lars in all the time since that act passed, and
they have rejected all the,rest except about six
hundred thousand dollars, which is yet unad-
justed; and although I do not remember the
figures as to the quartermaster's department,
they are somewhat larger than those, but I
think that the amount that has been disbursed
by the quartermaster's department isonly about
two million dollars.
Mr. President, I discredit the idea that this
Government plundered from oiir friends during
the rebellion and in the rebel districts mote
than we have appropriated by national legisla-
tion in support of the war. I do not believe
any such thing. Undoubtedly we took' some
property that belonged to our friends." We
have had evidence of that in two or three-cases
already. 1 think it is the part of wisdom, and
I think it is the part of honesty, to pay such
claims. But if the Senate says otherwise, if it
is the deliberate judgment of Congress that
you cannot afford to pay or will not pay these
claims, I only ask you to say so; and I give
you my word that so far aa I am concerned in
the administration of the business before that
committee I will abide by your decision's; there
shall be no other claim involving this principle
reported from that committee with my consent.
I will say, however, upon that point, that 1 do
not believe there are ten Senators on this floor
who, if you were to settle the principle to-day
that you would not pay these claims, would not
ask to have it wilhiu a year from this time
unsettled and ripped up. That is my belief;
I may be mistaken about it. However, I ask
to have the question settled, and settled with-
out further delay, because if you say these
claims shall not be paid then we shall be re-
lieved from the labor of examining other eases
pending before the committee, and which
involve this principle.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Wis-
consin has seen fit to reply to some feeble
remarks which I made the other day.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from
Kansas give way for a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. POMEROY. I will make that motion
myself in a few minutes if the Senator desires
to adjourn. I only wanted to say, in a single
word, that I made those remarks in great in-
nocence, thinking the Senator from Wisconsin
himself made out a case against liis bill. He
said the case of Miss Murphey grew out of an
order issued by the commanding general to
vacate the town of Decatur, and in support of
that read the order, if 1 recollect aright, that
every citizen of Decatur should vacate his
premises by a given day because they were
wanted by the military authorities ; and Miss
Murphey vacated with all the other citizens.
That suggested to me a very innocent, as I
thought, inquiry why, if this claim arose under
that order, she alone was to be compensated.
I was certainly green enough to suppose that
if we undertook to make compensation to one
loyal citizen in Deeatur suffering under one
order we should extend it to other loyal citi-
zens in the same town suffering under the same
order. But the Senator says he has not heard
of any other case. If there were no others
that fact might have been stated in his report,
and I should not have meddled with it.
For myself, I can hardly see why the Gov-
ernment should not compensate the losses of
an individual who was faithful to it, who ac-
knowledged that he owed itsupreme allegiance,
and to whom the Government, as a conse-
quence, owed protection, and a loss occurred
because it did not protect him. On the the-
ory upon which we prosecuted this war, that
it was not a rebellion of States but only of in-
dividuals, of course the individual is not com-
mitted to the condition of his State, because
the State assumes no authority in Jhe matter.
What has been urged against this class of
claims is that the claimants followed the for-
tunes of their State, and that the rebellion of
the State committed the citizen to rebellion.
But that was not the theory upon which Mr.
Lincoln and those who were early in procla-
mations conducted the war. It was that the
people and not the States had gone into rebel-
lion. If the State as aa organized political
body did not go into the rebettiosit did not
