1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1867
provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof," by extending certain penalties to
accessories;
A bill (S. No. 711) relating to the Metro-
politan Railroad Company;
A bill (S. No. 810) to regulate elections in
Washington and Idaho Territories;
A bill (S. No 584) relating to the time for
finding indictments in the courts of the United
States in the late rebel States;
A bill (S. No. 612) relating to the proof of
wills in the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 167) granting lands to the
State of Oiegon to aid in the construction of
a military wagon-road from the navigable waters
of Coos Bay to Roseburg, in said State;
A bill (S. No. 712) to define the fees of
recorder of deeds, and to provide for the ap-
pointment of warden of the jail in the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 949) granting a pension to
Mrs. Lydia W. Ford;
A bill (S. No. 941) granting a pension to
Benjamin C. Stone;
A bill (S. No. 910) granting a pension to the
children of Martin N. Slocum, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 906) granting a pension to
Elizabeth Clarke;
A bill (S. No. 904) granting a pension to
Benjamin T. Raines, of Indiana;
A bill (S. No. 903) granting a pension to
Horace Peck, of Charlestown, Massachusetts;
A joint resolution (S. No. 231) providing for
the reporting and publication of the debates in
Congress;
A bill (S. No. 665) respecting the organiza-
tion of militia in the States of North Carolina,
South Carolina, Florida, Alabama, Louisiana,
and Arkansas ;
A bill (S. No. -942) granting a pension to
Sarah B. Haines;
A joint resolution (S. No. 219) giving the
assent of the United States to the construction
of the Newport and Cincinnati bridge;
A joint resolution (S. No. 217) for printing
the Medical and Surgical History of the Rebel-
lion ;
A bill (S. No. 896) confirming certain pur-
chases of land in the Ionia district, Michigan,
made by Charles H. Rudd and Andrew I. Cam-
pean;
A bill (S. No. 860) for the relief of Wright
Duryea;
A bill (S. No. 871) to-authorize the transfer
of lands granted to the Union Pacific Railway
Company, eastern division, between Denver
and the point of its connection with the Union
Pacific railroad, to the Denver Pacific Railway
and Telegraph Company, and to expedite the
completion of railroads to Denver, in the Ter-
ritory of Colorado ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 238) extending
the tune far the completion of the first twenty
miles of the Cairo and Fulton railroad ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 195) requiring
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
to transfer certain money J
A bill (S. No. 729) to provide for the execu-
tion in the District of Columbia of commis-
sions issued by the courts of the States and
Territories of the United States or of foreign
nations, and for taking depositions to be used
in such courts; and
A resolution (S. R. No. 239) more efficiently
to protect the Cur-seal in Alaska ;
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson", its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bill and joint resolutions ;
and they were thereupon signed by the Presi-
dent pro t mpore
A bill (II. R. No. 2007) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1870, and
for other purposes;
_ A joint resolution (S. R. No. 239) more effi-
ciently to protect the fur-seal in Alaska ; and
A joint, resolution (H. R. No. 280) for the
relief of Mrs. Ella E. Hobart.
PENSION TO MRS. LINCOLN.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate joint reso-
lution No. 196, granting a pension to Mrs. Mary
Lincoln, -widow of the late President of the
United States, who was killed daring the war
of the rebellion ; and on that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 27; as follows;
YEAS— Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Cattell, Con-
ness, Corbett, IYelir)ghuy?en, Harlan, Harris, Kel-
logg, McDonald, Morgan. Morrill of Maine, Morton,
Nyo,Pomeroy. Rain&ey, Rice.Sawyer, Spencer,Stew-
art, Sntnner, Tha> er, and Warner—23.
NAYS—Messrs.Buckalew, Chandier, Cole, Davis,
Dooiitrfe.Bd rounds. Ferry, Fessenden, Fowler, Grimes,
HendricksvHowe, Morrill of.Vermont, Osborn, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, Pool, Sherman, Sprague,
Tipton, Van Winkle, vickers, Wade, Welch, Whyte,
Wiliey, Williams, and Wilson—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Conkling,
Cragin, Dixon, Drake, Henderson, Howard, Mc-
Creery, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee. Robertson.
Ross,-Saulsbury, Trumbull, and Yates—16.
So the motion was not agreed to.
TENURE OF OFFICE.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I move to
take up the bill to repeal the civil tenure-of-
office act; and upon that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 33; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs.Btfekalew. Cameron, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Fowler, Grimes, Hendricks, Kellogg, Ale-
Donald, Morton, Patterson of Tennessee, Vickers,
Warner, and "Whyte—15.
NAYS—Me^sis. Abbott, Anthony, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkhng, Conness, Corbett, Drake, Ed-
munds, Ferry, Frehnghuysen, Harian, Harris, How-
ard, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morri.l of Vermont,
Nye, Osborn, Patterson of New Hampshire. Pom-
croy, Ramsey, Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague,
Stewart, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, Wade, Wiiley,
Williams, and Wilson—35.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cragin, Fessenden,
.Henderson, Howe, McCreery, Norton, Pool. Rice,
Robertson, Ross, S.mtsbury, Thayer, Van Winkle,
Welch, and Yates—16.
So the motion was not agreed to.
CLOSE OF THE SESSION'.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Revolved, That a committee of two members be
appointed to join such committee as may .be ap-
pointed by the House of Representatives to wait
upon the Prestdcnt of the United States and info! m
hnn that unless he mny have some further commu-
nication to make the two Houses of Congress, hav-
ing finished the business before them, are ready to
adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Sherman' and Mr. Whyte the committee.
When twelve o'clock noon of March 4 ar-
rived the Vice President-elect, Hon. Schuyler
Colfax, of Indiana, entered the Senate Cham-
ber, and the oaths of office were administered
to him.
Whereupon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour
having arrived for the termination of the For-
tieth Congress, the Senate of the United States
stands adjourned without day.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 3,1869.
The House met at ten o'clock a. m. Prayer
by Rev. George F. Magolx, D. D., president
of Iowa College.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
| Mr. McDonald its Chief Clerk, notifying the
I House that that body had passed the legisla-
! tive, executive, and judicial appropriation bill,
i and the Post Office appropriation bill, witli
i sundry amendments, in which the concurrence
! of the House was requested.
Mr. SPALDING. I am inbtiucted by the
Committee on Appropriations to move non-
concurrence in those amendments and request
committees of conference.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
resignation or speaker colfax.
The SPEAKER. Before proceeding to
tender to the House of Representatives my
resignation of the office of Speaker—to take
effect at the election of my successor—I have,
as the rales authorize me to do, asked Mr.
Wtlson", of Iowa, to preside as Speaker pro
tempore when I shall leave the chair.
Gentlemen of the Souse of Representatives:
The-opening of the legislative day at the
close of which 1 must enter upon another sphere
of duty requires me to tender to you this resigt
nation of the office which by your kindness
and confidence I have held, to take effect on
the election of a Speaker for the briefremain-
der of thi3 session.
The parting word among friends about -to
separate is always a regretful one; but the fare-
well which takes me from this Hall, in which
so many years have been spent, excites in me
emotions which it would be useless to attempt
to conceal.
' The fourteen years during which I have been
associated with the Representatives of the peo-
ple here have been full of eventful legisla-
tion, of exciting issues, and of grave decis-
ions, vitally affecting the entire Republic. All
these, with the accompanying scenes which so
often reproduced in this arena of debate the
warmth of feeling of our antagonizing constit-
uencies, have passed into the domain ofhistory.
And I but refer to them to express the joy which
apparently is shared by the mass of our coun-
trymen that the storm-cloud of war which so
long darkened our national horizon has at last
passed away, leaving our imperiled Union
saved ; and that, by the decree of the people,
more powerful than Presidents or Congresses
or armies, liberty was proclaimed throughout
the land to all the inhabitants thereof.
But I cannot leave yon without one word of
rejoicing over the present position of our Re-
public among the nations of the earth. With
our military power and almost illimitable re-
sources, exemplified by the war that developed
them; with our rapidly augmenting population
and the welcome at our open gates to the op-
pressed of all other climes ; with our vast and
increasing agricultural, mechanical, manufac-
turing, and mineral capabilities ; with our front-
age on the two great oceans of the globe, and
our almost completed Pacific railroad uniting
these opposite shores and becoming the high-
way of nations, the United States of America
commands that respect among the Powt-rs of
the world which insures the maintenance of all
its national rights and the security of all its
citizens from oppression or injustice abroad.
Nor is this all. The triumphant progress of
free institutions here has had its potential
influence beyond the sea. The right of the
people to govern, based on the saered princi-
ple of our Revolution, that all Governments
derive their just powers from the consent of
the governed, is everywhere advancing, not
with slow and measured steps, but with a rapid-
ity that within a few years has been so signally
illustrated in Great Britain, Spain, Italy, Prus-
sia, Hungary, and other lands. May we not
all hope that by the moral but powerful force
of our example fetters may everywhere be
broken, and that some of us may live to see
that happy era when slavery and tyranny shall
no more be known throughout the world from
the rivers to the ends of the earth.
I cannot claim that in the share I have had
in the deliberations and the legislation of this
House, as a member and an officer, I have
always done that which was wisest and bestin
word and in act, for none of us are infallible.
But that I have striven to perform faithfully
every duty, and that, devoted as all know to
principles that I have deemed correct, the
honor and glory of our country have always
been to me paramount and above all party ties,
I can conscientiously assert; and that I have
sought to mitigate rather than to intensify the
asperities which the collisions of opposing par-
ties so often evoke must be left to my fellow-
members to verify.
In the responsible duties of the past six
years I have endeavored to administer the rules.
