1868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
you have enacted for your guidance, both in
letter and in spirit, with an impartiality unin-
fluenced- by political associations or antago-
nisms. And I maybe pardoned for the expres-
sion of gratification that while no decision has
been reversed there has been no appeal—some-
times taken as they are by a minority as a pro-
test against the power under the rules of a
majority—which has ever been decided by a
strictly party vote. If in the quickness with
which a Presiding Office/ here is often com-
pelled to rule, hour after hour, on parliament-
ary points, and in the performance of his duty
to protect all members in their rights, to ad-
vance the progress of public business, and to
preserve order, any word has fallen from my
lips that has justly wounded any one, I desire
to withdraw it unreservedly.
I leave this Hall with no feeling of unkind-
ness to any member with whom I have been
associated in all the years of the past, having
earnestly tried to practice that lesson of life
which commands us to write out enmities on
the sand J>nt to engrave our friendships on the
granite.
But the last word cannot longer be delayed.
I bid farewell to the faithful and confiding con-
stituency whose affectionate regard has sus-
tained and encompassed me through all the
years of my public life—farewell to this Hall,
which, in its excitements and restless activi-
ties, so often seems to represent the throbbings
and the intense feelings of the national heart;
and finally, fellow-members and friends, with
sincere gratitude for the generous support you
have always given me in the difficult and often
complex duties of this chair, and with the
warmest wishes foryour health, happiness, and
prosperity, one and all, I bid you farewell.
[Applause upon the floor and in the galleries.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, took the chair as
Speaker pro tempore.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, at the
instance of several political friends on this side
of the Chamber, as well as in expression of my
own opinions and feelings. I offer this resolu-
tion.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the retirement of Hon. Schuyler
Colfax from the "Speaker's chair, after a long and
faithful discharge of its duties, is an event in our
current history which would cause general regret
were it not that the country is to have the benefit of
bis matured talents and experience in the higher
sphere of duty to which he has been called by a
majority of his countrymen. In parting from our
distinguished Speaker the House records with becom-
ing sensibility its high appreciation of his skill in
parliamentary law, of hi? promptness in administer-
ing the rules and fecilitatingthe business of the body,
of his urbane manners,-and of the dignity and impar-
tiality with which he has presided over the delibera-
tions of the House. He will carry with him into his
n ew field of duty and throughout life the kind regards
ot every member of this Congress.
The resolution was adopted unanimously.
election of speaker.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I move that
Hon. Theodore M. Pomeroy be declared duly
elected Speaker of this House in place of Hon.
SchuylerColfax, resigned, for the remaining
term of this Congress.
Mr. PRU1TN. I second that motion.
The motion was adopted unanimously.
The SPEAKER pro iempore appointed Mr.
Dawes and Mr. Woodward a committee to
escort Mr. Pomeroy to the Speaker's chair.
The committee thereupon waited 'upon Mr.
Pomeroy and escorted him to the chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will designate Mr. Dawes, of Massachusetts,
to administer the oath of office.
Mr. DAWES accordingly administered the
oath.
The SPEAKER-elect, on taking the chair,
addressed the House as follows:
Gentlemen of the House of Representatives :
In assuming for the few remaining hours
of the session the arduous duties of your Pre-
siding Officer, I can simply thank you for the
high compliment which you have conferred,
it has been my pleasure for eight years to
mingle humbly in the labors of this House;
and in retiring, as I expect to do within a brief
period forever from all official connection with
the American Congress, I carry with me at
least this gratification, that in all those years I
have never upon this floor received from a
member of this House one word of unkind-
ness nor one act of disrespect. The unanimity
with which I have been chosen to preside for
this brief period is evidence of itself that your
choice carries with it no political significance.
I can most cheerfully forego all the power and
all the influence that attaches to the position
of Speaker of the House ; but there is a sig-
nificance beyond that which a man must be
differently constituted from myself if he can
ever forget, and which arises from the kind
personal consideration which is involved in
my unanimous election to this most honorable
position. [Applause.}
Mr. WOODWARD. I move that an en-
grossed copy of the resolution adopted by the
House upon the retirement of Speaker Colfax
be signed by the officers of the House and com-
municated to our late Speaker.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES offered the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to :
Resolved, That a message be sent to the Senate
informing that body that the Househas elected Hon.
Theodore M. Pomeroy, one of the Representatives
from the State of New York, Speaker, in the place of
Hon. Schuyleb Colfax, resigned.
Mr. DAWES also offered the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to,:
.ft!esolved, That a committee of three be appointed
on the part of the House to wait upon tho President
of the United States and inform him that the House
has elected Hon. Theodore M. Pomeroy, onei of
the Representatives from the State of New York,
Speaker, in the place of Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
resigned.
The SPEAKER appointed as the committee
to wait on the President Messrs. Hulburd,
Cullom, and Woodward.
mount vernon association.
Mr. PHEliPS.' I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move that a message be sent to the
Senate requesting a copy of Senate bill No.
588, for the relief of the Mount Vernon Ladies'
Association. The bill passed the Senate with-
out a division on the 9th of July last. It was
referred in the House to the Committee on
Appropriations, and it cannot now be found
eitherin the committee-room, the Clerk's office,
or anywhere. I am informed that the bill has
passed among the private ■ papers of the late
Thaddeus Stevens, who was chairman of the
committee at the time.
No objection being made, it was ordered
accordingly.
reconstruction georgia.
Mr. BOUT WELL, from the Committee on
Reconstruction, submitted a reply of Governor
Bullock, of Georgia, in reply to Hon. Nel-
son Tift; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
settlers on shawnee lands.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask unani-
mous consent to introduce for present action a
joint resolution for the relief of settlers upon
the absentee Shawnee lands in Kansas.
Mr. SPALDING. I demand the regular
order.
surgical history op the rebellion.
The House resumed the consideration of the
unfinished business pending at the adjourn-
ment last evening, being the joint resolution
(S. No'. 217) for printing the Medical and Sur-
gical History of the Rebellion.
The previous question had been seconded
and the main question ordered, and tellers had
been ordered 6n the passage of the resolution.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Garfield
and Scofield as tellers.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 92, noes 22.
Mr. SCOFIELD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
Mr. SCOFIELD demanded tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. BROOKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE ealledfortheyeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 111, nays 44, not voting
67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Areher, Axtell, Bailey, Baldwin,
Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Benton, Bingham, Blair,
Boutwell, Broomall, Buekland, Buckley, Benjamin
F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Chanler,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Clift, Coburn, Corley,
Cornell, Cullom, Bison, Doekery, Bodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Ela, Thomas D. Eliot, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields,
(iarlield, Goss, Gove, Griswold, Grover, Harding, Bea-
ton, Higby, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Hulburd, Jenckes,
Johnson, Alexander H.Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley,
Kellogg, Ketcham, Koontz, Lash, Lynch, Mallory,
Marshall, McCormiek^MeKee,Miller, Moore, Moor-
head, Mullins, Myers, Newcomb, Newsham, Norris,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pettis, Phelps,
Pierce, Pike, Plants, Poland. Price, Prince, Pruyn,
Randall, Raum, Robertson, Roots-. Sawyer,Schenck,
Shellabarger, Smith, Spalding, Stokes, Stover, Ta-
ber, Taffe, Thomas, Twichell. Upson, VanAernam,
Robert T. Van Horn, Henry D. Wafshburn, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Whittemore, William Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, Johnl. Wilson, Wood, and
Woodbridge—111.
NAYS—Mossrs. Adams, Arrie'l, Delos R. Ashley,
Baker, Benjamin, Brooks, Cary, Cook, Eggleston,
Eldridge, f'arnsworth, i'ox, Gets, Glossbrenner, Gol-
laday, Haight, Hawkins, Holman, Hotchkiss, Hum-
phrey, Hunter, Ingersoll, Thomas L. Jones, Kelsey,
Kerr, Knott, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Loughridge, McCarthy, Ross, Scofield,
Sitgreaves, Starkweather, Stone, Lawrence S.
Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Van Wyck,
Ward,-Cadwalader C. Washburn, Woodward, and
Young—44.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Barnes, Bamum, Beck, Blaek-
burn, Blaine, Boles, Bowen, Boyden, Boyer, Brom-
well, Burr, Callis, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cofi'ax, Co-
vode, Dawes, Delano, Deweese, Dickey, Eckley, Ed-
wards, James T. Elliott, French, Gravely, Halsey,
Hamilton, Haughey, A at\el W. Hubbard, Chester D.
Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Kitchen, Lincoln,
Loan, Logan, Marvin, Maynard, McCullough, Mer-
cur, Morrtell, Morrissey, Mungen, Niblaek, Nichol-
son, Nunn, Pile, Polsley, Robinson, Selye, Shanks,
Stevens, Stewart, Sypher, Taylor, Tiffc, John Trim-
ble, Trowbridge, Burt Van Horn, Vidal, Elihu B.
Washburne, Thomas Williams, Stephen F. Wilson,
and Windom—67.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table."
admissions to the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order. I' ask that the Doorkeeper shall en-
force the rule and prevent the influx of per-
sons who are not entitled to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
there are many persons on the floor now who
are not members of the House, but who are
privileged under the rules.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would inquire whether
gentlemen elected to the Forty-First Congress
are entitled to be on the floor ? I take it that
the rule does not cover them. I hope they
will not be excluded.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Members-elect to
the Forty-First Congress are entitled to the
privileges of the floor. But all persons not
privileged ought to be excluded, for if oae is
admitted others press in and the House gets full.
The SPEAKER. Members-elect of the
Forty-First Congress are entitled to the priv-
ileges of the floor under the usage of the House.
The doorkeepers will exclude all persons who
have no right to admission.
NAVAL CpNTRACTORS, ETC.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask leave of the House
to report three or four bills from the Committee
of Claims which they have passed upon and
instructed me to report to the House. The
committee has not been called since the holi-
days, and although these are private bills they
nevertheless do in some sense touch the integ-
rity of the nation. If the Government intends
to keep faith with its own citizens these bills
ought to be passed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I insist on the regular
order.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then, I move to suspend
