187*)
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March '3,
to be printed. I am certain that there can be
no more important information given the coun-
try than is given by this report.
Mr. LAFLIN. I now yield to the gentleman
from Indiana, chairman of the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say
a word on this proposition. I have seen some
of the advance sheets of this report and can cor-
dially commend it. I have paid some attention
to the question of our mineral lands and our
laws relative to them, and I will say that I
regard this as an exceedingly proper document
to be printed. It discusses our mining laws
and makes some valuable suggestions in ref-
erence to their amendment. Bearing as it
does directly upon the legislative duties .which
lie before us in the coming Congress, I hope it
will be printed, and in the largest number pro-
posed. Mr. Raymond is a gentleman of high
character, of scientific attainments, and has'
made the subject of mining a specialty; and
there is no subject about which members of
this body more greatly need correct informa-
tion, and which, at the same time, more di-
rectly affects the question of our financial
prosperity.
Mr. LAFLIN. I.yield two minutes to the
gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. MULLINS. Mr. Speaker, two minutes
will scarcely give me an opportunity to express
the ideas I should like to advance here. I have
not given the attention to our mineral resources
that others have, but I have given enough atten-
tion to them to have impressed upon my mind
the magnitude of the interests involved in their
proper development. For that purpose this
printing is necessary. It concerns the opening
up of our hidden wealth, which is now attract-
ing the attention of people of every land. This
geologist goes out as a pioneer and points out
where are hidden mineral wealth, so that the
labor which emigrates there may at once go to
work to add to our national resources. His
report ought be published. It is the best in-
formation we can give to our people on that
subject.
Mr. LAFLIN. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the resolution
be laid on the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDEX FOR PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. LAFLIN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report the following res-
olution :
Itetolved, That an index to the executive docu-
ments irom the Twenty-Sixth to and including the
fortieth Congress and an index to 'the reports of
committees for the same period, prepared under the
direction of the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives, be printed for the use of the House and bound
each in a separate volume.
This resolution explains itself., It provides
for the printing of an index to the reports of
committees in this House from the time when
the former index ceased. Unless there is ob-
jection to the resolution, or some one wishes
to make an inquiry, I demand the previous
question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. How much is this to cost?
Mr. LAFLIN. It will constitute two vol-
umes of about three hundred pages each.
Mr. HARDING. I ask whether there is
any copyright attached to the work ? Has the
Cierk the copyright, and if so, will we be com-
pelled to pay for it?
Mr. LAFLIN. No, sir. I do not under-
stand that there is any copyright at all.
Mr. MILLER. la this index absolutely
necessary?
Mr. LAFLIN. Certainly ; it is for the con-
venience of members.
Mr. G-ARFIELD. How many years does
it cover?
Mr. LAFLIN. From the beginning of the
Government to the present time.
Mr. GARFIELD. Allow me to say a single
word. We have a vast amount of valuable
material in the form of public documents that
are now almost entirely worthless from the want
of an index. I have beenin favor of so amend-
ing our copyright law, whenever the time comes
that we can get at it, so that no person shall
have a copyright whose book does not contain
an analytical index. And I wish we might pass
a law that no book shall ever again be printed
by the House or by its authority of more than
thirty pages without an exhaustive alphabetical
index. 1 agree that this is an exceedingly
valuable work, and as part of my remarks I
will road an extract from a letter on the sub-
ject by the venerable Horace Binney :
" So essential did I consider an index to be to every
book that I proposed to deprivo an author who pub-
lishes a book without an index of the privilege of
copyright, and moreover to subject him for this of-
fense to a pecuniary penalty. If I had my own way
in the modification of tho copyright, law I think I
would make the duration of the privilege depend
materially on its h aving such a directory—an index."
Mr. LAFLIN. I yield two* minutes ; one
minute to the member from Massachusetts.
• Mr. BANKS. This index embraces all the
reports that have been made to the two Houses,
including executive documents from the found-
ation of the Government. It has not cost up
to this time one dollar. The Clerk is entitled
to the credit of having performed hisduty under
a resolution I introduced without expense to
the Government. If these two volumes are
printed I thinkit will not cost more than fifteen
hundred or two thousand dollars for a sufficient
number to satisfy all the wants of the Govern-
ment. The copyright does not belong to the
Clerk but to the Government. Nobody can
have an interest in it except the Government.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask if this refers to the
Globe reports?
Mr. BANKS. No, sir; but to the reports
made to the House, and the public documents.
Mr. LAFLIN. I yield a moment to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania:
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will say, if it will not
prejudice the resolution, that I am decidedly in
favor of it. I was afraid to state it lest it would
endanger its passage.
Mr. LAFLIN. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider tho vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
, • LEAVE TO PRINT REMARKS.
Mr. CORNELL obtained leave to print in the
Globe some remarks on the resumption of
specie payments. [See Appendix.]
PRINCE EDWARD ISLAND.
Mr. LAFLIN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That one thousand copies of the report
of the committee relative to Prince Edward Island
be printed for the use of the House.
I yield one minute to the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I merely
desire to say that this is a motion to print this
report to be sent to Prince Edward Island in
return for the report of the proceedings that
was printed there.
Mr. PlKE. I would inquire whether the
report advocates reciprocity ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It does
not. It advocates no reciprocity, either by legis-
lation or by treaty.
Mr. PIKE. Somebody has been advocating
reciprocity, and I cannot find out who.
Mr. LAFLIN. I move the previousquestion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY AFFAIRS.
Mr. LAFLIN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report the following
resolution :
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House two thousand extra copies of the testimony
of officers of the Army taken before the Committee
on Military Affairs, and the report of the committee
accompanying the same.
I yield three minutes to the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs to explain the
nature of the resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD. In this report, which has
already been ordered to be printed, and of
which two thousand extra copies are called
for by this resolution, there is a complete
statement of the distribution of the Army, the
number of civil employes in each staff depart-
ment and in the War Department generally,
an exhibition also of the number of enlisted
men detailed on extra duty, with the monthly
pay of each, and suggestions and facts drawn
put by the examination of twelve or thir-
teen leading officers of the Army in regard to
its present organization, together with sugges-
tions as to how it may be reduced and its
expenditures greatly lessened. We have not
time to go into legislation upon that subject
this session, but the report and the testimony
containing all these facts concerning the present
status of the Army will be most valuable as
the basis of future legislation. What is asked
for in this resolution is simply the printing of
a sufficient number of copies that each member
may send five or six, or perhaps ten copies at
the outside, to such leading officers of the
Army or others as may desire to make further
suggestions before legislation in the next Con-
gress may be called for.' I know of no reason
why this should not be done, and I presume
there will be no objection to it.
Mr. LAFLIN. I yield for two minutes to
thegentlemanfromJllinois,[Mr.FARS'S'WORTH.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We have a report
from the Secretary of War, a report from the
General of the Army, a report from the Adju-
tant General of the Army, and reports from the
heads of the different bureaus connected with
the Army. Besides that we have the report
of the very able chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, and I cannot see the necessity
of printing the testimony taken before the
committee.
While I am up I particularly desire to enter
my protest against this practice of here in the
closing hours of the session precipitating upon
the House all these reports from the Commit-
tee on Printing for printing documents about
which we can have no consideration, no delib-
eration, and no discussion.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to say to my
friend from Illinois that this document has
been ordered to be printed, and it is only a
question whether we shall have these extra
copies for use by members of the House. I
desire to say further that if the coming Con-
gress wishes to go into a thorough and careful
reduction of the Army and its expenditures
there is no document, there is no report, and,
so far as I know, there never has been a docu-
ment or a report that inits statistical information
and in its carefully-prepared statements from
persons to be relied upon as knowing all they
talk about, will at all compare in value with
this document. I do not say this because the
Committee on Military Affairs had charge of
the matter, but in consequence of the dis-
tinguished official sources from which these
statements come.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There has already
been o'ne copy printed for each member of the
House.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to say to the
gentleman that there are facts contained in this
report which are not to be found in other doc-
uments. For instance, we find by the testi-
