166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
country is not represented at all upon the com-
mittee.
Mr. WILSON'. I thought the Senator from
Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] was on the line of
that road, and a faithful representative of the
interests of that part of the country.
Mr. COIvBETf. It may be that upon the
Atlantic coast the northern section of the coun-
try is represented. I only speak of the north-
ern portion of the Pacific coast, which is inter-
ested in having a largo scction of country there
developed, and which has never had any rep-
resentation upon that committee. We have a
large country there. It is settled up by people
who went to that country in 1835 and 1838, and
we have been blocked up there and have not
had any communication with the eastern States.
1 hose people who settled there early were the
means of our acquiring that large extent of
country, as large as all the New England States
and New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio com-
bined, by their industry and energy, crossing
the mountains and settling in that country,
which was but little known and but little de-
veloped. They have been the means of our
acquiring a vast extent of country which at one
time was likely to be ceded by us to the Eng-
lish Government. The heroism of the early
settlers there has been the chief means of our
acquiring that territory. I desire that that peo-
ple should have a representation upon this
committee. I am in favor of the development
of this vast country and every portion of it by
such internal improvements as the Govern-
ment may think it best to grant. I only ask
that the people on the northern Pacific coast
may have a representation on this committee.
I he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be read as modified.
The Chief Cierk read it, as follows:
Jl'tolvetl. That tho Committor on the Pacific Rail-
rnml ho iiioieased by nddmir thereto two members,
tins addition not to extend beyond tho present session.
Mr. WILSON. There are six Senators from
the I acihc coast, and two of them are on this
committee already. Does the Senator from
Oregon ^propose Jo put another upon it.
Mr. CORBET l\ The proposition now be-
fore us is to add two more members to the
committee. As 1 understand the Senator from
California [Mr. Conxbss] represents tho
Southern Pacific railroad as well as the Cen-
tral, but the northern section of that country
has no representation upon the committee, and
J thought it would be nothing more than just
that one member from that section of the coun-
fiy should be placed upon it until the reorgan-
ization of the committee, when 1 !tin in hones
that this matter will be i emedied. One mem-
ber ot that committee ^tiil not be a member of
tho next Congress.
Mr._ WILSON._ Mr. President, here is a
committee consisting oi nine members. Five
of them represent Slates west of the Missis-
sippi river, and lour ot them represent Slates
east ot that stream. There is something in
this country east of the Mississippi river. I
do not know that there is anything east, of the
Alleghany mountains, but there is something
east of the Mississippi. Now, sir. if we are to
add to this committee, and I do not know but
that it would be right to do so, I think tho
two Senators placed upon it temporarily for
this session should be taken from the southern
section of the country, which is not repro
sen ted upon the committee. I think that two
members rom the Pacific const on this com-
mittee will do very well for that section, and
ds we have a good member of the committee
who understands the subject very well, living
oil the line of the Northern Pacific railroad, 1
tmnk that is a fair representation of that in-
terest. ihen, when we reconstruct this com-
mittee next year, I think it would be very well
to scatter the location of the committee over
the who e country, so as to make it represent j
the whole Union, and not locate it quite all I
on the Pacific coast, or a majority of it west i
of the Mississippi river. I think we ought to I
understand that there is something east of that i
nver.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I am quite disposed to reject the idea of
localities in the appointment of committees in
the Senate. I think, on the contrary, we
ought to represent the opinions of the Senate
and of the country. This subject of the Pacific
railroad involves great and controverted ques-
tions. Some portion of the Senate and of the
country believe that we ought to continue the
policy inaugurated by the first railroad bill,
and not only give lands, but subsidies, where
ever they are demanded. Another portion of
the Senate believe that this is reckless legisla-
tion, and that we have already gone as far as
we ought to go in that direction, and have paid
twice as much as it ought to have cost to ac-
complish what we wish to accomplish by the
present, legislation already on the statute-books.
There is another portion of the Senate and of
the country who believe that we ought to pur-
sue this business of opening communications
with the Pacific coast with some degree of
economy, to ascertain what we have already
done, and, if we do anything more, that we
shall do it properly, in the right places, and
for the least possible expenditure. In my
judgment, the localities of the representatives
of the country upon this committee are wholly
unimportant; but it is important that wo shall
give all these various shades of sentiment in
the Senate and in the country a fair represent-
ation on that, committee. That is all that I ask
for as a member of the Senate.
Mr. CORBETf. I do not desire anything
more than a fair representation upon that com-
mittee. Senators should remember that there
is a vast country bordering thereupon the noi th-
crtyPticilic coast, although it consists of but
one State and one Territory. We should also
remember that the distance trom San Francisco
to Puget sound and that section of country is
greater than the distance from New York to
New Orleans.^ It is a distance of some seven
hundred or eight hundred miles. Not, only
that, but we have a vast, country beyond there
which will eventually be opened up by the
Northern Pacificrailroad. 1 think it is import-
ant that there should be a member of the com-
mittee from that section of the country who
can give information as to the importance of
the country and the importance of developing
it to the committee. It there is no representa-
tive Irom that section upon the committee the
committee in discussing these questions can
have no information in regard to it. During
the discussion of railroad bills it is frequently
necessary to refer to a member of the commit-
tee the question as to the extent of the country
and (lie importance of such a road.
Now, sir, I submit, in all candor to the Sen-
ate, that it is important that a member should
be placed upon that committee to represent
that country which is some eight or nine hun-
dred miles north of the present line of the
1 acihc road, and to explain to the committee
the necessity and importance of either estab-
lishing a branch road to that country or a
northern Pacific road. 1 have not suggested
any amendment to the resolution, but merely
stated that I thought that the northern Pacific
coast ought to be represented upon that com-
mittee.
Ihe PRESIDENT pr, tcm,pore The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the resolution, as mod-
ified.
.The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
PRESIDENTpro tempore. How shall
the additional members of the committee be
appointed?
Mr. RICE. If it be in order I move that
the President pro tempore of the Senate ap-
point, the additional members of the commit-
tee. By unanimous consent I believe that can
be done.
The motion was agreed to.
indian superintendents and agents.
directed to report to the Senate the names of the
Indian superintendents and agents, and whether
any, and it so, which of siud superinten.lents and
agents are absent from their posts.
EXAMINATION OF PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. THAYER. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Jteiohtd, That tho President of tho United States
bo requested toinstructthesainespecial commission-
ers who have examined the Union Pacific railroad
west of Omaha and the Union Pacific railroad, east-
ern division, to complete the examination of all tbo
Pacific railroads as far as constructed under the same
instructions under which examinations have already
been made by them, and report tho amounts neces-
sary to complete said roads according to the stand-
ard of a first-class railroad, as required by law.
Mr. STEWART. I object to the present
consideration of the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it lies over under the rule.
unio.v pacific railroad reports.
Mr. HOWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
lleaohed. That tho Secretary of the Treasury bo
requested to communicate to the Senate tho reports
of the union Pacific Railroad Company and its
branches, as requested by the Senate resolution of
the 3d of July last.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned, to meet on the 5th of January next.
Mi. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Besctvc'U That tho ?ccrotary of the Interior bo
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 21, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m., Mr.
Washbdrxe, of Illinois, occupying the Chair
as Speaker pro tempore.
Ihe Journal ot Friday last was read and
approved.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
the committee had examined and found truly
emolled bills of the following titles ; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 1-556) to relieve certain
persons ot all political disabilities imposed by
the fourteenth article of the amendments to
the Constitution of the United States; and
An act (H. R. No. 1555) to amend an act
entitled "An act imposing taxes on distilled
spirits and tobacco, and for other purposes,"
approved July 20, 1868.
message fuoji the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Bcech,
one of its clerks, announced that that body
had passed a bill and joint resolution of the
following titles; in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House:
An act (8. No. 711) relating to the Metro-
pohtan ivailrodd Company; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 178) tendering
sympathy to the people of Spain.
3IKSSAGE i'RO.M THE PRESIDENT,
A message from the President, by Mr. Wil-
liam: G. Moore, his Private Secretary, informed
the House that he had approved and signed a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 375) donating con-
demned cannon tor the erection of a monSmeut
to major General Kearny.
ORDER Of BUSINESS.
• fMrj I ask unanimous consent to
introduce some bills.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
would state to the gentleman from Illinois that
is not ill his power to receive any bills to-dav.
JhZ?S e,oro" °f lIle House that no business
whatever should be transacted to-day except to
receive a report from the Committee on Re-
trenchment.
such wmheL order.1 ^ not Mdersta d that
Thatwasth*
read""' ^^DING. 1 ask to have the order
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Tha Chair
