1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1871
mony that there are to-day fifteen thousand
persons employed in the quartermaster's de-
partment alone, at a pay of nearly half a mil-
lion dollars a month, and of that number more
than ten thousand are civilians, and a little over
four thousand are soldiers and enlisted men
detailed on extra duty.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have seen the same
statement in all the papers of the country.
Mr. LAFLIN. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The question was put on seconding the pre-
vious question, and there were—ayes 46, noes
50; no quorum voting.
Mr. LAFLIN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered: and Mr. Laflix and
Mr. Scofield were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 66, noes 53.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question was, " Shall the main question
be now put?"
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the resolution
be laid on the table.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 61, noes 55.
Before theresult of the vote was announced,
Mr. GARFIELD called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holmax and
Mr. Garfield were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers S
reported that there were—ayes sixty-four noes
not'counted.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. LAFLIN". I move to reconsider the
various votes disposing of the resolutions from
the Committee on Printing; and I also move
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
election Of speaker.
Mr. HULBURD, on behalf of the commit-
tee appointed to wait upon the President of
the United States, and to inform him of the
resignation of Hon. Schuyler Colfax, and
the election of Hon. Theodore M. Pomeroy
as Speaker of this House for the remainder of
the Fortieth Congress, reported that the com-
mittee had performed that duty.
The SPEAKER. The report will be entered
upon the Journal.
business from committee on accounts.
Mr. BROOMALL. I ask unanimous con-
sent of the House for permission to make sun-
dry reports from the Committee on Accounts.
That committee has not been called this ses-
sion, and they have had referred to them several
important matters which require action by the
House.
Mr. HIGBY. How long will it take?
Mr. BROOMALL. Half an hour, perhaps.
Mr. ECKLEY. I object. I desire to say
that I am on the Committee on Accounts, and
I know nothing about this report.
Mr. BROOilALL. I move to suspend the
rules in order to allow me to make reports at
this time from the Committee on Accounts.
Mr. ECKLEY. On that motion I ask for
tellers.
The question was taken upon ordering tellers;
and there were fifteen in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken upon suspending
the rules; and upon a division there were—
ayes 68, noes 40.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
contingent fund of the house.
Mr. BROOMALL. I now call up the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the House
recommitted to the Committee on Accounts a j
report presented on Saturday last. j
Mr.-IIOLMAN. What is the report? i
Mr. BROOMALL. It is report No. 86, of i
this session, ofthe Committee on Accounts, who |
were directed by resolution of July 15, 1868, j
to investigate the disbursement of the con- I
tingent fund of the House for the years 1867
and 1868, with power to send for persons and
papers, when the same can be done without
expense to the Government.
I do not desire to have this report read at
length unless members desire to hear it read.
It refers to certain resolutions, &c., which I
propose to offer one at a time. The report
has been printed and laid upon the tables of
members.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope we shall be per-
mitted to hear from the gentliman from Ohio
[Mr. Eckley] on this subject. He is a mem-
ber of the Committee on Accounts, and has
just made a very remarkable statement here.
Mr. BROOMALL. I will yield to my col-
league on the committee, [Mr. Eckley,] the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. ECKLEY. A report has been laid upon
our tables that has been made without my
knowledge as a member of the Committee on
Accounts. I was in the committee, and dis-
agreed to a report that was submitted. But
that report was afterward submitted to the
House late at night, as I understood, when
there were but few members here. It pur-
ports to be a report from the Committee on
Accounts. I did not agree to the report" be-
cause it did not contain matters which I thought
had been referred to the Committee on Ac-
counts, and because it contained statements
of facts which I knew to be not true.
Mr. BROOMALL. All I can say is that I
was directed by the majority of the committee
to make this report. 1 know my colleague on
the committee dissented from the report of the
committee. I have no kind of objection to his
making a minority report if he desires to do so.
Mr. ECKLEY. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman if the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
McCcllough] ever concurred in that report?
Mr. BR.OOMALL. The gentleman Irom
Maryland was not one of those assenting to
the report, although I believe he ha3 no par-
ticular objection to it.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. The first I knew of
this report was on Saturday morning last.
When the chairman read the report to the com-
mittee I observed it. contained statements of
facts of which I then knew nothing, and which
I have reason now to believe are not stated as
they should be.
On Saturday morning last I asked the chair-
man of the committee [Mr. Broomall] not to
submit that report to the House until I had had
an opportunity to investigate the facts, for I
desired to join in the report of the majority of
the committee if I could do so. There are
certain allegations in that report, and one in
particular, in regard to which I asked the chair-
man where he got his information, and he could
not tell me. It is alleged in the report that
certain employes of the Government on the
pay-roll of the House were employed in the
committee-room of the Republican party during
the last presidential election. It is also alleged
that certain employes were taken from the j
executive department of the Government and ;
employed by the Democratic party. I asked j
the chairman for the evidence of that. He j
could not give it to me. He said that was the ;
general report. I then asked him not to make
that report until I could have an opportunity
of investigating it. He promised me to do so.
The first thing I knew was that this report was
presented to the House late on Saturday night—
a report professing to come from the committee,
not from a majority of the committee. I told
him then that 1 had no time to prepare a minor-
ity report at the heel of the session, and asked
him that before he made the report I might
have an opportunity to investigate the facts.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, I had not
the slightest idea of being discourteous toward
my colleague on the committee, [Mr. McCul- ;
lough.] He is certainly mistaken as to the !
position in which this matter stands before the i
House. I did not make a report on Saturday
night. I presented the report of the majority;
of the committee and asked that it be recom- i
mitted and ordered to be printed. I notified
my colleague that before the close of the ses-
sion, probably on the last legislative day, I
would-call it up, giving him an opportunity to
be present.
With respect to the question he asks about
the authority of the majority of the committee
to say that the political parties obtained assist-
ance from the legislative and executive depart-
ments for the distribution of their documents,
I can only say that I know the fact of my own
personal knowledge.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. That is what you did
not say when I asked you.
Mr. BROOMALL. I know further that the
report is a little too lenient toward the gentle-
man's own party, because one man who was
obtained from the legislative department for
the political service of his party is not men-
tioned in the report because the fact was not
known to the majority of the committee at the
time. The committee do not blame anybody
for this. They simply state the fact. It was
the most natural thing in the world that the sur-
plus time of the employes of the House should
be devoted to the dissemination of the political
principles of the political parties ; and I do not
know that it has ever been a matter of complaint.
As it may possibly have increased the contin-
gent expenses of the Government, it was so
far as it did so wrong; but so far as it merely
employed the spare time of those who had to
be retained during the recess there was no
harm in it.
I say now that the majority of the commit-
tee, to wit, three members, are now present
and make this report. It is not the report of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Eceley] or of
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. McCetl-
lough.] my colleagues on the committee; but
I think the gentleman from Maryland will say,
in fairness to the majority, that he does not
materially dissent from any part of their re-
port. I yield to him for a moment.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. As I stated before,
I know nothing about the facts contained in
this report, and that is what I complain of. I
will, however, state again thatwhen the gentle-
man made the allegation that certain employes
had been in the employ of the Democratic
party during the last presidential election while
they were receiving pay from the Government
I asked him for the evidence of that fact, and he
told me he did not know where it was. Now,
if he has the evidence, which he could not give
to me on last Saturday morning, I would like
him to state it. What I complain of is that
this report was made without giving me an
opportunity to investigate the truth or falsity
of the statements made. The gentleman says
he has not made this report.
Mr. BROOMALL. Not until just now.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. Why, the report as
printed begins: "Mr. Bkoomall, from the
Committee on Accounts, made the following
report.''
Mr. BROOMALL. To be recommitted.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. That report was made
on Saturday last. It was printed and goes to
the country as printed, and what I complain of
is that it has been made without giving us, the
minority of the committee, an opportunity to
investigate the matter, and when we now have
no time to make an investigation for the pur-
pose of preparing a minority report.
Mr. BROOMALL. I must resume thefloor,
because otherwise too much time will be occu-
pied with this matter. I desire to yield one
moment to my colleague on the committee,
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Arxell,]
that he may stale whether or not this is the
report of the committee.
Mr. ARNELL. Mr. Speaker, this report
was certainly made from the Committee on
Accounts. I, as one of the members of that
committee, gave my assent to it. It is cer-
tainly my report and the report of the majority
of the Committee on Accounts.
Mr. BROOMALL. I now yield to my other
colleague on the committee, from New Y<?rk,
