1874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
this resolution passes, as least for a few hours,
as it is contemplated only to pay those who
have done labor, arid not those who have done
110 labor. The gentleman from Tennessee has
asked a very proper question. You will notice
by the resolution there is a proviso that the
present Committee on Accounts shall designate
and report to the present House, otherwise the
resolution would go for nothing. That was con-
sidered necessary because the present com-
mittee have the knowledge which would require
a great deal of time to acquire.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. 1 yield to the gentle-
man from New York.
Mr. WOOD. I am satisfied from my expe-
rience in this House that the matter of the
employment of clerks and pajing them liber-
ally is one which has become a great abuse of
the Treasury. There are but few committees,
one or two, at the utmost three committees
of this House which absolutely require clerks.
The ordinary committees have no duties which
tliey are not able to perform themselves without
any such assistance as this.
The gentleman from Tennessee asked the
gentleman from Maryland to state where a
clerk who was unnecessary was paid. I have
the honor to be the member of a committee
where the clerk distinctly declared that he
would not accept the position if there was any-
thing to do.
Mr. MAYNARD. What committee is that?
Mr. WOOD. They are in the main corre-
spondents of Republican newspapers, who avail
themselves of the advantages of their positions
as clerks of committees to come upon this floor,
and, in some instances, to lobby for schemes
to rob the Treasury, and who employ their
leisure moments to write scurrilous articles
against members oT Congress whom they do
not like. I am opposed to the employment of
clerks for committees unless they are neces-
sary ; and where they are necessary I am in
favor of paying tiiern liberally, but with the
provision they shall attend to their duties as
clerks and nothing else.
'Mr. BROOMALL. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Minnesota.
Mr. W1ND0M. Mr. Speaker, I have no
interest hereafter whether the Committee on
Indian Affairs has a clerk or not; but I am
informed that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania stated that the clerk of that committee
had nothing to do.
Mr. SCOFIELD. No, sir; I did not say
any such thing. I said that that committee
had never met but once this session, and that
was with the Senate committee.
Mr. WINDOM. It is true; and it has been
because the committee has not been and could
not be called during this session. If the gen-
tleman had been more prompt at the last ses-
sion he would have known more of its business
than he seems to have done.
Mr. SCOFIELD. In reply to that reflec-
tion upon me I wish to say that during the
last winter I think I was present at every meet-
ing of the committee when a quorum could be
obtained. The chairman himself was absent
a part of the time, but I will say that it was
on account of sickness in his family. I was
myself always present, but we never had any-
thing to do.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. The object of this
resolution is, as I understand it, to equalize the
pay of these clerks according to the services
they have performed. If that be the object of
the resolution I do not think it will accomplish
the purpose. I was present when one of these
committee clerks gave his testimony, and he
stated that he had never made an entry.
Now, I say if a committee employs a man
as a clerk and keeps him here at expense he
oug4it to be paid. The fault is in having the
clerks at all where they are not required. This
resolution, however, does not remedy the evil.
It will pay as much to the clerks who have had
nothing to do as to those who have been labor-
ing all the session. It will pay those who were
needed no more than those who should not
have been employed at all. One committee
clerk, as the testimony will show, was a lumber-
man brought from the State of Maine, and he
had never made an entry.
Mr. BROOMALL. I can explain that in
two or three words. My colleague entirely
agrees with me that certain committee clerks
are underpaid and certain ones are overpaid.
This resolution only contemplates the payment
to those who are underpaid enough to make
their salaries something like adequate to the
service and the payment of nothing to those
who do no work. The guard, as I said, is in
the fact that the resolution passes for nothing
unless it is adjusted by the present Committee
on Accounts and reported to the present House.
I will say also that the evidence upon which
this is to be done is in my hands. It cannot
be done by the House, but it can be done in
two hours by the committee. They will re-
port the evidence also to the House, if the
House desires it.
Mr. PIKE. Allow me one half a minute.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. McCul-
lough] says one committee clerk came from
Maine. It was an entirely proper State to
bring a clerk of a committee from. That he
never made an entry is true. I do not believe
a single clerk of a committee has ever made
an entry. It is no part of their duty to do it.
The committee to which the gpntleman referred
I suppose is the Naval Committee. It has had
a constant succession of meetings twice a week
for the whole session, with abundance of busi-
ness before it. It is no part of the business
of the committee to say whether it will have a
clerk or not. This clerk was assigned by the
House. This employment of clerks to com-
mittees is a matter that has grown up within a
few years. The number of committees has been
increased, and in the Senate each committee,
I think, has a clerk -whether it has anything
to do or not. The whole system should be
remodeled.
Mr. BROOMALL. I yield half a minute to
the gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. In answer to the gen-
tleman from Maine I will state that I merely
designated a clerk of a committee as coming
from the State of Maine. I did not know what
committee it was, but the gentleman has indi-
cated it. Now, I do not know what duties he
has had to perform, but that the testimony he
himself gave will prove the truth of what I say.
Mr. PIKE. He will always tell the truth I
have no doubt.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ECKLEY. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 54, not voting
85; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ames. Archer, Arnell,
JamesM. Ashley, Baldwin, Benton, Blackburn. Blair,
Boies, Boutwell, Bowen, lioyden, Bromwell, Bi oom-
a 11, Buckley, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, Chilis, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke. Cliffc, Dixon, Thomas D. Eliot, James T. El-
liott, Ferriss, Fields, French, Goss, Gove, Grover,
Haight,, Haughey, Heaton, IXigby, Richard i). Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Jonekes, Alexander H..Tones, Julian,
Koontz, Lash. Lincoln, Loan, Logan, McKee, Mer-
cur. Miller, Moore, Morrell, Mullins. Myers, News-
ham, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pettis, Poland,
Prince, Robertson,Schenck, Selye, Sitgreaves, Smith,
Stai kweather, Stewart, Stokes, Stover, Sypher, Taffe,
Lawrence S. Trim ble. Twich el 1. Van Aern am, Whit te-
more, Thomas Williams, William Williams, James
F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Wood, and Young—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Axtell, Bailey, Baker, Barnum,
Beamau, Beatty, Boyer, Brooks, Cary, Cobb, Cook,
Corley, Cornell, Eekley, Ferry, Garfield, Getz, Gol-
laday, Hawkins, Holman, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Hun-
ter, ThomasL. Jones, Judd.Kelsey,Kitchen, Laflin,
William Lawrence, Loughrtdge, Mallory, McCarthy,
McCormick, McCullough, Morrissey, Niblack, Pile,
Price, Pruyn.Seofield, Shellabarger, Spalding,Taber,
laylor, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Anken, Burt Van
Horn, Van Trump, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry
11. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker, and
Windom—54.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos
R.Ashley, Banks, Barnes, Bcck, Benjamin, Bingham,
Blaine, Buckland, Cake, Churchill, Coburn, Colfax,
Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Delano, Deweese, Dickey,
Dockery, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Edwards, Eggles-
ton, Ela, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Fox, Glossbrenner,
Gravely, Griswold, Halsoy, Hamilton, Harding, Hill,
Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Humphrey, Ingersoll, Johnson, Kelley, Kellogg,
Kerr, Ketcham, Knott, George V. Lawrence. Lynch,
Marshall, Marvin, Maynard, Moorhead, Mnngen,
Newcomb, Nicholson, Norris, Nunn, Peters, Phelps,
Pierce, Pike, Plants, Polsley, Randall, Raum, Rob-
inson, Roots. Ross, Sawyer, Shanks, Stevens, Stono,
Thomas, Tilt, John Trimble. Robert T. Van Horn,
Van Wyck. Vidal. Ward. Elihu B. Wubhburne, Ste-
phen F. Wilson, Woodbridge. and Woodward—85,
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BROOMALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had insisted upon its amendments, disagreed
to by the House, to the bill (H. R. No. 1673)
making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1870; had agreed to the conference asked by the
House, and had appointed as the conferees
on the part of the Senate Mr. Morrill of
Maine, Mr. Howe, and Mr. Whyte.
The message also announced that the Senate
had insisted upon its amendments, disagreed
to by the House, to the bill (H. R. 375) to
repeal an act approved March 2, 18S7, entitled
"An act to regulate the disposition of fines,
penalties, and forfeitures received under the
laws relating to the customs, and for other pur-
poses," and to amend certain acts forthe pre-
vention and punishment of frauds upon the
revenue, and tor the prevention of smuggling,
had agreed to the conference asked by the
House, and had appointed as conferees on the
part of the Senate Mr. Chaxdler, Mr. Kel-
logg, and Mr. Morgan.
The message also announced that the Senate
had insisted upon its amendments, disagreed
to by the House, to the bill (H. R. No. 1967)
to compensate the officers and crew of the
United States steamer Kearsarge for the de-
struction of the rebel piratical vessel Alabama,
had agreed to the conference asked for by the
House, and had appointed as conferees on the
part of the Senate Mr. Grimes, Mr. Coxkling,
and Mr. Drake.
The message also announced that the Senate
had insisted upon its amendments, disagreed
to by the House, to the bill (H. R. No. 1808)
making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department for the year ending
June 30, 1870, had agreed to the conference
asked by the House, and had appointed as con-
ferees on the part of the Senate Mr. Conklixg,
Mr. Ramsey, and Mr. Davis.
deficiency bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the amendments
of the Senate to the deficiency bill.
Mr. ARNELL. I object.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to suspend the
rules for that purpose.
The question was taken; and two thirds
voting in favor thereof, the rules were sus-
pended and the House proceeded to the con-
sideration of the amendments of the Senate to
the bili (H. R. No. 1911) to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1869, and for other purposes.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have looked over these
amendments. Some of them are not very im-
portant, but others are. There are a good
many of them which are pretty long, and I
move to suspend the rules to dispense with
the reading of them.
The question was taken ; and two thirds
voting in the affirmative, the rules were sus-
pended and the reading of the amendments
was dispensed with.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the House
non-concur in the amendments of the Senate,
and that a conference be asked on the dis'
agreeing votes of th", two Houses thereon.
The motion was iigreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Scofield,
