1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and printed; and in making that motion I
would say that the act which I p-ropose to re-
peal is one of the old pro-slavery enactments
which still lark in our statute book, aud it
ought to be expelled.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 729) to provide for the execution in the
District of Columbia of commissions issued by
the courts of the States and Territories of the
United States, and of foreign nations, and for
taking depositions to be used in such courts ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 730) supplementary to an act entitled " An
act to confirm the titles to certain lands in the
State of Nebraska;" which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 731) to authorize the New York, New-
foundland, and London Telegraph Company
to laud its submarine cable upon the shores of
the United States; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No, 782) to declare certain post roads in the
State of Nevada ; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 733)
to enable the people of Georgia to form a State
government republican in form ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
H-nt obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
784) to create an additional collection district
in the State of California; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 735)
to prevent the extermination of fur-bearing
animals in Alaska, and to protect the inhabit-
ants thereof; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 736) to authorize the establishment of
ocean mail steamship service between the
United States and Mexico; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent,
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 737)
to incorporate the Central Indian Railroad
Company in the Indian territory; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. It. No. 192) to prevent the landing
of any foreign submarine cable without author-
ity of Congress ; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the resolution
be referred to the Committee on Commerce._
Mr. GRIMES. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary is the proper reference.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Iowa
suggests the Judiciary Committee. I have no
preference, but I thought the Committee on
Commerce was the proper committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. SUMNER. It might go to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Com-
merce, or the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Either might take jurisdiction of it.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest, on reflection, that
the Committee on Foreign Relations would be
the most proper.
Mr. GRIMES. I am content; butitseems
to me the question that is going to be presented
by this resolution will be the conflict of juris-
diction between the Federal and State Govern-
ments. That is a judicial' question, and it
ought to go to thd Judiciary Committee to set-
tle it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion will be taken first on the first-named com-
mittee. The question is on referring the reso-
lution to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
It was so referred.
DISABILITIES Of JOHN G. STOKES.
Mr. WARNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 738) to relieve from disabilities John G.
Stokes, a citizen of Alabama; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. WARNER., I ask for a suspension of
the rule, that this bill may be immediately
passed ; and I will state to the Senate briefly
the reason for this somewhat unusual action.
Mr. Stokes has been electcd to the office of
county solicitor, or prosecuting attorney of
the couiity of Montgomery, Alabama. The
court meets next Monday, and it will be impos-
sible for him to enter upon the discharge of the
duties of his office without this relief. If a
reference of the bill is made it will probably
delay it so as to be too late to meet the wants
of the case. I will state that Mr. Stokes is
known to me personally, living in my own
town, and is also well known to my colleague,
and we both can vouch unqualifiedly for his
loyalty and for the propriety of relieving him.
I hope that present action on the bill may be
taken under the circumstances.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to amend the bill by
inserting the name of a gentleman situated
under similar circumstances.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. The ques-
tion now is on proceeding to the consideration
of the bill, which requires unanimous consenW
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill,which proposes to remove all po-
litical disabilities imposed on John G. Stokes,
a citizen of Alabama, by reason of the four-
teenth article of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. FOWLER. I move to amend the bill
by inserting after the word "Alabama" the
words " and De Witt C. Senter, of Tennessee."
Mr. Senter is now a member ot our Legislature,
and he is supposed to labor under disabilities.
He has been a thoroughly loyal man since the
reorganization of the State. I hope the amend-
ment will be agreed to without objection.
Mr. STEWART. If the bill is to be amended
I shall feel compelled to move its reference to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PATTERSON, ofTennessee. Will the
Senator allow me to make a statement?
Mr. STEWART. One word. The Senator
from Alabama explained the particular circum-
stances of this case, that Mr. Stokes was about
to enter upon the discharge of the duties of
his office almost immediately, and it being an
exceedingly hard case I thought I would make
no objection to it if the bill could go through
in that form; but if the bill is to be loaded
with amendments I shall insist on its refer-
ence. If one amendment is put on now there
will be a dozen upon it before it gets through
the other House. If the bill can be passed,
allowing this man to enter on the discharge of
his duties without amendment I have no objec-
tion, because I think it ought to pass. But if
you add names to it it will be back here again in
a day or two with a large number of additional
names from the other House. Under the
circumstances, therefore, if amendments are to
be insisted upon, I think the bill had better be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
If the-araendment is insisted upon the bilb'-i.i
n«t accomplish its ordinal purpose, because it
will be loaded down wi-th a dozen-Barnes beftfrfe
it gets through, and will come back:her& for
concurrence, and this man will not be relieved
in time to answer his purpose. I think, there-
fore, it had better be considered in t^e usual
way.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. It is,
perhaps, proper to state that Mr. Senter is now
president of the senate of the Legislature of
Tennessee, and upon the resignation t>f Gov-
ernor Brownlow, which must occur prior to the
4th of March, ho will succeed him as Governor
of the State. I think the case of Mr. Senter
is quite as strong as that of Mr. Stokes, of Ala-
bama. Under our constitution the president
of the senate succeeds the Governor in case of
his resignation. Governor Brownlow is my
successor, and will take his seat in the Senate
on the 4th of March next, and of course he
must resign the governorship between this and
the4th of March, and theft Mr. Senter will suc-
ceed him. J think a stronger case can be made
out for Mr. Senter than for Mr. Stolses, of Ala-
bama. Perhaps the Senator from Nevada was
not aware of these facts.
Mr. STEWART. I was not aware of those
facts; but still I think the bill had better be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The committee meet to-morrow; these two
names can go there, and we can report imme-
diately.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I sup-
pose there can be no objection to inserting the
name of Mr. Senter. 1 have stated the facts.
He succeeds Governor Brownlow as Governor
of the State; he is now president of the senate.
Governor Brownlow will certainly resign the
governorship between this and the 4th of March
and Mr. Senter will succecd hiin as Governor'
of Tennessee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on referring the bill to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. FOWLER. Rather than interfere with
the bill I will withdraw the amendment. _ I do
not want any personal objection to me to inter-
fere with the relieving of this citizen, who ought
to be relieved.
The PRESIDENT protempore. The Sena-
tor from Tennessee withdraws his amendment.
Does the Seuator from Nevada withdraw his
motion ?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. RICE. I suggest, as a two-thirds vote
is required to pass the bill, that the yeas and
nays will have to be called.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator is right in supposing that it reqnires a two-
thirds vote ; but a unanimous vote is certainly
equivalent to that. The bill is passed.
COPIES OK PAPERS AS EVIDENCE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a bill on the
table that has passed the House of Represent-
atives, and has been reported by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, which it is important
should pass at an early day in order to have it
take effect with reference to matters that are
now pending in court. It is House bill No.
1428. 1 move that the Senate proceed to its
consideration. It will take but a moment.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1428) authorizing
the admission in evidence of copies of certain
papers, documents, and entries.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with amendments. The amendments
were, in line three to strike out thewords"any
and" and to insert the word " official" before
" papers;" and after the word " documents"
to insert the words " belonging to and;" in
line six to strikeout the words "any and"
before the word "all," and after the word
"all" to insert the word " officialand in
| line nine, after the words "UnitedStates," to
I strike out the words "and shall have, a? evi-
