1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1123
and a Iialf years have more than $150,000,000
in its Treasury after paying the interest upon
the public debt as it should accrue? Would not
every man in the country who held a green-
back go up to the Treasury at the end of the
time and demand the gold for it? Would not
the Treasury be robbed at once of eveiy dollar
of its gold, and perhaps $200,000,000 of green-
backs, to redeem which there would not be a
dollar left in the Treasury? Would not that
experiment bring ruin and distress upon the
country?
These are briefly some of the objections to
the policy advocated by the distinguished Sen-
ator, and I think they are good and valid
objections. They are not derived from any
authorities or books ; they do not depend upon
any theory, but they are the dictates of com-
mon sense ; and experience teaches us that
such would be the inevitable result of the
adoption of the Senator's policy.
Now, what does the Committee on Finance
propose? Objections are made to it by various
gentlemen ; but it is one thing to object, and
another thing to propose a substitute. 1 defy
any man in America to suggest any financial
plan to which plausible objections may not be
made. It is an impossible thing to do. And
simply because Senators can rise here and
criticise and find fault, does it necessarily fol-
low that we shall do nothing? Are we to wait
while the country is demanding action at our
hands until some system is devised so perfect
as to be beyond the reach of any man's ob-
jections? It would seem, from the attacks
made upon this plan, that we were to wait until
such a result could be produced.
One of two things, it seems to me, Mr. Presi-
dent, is inevitable if we ever resume specie
payments. One is that the gold in the Treas-
ury must be brought up in quantity to the
neighborhood of the quantity of greenbacks
in circulation, or the greenbacks in circulation
must be reduced in quantity to the neighbor-
hood of the amount of gold in the Treasury
or of gold that the Government can command.
That is the only practicable way in which you
can produce specie payments. You must
bring the quantity of greenbacks and the quan-
tity of gold somewhere together, somewhere
in the same neighborhood, and then it is prac-
ticable to resume.
Now the committee propose to allow persons
who have greenbacks to fund them in ten-forty
bonds. The objection made to this policy,
and the only objection on the part of the hon-
orable Senator, is that it would produce a
sudden andviolent contraction of the currency.
Let that section stand as it was reported by the
honorable chairman of the committee, and I
undertake to say that it would not begin to
produce that contraction in the currency which
the adoption of the plan proposed by the Sen-
ator from Indiana would produce. But, sir, I
propose to meet and answer his objection. 1
propose that this process of conversion shall
not go on at a rate more rapid than $2,000,000
per month. Would not that prevent the violent
and sudden contraction which he anticipates?
No doubt of that; and yet the Senator seems
to be as much opposed to this amendment,
which is intended to meet his objection and
correspond with his views, as to the original
proposition of the bill.
Now, sir, I think that amendment is desir-
able. I am apprehensive, as these bonds are
eight per cent, above par, that if persons hold-
ing greenbacks in the country were allowed to
convert them into ten-forty bonds as rapidly as
they please there would be a contraction of the
currency that would produce distress in the
country; but I propose that there shall be a
gradual conversion of the greenbacks into ten-
forty bonds, and in such a manner, too, as
everybody can understand. Everybody will
know, if my amendment is adopted, exactly
at what rate this conversion is to proceed, and
therefore men can accommodate their business
to this change of greenbacks into bonds. I
think it is desirable for the business men of the
country to know exactly what the operation
and effect of this system will be. Under my
amendment they will fully understand it; they
will know that if this process is adopted it can
only go on at the rate of $2,000,000 per month,
and therefore they can prepare themselves for
that contraction in the currency. But without
this amendment the amount of conversion
would be unknown to the country. Perhaps
the actual change would not produce as much
evil as the apprehension that would prevail
among business men that a large amount of
circulation would be converted into bonds;
and this apprehension, as it appears to me,
would be what would produce the disorder and
the trouble in the country.
Now, what objection can the Senator have
to the amendment that I have proposed? Does
it not provide for a gradual resumption of
specie payments, or a gradual reduction of the
greenbacks in circulation? And will the Sen-
ator, with all the learning that he has derived
from English history, undertake to say that a
reduction in the amount of greenbacks will
not necessarily appreciate the value of the bal-
ance ? Suppose there were only $100,000,000
of Treasury notes in circulation in the United
States, would they not be worth more per dol-
lar than $400,000,000 in circulation? Cer-
tainly, as is suggested by my friend from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Edmunds,] that is the very argu-
ment the Senator made as to the bonds.
Sir, what is the argument of the Senator?
He complains bitterly because we have a fluc-
tuating currency. He says that the greenbacks
are a dishonored paper, and he portrays the
evils of such a currency in glowing colors.
Admit all that, and where is the remedy ?
Where is the money with which to pay these
greenbacks or redeem them ? There is the
difficulty. Any man can talk of the evils of a
fluctuating currency, and speak of the great
benefits to the country which would result
from the resumption of specie payments; but
where is the man that can show tha money with
which to redeem this currency? Sir, the Sen-
ator can make no suggestion upon that subject
that is at all practicable. He talks about hoard-
ing up the gold in the Treasury for two years
and a half, and then expects that $150,000,000
of gold in the Treasury at that time will pay
off a debt of ยง400,000,000 of Treasury notes.
The Senator assumes, and wishes to have the
people of this country understand, as though
he was the peculiar representative of the peo-
ple upon the floor of the Senate, and all others
who differ with him upon the subject of finances
are the enemies of the people. He says let the
people understand that the proposition here
made is to convert the greenbacks into bonds,
and that the object is to appreciate the value
of the bonds. The chairman of the committee
endeavored to make the Senator understand
that the primary object of this process was to
appreciate the value of the greenback by en-
abling a man who had $1,000 of greenbacks
in his pocket to conveit them into a ten-
forty bond, bearing five per cent, interest in
gold. Does any man controvert the declara-
tion that if an individual with a greenback of
that nature could convert it into such a bond
the greenback would be appreciated in value?
That is the primary object, to bring the green-
backs up in value, so that they will come nearer
to a currency that is convertible into coin;
and this process is adopted because there is no
other practicable process that can be adopted
to accomplish that purpose. I 'will ask the
honorable Senatorif the Government owes this
debt, as he says a dishonored debt, if the cred-
tor of the Government has not a right to call
on the Government if it cannot pay the money
to give a bond to pay interest upon the debt
which it owes to the individual ? Why should
the men of this country who have greenbacks
in their possession be put upon a different foot-
ing from those who hold the bonds of the Gov-
ernment? Is not one creditor entitled to as
much consideration at the hands of the Gov-
ernment as another creditor? Shall thousands
of men to whom the Government is indebted
be allowed to have bonds as the evidence of
that debt and draw interest thereon while thou-
sands of others are denied that privilege and
that right? Sir, this bill is intended exclusively
for the benefit of the men who hold Treasury
notes in this country ; it is intended to give
them privileges and rights they have not here-
tofore possessed ; it is intended to appreciate
the money which they hold in their hands ; it is
intended to put the people of this country who
have these greenbacks as money upon an equal
footing with the bondholders of the country.
The honorable Senator assails the provision
of the bill which provides for coin notes. I
could not but be amused to see how the hon-
orable Senator labored to find some fault with
that provision. Every one could see that the
Senator was not able to see any harm that
would be produced at any rate if that provision
of the law was adopted. Did he say that any
evil would follow from its adoption? Nothing
of the kind. But he conceives that it would
be of no practical value to have these coin
notes issued. The Senator in his zeal to excite
a prejudice against this bill and to appeal to
t he people forgot one important provision which
it contains, showing that it keeps the interests
of the people directly in view. It provides that
for all the coin in the Treasury coin notes may
be issued, and that with these coin notes the
bonds bearing six per cent, interest shall be
purchased and canceled. It allows th? hold-
ers of greenbacks to convert their geenbacks
into ten-forty bonds. That portion of the in-
debtedness of the country then is made to bear
five per cent, interest, and to an equal amount
coin notes are to be issued by which another
amount of the public debt is to be canceled
bearing six per cent, interest; so that this is
a process by which the public debt of the
United States is to be converted from a six per
cent, interest-bearing bond to a five per cent,
interest-bearing bond. Is not that desirable?
Could the Senator possibly see that feature in
the bill? No allusion whatever was made to it,
because it is a provision that looks to the re-
lief of the people from the great burdens of
taxation with which they are now oppressed.
Sir, I think these coin notes will be of ser-
vice. If the amendment that I have proposed
should be adopted, every month $2,000,000
of the currency of the country would be con-
verted into five per cent, interest-bearing bonds,
$2,000,000 of coin notes would be issued, with,
which an equal amount of six per cent, inter-
est-bearing bonds would be destroyed. So in
thai way these coin notes would be made ser-
viceable to the country.
The objection made is that these notes are
of no more value than the gold in the Treasury,
and that if these notes can be used the gold
might be used, and that therefore the provision
is without any practical effect. This proposi-
tion, though it may appear to be true in theory,
is not practically true. When you withdraw
$2,000,000 of greenbacks from circulation, and
issue 82,000,000 of coin notes, is it not per-
fectly apparent that the people are supplied
with a circulating medium more than equiva-
lent to the amount that is withdrawn and can-
celed ? I believe that these notes could be
used in the transaction of business throughout
the country. Gold certificates are now used for
purposes of business, and these coin notes could
be used in the same way. Thus all the gold in
the Treasury would be utilized for the purpose
of reducing the interest of the country in the
first place, and then for the purpose of supply-
ing the people with a good circulation.
Now, let me suggest a simple illustration to
show that these gold notes may be of some
practical use. Suppose I desire to go from the
city of Washington to the city of New Orleans
for the purpose of transacting business there.
Suppose I desire to make a purchase there to
the extent of $10,000. I can take a coin note
in my pocket from the citv of Washington of
that amount, and go to New Orleans and trans-
act my business with that note. But would I
undertake to cany $10,000 in gold from Wash-
ington down to New Orleans lor that purpose?
Sir, the argument of the honorable Senator,
