1878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 3,
1867 ought ever to have been passed oiuiot is
not the question; but it having been passed in
the interest of the liberties of the citizen and
having been repealed at the moment it was
about to deliver a citizen in the spirit of the act
I think the House would do well to repeal the
repealing act.
Mr. SCHENCK. According to the gentle-
man, then, because one blunder was committed
he wants another blunder committed to correct
it. I now call for the previous question.
Mr. WOODWARD. Does the gentleman
refuse to let me make an amendment?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do. I wish to go back
to what the law was before. 1 am willing to
admit that it was a mistake for Congress in
1867 to give that jurisdiction, and 1 think they
did right to repeal it. I think it was a mis-
take to extend the jurisdiction of the Supreme
Court to every little revenue case, and 1 think
it is now right to repeal it. Throwing out all
party considerations it is better to go back to
the condition of things two years ago. I de-
mand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
western union extension telegraph.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 474) authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to admit free of duty a certain
submarine cable ; which was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution authorizes the Secretary
of the Treasury to deliver to the Western Union
Extension Telegraph Company submarine tele-
graph cable made to form a part of the over-
lrttid telegraph line to unite the United States
with Russia and Great Britain, intended to be
laid in the Behring sea, without the payment
of customs duty thereon.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, a company
was organized called the Western Union Ex-
tension Telegraph Company with a view to
the construction of a cable for international
communication between the United States and
Russia and Great Britain by the way of the
Aleutian Islands, across Behring straits. They
constructed at considerable cost in England,
where alone they could get it made, about five
hundred miles of submarine cable for this pur-
pose. That cable was brought around to the
British territory, and it was there admitted free
of duty. The United States also, through the
Navy and State Departments, took an interest
in the construction of this line. Resolutions
were passed in Congress in favor of it, and it
was made in some sense a national affair.
When the cable arrived, as 1 have said, it was
admitted duty free into the British provinces.
In the mean time the success then already as-
certained of direct communication across the
Atlantic made it manifest that it was not going
to be a paying operation. The company failed
utterly. They have lost some million and a
half of dollars. That cable which was admitted
duty free into the British provinces has been
brought back and is now lying in a vessel in
New York harbor, where it has been since last
November, rusting and being spoiled. They
will sell it if they can find any market for it.
If they cannot for the whole of it they will cut
it up and make river cables of it. That is un-
certain. In the mean time the cable is useless
to them, and will be unless they can land it.
The duty of $125,000 will be as much as it
will bring.
The committee were not inclined at first to
report favorably for this remission of duty, but
when they came to look into the history of the
whole matter and ascertained the encourage-
ment given to the work by Congress and by
the British and Russian Governments, and that
national vessels were put at their service ; when
we ascertained the work was given ati inter-
national character and the company were now
bankrupt, we were satisfied they ought to have
permission to land this cable without the pay-
ment of customs duty.
The Western Union Telegraph Company,
which I understand to be a flourishing com-
pany, is not the same as the Western Union
Extension Telegraph Company, although many
members of the former organization may have
an interest in the latter. While the Western
Union Telegraph Company operating within
this country has proved a success, the exten-
sion company for oceanic communication have
made an utter failure, and whether they pay a
duty or not their cable is abandoned and they
will in either case be losers to the amount of
millions.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I do not know whether
the gentleman in giving the decision of the
committee gave it as being unanimous or not.
1 know very well that 1 stated to the commit-
tee that I was a stockholder in the Western
Union Telegraph Company, which was inter-
ested in this matter, and also in the extension
line for laying a new telegraph wire across the
continent, and that I believed they should pay
the duty on their wire. 1 see no reason why,
if they have gone into a speculation which does
not turn out well, they should fall back upon
the Governmentas an indoreer. The telegraph
wire was imported and the duty was due to the
Government, and I think it should be paid. 1
for one do not want any remission of duty so
far as I am concerned, nor do I think the
company, if they have any proper considera-
tion lor their character, would demand it. I
shall vote against it.
Mr. SCHENCK. As to whether this is a
unanimous report of the committee I do not
at this moment recollect. I believe, however,
it was opposed by one member of the com-
mittee because it was supposed to involve
some tariff question. Whenever that is the
case we ail know where to find the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Moorhead.] Not a
single strand of the cable from anywhere
except the Pennsylvania mines must get in free
of duty. But it does not follow necessarily
because one or two members of the commit-
tee are opposed to it that this is any the less a
report of the committee. Sometimes even
when the gentleman from Pennsylvania has
been opposed to the rest of the committee we
have supposed we were right notwithstanding.
The application of the telegraph company is
just of the character 1 have Bpoken of. It is
made through its organization. They ail
united in it. I have spoken also of the fact
that at first blush the committee were inclined
to vote against the application, but, as is often
the case, upon a thorough investigation of the
whole matter, including some tilings to which
the gentleman did not turn his attention,
although he may have been a stockholder, we
became satisfied that it was so far of a national
character as to make it proper that we should
interfere, as Russia and Great Britain have
done, in order to relieve the company. I hold
in my hand the action of both those Govern-
ments in the matter as well as the action of
our own. I will read a portion of the letter
of Mr. Seward in regard to the action of our
own Government. But before I do so it is
proper for me to remark that while the com-
pany was in a flourishing condition it did not
have so much need that we should forbear to
lay our hands upon it to the entire destrnction
of all its interest as it has now when the com-
pany is utterly bankrupt.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Not bankrupt by any
means.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is confounding the Western Union
Telegraph Company, which is one thing en-
fagod in telegraph communication in the United
tates, with the Western Union Extension
Company which is confined to communication
between the United States and Gieat Britain
and Russia by the way of Behring strait, which
is a totally different, thing.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I would like to inform
the gentleman that they are one thing by two
names. One stands good, the other lias lost
money, and now they want to shake off the loss
and take the profits. I understand it perfectly.
I am on both sides of the question.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is not an unusual
thing. [Laughter.]
Mr. MOORHEAD. That is, I own stock
in both these companies.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Secretary of State, in
writing on this subject, in which 1 have not the
slightest interest as a legislator, says :
" But in another sense it is entitled to be regarded
as an enterprise of the Government of the United
States. During all the time that Mr. Collins has been
engaged m maturing and developing it and present-
ingittotheconsideration of Russiaand GreatBritain
he has been actiug under the- instructions and with
the approbation of the Department of State, and a
knowledge of that fact has not been withheld lrom
Congress." * * * * " What Mr. Collins
asks of Congress is a grant of the right of way across
the public lands, with the right to take theretrom the
materials necessary for constructing the line; the use
of a national vessel, suitably offioered and equipped,
to make surveys and soundings along the northern
Pacific coast beyond the limits of the United States
and to aid in pro*ecuting the work; and finally a
stipulated compensation for Government use of the
line when it, shall be eonstrucred.
"It the views I have submitted are just this demand
for patronage is neither unnecessary nor unreason-
able. We could not withhold it without showing a
w,,int of appreciation of theliberality and friendship
which have been manifested toward the United
States by Russia and GreatBritain in the proceed-
ings they have adopted toward the same enterprise.
1 do not know any one object lying within the scope
of our foreign relations more important than the
preservation of peace and friendship with those two
great and enlightened Powers, nnr can I conceive of
any one measure of national policy that would more
effectually tend to secure that great object than the
construction of the proposed intercontinental tele-
graph."
it was upon that communication from the
State Department that Congress acted. Con-
gress did pass a resolution and did give the
use of a vessel and did foster and encourage
this company to go on with their enterprise ;
and all that is claimed now is that as the United
States was one of the three Governments which
led them into an enterprise that proved an
entire failure they shall not now take away
from them what little remnant they have toward
the payment of their debts, but which will be
totally insufficient for the discharge of even a
moiety of those debts. I move the previous
question.
The question was put on seconding the pre-
vious question; and there were—ayes 59, noes
40; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Schevok and
Mr. Ross were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 80, noes 34.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered ; and
under the operation theieof the joint resolu-
tion was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time ; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. SCHENCK moved the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STEWART called for the yeas an'd nays
on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 69, nays 62, not voting
91; as follows: *
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Delos It. Ashley, Beaman,
Beatty, Beck, Blair, Boyden, Brooks, Buckley, Burr,
Callis, Cary, Chanler, Reader W.Clarke, Clilt, Cor-
ley, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Dockery, Donnelly, Eg-
gleston, Garfield, Getz, Golladay, Goss, Griswold,
Grover, Haight. Heaton, Higby, Hill, Ilotchkiss,
Richard D. Hubbard, Ilulburd, Jenckes, Johuson,
Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Loan,
Lynch, Mallory, Marshall, Marvin, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, McCormick, McCullougb, Mungen, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, Fame, Peters,Fierce, Poland,Rob-
ertson. Schenck, Stokes, Stone, Taber. Thomas. Law-
rence S. Trimble, Trowbiidge, Van Trump, Welker,
Whittemoro, Wood, and Young—69.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnell, James M. Ashley, Baker,
Benjamin, Benton, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomali.
Sidney Clark®, Cobb, Cornell, Driggs, Thomas D.
