1126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
where, in my judgment, it would not have been
injurious to continue it, provided we gave the
discretion to the Secretary to use it in one
month or another, as might have been ren-
dered necessary by the state of the market and
the condition of affairs and the condition of
the business of the country.
I regretted very much when that was repealed
in the shape it was; and still more did I regret
that by a vote of the Senate it was clearly indi-
cated that they did not. mean to have any fur-
ther reduction at any future time, but rather
would go up in the other direction, to the
amount of $400,000,000, to say the least. It
wa3 a step backward which, in my judgment,
produced evil. At the present time, when
there is no contraction possible except of the
greenbacks and of the gold certificates that are
out, I do not think that a reasonable contrac-
tion would produce any such evil effects upon
the market as are supposed.
But, sir. I did not rise to argue the question,
or to make any financial speech, because I
think the matter has been discussed so very
fully that it would only be imposing upon the
good nature of the Senate for me to attempt to
say much upon the financial quest-ions. Be-
sides that, 1 do not know much about them,
but I do not like the position in which this
stands, taking the honorable chairman to be
correct, and I certainly cannot vote for the
amendment of the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senate
must regard the bill before them at the pres-
ent time as a scheme, as a whole. Now, one
proposition is to introduce the subject of free
banking. Another is to issue gold notes 011
the part of the Government. To the extent
that these are introduced it is expansion. The
only provision as an offset to any of these pro-
jects is the retirement of a certain portion of
the greenbacks to be procured by way of the
sale of gold notes for bonds, and retiring an
equal amount of notes; and that amount it is
proposed by the Senator from Oregon to limit
to $2,000,000 a month. I think we should
throw away entirely all limitation upon it, and
apply a, further provision to guard against the
expansion which is contemplated by the other
two features ; that we should provide for the
absolute retirement of an equal amount of any
notes that shall be circulated under the free
banking system, or by the Government in the
form of gold notes, it seems to me that that
is the most feasible and most practical way that
can be devised for gradually getting rid of our
present greenback currency, and introducing
another on the solid foundation of specie pay-
ments. It will come gradually, but it will coine
surely, and without expense to the Govern-
ment, and is no injury to the people. I hope
that the amendment of the Senator from Ore-
gon will be voted down, and I hope another
amendment will be voted up, when we reach
the proper section, that which provides, as I
have before stated, for the retirement of an
equal amount of the United States notes to the
amount of free banking currency that may be
issued.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to ask my friend
whether the greenbacks are not gold notes?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. They are,
unquestionably. They promise to pay dollars
and we do not know of any other mode of
redeeming them ; but we can redeem them
without paying gold for them, if the amend-
ment which I have proposed shall be adopted,
and that is to allow them to be funded into a
ten-forty bond.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then if I understand
the Senator he proposes to issue another kind
of notes, which he calls gold notes. How does
he make it appear that it will be any easier to
pay gold for those notes when they are issued
in the same amount than it is now to pay gold
for the greenbacks?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That part of
the measure is not a special favorite of mine,
but it will be seen that it is based upon the
amount of surplus gold in the Treasury. Not
a dollar more than is in the Treasury is to be
issued and these notes can be presented on
demand at any time for payment, and undoubt-
edly would be so presented and a very large
share of the gold drawn out of the Treasury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the theory of
greenbacks as they stand now, that they can
be presented at any time for payment; but if
the idea with regard to these gold notes is that
they are only to represent the surplus in the
Treasury, I should like to have the Senator tell
me how he is to provide such a surplus as will
bring us any nearer to final resumption.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose
that we shall not forward an early resumption
much by this measure. As I have stated, it is
not a special favorite with me. I do not care
anything about this part of the bill. So far as
calling these gold notes in contradistinction to
those we have issaed heretofore as United
States notes, I suppose it is to be understood
very much as the witness who was convicted
of perjury on his own testimony before the
court, and the lawyers getting into a wrangle
as to whether he should be permitted to go on
further; he said, "Now, may it please the
court, if you will let me go on I will tell the
truth." I suppose, now we propose to promise
that we will tell the truth, that we will redeem
these notes in gold.
Mr. PESSENDEN. But I do not see that
the amount must be so limited, so very small
in comparison with the whole that can be out
at any one time, unless you make provision for
getting a larger surplus in the Treasury. But
with things as they are now, it does not ad-
vance us toward the final resumption of specie
payments. That is what I want to reach ; and
therefore I do not see what you are to gain by
issuing a new kind of paper.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall now vote
oft this proposition. Let us get at least one
vote before the recess.
Mr. CORBETT. I believe the issue of new
notes by the banks provided for in the fifth
section will compensate for all the legal tenders
that may be retired; and therefore I do not
think the amendment of my colleague should
be adopted. I understand the provision in the
fifth section is especially intended in lieu of
the redemption of the legal tender notes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon, [Mr. Williams.]
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cattell, Davis, Dixon,
ttcndricks, llowo, Pattoison of Tennessee, Ross, and
Williams—9.
HAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cameron, Cole,
Conkliug, Corbott, Ci n£;in, Edmunds, Ferry, Fe^-sen-
rlftn, Fowler, (tarns, Kellogg, MeCreery, McDonald,
Morpcan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton,O^born, Patterson of Now Ilampsliiie, Poracroy,
Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Sherman, Sprascue, Stew-
art, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull.'Van Winkle.Vickers,
Wade. Whyte, Wiliey, Wilson, and Yates—38.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Chandler, Conness,
Doolittlo. Drake, Frolinghuysen, Grimes, Harlan,
Henderson, Howard, Norton, Nye, Pool, Salisbury,
Sawyer, Spencer, Thayer, Warner, and Wolcli—10.
So the amendment was rejected.
The hour of four having arrived, the Senate
took a recess till seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate resumed its session at seven
o'clock p. m.
MESSAGE FROM TIM HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
of the Senate :
A bill (S. No. 281) granting a pension to
Anne Dycher, widow of Matthew I). Dycher ;
A bill (S. No. 457) granting a pension to
Elizabeth .1. Miller, widow of General John
Miller; and
A bill (S. No. 546) for the relief of Jane
McMurray.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 499) granting a
pension to the widow and child of Martin
Whitt, deceased, with an amendment; in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint reso-
lution, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate; and they were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions:
A bill (H. R. No. 596) granting a pension
to Mary A. Davis, widow of William P. Davis,
aprivate in the eighteenth regiment of Indiana
volunteers in the war of 1861;
A bill (H. R. No. 1321) granting a pension
to Mrs. Susan Carson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1434) granting a pension
to William M. Sympson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1586) granting a pension
to Mrs. Naomi Adams ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1600) granting a pension
to Mary R. Brown ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1632) granting a pension
to Joseph M. Hudson ;
A bill (Ii. R. No. 1903) granting a pension
to Charles Maines, of Tennessee;
A bill (H. II. No. 1917) granting a pension
to Charlotte Webster, widow of Timothy Web-
ster. deceased;
A bill (IT. R. No. 1918) to increase the pen-
sion of William II. Johnson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1919) granting back pen-
sion to Edmund AV. Wandall, of Wilkesbarre,
Pennsylvania;
A bill (H. R. No. 1920) granting a pen-
sion to Katharine Dreyer, widow of Sylvester
Dreyer, deceased, late private of company H
of the tenth regiment of Minnesota volun-
teers;
A bill (II. R. No. 1921) granting a pension
to Catharine O. Conners, widow of Timothy
Conners, deceased, late private company C of
the thirty-third regiment Massachusetts vol-
unteers ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1922) granting a pension
to Mary J. Hutton, widow of John C. Hutton,
deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 1923) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Radigan, widow of John Radigan,
deceased, who was a private in company A of
the forty-ninth regiment Pennsylvania volun-
teers ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1924) granting a pension
to John A. Parker, a soldier of the war of 1861;
A bill (IT. R. No. 1925) granting a pension
to Clarrissa K. Grant;
A bill (H. R. No. 1926) granting a pension
to Ann Smith;
A bill (H. R. No. 1927) granting a pension
to Harriet M. Mills, widow of Samuel J. Mills,
deceased, late a private in company F of sec-
ond regiment Connecticut volunteers:
A bill (H. R. No. 1928) granting a pension
to Lemuel Barthalow ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1929) granting a pension
to Juliette E. Hal!;
A bill (II. R. No. 1930) granting a pension
to Madge K. Guthrie and Robert B. Guthrie ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1931) granting a pension
to Jacob Huggins ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1932) gx-anting a pension
to John M. Flynn ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1933) granting a pension
to Henry Riemann ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1934) granting a pension
to Mahala M. Freeman ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1935) granting a pension
to Charles H. B. King ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1936) granting a pension
to Mary Ann Shurlock ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1937) granting a pension
to Lucinda Pangle;
A bill (H. R. No. 1938) granting a pension
to Julia Fisher;
A bill (H. R. No. 1939) for the relief of
John Gestigen;
A bill (H. R. No. 1940) granting a pension
to Cyrus Hall;
A bill (H. R. No. 1941) granting a pension
to Betsey S. Jaekman ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1942) granting a pension
to Lucinda A. Wilder ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1943) granting a pension
