1869.
THE CONGBESSiONAL ©LOBE.
<W5
come here, a right to be heard here, and a
right tn be heard in your courts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then the question whether
lie is friendly makes some difference, does it
not?
Mr. HOWE. Not to the principle I am dis-
cussing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It does with the result.
Mr. HOWE. Not with the result in this
case. There is, Mr. President, a great variety
of cases in the books; several of them I have
seen ;• and' it is impossible for me to consider
them all in 'discussing this case of Miss Sue
Murphey. I say once more that the courts
iiave taken particular, pains to say that the
question of liability is not controlled by the
personal disposition of the claimant, but'it is
to be controlled by the attitude and predica-
ment of the property; and therefore it was
claimed in the case of Mrs. Alexander's cot-
ton that that did not come within the rule of
enemy's property, or enemy property, which
is the better form of expression, because that
territory at the time the cotton was taken was
in the possession of our troops. But, said the
court, although our troops were there tempo-
rarily at the time the cotton was taken yet the
result showed that they had not that perma-
nent occupation of thecoimtry which took the
property from that predicament in which it
was liable to serve the purposes of the enemy.
Our troops were there, but they could not stay
there. They were driven out; and if the cot-
ton had been left there it would have been left
there to contribute to the uses of the enemy
in war. _ So the courts said that that temporary
occupation did not relieve the property from
the operation of the rule.
But it was no temporary occupation of Deca-
tur. Ourtroops were there when this property
was taken possession of, and they had been
there until this time, or at, least our flag and
our authority bad been there; and standing
upon the history of events since this property
was taken by our troops we are authorized and
we are bound to say that there was 110 more
guilt in the predicament of this property than
there was in the property owned by ray friend
in the SUite of New Jersey. If our armies had
been driven from New Jersey the property of
my friend would have been as liable to contrib-
ute to the uses of the enemy as was the prop-
eityofMiss Murphey. Hers could only relieve
the enemy in case they drove back our troops,
and they did notdrive back our troops. If they
had driven back our troops out of New Jersey
then the property of the Senator would have
been in the same condition that hers was.
Mr. President, there is a case illustrating
this principle which I am trying to enforce.
When war was declared between Russia and
Turkey in 1854 a ship from Wallachia, one of
the Turkish provinces, undertook to run out
of the Danube, and was captured by a British
war vessel at the mouth of the Danube. She
was running the blockade, the mouth of the
Danube being under blockade at the time.
Moldavia and Wallachia were occupied by
Russian troops ; Great Britain was at war with
Russia; and it was claimed that this vessel
coming from a province occupied by the armies
of the enemy, the armies of Russia, was
enemy property, and was liable to forfeiture.
But the British courts held that it was not;
that the occupation of the Russian forces was
temeorary, and was so explained that it was
not "tor the purpose of permanent conquest, it
was a mere temporary occupation ; and there-
fore that this property was not liable to con-
tribute to the strength of Russia, and so there
was no occasion to apply this principle.
So when Great Britain was at war with
France, and France owned the island of San
Domingo, a negro insurrection broke out in
San Domingo against the French Government,
and the negroes got possession of a large por-
tion of the island; Great Britain at once fra-
ternized with them as with the enemies- of
France. Still the British courts held that this
temporary occupation by the negro authorities
thereof a portion of the island did not prevent
the whole island from being still enemy's
property, because it was a temporary occupa-
tion, was not permanent, was not accompauied
by any recognized and legal right.
Here, Mr. President, was a hostile force at
one time, long before this property was taken,
occupying this one district belonging to our
jurisdiction ; that hostile force was removed,
our own authority was reinstated there, our
troops took possession; and after they took
possession, and after our authority was fully
and permanently restored, (for our right over
the place we never conceded was subjected to
any doubt in the world,) after our occupation
was complete again, this property was taken
possession of by our Government and for its
use. Now I, ask, in the name of common
sense, putting all t.he authorities that ever were
written and published into the fire or under
your foot; I ask in the name of plain, honest
common sense, what right or pretense of right
this Government had for taking the property
of Miss Murphey at that time, in that place,
for its use, that it had not for taking my prop-
erty or the property of the Senator from Ver-
mont?
If you say that the Senator from Vermont
was loyal the ease says that Miss Murphey was
loyal. If you say that the Senator from Ver-
mont resided within, a loyal State, I say that
there is not a book in the world that makes
that a circumstance in determining this thing.
If you say that the Senator from Vermont
resided within the jurisdiction and the author-
ity of the United States, I say that Miss Mur-
phey resided just there and nowhere else in the
world, as completely under the jurisdiction
and authority of the United States as did the
Senator from Vermont or anybody else.
Mr. President, beyond all question it is an
extreme right recognized in the laws of war
for one belligerent Power to take the private
property of its enemies in a hostile country,
and to that extent, irrespective of the personal
dispositions of the different residents in that
countiy, to treat them all as enemies in that
one respect; but it is an extreme right of war.
There is not a civilized nation on the face of
God's earth that dares prosecute war to day
upon that principle thus broadly stated in the
books. When General Scott led your armies
from Vera Cruz to Mexico he was in a country
every citizen of which was supposed to be hos-
tile to us and every citizen of which was bound
to be hostile to us; but although General Scott
was obliged on that march to supply his forces
from the enemy and from that enemy's coun-
try, yet his orders were express to pay for every
pound and every bushel that was taken.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That was a matter of
policy.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, as justice always is: and
this I think is a matter of policy for the same
reason. I think we should be as cautious
against asserting the right of this Government
to take the property of our friends, even in
rebel districts, as General Scott was against
asserting the right to take the property of
Mexicans when he was inarching through their
territory. What was the policy in that? Why,
this: that if he asserted the right to take prop-
erty without compensation the Mexicans would
struggle a little harder to prevent his progress
toward Mexico, and might destroy the prop-
erty. You assert the doctrine to-day that when
a portion of the people take up arms against
the authority of this Government you have a
right and are bound to treat all the people
within that neighborhood, within that district,
within that State—call it by what name you
please—as your enemies; and how many
friends do you think you will find in any State
when the standard of rebellion has once been
raised again? You advertise and put it upon
your statutes that whenever a State shall raise
the flag of secession herealter it is the bounden
interest, the first and highest interest of every
one of those citizens to put himself into the
ranks of your enemies and to fight your armies
step by step. Why? Because it is only by
defeating their own Government that they have
any protection for themselves. They most
whip yon or they must suffer. That is the doe-
trine you are invited to put upon your statute-
book.
Mr. President, I insist upon it that the ad-
judications of our courts are not open to the
reproach of sanctioning any such doctrine as
this; and I am bound to say, ia justice to my
own sense of right and wrong, that if all the
courts that have ever been commissioned from
the foundation of the Government down to
this time had sanctioned such a principle as
that, I would, to the extent of my power, stand
here and resist it as monstrous.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to make an inquiry of him for iaformatioit?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I do it that I may un-
derstand how far he ignores as an.element in
the ease the existence of war, such as it waa.
Suppose this woman, living where she did,
situated as she was, by reason of her conspic-
uous loyalty had become a mark for the enemy,
and the case showed that they destroyed her
property, their motive and the moving cause
being that she was conspicuously a friend of
the General Government; does the Senator
think that that case or this, upon its equity
audits legal merits, would be the strongest?
In other words, if we pay this claim, could we
refuse to pay if the case was so far changed ais
I suggest? I admit this question is somewhat
foreign; but I put it as a test to see what part,
in the estimation of the Senator, is played by
the fact that a war did exist, and how thor-
oughly he puts this claim upon the ground that
the Government having taken private property
for public use compensation is to be made.
Mr. HOWE. I will answer the Senator's
question as candidly as I can. I must say to
him in all frankness that in the view I take of
the matter I can see no possible relationship
between the ease that he suggests and the case
that I am presenting to the Senate. I can
no more connection between the two than I
could see between a proposition that the Sen-
ator from Vermont should pay his own note
and another one that he should pay mine be-
cause he is held bound to pay his own note. I
ask that the Government shall pay for this
property because this Government took it for
its own use; and the Senator asks me, as I
understand him, if I mean to carry that princi-
ple so far as to say that this Government should
pay for it if the rebels had destroyed it.
Mr. CONKLING. No; I mean to ask
whether the Senator carries it so far as to
render entirely invisible the fact that a war
existed, and to put it on all-fours with the
case of private property taken by the Govern-
ment for public use in time of peace ; whether
he means to leave it'simply there.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, Mr. President, I mean
to put it on all-fours with the case now sug-
gested, upon the precise condition that no war
existed in the world ; and why ? Because I
say that the obligation to pay for property
which this Government takes for its use is an
obligation as sacred in time of war as in time
of peace; and no matter with whom the war is
waged, it is not waged with the parties from
whom you take it. If it be not so, then I say
your armies were just as much at liberty to
forage in New York as in Decatur; you are
no more bound to pay for commissary and
quartermaster stores in that city than in this
town. So far as this question is concerned, I
lay out of view entirely the fact that war
existed.
I must say one thing more before I sit down.
We have contracted a pretty considerable debt
in the course of this war. A good deal of it
is evidenced by bonds executed in accordance
with law, and which are express promises to
pay certain sums of money. The Senator from
New Jersey and other Senators about rae agree
with me in thinking that those bonds ought to
be paid, that those obligations ought to be rec-
ognized, ought to be sacredly preserved. Why?
Every one of those bonds has been issued sim-
ply because the Government has got property
