1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1879
Eliot, James T. Elliott, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry,
Fields, Gove, Hardin?, Holaian, Hopkins, Chester
J). Hubbard, Julian, Ketcham, ICoontz, George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loughridge, McKee,
JVlercur. Miiler, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, New-
eomb, O'jN'ciII, Orth, Periiam, Plants, Price, lian-
dali, Ross, Sawyer, Scoticld, Sclye, Shanks, Shclla-
bniger. Starkweather, Stevens. Stewart, Stover, Sy-
pher. Taylor. Upson. Van Auken, Ward, Henry 1).
W.isliburn, William J3.Washburn, Thomas Williams,
William Williams, and Windom—62.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Allison, Ander-
son, Archer. Ax tell, Bailey, .Baldwin, Banks, Barnes,
Bainuui. Bmguam, Bi.ickourn, Blaine, Boies, Bo wen,
Boyer, Buekland, Benjamin F.Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, Cake, Churchill, Coburn, Colfax, Cook, Co-
vode, Helano, Dcweese, Dickey, Bodge, Eckley,
Kdwards, Ela, Eidridge, Fox, French, Giossbreimer,
Gravely, Halsey. Hamilton, Haughey, Hawkins,
slooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter,
ingcrsoll, Judd, Kelley, ICeliogg, Kelsey, Kitchen,
Knott, Laflin, Lash, Lincoln, Logan, Morrissey, Mul-
lms, Myers. Newsham, Norris, Nunn, Pettis, Phelps,
Pike, Pile, Polsley, Prince, Pruyn, Raum, Robinson,
Roots, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Tafte, Tift, John
Trimble, Twicheli, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Vidal, Cadwal-
ftder 0. Washburn, Eiihu B. Washburne, James F.
\\ iison, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood-
bridge, and Woodward—91.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. SCHENCIL I move to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I call for a division on
the latter motion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the motion.
message fu03i tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate insisted upon its amendments,disagreed
to by the House, to House bill No. 1911, mak-
ing appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
aient fur the fiscal year ending June 30, I860,
and for other purposes ; had agreed to the con-
ference asked by the House on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses ; and had appointed
Mr. Howe, Mr. Cragix, and Mr. Nye, the con-
ferees on the part of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled a
•bill of the following title ; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. it. No. 2009) to authorize the Sec-
retly of War to place at the disposal of the
National Lincoln Monument Association, at
Springfield, Illinois, damaged and captured
ordnance.
NATIONAL ASYLUM FOIt DISA13LED SOLDIERS.
Mr. GARFIELD. A vacancy has occurred
in the board o( managers of the National Asy-
lum for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers, by the
resignation of Governor Oglesby, of Illinois.
I ask unanimous consent to introduce a joint
resolution to provide for filling that vacancy.
No objection was made.
Accordingly a joint resolution (H. R. No.
•475) to fiil a vacancy in the board of man-
agers for tne National Asylum for Disabled
oluntcer Soldiers, was introduced and read
a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that Thomas 0. Osborn, of Illinois, shall be
appointed a manager of the National Asylum
for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers, to fill the
vacancy occasioned by the resignation of Hon.
Richard J. Oglesby, of said State, for the re-
mainder of his unexpired term.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
public credit gold contracts.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on House bill No. 1744, to strengthen
the public credit, and relating to contracts for
the payment of coin, made the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses to the bill (H. It. 1744) to
strengthen the public credit, and relating to con-
tracts lor the paymentof coin, having met, after tull
and tree conference hate agreed to recommend, aud
do recommend to their respective Houses as iollows:
They recommend that tue House recede irom its
disagreement to the first amendment ot the Senate
and agree to the same with an amendment, as fol-
lows: insert, in lieu of the words stricken out, the
words "obligations of the United States not bearing
interest, known as United States notes, andol all the
interest-bearing."
They recommend that the House recede from its
disagreement to the second amendment of the Senate
and agree to the same with an amendment, as fol-
lows: insert, in lieu of the words stricken out, the
words "but none of saidinterest-bearingoblisations
not already due shall be redeemed or paid before
maturity, unless at such time United States notes
shall be convertible into coin at the option of the
holder, or unless at such time bonds ot the United
States bearing a lower rate ot interest than the bonds
to be redeemed can be sold at par in com. ADd the
United States also solemnly pledges its faith to make
provision at the earliest practicable period for the
redemption of the United States notes in coin."
They recommend that the Senate recede from their
third and fourth amendments to the bill of the
House.
JOHN SHERMAN.
GEORGE H. WILLIAMS,
Managers on the part oj the Senate.
ROBERT C. SCEIENCK,
WILLIAM B. ALLISON,
Managers on the part of the House.
The bill as agreed upon by the committee
of conference is as follows :
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Itepresenta-
tivenof the Cnited State h of America in Congress assem-
bled, That in order to remove any doubt as to the
purpose of the Governmentto dischargeall just obli-
gations to the public creditois, and to settle conflicting
questions and interpretations of the laws by virtue
ot which such obligations have been contracted, it
is hereby provided and declared that the faitu ot the
United States is solemnly pledged to the payment in
coin or its equivalent of ail the obligauous of the
United States not bearing interest, known as United
States notes, and of all tlie iuterest-oeaiiug obliga-
tions of the United States, except in cases where the
law authorizing the issue of any such obligation has
expressly provided that the same may be paid m
lawlul money or other currency than goidanduiver;
but none of said interest-bearing obligations not al-
ready due shall be i edeemed or paid before maturity
unless at such time United States notes shall bocon-
vertible into coin at the option of the holder, or
unless at such time bonds ot the United States bear-
ing a lower rate of interest than the bonds to be
redeemed can be sold at par in coin. And the Uni-
ted States also solemnly pledges its faith to make
provision at the earliest practicable period for the
redemption of the United States notes in coiu.
Sec. 1. And be itju/ther enacted, That any contract
hereafter made specifically payable in com, and the
consideration of which may be a loan of com, or a
sale of property, or the rendering ot labor or service
of any kind, the price of winch as carried into the
contract may have been adjusted on the basis of the
coin value thereof at the time ot such sale, or of the
rendering ot such service or Iaboi, shall be legal and
valid, and may be enforced according to its terms;
and on the trial of a suit brought for the enforcement
of any such contract proot ot the real consideration
may be given.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not, know but the
reading of the report of the committee of con-
ference has made this matter plain to every
gentleman here. But I will make a brief ex-
planation of the conclusions to which the com-
mittee of conference have arrived. The Sen-
ate struck out the words " interest-bearing ?f
before the words "obligation," in the first sec-
tion ; so as to leave it to pledge the faith of
the United States to ''the payment in coin
or its equivalent of all the obligations of the
United States," except in cases where it was
otherwi&e expressly provided by law. It was
thought that this might extend even to war-
rants from the Treasury on contracts, or cer-
tificates for pensions, going beyond what was
intended. The object was to pledge the faith
of the country, not only to the payment of its
interest-bearing obligations in the shape of
bonds, but also to the payment of the liou-in-
tercst-bcaring obligations in the shape of green-
backs, or United States notes," as they are
termed by law.
To make that matterclear, therefore, instead
of striking out the words "interest-bearing" it
is changed to read :
The faith of the United States is solemnly pledged
to the payment in coiu or its equivalent of all the
obligations of the United States not bearing interest.
known as United States notes, and of all the interest-
bearing obligations of the United States, except in
cases where the law authorizing the issue of any such
obligation has expressly provided that the same may
be paid in lawful money or other currency than gold
and silver.
The Senate had also struck out the follow-
ing proviso in the first section as it passed the
House:
Provided* however, That before any of said inter-
est-bearing obligations pot already due shall mature
or be paid before maturity the obligations not bear-
ing interest, known a<s United States notes, shall be
made convertible into coin at the option of the
holder.
For a long time the Senate would not agree
to anything to take the place of that proviso.
But it was finally agreed by the committee of
confcrcnce to insert in the place of the pro-
viso stricken out the following :
But none of said interest-bearing obligations not
already due shall be redeemed or paid before matur-
ity, unless at such time United States notes shall be
convertible into coin at the option of the holder.
That is, the bonds of the United States are
not to be paid before maturity, while the note-
holders are to be kept without their redemp-
tion, unless the note-holders are able at the
same time to convert their notes into coin.
But inasmuch as this might raise the price of
bonds to a high figure and be for the benefit of
the bondholders, then they proceed to put in
further language so as to keep the bonds from
going up out of proportion to the greenbacks,
by further providing that if the bonds went
above par in gold then they might be paid off,
because it was supposed that then we could sell
bonds for par at a lower rate of interest. They
put in these further words:
Or unless at sueh time bonds of the United States
bearing a lower rate of interest than the bonds to
be redeemed can be sold at par in coin.
Then we go on and give this further pledge:
And the United States also solemnly pledges its
faith to make provision at the earliest practicable
period for the redemption of the United States notes
in coin.
The other amendments made by the Senate
are receded from by the Senate,
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, as I voted
against this bill when it was originally on its
passage through this House, and as I propose
to vote now in favor of adopting this conference
report, I desire to say that in my vote to-day
in favor of the proposition I am guided largely
by the fact that the amendments adopted by the
committee of conference contain substantially
some of the provisions of an amendment which
I endeavored to have ingrafted on the bill upon
its passage here, the adoption of which would
have secured my support for the bill. The
provisions of the first section of the bill with
the amendment recommended for adoption
substantially pledge us to the payment of our
Government bonds in coin or its equivalent
when we shall have resumed specie payments
by operation of law. That, sir, was the spirit
of the amendment which I desired to offer
oiiginally, but which was cut off by the opera-
tion of the previous question. I have never
doubted that the bonds were to be and ought
to be paid dollar for dollar in coin or its
equivalent, but not, sir, while gold is at a large
premium in the market.
This bill as explained by the gentleman in
charge of it has this effect, while it pledges the
United States to the earliest practicable re-
sumption of specie payments; and in this re-
spect it also meets my hearty approval, for that
i regard as the great solution of our financial
problem.
I do not say, Mr. Speaker, that I am entirely
satisfied with the terms of this bill. It does
not, in my opinion, go far enough in the right
direction, but so far as it does go it recognizes
very distinctly that the resumption of specie
payments, or in other words the compatibility
or redemption of our greenbacks, is to precede
the payment of our Government bonds, or go
hand in hand with it precluding the policy of
borrowing gold at a heavy premium to meet
those obligations.
Air. GARFIELD. I would like to ask my
colleague [Mr. Schexok] whether any sub-
