176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5}
of its friends to use in the prosecution of this
war, because the Government has taken prop-
erly from some of its friends just as it did the
properly from Miss Murphey. Why should we
pay one of those bonds V Because the promise
is expressed and put on paper; is that the rea-
son ? Certainly that is not the reason the Sen-
ator from New Jersey would urge. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey knows very well, as we
all know, that the courts never enforce a prom-
ise simply because the promise itself is made.
If there is no consideration upon which the
promise is made, the promise is of no value
whatever : but if there is a consideration no
court cares whether the promise is expressed
or not, because the promise is implied, and
the courts will say that the law implies the
promise from the fact that the consideration
has passed. There is no promise in the case
of Miss Murphey; but her property is gone;
the Government has got the consideration,
and the courts would imply a promise to pay
for it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If they took it without
agreement with her, by the strong hand?
Mr. HOWE. No ; I suppose in the case of
an individual the court would not imply a
promise to pay for it; and yet i am not so clear
about that. There are a great many cases in
which the courts will allow the party to waive
the tort and to sue upon an implied promise,
and no doubt the court, in such a case as this,
•would allow the party to waive the tort and to
sue upon the implied promise, the promise
implied by the fact that a consideration had
passed.
Mr. President, i do not know but that I
ought to apologize for occupying the time of
the Senate so much as f have done. I am in
earnest about the principle. I care nothing
about this ease in particular, but L want to see
the question settled right.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, if the Senator from Wisconsin had asked
my consent to report this bill, such is my re-
spect, for him that 1 should have undoubtedly
given it; but 1 have no recollection of such a
fact, nor of the bill. The bill comes here, so
far as 1 am concerned, as a surprise; for 1 had
supposed that the Committee on Claims were
thoroughly committed against the principles
uiion winch this hill is based. If not, if the
argument of the Senator from Wisconsin bo
correct, then wherever General Sherman, upon
his march passed across the held of a loyal man
and took possession of any property, the Gov-
ernment is bound to pay for it; for that, as [
nmlristand, is the sole ground upon which the
Senator presses this (laim : that it is the claim
of a luvul person, and that the property was
taken tur public use.
Now, Mr. President, I had supposed that
tho Committee on Claims had laid it. down,
clearly and distinctly by an almost unanimous
vole ol the committee, that parties residing in
States in rebellion were to be considered as
rebels and their claims treated as such. Cer-
tainly 1 had the honor myself to make one or
two such reports, and I will take the liberty to
read from them. One was the claim of the
Sisters of Charity in Charleston, South Caro-
lina, where our fleets had bombarded and de-
stroyed an institution erected for the purposes
of charity only. They claimed compensation.
The report which was adopted by the commit-
tee. and so far as I know without any dissent,
reads, after reciting tho facts, as follows:
"The committee, however, are compelled to ex-
amine the petition in a difterent attitndo, and to
decide whether tho United Kt'tesoau be properly
hold to make reparation for all damages sustained
under similar circumstances. They reluctantly con-
clude that the petition comes within a class ot cases
where justice to tho nation must, deny relief. Ajust
rule must now and for all time make a discrimination
between th(«o who unfortunately suffered within the
boundaries of the icboltious States and those within
tile Union lines.
"Tne desti uction of tile, buildingwearo now asked
to restore was one of the misfortunes of file war.
The siege of Charleston was desperately resisted, and
its capture was most expensive m time, treasure, and
ij,!oud of Union men. 'I he orphan asylum was within
tae enemy's lines, and could not be separated from
the enemy's property. Any rule that would hind
tho United States to replace this building would in-
clude all charitable and religious edifices so de-
stroyed. The loss was a casualty that good men
everywhere may lament, but the Government can-
not acknowledge any responsibility therefor."
Now, Mr. President, so far as the loyalty or
the non-belligerent character ofpaities is con-
cerned, that case is decisive that they must
follow the status, the condition of the people
where they reside.
Mr. HOWE. Will my friend allow ine to
make a word of explanation here?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. HOWB. In his opening the Senator
conveyed the intimation that this report, which
I had explained, was made rather upon my own
responsibility, though I had said with the assent
of the members of the committee, was not only
made without the approval of the committee,
but was made in defiance of the recognized
doctrine of the committee. I wish to call the
Senator's attention to a fact which I guess lie
will remember—other members of the com-
mittee will—that this identical question has
been discussed in the committee, composed as
it was during the last session, 1 think in two
cases: once when tho report, from which the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] read
j some extracts was before the committee. There
| was a clause in that report when first presented
I to the committee which asserted the very doc-
I trine that is contended for here, and it was
struck out by the vote of the committee ; and
I think a similar amendment was made to a
report that was once drawn up in the case of
somebody whose name, 1 do not recollect, but
who claimed pay for sugar that was destroyed
in Vieksburg at the time that place was cap-
tured, where the distinct question was pre-
sented on a, motion to strike out, and the mo-
tion was appioved by the committee.
Mr. MOltRILL, of Vermont. I was not
finding fault with the Senator in relation tothe
bill. 1 was only, so far as i am concerned, pi o-
fessing ignorance of the bill in all its parts.
But, Mr. President, so far as any discussion of
the piineiple is involved, I think the chairman
of the committee will not contend that it lias
ever been assented to by a majority of that
committee. It has always been voted down
whenever the question has come up, and by a
very decisive majority, so far as I recollect.
Mr. President, 1 propose to read for a mo-
ment an extract from another report, which I
think was adopted, and so far as I remember
without dissent from any member of the com-
mittee. This is the case of the claim of Dennis
Sullivan, who had accumulated a large amount
of cotton in Louisiana, which our troops took
possession of and destroyed. They did not use
it, but they burnt it up, and burnt up some of
his buildings. The only difference between the
two is that ill the one ease the buildings were
destroyed by fire, and in the case of Miss Mur-
phey they were taken down by hand, as I sup-
pose. The report reads as follows :
"But granting that the commanding officer was
willing, as he undoubtedly was, to afford the peti-
tioner all the protection m his power, lie could not
save him from tho vicissitudes of war, nor even from
the lawless nets of soldiers, without oiders or in dis-
obedience of ord'TS. It, was a calamity not only to
tiio petitioner but to the nation that the Union
forces were unablo to lioid possession of Louisiana
utter they had marched into if; and if, by accident
or design—and there is no proof whatever on this
point—tho military forces set lire to and destroi cd
the town of Alexandra, including "valuable prup-
evty belonging to this peti tioner, it is a matter of
deep regret, bu t it would bo contrary to all the rules
of civilized nations, when thus lighting to put down
an untu-oyoked rebellion, to pay for the damages
inflicted in tho enemy's country even to parties
admitted to be non-belligerent.
" The character of individuals is derived not only
from their own acts but from those of the Govern-
ment de facto ruling and controlling for the time
being. _ l'ke people of Louisiana were not only dis-
loyal, bat a superior army confronted the Union
forces, and the latter may have exercised the usual
rights of war by destroying such property as they
supposed would strengthen the enemy if it should
fall into their hands." * * * * *
"This being one of a large class of cases, it has
been treated at considerable length ; and notwith-
standing it throws upon a worthy and enteipribing
( citizen the entire burden of his personal losses re-
| suiting from the rebellion, and the legitimate efforts
I ot tho United States to conquer it, your committee
I are unable to perceive how this burden can with
any propriety be thrown upon the Treasury of the
United States. It may not bo a, good rea,son lor
reaching this conclusion that a precedent allowing
claims of this character would most discouragiupdy
expand the national debt but it is satisfactory to tie
able to arrive at it upon the principles ot justice and
national law."
I think that the chairman of the committee
assented to this report. 1 so understood at the
time. I do not see why it does not cover the
case of Miss Sue Murphey. Certainly, i am
very sure that if this case shall pass into a pre-
cedent our present public debt will expand
much beyond the proportions intimated by the
Senator before the last adjournment; and so
far as it rests on the precedent, of the Amies
case or the Segar case I consider that those
precedents ought to be trampled under our feet.
Mr. CONKLlNG. Mr. President, the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,]
with that candor which he always displays and
with that logic of which he is always master,
says that for the purpose of reaching his con-
clusion he ignores altogether as an element in
the case the existence of war or rebellion, fhat
is an easy process, it seems to me, of disposing
of this case ; easy because it reaches a conclu-
sion which, conceding the premises, no intelli-
gent man can deny. If this be a simple in-
stance in which a citizen has been deprived of
property to the end that it might be applied or
devoted to the public use and he has received
no compensation, his rights are clear. But 1
have a great many difficulties in reaching those
premises, all of which \ will not stop to state,
but one or two of which I venture to suggest to
the honorable Senator.
I submit, in the first place, that if you ignore
the fact of the war, Miss Murphey was never
deprived of her property for any public use.
Why? Because in that view General Sherman
was a naked wrongdoer; never was there one
who stood more in bis own wrong. What right
had lie to apply the torch to Miss Murphey's
house—to blow it up, if he had done that—to
desolate her property? None whatever, any
more than you, Mr. President, or I.
Mr. IIOWE. It will perhaps be satisfac-
tory to the Senator if 1 remind him of the i.ict
that General Sherman did not blow up the
house, but the fact is that he took the laud on
which she lived to put a fort upon it, and used
the materials of the house in building the fort.
I think the Senator will admit that the Gov-
ernment can do that in time of war or in time
of peace, its right to build forts is just as
complete in time of peace as in time of war.
Mr. CONKLlNG. I was giving the Senator
the benefit of the inaccuracy of my statement,
because I was making a supposed case stronger
against myself. I say, taking the ease of
General Sherman having gone and put a keg
of powder under Miss Murplicy's house and
scattered it in a thousand fragments, that case
wouid be better than this. But now I will take
it, as the Senator likes me to take it, precisely
as it is. General Sherman occupied the prem-
ises of Miss Murphey and he incorporated
her building materials into a fort. That is the
case as the Senator now states it. Now, I ask
the Senator if there was not a war, if General
Sherman had not occupied the relation which
he there occupied solely by reason of the exist-
ence of a war and his commission to carry it
on, whether he would not have been a naked
tort-feasor? Certainlyhewould. Howwasthis
property taken for public use? If with the
law behind him in time of peace lie had been
the person to execute the orders of the Gov-
ernment to make a fort there, of course a very
different case would exist; but he was acting,
do not let us forget, solely upon his discretion
in this particular act. No law said that he
should occupy Miss Murphey's premises;
nobody had said so. He alone adjudicated
there and then that it was useful m the prose-
cution of the war that*this occupation should
take place.
Thus I say you cannot wink so hard as not
to see that the war stands in the forefront of
this case as one of its elements. Why, sir, as
well, I submit, might the Senator' refer to
