-1128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
for tlio improvement of the harbor of Wkite-
fiall, New York?
Mr. CHANDLER- It was not on the re-
vised estimates. All items were stricken out
that were not on the revised estimates.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to have
that amendment stand for the present that I
may inquire about it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
considered as passed over if there be no objec-
tion, and the next amendment will be read.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
ninety-two and ninety-three, in the following
words:
To improve the Tennessee river from it3 mouth to
Florence, Alabama, $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ninety-five,
to reduce the appropriation to improve the
Tennessee river from Chattanooga, Tennessee,
to Decatnr, Alabama, from 390,000 to $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment Was in line ninety-
nine, to reduce the appropriation for the im-
provement of tlie Upper Mississippi river and
removing snags and dredging, from $60,000
to-.$20,000.
■ Mr. EAMSEY. I ask of the chairman of
the -committee to state why that great reduc-
tion is made? The amount appropriated seems
inadequate to the great work that is to be done.
Mr. CHANDLER. Because the balance
was allotted last fall, and it has not been ex-
pended. The whole estimate stands, but part
of it has been applied out of the $1,500,000
appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thenextamendment was ill line one hundred
and two, to reduce the appropriation for the
improvement of the Des Moines rapids from
$900,000 to $600,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thenextamendment was in line one hundred
and four, to reduce the appropriation for the
improvement of the Rock Island rapids from
$200,000 to $44,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thenextamendment was in line one hundred
and seven, to reduce the appropriation for the
improvement of the mouth of the Mississippi
river from 5100,000 to $50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and nine, to reduce the appropriation
for the improvement of the Mississippi, Mis-
souri, and Arkansas rivers, from $185,000 to
$100,000.
Tlie amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
one hundred and thirteen and one hundred
and fourteen, in the following words :
Tor improvement of the Illinois river, from it
month towards La Salle, $100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and fifteen, alter the word "river" to
strike out " $230,000" and insert " $80,000
so that the clause will read :
B'or improvement of the Ohio river, $80,000; of
which a. sum not exceeding 2-18,000 may be applied,
under the direction of tho Secretary of war, in
experimenting upon and testis? tho value of shilling
sluices, and their applicability to said improvement.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for a division upon that
amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. The balance has been
allotted out of the §1,500,000 appropriated last
year. The whole amount stands as it was, but
$170,000 were allotted out of the $1,500,000
appropriated last year.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, I will let it go, then.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and twenty-two, to reduce the appropria-
tion for the improvement of the Patapsco river,
below Port McHenry, from $30,000 to $13,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and twenty-three, to reduce theappropria-
tion for the improvement of the Susquehanna
river from $10,000 to $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and twenty-five, to reduce the appropria-
tion for the improvement of the Hudson river,
New York, from $100,000 to $15,000.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to under-
stand why that is reduced in that way ?
Mr. CHANDLER. For the same reason.
Eighty-five thousand dollars wore allotted out
of the $1,500,000 appropriated last year. The
whole amount stands as it was.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and twenty-eight, to reduce the appro-
priation for removing obstructions in East
river, including Hell Gate, from $300,000 to
$215,000.
Mr. DAVIS. It seems to me that the word
"hell" ought to be changed to "hurl." I
admit that we are on the road to that place,
but I do not think we are so near as to be close
to the gate. [Laughter.] My understanding
is that the proper name is Hurl Gate, and not
Hell Gate. However, I submit this point to
the honorable Senator from New York.
Mr. CONKLING. I will only say to the
Senator that the other day he set me right
upon the proper term to apply in a particular
case, and I read to-day a very long and con-
vincing article in a newspaper which proved
that he was entirely wrong in that case ; and
he" may from that be able to infer whether
he is right in this case or not. I understand
the name to be Hell Gate.
Mr. DAVIS. Whenever my honorable friend
corrects an opinion of mine 1 hope he will give
better authority than a newspaper. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. CAMERON. Some thirty or forty
years ago 1 read the writings of Washington
Irving, and I think in Salmagundi he said
the proper name was " Hurl Gate."
Mr. ANTHONY. No ; Hell Gate.
Mr. CAMERON. He said it was vulgarly
called Hell Gate, but that the proper name
was Hurl Gate. I agree with the Senatorfrom
Kentucky that it ought to be altered, because
*' hell" is a bad word. Nobody wants to go to
hell, but we might not object to go to Hurl
Gate. [Laughter.]
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and forty-five, to reduce the appropriation
for the preservation and improvement of Bos-
ton harbor from $100,000 to $57,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
one hundred and forty-six and one hundred
and forty-seven, in the following words:
For improvement of Taunton river, Massachusetts,
$13,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
one hundred and forty-eight and one hundred
and forty-nine, in the following words:
For completion of the breakwater connecting Rich-
mond and Cape Elizabeth, Maine, 820,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out line
one hundred and fifty, in the following words:
For improvement of Saeo river, Maine, $20,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is a clerical error.
The item is contained in the revised estimates,
and I ask that tho amendment be not agreed
to. The committee did not recommend the
striking out of that clause, but it was printed
as the result of a clerical error in preparing the
bill.
Mr. CORBETT. Was not that allotted?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next
amendment will be read.
Mr. CHANDLER. I beg pardon ; I find I
have made a mistake. The last amendment
was right; it was not a clerical error. The
amount was allotted for Saco ri.ver, and there-
fore the amendment striking out the appro-
priation should be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was not allotted, as
I know personally.
Mr. CHANDLER. Here is the statement
that it was, in General Humphreys's letter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I applied for it person-
ally, and it was not done.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator just
look at this letter of General Humphreys ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the Senator ex-
pect to pass the bill to-night?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have an
opportunity to go to the Department and verify
the statement in the letter he has shown me.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am very sure it is cor-
rect. The whole amount has been allotted.
The allotment was made after the Senator was
at the Department. I ask that the last vote
be reconsidered, and that the amendment be
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot object if it
comes within the rule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan moves to reconsider the
vote rejecting the amendment last acted upon.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment striking out the
appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and sixty to strike out the appropriation
of $74,000 for the construction of a breakwater
at Block Island, Rhode Island. ' ,
Mr. ANTHONY. That was not allotted.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; but this is not
on the revised estimates.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senate will
not concur with the committee in striking out
the very moderate appropriation which is con-
ceded in this bill to the immense commerce
that passes by Block Island. I have taken some
pains to collect some of the statistics of that
commerce, and I hope that when the Senate
hear what little I have to say they will agree
with me that the amendment should be rejected.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that this amend-
ment may lie over informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie
over informally if there be no objection. The
next amendment will be read.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and sixty-two, to reduce the appropria-
tion for the improvement of Willamette river,
Oregon, from $20,000 to $4,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and sixty-five, to reduce the appropria-
tion for the removal of Blossom Rock, in the
harbor of San Francisco, from $60,000 to
$10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
one hundred and sixty-eight and one hundred
and sixty-nine, in the following words :
For examination andsurveys on western andnorth-
western rivers, $125,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
one hundred and seventy-twoand one hundred
and seventy-three, in the following words:
For examination and surveys on the Pacific coast,
$25,000.
Mr. COLE. I do not know of any reason
why this item should be stricken- out, and I
presume the chairman of the committee will
hardly be able to give us a reason for it. There
has been none of the appropriation made last
year applied to any such purpose—none cer-
tainly to my knowledge. I think it a very
proper provision, and that this little appropri-
ation for the purpose of making necessary
inquiries should be left in the bill. I remem-
ber presenting resolutions from the Legislature
of the State of California at the last session of
Congress asking Congress to make appropri-
ations for the improvement of certain harbors
