1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
on that coast. They were referred to this
committee, and I supposed this item was in-
serted in the bill in consequence of the refer-
ence of those resolutions to the committee. I
certainly am anxious that this clause shall
remain as it is. But little, certainly, has been
done for that coast. Nothing almost is appro-
priated for the benefit of that coast. Unless
the chairman of the committee can afford some
good reason why it should be stricken out I
am certainly earnest in the expression of the
hope that it may be permitted to remain.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator will ob-
serve that all the appropriations for surveys
are stricken out, both for the northwestern
rivers and lakes and the Pacific coast. The
intention of the committee is to leave further
surveys to the Coast Survey and the lake sur-
vey for the present. That is the intention of
the committee, and I will state that there is a
clerical error in the printing of the bill. The
committee struck out lines one hundred and
seventy and one hundred and seventy-one, and
I will ask that lines one hundred and seventy
and one hundred and seventy-one be stricken
out. That is the action of the committee, but
it is not so printed, owing to a clerical error
in preparing the bill. We propose to leave
the Coast Survey and the lake survey to be all
the surveying that is to be done within the
coming year.
Mr. COLE. If the committee had sufficient
informalion within their reach in the reported
and published results of the Coast Survey or
in other surveys already furnished, it strikes
me as something inexplicable that no appro-
priations are made upon such information in
this bill. I know very well that there is great
necessity for the improvement of certain har-
bors which I can name upon that coast; the
mouth of Eel river, for example, where nearly
all the lumber produced upon that coast is
shipped ; the harbor of San Pedro, the harbor
of San Diego, and the harbor of Santa Cruz,
as well as some improvements in the harbor
of San Fraucisco. If the committee have this
information, why is there not an appropria-
tion in this bill for improvements at ihese
points ?
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will wait
a moment until we come to section four he
will see that all those special cases are like-
wise stricken out by the committee. The ap-
propriation is stricken out because the surveys
ordered were stricken out.
Mr. CORBETT. I think I can explain to
the Senator from California. This appropria-
tion is for cases where resolutions are intro-
duced for the examination of certain harbors,
&e. ; merely for the examination. This is not
the regular Coast Survey, but as the committee
determined to strike it off the surveys for the
Atlantic coast, they also struck out this for
the Pacific. That was the reason for the
amendment. This is the regular appropria-
tion for the Coast Survey.
Mr. COLE. I am quite well aware of that
fact.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senatorfrom Oregon
say why the committee did not strike out the
appropriation for the Atlantic coast?
Mr. CORBETT. It is to be stricken out.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have already stated
that by a clerical error that amendment is not
printed, and immediately after this is acted
upon I shall move that amendment.
Mr. COLE. I would still insist upon leav-
ing in lines one hundred and seventy-two and
one hundred and seventy-three, for the reason
that unquestionably from the numerous sur-
veys and examinations sufficient information
has been obtained touching the Atlantic coast,
which certainly is not the case so far as the
Pacific coast is concerned. I hope, therefore,
the appropriation will be left in.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator will see
by the following section that all these works
named in the bill, and for which this appro-
priation is asked, are stricken out in the fourth
section. After action on this I shall ask that
the appropriation for surveys on the Atlantic
coast be stricken out in accordance with the
action of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to strike
out lines one hundred and seventy and one
hundred and seventy-one, in the following
words:
For examination and surreys on the Atlantic
coast, 630,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to strike out the third section of the bill, which
is as follows :
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That thesumof
$450,000 is hereby appropriated toward completing
the Louisville and Portland canal m accordance with
the plans and estimates made in the report of General
Godfrey Weit&el, and that the Government of the
United States do hereby assume the payment of the-
bonds issued for the completion of the said canal and
branch, amounting to the sum of$1.567,000: Provided,
That all title to and right in said canal and its appur-
tenances be ceded to and vested in theUnited States,
and that the State of Kentuoky shall relinquish all
claim to the government of the same; said canal on
and after its completion to be and remain free from
all tolls and tributes, except so much as shall be ne-
cessary to operate the same and keep it in repair, and
that all money3 in the hands of the treasurer ot' the
canal company, when transferred, shall be paid into
the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust that amendment
will not be agreed to. I do not know whether
there is a quorum present. I wish to discuss
it. I ask the Senator from Michigan if he
desires to consider this matter now?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; we are nearly
through with the bill.
Mr. CORBETT. The chairman might pro-
ceed with section four.
Mr. SHERMAN. We might as well have
this settled.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will pass it over in-
formally, and take up section four.
Mr. SHERMAN. We might as well dis-
pose of this matter now, and I shall be very
brief. I wish to state the reasons why I think
this amendment ought not to be agreed to. _
I suppose many Senators are familiar with
the general facts in regard to the Louisville
and Portland canal. This section contains
three distinct provisions ; first, appropriating
$450,000 toward the completion of the canal;
second, assuming by the Government of the
United States payment of certain bonds issued
by the Louisville and Portland Canal Company,
now held by private parties, to the amount of
$1,567,000; and third, making this canal a
free canal.
The canal was built originally around the
falls of the Ohio by a company chartered by
the State of Kentucky, in which the Unked
States had a considerable amount of capital
stock. The whole of the capital stock of the
United States has been refunded, together with
all the money paid by the United States for
the canal, and finally the proceeds of the tolls
levied upon commerce by Ohio were applied,
with the consent of the State of Kentucky, to
the purchase of all the outstanding stock other
than the stock of the United States, so that now
the work really belongs to the United States;
but a tax of fifty cents a ton on- the tonnage
of every vessel passing the canal is levied upon
the commerce of that great interior river.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How is that money
applied ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been applied to
the enlargement of the canal; but as the money
did not come in fast enough, in pursuance of
a law passed a few years ago the company,
although the work really belongs to the Uni-
ted States, issued bonds to the amount of
$1,567,000, which will mature from 1871 to
1881. The people of the valley think that the
time has arrived when the United States ought
to make that a free canal. The truth is, it is
a wonderful and peculiar feature in the history
of this country that a natural obstruction of
this kind to the greatest interior river com-
munication on this continent should have been
made the basis of a tax on commerce. We
have bought the freedom of the navigation of
the Scheldt in Belgium. We charge no such
toll on tonnage on any water communication
in the United States, so far as I know, - There
is more commerce passing through the Louis-
ville canal than passes around and over the
flats of St. Clair. There is a greater commerce
passing in the interior navigation of the Ohio
than the aggregate foreign commerce of the
United States.
Under these circumstances the House- of
Representatives, after a full debate, after care-
ful investigation of the question, upon a report
made by General Weitzel, approved by Gen-
eral Humphreys, after the fullest examination,
passed this section. It will require $1,000,000
to enlarge the caaal so as to pass vessels of a
very large tonnage. It will require the as-
sumption by the United States of those bonds,
which are a charge on the canal; and then the
declaration follows that the canal shall be free,
and no tolls shall be levied except sufficient to
pay the expenses of keeping it in repair, which
will be very small.
Mr. STEWART- How much is the whole?
Mr. SHERMAN. The amount appropriated
is $450,000, and the amount of outstanding
bonds, all of which do not mature until 1881,
is $1,567,000, $300,000 of which mature every
three years, beginning in 1871. I trust the
Senate will agree to the section and make this
canal free. It is the only tax of the kind on
any part of the commerce of the United States,
and it is rather a remarkable fact that we have
appropriated millions upon millions for the
improvement of interior harbors where there
is scarcely any commerce at all, andthis great
line of communication has been subject to this
very heavy and onerous tax. When Senators
reflect that the amount of the tax is fifty cents
a ton on the capacity of every vessel passing
through the canal, they will see at once what
a tribute has been laid upon this commerce at
this place.
This is a great natural obstruction. It has
cost a great amount of money to complete the
canal. Up to this hour the Government of
the United States has lost nothing in this work,
and has paid nothing to it, for every dollar it
has advanced has been refunded, even with
interest; and besides that I believe—my friend
from Kentucky will correct me if I am wrong—
the United States received for years a return
in money, drew dividends in money from its
investment in this canal. So this appropria-
tion, together with the accumulations of the
tonnage tax in time past, will make this a
free canal and strike off a very onerous and
oppressive tax. The appropriation is only
$450,000, and the assumption of the bonds of
the company is necessary in order to provide
for the interest. If the Senate think the
amount is too large, if they think it worth
while to levy upon the commerce of the river
a tax sufficient to pay the interest on these
bonds, perhaps, if we cannot do better, we
must submit to that; but it seems to me it
would be an act of wisdom and statesmanship
now to make the canal free, subject only to
the necessary charges to keep it in repair.
I may say that since this work was com-
pleted we have spent millions to remove much
less obstructions in the Mississippi river, where
the commerce is not near so large as it is on
the Ohio river. We have removed impedi-
ments in the Red river and iu the Tennessee
river; we have improved the Cumberland
river, and various rivers in the interior, while
we have left this great obstruction a perma-
nent and very heavy tax on our commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the com-
mittee recommended the striking out of this
section for the reason that the appropriation
is a very large one, amounting to $2,017,000,
or within $258,000 as much as the whole bill
without this. The whole amount in the bill
without this is $2,275,000. This is $2,017,000,
which makes it nearly as much as the whole
bill without it. That this is an important work
no one will deny. It has belonged to the Gov-
ernment, I believe, some forty or fifty years;
that is, the Government has had an interest in
it, but the Government has heretofore declined
