1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1881
hereafter make to pay gold when he has re-
ceived gold or its equivalent as the considera-
tion of his contract. The very statement of
this doctrine ought to be its sufficient refuta-
tion. But the minds of gentlemen are vexed
with the fear that this section will bean engine
of oppression in the hands of creditors. If any
new safeguards can be devised that are not
already in this section I know not what they are. |
Whenever this law is carried out in its letter [
and spirit no injustice can possibly result. The j
whole power of the law is in the hands of the i
creditor, and he alone is supposed to be in |
danger of suffering wrong. In the moment |
that remains to me I can do no more than to (
indicate the grounds on which the justice of jj
this measure rests. It is a great and import- j!
ant step towards specie payments, because it Ij
removes the unwise and oppressive decree ji
which almost expatriates American gold and !j
silver from the country. It will not only allow <]
our own coin to stay at home, but it will per- '[
mit foreign coin to flow hither from Europe. |j
More than seventy million dollars of our gold 1
are going abroad every year, in excess of what : j
comes to us, and at the same time in eight king- ;j
doms of Europe there are nearly five hundred |i
million dollars of idle gold ready to be in- ji
vested at less than three per cent, interest. In i;
the Bank of England and the Bank of France j j
there has been for more than a year an aver- . j
age of more than three hundred million of ;
bullion, and most of that time the bank rate ||
of interest has been less than two per cent. |j
Who can doubt that much of this gold would ji
find its way here if it can be invested with- |.
out committing the fortunes of its owners to
the uncertain chances of inconvertible paper
money. But the passage of this bill will en-
able citizens to transact their business on a
fixed and certain basis. It will give stability
and confidence to trade and pave the way for
specie payments. The Supreme Court have in
fact decided that this is now the law, but let
us put it on the statute-book as a notice to the
people and to prevent unnecessary litigation, j;
Mr. PRUYN. The gentleman speaks of ij
that statement about Mr. Stevens not being j
denied. Mr. Stevens denied it on this floor. j
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to the gentleman j
from Minnesota. j
Mr. DONNELLY.. Mr. Speaker, I felt eon- !
strained when this bill was before the House '
to vote against it, and especially against its ]
second section. I feel now that it is a duty I ;
owe to myself and my constituents to pre-
sent some explanation of the vote I am about j
to give against the conference report.
i believe, as lias been said by the gentleman ,
from Indiana, [Mr. Shaxks,] that the passage of ;
the second section of this bill will place the ,
debtor class of the country entirely at the j
mercy of the creditor class and will result in 1
wide-spread injustice and injury to the country. !
I believe it to be a bill altogether in the inter- j
est of the creditor class. Their wealth, intel-
ligence, and position will always insure that
they will be protected in the work of legis- '
lation. " ;
I represent here a new community, composed 1
mainly of farmers, who, while producing large ,
crops of grain, are to a considerable extent,
from their very enterprise and energy, a debtor ^
class. Now, sir, wiieneverany one of theseinen :
findjj his debt, perhaps a mortgage on his ,
homestead, falling due, and in consequence of j
the low price of grain or the general derange- (
tnent of the finances of the country, he caunot -
pay it, and has to ask for a renewal of his note,
he will himself completely at the mercy ;
of his creditor, who under this section will i
liave the right to compel him to agree to pay
(the debt iu gold as a condition of the exten- ;
sion given him. It is true the bill provides '
that the value of the work or service or con- ;
sideration of the debt is to be estimated on a
gold basis, but the creditor will make the esti-
mate. I
When debts thus contracted fall due the i
debtor will have to draw on New York for the i
gold he has agreed to pay or pay the money-
lender the difference between gold and green-
backs. In this way this provision will produce
a widespread demand for gold; this will neces-
sarily increase the value of gold, or in other
words the margin of difference between gold
and greenbacks, and postpone still further the
resumption of specie payments. If we would
equalize the values of gold and greenbacks we
must do nothing to increase the demand for
gold in the country. Such a bill as this, Mr.
Speaker, will weigh heavily upon the debtor
class of the country, and may be used as an in-
strument of great wrong and injustice, and
therefore for one I cannot vote to sustain this
conference report. The capitalists of the coun-
try are no worse than othermen, but we should
not tempt them by opportunities to drive a hard
bargain with their debtors. I disapprove of
the whole policy. It is an attempt to compel
some of our citizens to resume specie payments
at a time when the Government itself with all
its vast resources is not able to do so. It pro-
poses to establish two kinds of currency and
two kinds of commercial transactions in our
country. If the legal tenders are good they
ought to be good for all citizens ; if bad they
must be bad for all. The Government has no
right to say that if A owes B $1,000 he may
pay it in greenbacks worth sixty cents on the
dollar ; but if C can coerce D into a gold con-
tract C must then pay thirty-two per cent,
more than A paid or "than the Government
itself pays to its creditors. I know it is said
that the Supreme Court has decided in favor
of the validity of gold contracts, but this decis-
ion applies only to gold contracts made before
the passage of the legal-tender act. The reason-
ing of the Chief Justice may go further, but as
I understand it the decision does not.
I have other objections to the first section
of the bill, but I have not time now to state
them.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to the gentleman
from Missouri three minutes.
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, money has no
intrinsic value whether in gold or anything else
except as it represents labor. Toil is the only
foundation of value in civilized society. A
dollar embracing so many grains' weight of
gold or silver is worth a bushel of wheat, or
less simply when it represents more or less
labor than is necessary to produco it. These
metals are the convenient mediums which civ-
ilized nations have adopted to represent toil in
the commercial exchanges of the world. This
whole tall; of paying the debt of the Govern-
ment represented by either bonds or greenbacks
in anything but such lepreseutative of labor
is simply no payment at all, and a proposition
to pay the bonds in greenbacks leaves still open
the question as to what we will pay the green-
i backs in. The whole theory of all who have
| advocated this so-called payment is to me very
j much like making people rich bv legislating
j money out of one pocket into the other. Gen-
: tlemcn propose to pay the bonds in greenbacks.
and then I suppose they would turn around and
! pav the greenbacks in bonds. It only results
I in "the interchange of the two, putting paper in
I the shape of bonds into one pocket and then
I taking it out and putting it into the other m the
! form of greenbacks.
I Now. sir, that part of the bill relating to
I gold contracts only affirms the doctrine re-
j centlv announced bv the Supreme Court. The
! Supreme Court has already decided in a recent
! case that contracts payable in gold by their
terms are payable in coin ; so that the effect
i of that decision will be the same as this law
| will make it. I am decidedly iu favor of this
f bill as one step toward that durable standard
j of value—labor represented in coin—so desir-
i able and so necessary to permanent financial
I prosperity.
i [Here the hammer fell.]
! Mr. SCIIENCK. I yield three minutes to
i the gentleman from Tennessee,
i Mr. MAYNAHD. When this bill was before
: the House recently gentlemen may remember
that I voted for the first section and against
the second. By virtue of the recent decision
of the Supreme Court the second section be-
comes a simple nullity, so that the argument
of the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Don-
nelly] is without force, and therefore no good
can result from throwing obstacles in the way
of the passage of this bill, while much good
may result from asserting what we believe to
be the contract between the Government and
its creditors. I think we had better take the
report as it comes to us, and settle the question
for all time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield for one minute
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Milleb.]
Mr. MILLER. I am sorry the committee of
conference could not agree to strikeout the sec-
ond section of the bill, for I fear that it will lead
to agreatdeal of wrong. Itprovidesthatall con-
tracts made payable in gold can be enforced. I
admit that where a contractis made and the party
gives value in gold that would be right enough;
but according to the provisions of this bill every
agreement that is entered into where they agree
to pay gold will be enforced unless the party
injured can prove that he did not receive gold
value for the obligation signed payable in gold.
And I would ask how it is to be proven, for the
person obtaining such obligation no doubt would
take care that there were no witnesses present,
and the party injured could not be a witness
! except in the United States courts, where we
I have a statute allowing either party to be. a
j witness, and so it is in some of the States; but
\ it is not so in Pennsylvania and many others,
i We have seen great injustice done by shrewd
' creditors inserting exemption clauses in obliga-
! tions by means of which many poor men and
their families have been deprived of all the
property they possessed, not even leaving a
bed to lie on. I do not, Mr. Speaker, think
we ought to embrace in this bill anything that
might be construed to take advantage of an
unfortunate debtor. As to the first section, I
am decidedly in favor of it, except as to the
proviso, but that is much better now than it was
when it before passed this House. The sub-
stance of the first section is^what the majority
of the American people decided in relation to
our Government bonds at the last presidential
' election. If. however, this second section
' should not be stricken out I will be constrained
to vote for the bill, as the first section is of too
! much importance to be defeated.
j [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCIIENCK, I yield for three minutes
to the gentleman trom Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I know
1 nothing which can add to the farce of this bill
more than the v.-;■ y in which it is being dis-
cussed in tins House. It was started out as
" a bill to strengthen the credit of the Unitect
States,'' something like a "poor mans pla^
' ter'' to be put upon the credit of the United
, States to strengthen it, as it the credit ot this
great country needed strengthening from any-
body. Its title was out off in the Semite, so
! that now it is only " a bill relating to the public
' debt," and then it was sent back here. It pro-
j posed when it started to say that it was the law
I and contract that the United States bonds
i should be paid in gold provided the notes were
1 paid in gold: that is to say that it was the law
that the bonds should be paid in coin when t!u-
notes were convertible into coin, and it the
notes were not convertible into coin, tnen it was
not the law that the bonds should be paid in
coin. That having been struck out, we have
now got a hocus-pocus in there which says ih.'t
at some time when the debt, is due it shall be
1 paid in sold, provided we have got gold to
' pay it. The whole of this thing is simply a
: stock-jobbing, bill-broking, banking, gold spec-
ulative concern, and banks have made ti-n and
i fifteen millions out. of this discussion and the
' pendencv of this bill. \\ liile I do not mean to
I say that the gentlemen who have brought this
' forward imendrd that by any means, f. st.uc-
