1882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
what the country knows and the House knows
is the effect of this bill, and has been and will
be the only effect.
Now, I have extended time of a minute and
a half left to deal with the great legal and con-
stitutional questions involved in the second sec-
tion. The second section will convert every
merchant and every man who makes a contract
into a gold gambler. Let me give you an illus-
tration. 1 want to buy a thousand pieces of
cassimere. I go to a man who has them to sell
and he offers to sell them at so much in gold
and so much in paper. I make a contract with
him for the gold price, and from that hour I
am a speculator in the gold market to see in
which way I can fulfill my contract with most
profit. If gold goes up lie buys to save him-
self; ifitfalls he endeavors to protect himself
by hedging his past purchase.
Again, every debtor will be in the power of
his creditor, for he cannot prove what the con-
sideration of his debt was. Every bank can
sell its bank notes to its customers and take
their obligations to pay in gold.
{Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield three minutes
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. LOGAN. I have known that a bill may
be attacked in various ways. And I knowthat
sarcasm, and the manner in which the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] deals
with this bill, is a very great weapon in the
hands of aperson of ability. Bat such a weapon
might be applied to the theory of the gentle-
man as well as to this bill.
This proposition is a plain and simple prop-
osition. What is it? It is this: whether or not
the United States of America shall pledge itself
before the world that our indebtedness, both
greenbacks and interest-bearing obligations,
shall be paid in money, in that which is rec-
ognized as money by the nations of the earth ?
That is the proposition—neither more nor less.
This bill is not materially changed under the
report of the committee of conference from
what it was when it came from the Committee
of Ways and Means of this House, and when
two thirds of the House voted for it.
Now, what is the proposition of the gentle-
man who opposes this bill? It is that our
greenbacks and our bonds shall not be paid in
gold, for that is the converse of the proposition
that they shall be paid in gold. Now, what
does that mean? It means that I shall pay a
debt that is due to-day by giving my note; that
is all._ It is something like the proposition of
the Irishmen when called upon to pay a debt.
A man came to him and said: " You owe me
$100." "les," said the Irishman. "You
must pay it now or give me your note at ten
per cent, interest for three years." " Well,"
said the Irishman, "I will give you a note to
be due at no particular time, and bearing no
particular interestatall." [Laughter.] That
is all there is in the opposition to this bill, this
theory of paying a bond with a greenback, and
then redeeming the greenback with another
greenback or another bond.
Now, in reference to those gold contracts :
the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Don-
nelly] said that this would place the debtor
in the power of the creditor. Now, I have
never advocated this gold contract part of the
bill. But in answer to the gentleman, I will
say that he mistakes the character of this bill;
he has got hold of some old bill; this bill as
it now stands provides that contracts hereafter
made and specifically conditioned to be paid
in coin, and the consideration of which shall
be the loan of coin or property or labor made
on a gold coin basis, shall be paid in coin.
Now, I see nothing wrong in that. The Su-
preme Court has said that is the law now. If
so there is no harm in putting that declaration
m this bill now. W*e will then all stand on the
same basis. If there is no harm in the bill
there is no reason why gentlemen should attack
a good bill even if they think it unnecessary,
I am in favor of agreeing to the report of
the committee of conference, because if you
strike out one section of the bill now, the only
result will be to defeat the whole proposition.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield three min-
utes to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Barnes.]
Mr. BARNES. I failed to get the attention
of the House or to secure any time to discuss
this bill at the time of its original passage,
which I desired to do. I am very glad for an
opportunity now to say a few words in the lim-
ited time allotted to me. I was opposed to the
first section of this bill declaring that the five-
twenties and the seven-thirties shall be jjaid in
gold, because I know, as every member in this
House knows, that when those bonds were
issued the takers of them agreed to take the
currency of the country in payment when those
bonds should become due. But one good comes
from the declaration in the bill as it is presented
to us. The country needs a definite policy, a
declared idea, with reference to what is the
judgment of Congress in relation to the cur-
rency for the next several years.
Now, is it necessary that the legislative body
of the country should declare whether we in-
tend to pay gold in five years or do not intend
to pay gold within twenty years? I admire
the honesty and candor of gentlemen who in
discussing this bill have declared that they do
not believe that any system of legislation can
force specie payments within the period of ten
or fifteen years, for that is virtually what is
proposed by this bill. Why, Mr. Speaker,
there is not a bond of the U nited States now is-
sued that will mature earlier than thirteen years
hence ; aud if we were at any rate to pay gold
at the maturity of these bonds, why should the
declaration be made in reference to the pay-
ment of gold at all? But it seems to me that
the country will hail with satisfaction the dec-
laration that we are not to continue that spe-
cies of moonshine legislation which makes to-
day declarations which cannot be complied with
to-morrow with reference to the enforcement
of specie payments. It is in this view only
that I regard the first section of this bill as ben-
eficial or desirable.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield one minute to the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Pkice.]
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, I do not want
to argue this case at all, but simply to say that
the answer to all the objections urged against
the bill can be found in any New York paper
of the present day. It has been stated that
this measure is in the interest of the bankers,
of the brokers, of the men who hold the money;
but it is a notorious fact that ever since we
have initiated legislation upon this subjectlook-
ing to the declaration that our bonds shall be
paid in gold, gold has been going down. If
this decline of gold continues at the rate at
which it has been going on there will come
before a great while a time when we shall be
able to resume specie payments. I think there-
fore that this is the best possible kind of legis-
lation. All these prognostications of evil in
the future—all these apprehensions of dark
clouds overhanging our financial horizon—are
completely dissipated by the simple fact that
gold has been going down regularly every hour
since this measure was first introduced.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Jones] for a question.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I shall not un-
dertake in the brief time now allowed me to
express an opinion on the merits of this bill,
for I could not in that time give one satisfac-
tory to myself. I merely desire to propound a
question to the gentleman from Ohio. In ex-
plaining this bill he has stated that it provides
for the redemption in coin of the interest-
bearing and non-interest-bearing indebtedness
of the Government, including greenbacks, at
the earliest possible period. I have been rather
inclined to think that that period is in the dis-
tant future, and I should be very glad to know
whether the gentleman from Ohio in his elab-
orate calculations and researches bas ascer-
tained with any definiteness the period at which
that consummation can be reached?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; I only hope that
it will be very soon, and I think that it will be
hastened by the adoption of such bills as this
and other wise legislation that may follow. At
the same time I believe that the prompt dis-
charge of our national obligations depends upon
the proper husbanding of our means and an
energetic development- of the resources of the
country more than ou any direct interposition
of the legislative power. In my view we cannot
command that the sick man shall get well at
a particular hour.
I yield one minute to the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Pike.]
Mr. PIKE. I voted against the bill the other
day upon the ground that it gave an undue
preference to the bonded debt of the country,
being, as I supposed, in the interest of the
holders of the bonds and making no provision
for the holders of the notes. This bill remedies
that. It provides, as I understand, that we
shall come to specie payment on the notes, and
that when we arrive at specie payment on the
notes we shall then pay the bonds. As to its
effect it may have the effect to appreciate
greenbacks and it may not. I call the gentle-
man's attention to the fact that when our bonds
are selling at 90 and 92 in the London market
our greenbacks are no more than they were
when our bonds were 75.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Illinois for two minutes.
Mr. BURR. Mr. Speaker, I am not aware
of the special provisions of the bill of the com-
mittee of conference; but I have always been
and still am opposed to all legislation which
could have the tendency to bind the nation to
what it is not already legally bound for in the
way of our public indebtedness. We have
some bonds outstanding which by their pro-
visions are payable in the lawful money of the
nation, which money is to-day known as green-
backs. All legislation which tends to bind the
faith of the nation to the payment or redemp-
tion of those bonds in gold which were not
originally so payable or redeemable adds to
the public debt an amount equal to the differ-
ence between gold and lawful money. In other
words it adds thirty-three and a half per cent,
to that indebtedness and thus increases the
burdens of taxation, giving rise to speculation
and overreaching on the part of creditors as
against debtors. It is a measure in favor of
the rich man and against the toiling millions.
I am opposed to it. Instead of securing the
payment of the debt either in coin or green-
backs it is the first movement toward repudia-
tion, and if attempted to be carried out will
make the cry '' repudiation'' popular among the
laboring masses of the country.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield the gentleman
one minute.
Mr. BURR. I have this to say: that in the
West during the last campaign, which turned
in a great measure on financial questions, I
never heard a Radical speaker advocating the
election of General Grant on the proposition
that the public bonds of the Government were
to be paid ultimately in coin; and where they
did not go squarely in favor—both sides I
mean—of the payment in the legal money of
the United States they dodged the question
and refused to say anything about it. The plat-
form made at Chicago said that they should be
paid according to the "letter and spirit" of
the contract, while in the pending bill we have
nothing about the letter and spirit, but it is in
plain old-fashioned terms, which every one
understands, requiring the payment in coin or
its equivalent. Last fall, when the election
was pending, it was nothing but the letter and
the spirit of the contract, without defining what
that letter and spirit was; but the necessity
for deception has gone by; success has beer.
