THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
to take possession of the work. Even when
the Government was distributing money around
among the States it bad the same interest in
this canal that it has now. While the time, no
doubt, will come when the Government will
deem it proper to the i rite test of commerce to
take possession of this work, the committee
doubted whether this was the time to invest
$2,000,000 in it, when it had lain for half a
century in the same position without the Gov-
ernment taking possession of it. The commit-
tee were unanimously of the opinion that the
section had better, at this time, be stricken
out. As to the amount of commerce passing
this point being greater than that over the St.
Clair flats, I have not the statistics before
me, and therefore cannot speak accurately. 1
have no doubt this commerce is very great;
but I presume it is not one tenth as great as
the commerce over the St. Clair ilats. How-
ever, I will not go into that subject. I admit
that it is very large. I hope that the report of
the committee will be concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable chairman is
altogether mistaken as to the amount of com-
merce that floats upon the Ohio river. The
whole amount of money that is proposed to be
appropriated .to the Louisville and Portland
canal by the bill as it comes from the House is
essentially necessary at this time. The canal
as originally constructed was not more than
half as large as it should have been. The length
and width of the locks should have been at least
double, in the original plan of the canal, what
they were made. But what is called the exten-
sion of the canal increases the length of the
locks to three hundred and eighty feet, and the
width of the canal to eighty feet. That enlarge-
ment of the canal has progressed until it is in a
great state of forwardness. This appropriation
of money is necessary to continue and com-
plete the enlargement of the locks.
The character of the navigation of the Ohio
has greatly changed in the last twenty or thirty
years. Previously it was conducted" by single
steamboats; but within that period of time it
has assumed the form of tug-boats, lashing
from three to five barges abreast. The object
of this improvement is to enable a steam-tug,
with from three to live barges abreast, to pass
through the locks, which will greatly cheapen
the cost of transportation and commerce along
the whole line of the river.
This improvement of enlarging the locks to
the length of three hundred and eighty feet and
to the width of eighty feet, may be assumed to
have been completed to the extent of some-
thing like two thirds. There is something
like a third of the work to be performed yet,
to give the locks that capacity. The intention
of the managers of the canal is to devote the
whole of this sum, if it is appropriated by Con-
gress, to the work upon the locks, and to leave
the enlargement of the line of the canal until
that part of the improvement is complete and
perfect, which will enable the business of the
canal to be transacted with almost as much
facility as though the line of the canal itself
were also enlarged.
I trust that at least the clause in the bill ap-
propriating money will be retained. If it is
not the work of improving the locks upon the
canal—enlarging them in length and width—
will be retarded until that amount of aid is re-
ceived from the public Treasury, or nearly that
amount. The net proceeds of the canal are
not sufficient to complete the enlargement of
the locks within any reasonable time, and un-
less this appropriation is made this "enlarge-
ment which is so necessary to the proper facili-
tation of thecommerce and transportation upon
the whole line of that river, because every gen-
tleman knows that the falls are about midway
between New Orleans and Pittsburg—cannot
be made, and this great obstruction at the falls,
winch is only partially obviated now by locks
that are greatly inadequate to the business of
the river, must continue for a long number of
years until it shall become the pleasure of Con-
gress to make adequate appropriations for a
speedy completion of the work. The sum that
is now asked, considering the magnitude of the
work and its importance to the commerce of
the country and the number of States, and the
fertile regions of the United States that are in-
terested in the improvement of the navigation
of the river at the falls, is certainly not a large
sum.
Mr. President, there are thirty-eight thou-
sand miles of river line that are interested in
the improvement of these falls. The steam-
boats that pass through these falls navigate
upon the Ohio and Mississippi rivers and
their tributaries upward of thirty-eight thou-
sand miles of river line, and the boats along
that whole and immense diversified line are
compelled to pass the canal through these
locks. It is for the benefit of that vast com-
merce and the immense extent of fertile agri-
cultural countrythat is drained by these thirty-
eight thousand miles of river line that-this
improvement is asked. This appropriation of
money is required to make the improvement.
I trust that the Senate will not hesitate to grant
the money that is proposed to be appropriated
to the work.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I simply
desire to make a statement from the record in
regard to the present attitude of this corpora-
tion and of this canal for the information of
the Senate, as I have been at some trouble to
collect it. As stated by the Senator from
Ohio, the company was incorporated by the
Legislature of Kentucky in 1825. Of the stock
that was then taken about one third was sub-
scribed by the Government of the United
States, and the other two thirds of it taken by
private individuals. The canal was completed
in 1826 and 1827. In 1842 the Government had
received back in the way of revenue and from
the stock all the money that had been paid out
for the two thousand three hundred and thirty
shares of slock originally, and $21,561 besides;
so that the Government now has in the Treas-
ury, received from this canal, $21,561 more
than was originally paid for the stock.
Mr. DAVIS. And the Government received
interest on the stock.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir. Besides that, a
portion of the revenue that would have come
to the Government on that part of the stock
owned by the Government was devoted to the
purchase of other stock, by which the Govern-
ment_ became the proprietor of five hundred
and sixty shares in addition, making over two
thousand nine hundred shares the Government
held out of about nine thousand shares. In
1842 the Legislature of Kentucky passed an act
by which they authorized the revenues of the
canal, including that part which would have
gone to the United States on its stock, to be
appropriated to the purchase of all the stock
held by private individuals, and the stock,
when thus purchased, was to be held in trust
for the Government of the United States upon
this condition:
"And when the said shares shall be all purchased
the same shall be transferred to tile Government of
the United States, oil condition of said Government
levying tolls for the use ot said canal only sufficient
to keep the same in repair and pay all necessary
superintendence, custody, and expenses, and make
ail necessary improvements, so as fuliv to answer
the purposes of its establishment, and further to
protect and gudrd the interests of commerce."
Under that authority the revenues of the
canal were applied to the purchase of the out-
standing stock in the hands of private individ-
uals, something over six thousand shares, and
all the stock was purchased but five shares of
$100, each held by five men; and those five men
have for years had the control of the canal
They hold the stock in trust. The Govern-
ment has never accepted it. These men have
got this whole work under their control, and
have only got $500 in stock, all of them, in it.
It is conceded that they have managed the
trust honestly. But the condition was that the
Government should accept of this stock upon
these conditions: that they should keep the
work in repair, make all the necessary im-
provements in the canal that might be required,
and only charge enough tolls to do that. Some
seven or eight Secretaries of the Treasury have
from time to time recommended the Govern-
ment to take this work, and at least half a
dozen Committees on Commerce have also
concurred in reports urging the Government
to take this canal and to make these improve-
ments, but the Government has failed to do it.
The act of the Legislature of Kentucky con-
tains a provision that if the Government of
the United States shall decline to accept this
canal on these terms the city of Louisville
shall have the right to do it; and the city of
Louisville now lias the right under the laws
of the State of Kentucky to accept this canal
and hold it instead of the Government of the
United States, and will do it if the Govern-
ment shall decline to do it, most likely. In 1857
the Legislature of Kentucky authorized this
company to construct a branch canal out of
the revenues of the canal and upon the credit
of the company. The company commenced
operations, out they failed to secure the con-
currence of the Government of the United
States until 1860 ; and I will ask the Secretary
to read the joint resolution passed in 1860,
showing the concurrence of the Government
of the United States in it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Resolved bv the SenatenndHouseof Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled.
That, thu president and directors of the Louisville
and Portland Canal Company be, and they are hereby,
authorized, with the revenues and credits of the com-
pany, to enlarge the said canal, and to construct a,
branch canal from a suitable point on the south side
of the present canal to a point on the Ohio river, oppo-
site Sandlsland, sufficientto pass the largestclass of
steam vessels navigating the Ohio river : Provided,
That nothing herein contained shall authorize said
presidcntordirectors.directlyorindirectly, to use or
pledge the faith or credit of the United States for the
thesaid enlargement or construction, it beinghereby
expressly declared that the Government of the United
States shall not bo in any manner liable for said en-
largement or construction : Provided further, That
when said canal is enlarged, and its branch canal is
constructed, and its cost of said improvement paid
fon no more tolls shall be collected than an amount
sufficient to keep the ca.nal in repair and pay for ail
necessary superintendence and management."
Mr. MORTON. The Government therefore
concurred in the commencement of the con-
struction of this new canal. Now, sir, it will
take about one million dollars to complete it.
The locks of the old canal are one hundred
and eighty-three feet long. The canal is about
two miles long and fifty feet wide. At least one
half of the steamers that ply on the Ohio river
cannot pass through that canal at all; and
in the spring, winter, and fall, when they are
floating coal down the river, the coal-bargps
will sometimes fill the canal so that boats are
detained two or three days. There are con-
stant detentions there, even for the boats that
can pass through the canal, on account of the
want of capacityI received the other day a
letter from General Weitzel, the engineer now
in charge of the woik, a Government engineer,
and he informs me thai thiee steamboats havfe
been lost on the falls this winter, giving the
names and descriptions of the boats; being
compelled to pass through the falls they were
wrecked.
This Government, then, occupies this anom-
alous condition: all the stock is now held in
trust forthe Government of the United States ;
the. canal is managed by five men, who have
got $100 apiece in the work; they have no
personal interest in it themselves worth con-
sidering. This canal must be completed. The
interests of commerce demand it; and the
question is whether it shall be allowed to linger
on and the commerce of the river be taxed to
complete the canal, or whether the Govern-
ment will make an appropriation for that pur-
pose. Sir, the interest involved in this appro-
priation is four times greater than all the rest
embraced in this appropriation bill, infinitely
greater than all the rest that is embraced in it.
It is a matter of great importance to Indi-
ana, Ohio, western Pennsylvania, West Vir-
ginia, northern Kentucky, and the southern
half of Illinois. Why, sir, there are over a
million of people living in the towns on the
banks of the Ohio river aside from the coun-
try people ; and there are locally interested in
