1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1883
achieved on the ''letter and spirit" plan of
campaigning ; Grant has been elected, and now
the cloak is thrown off and labor must pay about
eight hundred million dollars for the privilege
of having aided iu securing the success of the
Radical party.
[Here the hamrrer fell.]
Sir. GARFIELD. I stated in every speech
I made, from the beginning to the end of the
campaign, that those bonds were payable in
sold.
Mr. SCHENCK. So did I.
Mr. SHANKS. And I said they were paid
in greenbacks.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. SCHENCK. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Illinois for one minute.
Mr. BROMW ELL. I voted against this bill
before, but not on account of anything con-
tained in the first section. I was once elected
on this very issue of the payment of these bonds
in gold. I do not like to use the last minute
of the gentleman's time in abusing his bill;
but I must say this bill is bad for multifarious-
ness if for nothing else. To say nothing of
the confusion which prevails in all of the pro-
visions of the first section of the bill, this
second section, as it now stands, puts this Gov-
ernment in the position of issuing legal tender
notes, and while doing nothing to make them
of par value, holding them up by law in court
and broker's shops as of base value, and famil-
iarizing the public in court proceedings and
sheriffs' auctions as money not fit to be esteemed
as such even by the Government which issues it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. SCHENCK. I yield one minute to the
gentleman from New Yoik.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I simply desire to ex-
press the hope that I expressed the other day
that, this bill will pass this House by a decided
majority. When the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Bcbr] says he heard nothing in the ad-
vocacy of the election of General Grant that
had any reference to paying our obligations in
gold and silver I suspect the reason of that is
that the gentleman only attended Democratic
meetings. Now, it is a well-known fact, and
I feel justified in announcing it, that General
Grant did not hesitate to say that if the Chi-
cago platform took an equivocal position, if
the convention hesitated to declare the integ-
rity of the obligation of this Government for
the payment of its debt in gold and silver, he
would not accept the nomination for the Presi-
dency.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURR. To whom did General Grant
make that statement ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield one minute to the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. McCarthy. I have listened to many
speeches on this question of finance and Have
arrived at this conclusion in my own mind as
to what is necessary to bring about a final
resumption of specie payments:
1. That we should hold the volume of the
currency where it is without diminution.
2. That there should be no accumulation of
gold in the Treasury of the United States.
3. That we should strengthen the credit
of the Go vernment: and for this purpose I
shall vote for this bill as a very important move
in that direction.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know whether
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] has gone or not, but I did desire to reply
to him when he spoke of this bill as being a
poor man's plaster, which would do no good ;
by saying that the proof of the pudding is in
'he eating. He sneers at it as a bill to strengthen
the public credit. It has already, in the mere
prospect of its passage, strengthened the public
credit., and it is strengthening it by making the
people in this country and abroad believe that
we are coming to subscribe to the doctrine that
honesty is the best policy.
Now, sir, the gentleman cannot put down a
proposition of this kind by sneers and vituper-
ation, by calling it " a swindling brokers' bill.'1
It is an honest bill, and if there be any swind-
ling, repudiation, or playing into the hands of
those who make a foot-ball of the credit of the
country, it is on the part of those who oppose
such an honest recognition of our obligations
and who oppose the honest declaration of our
party to discharge those obligations- Sir, it is
just such speeches as that which the gentleman
has made, just such talk about paying in green-
backs, just such demagogical appeals to the
soft side, as it is supposed, of the people of
the country upon this subject of the payment of
the national debtthathavecostusmilhonsupon
millions. Here we are a powerful nation, a
great country, with resources which are the
wonder of the world, and yet we cannot go
into the market of the world and borrow money
as cheaply as one of our States—Massachusetts,
for instance, the gentleman's own State. We
cannot borrow moueyas cheaply as the meanest
Government of Europe, or almost any South
American State. Why? Because we have such
talk that people doubt our intention to pay
honestly our debts according to the letter and
spirit of the contract when they fall due. We
could better afford to give such gentlemen
81.000,000 apiece to stay out of Congress than
to have them come here and injure our public
credit by such language as they use. That is
all the question there is about the matter, and
that is all I have to say on the subject. I move
the previous question.
Mr. SHANKS. I move to lay the report
on the table ; and on that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken : and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 53, nays 119_. not voting
ol; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archcr, Baker, Bcatfcy,
Beck, Boyer. Bromwell, Burr, Roderick R. Butler,
Cary, Cobb, Coburn, Deweese, Donnelly, Eggleston,
Eldridge, Farnsworth, Getz, Golladay, Goss, Grover,
Haight, Hardinj?, Hawkins, Holman. Hopkins, Hum-
phrey, Hunter, Ingersoll, Johnson, ThomasL. Jones,
Kerr, Knott, William Lawrence, Marshall. McCor-
mick, McCullough, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson,
Orth, Pruyn, Randall, Ro^s, Shanks, Stone, Tilt,
Lawrence S. Trimble. Van Auken, Van Trump,
Wood, Woodward, and Young—53.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey. Barnes,
Barnuin, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham,
Blair, Boutwcll, Bowen. Boyden, Brooks. Broornnll,
Bucklcy, Calhs, Chanler, Churchill, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Clift, Corley, Cornell, Cul-
lom, Dawes, Die-key, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Eckley,
Thomas D. Eliot. James T. Elliott, Fernss, Ferry,
Fields, Garfield, Gove, Griswold, Habev, Hanghey,
Heaton, Higby, Hill, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Richard
D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Jenckes, Alexander H.Jones,
Judd, Julian, Kcllosrs, ICeteham, Laflin, La^h,
George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan, Lynch, Mai-
lory, Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy, McKee, Mercur,
Miller, Moore, Muorhead, Morrell, MuUms, Myers,
Newsham, Norris, O'Neill. Paine, Perham, Peters,
Pierce, Plants, Poland, Price, Prince, Rnuin, Rob-
ertson, Robinson. Roots, Sawyer, Schenck, Scolield,
Shellabarger, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Ste-
vens, Stewart, Stover, Sypher, Tuber, Taylor, Trow-
bridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernara. Burt Van
Horn. Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, CadwaladerC.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Whit-
temore, William Williams. James F. Wilson, Wood-
bridge, and the Speaker—119.
NOT VOTING—Messrs.Anderson,Baldwin,Banks,
Blackburn. Blaine, Boies, Buckland. Benjamin F.
Butlei, Cake, Colfax, Cook, Covode, Delano, Dock-
ery, Edwards, Ela, Fox, French, Glossbrenner,
Gravely, Hamilton. Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester
I). Hubbard, Kelley, IveUey, Kitchen, Koontz, Loan,
Loughridtfc, Morri?sey, Ncwcomb, Nunn, Pettis,
Phelps, Pike, Pile.Polsley, Selye,Sitgreaves, Stokes,
Taffe, Thomas, John Trimble, Van Wyck. Vidal,
Ehhu B. Washburne. Henry D. Washbuin, Thomas
William?, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Wmdom—51.
So the House refused to lay the report of
the committee of conference on the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. KOONTZ stated that he had paired
upon this question with Mr. Butler, of Massa-
chusetts, who was absent on a committee of
conference. Mr. Butler would have voted
•'ay,'' and he (Mr. Koontz) "no."
Mr. ARCHER stated that Mr. Phelps was
absent on a committee of conference.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, the question recurred upon
agreeing to the report of the committee of con-
ference.
Mr. BURR called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken : and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 118, navs 57, not voting
48; as follows: -jo
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos R,
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Barnes.
Barnain, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham,
Blair, Boutwell, Bowen, Boyden. Brooks, Broornnll,
Buckley. Cake, Callis, Chanler, Churchill, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Chft, Corley. Cornell, Cullom,
Dawes, Dickev, Dixon, Dodge, Eckley, Thomas D.
Eliot, James T. Elliott, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Gar-
field, Gove. Griswold, Halsey, Haughey, Heaton,
Higby, Hill, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Richard D. Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Judd,
Julian, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham, Laflin, Lash,
George V. Lawrence, Lincoln. Logan, Lynch, Mai-
lory, Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy, McKee, Mercur,
Miller, Moore, Moorhead. Morrell, Mullins, Myers,
Newsham. Norris, O'Neill, Paine, Perham, Peters,
Pierce, Pile. Plants, Poland, Price, Prince, Raum,
Robertson, Robinson, Roots, Sawyer, Schenck, Sco-
field, Shellabarger, Smith, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stewart. Stover, Sypher, Taber, Taylor. Trowbridge,
Twichell, Upson, Burt Van Horn. Van Wyck, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Whittemore, JamesF. Wilson, Woodbrnige,
and the Speaker—113.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer. Baker, Beatty,
Beck, Boyer. Bromwell, Burr, Roderick R. Butler,
Cary, Cobb. Coburn, Cook, Deweese, Dockery, Don-
nelly. Eldridge, Farnsworth, Getz, Golladay, Goss,
HaigUt, Harding, Hawkius, liolman, Hopkins. Hun-
ter, Ingersoll, Johnson.Thomas L.Jones. Kerr. Knott.
William Lawrence, Marshall, McCormick, McCul-
lough, Mungen, Niblack, Orth,Pruyn,Randall,Ross,
Shanks, Sitgreaves, Stone, Thomas, Tift, Lawrence
S. Trimble. Van Aernam, Van Auken, Van Trump,
Henry D. Washburn, William Williams, Stephen F.
Wilson. Wood, Woodward, and Young—57.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Baldwin, Banks,
Blackburn. Blaine, Boles, Buckland, Benjamin F.
Butler, Colfax, Covode, Delano, Driggs, Edwards,
Eggleston, Ela, Fox, French. Glossbrenner, Gravely,
Grover, Hamilton, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D.
Hubbard, Humphrey, Kelley, Kitchen, Koontz, Loan,
Lougbfridge, Morribsey, Newcoinb, Nicholson, Nunn,
Pettis, Phelps. Pike, Polsley, Selye, Spalding, Stokes,
Taffe, John Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, Vidal,
Elihu B. W ashburne. Thomas Williams, JohnT. Wil-
son, and Windom—43.
So the report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. KOONTZ stated that he was paired on
this question with Mr. Butler, of Massachu-
setts. Mr. Bctler would have voted "no"
and he [Mr. Koontz] uay.n
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report of the committee of con*
ference was agreed to j and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
post road bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask unanimous
consent to have taken from the Speaker'stable
the amendments of the Senate to the bill of the
ji HouseNo. 2006, to establish certain postroads.
;! There is 110 legislation 111 the amendments,
1! merely the addition of other routes. I ask that
the amendments be concurred in.
j| No objection being made, the amendments
i! were taken from the Speaker's table and con-
curred in.
,! enrolled bill signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
'i Committeeon Enrolled Bills, reported that the
i| committee had examined and found truly en-
lj rolled a bill of the following title; when the
!; Speaker signed the same :
I An act (H. R. No. 17-M) to strengthen the
i public credit, and 1 elating to contracts for the
i payment of coin.
! The hour of half past, four p. m. having ar-
i rived, the House, pursuant to previous order,
took a recess until half past seven o'clock p.m.
I EVENING SESSION.
! The hour of half past seven p. m. having
1 arrived, the House resumed its session.
! assignees in bankruptcy.
Mr. JENCKES, from the Committee on
! Revision of Laws of the United States, submit-
| ted a report in writiug upon the subject of the
! mode of pppointing assignees in bankruptcy;
| which was laid 011 the table, and ordered to be
' printed.
j altkgations against a member.
' Mr. JENCKES also submitted a report in
i writing from the select committee on the sub-
