1182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
in amount they would infinitely surpass any-
thing tbat has been asked for the extension of
this canal and,the improvement of the Ohio
river from the beginning of the Government to
the present time.
But, Mr. President, the principle, to my
mind, is self-evident and undeniable upon every
consideration of sound policy that wherever
there is a great national work of internal im-
provement to facilitate the internal commerce
of the country it is the duty of the General
Government to construct it and to make it free
to all the people of the United States. The
great internal trade of our country, so much
more valuable than all its external trade, ought
to be as free to the people of the United States
as that external trade is upon the bosom of all
the ocean with all the world; and in propor-
tion as we can bring these two systems into a
parallel position of equal freedom and equal
facility, without cost or charge, both of inter-
nal and external trade, to every American citi-
zen, we ought to do it. Whenever an appro-
priation is necessary by Congress to relieve
the trade around the Sault Ste. Marie, and to
make it free, not only to the people locally of
that section of the United States but to all the
people of America who choose to go into that
trade, I.am ready to vote the money for that
object, and for all similar objects.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the ques-
tion is whether the Treasury is in a situation
at this time to assume this work that has lain
for fifty years or thereabouts in its present
condition. I hold in my band the report of
General Godfrey Weitzel, in which he estimates
the cost of completing this canal and of build-
ing another canal on the Indiana shore. This
appropriation is not recommended by the en-
gineerdepartment; but General Weitzel recom-
mends the improvement of this canal and the
building of a canal on the Indiana shore like-
wise. He says:
"To completo this canal would cost, according to
tho plan last adopted, $1,178,000; to complete it ac-
cording to the original plan would cost $1,295,000;
and to complete it as I think it should be will cost
*1,894,000."
Then he says that to build the canal which
he recommends on the Indiana side '1 ninety
feet wide and four and a half feet deep will
cost §12,025,000; and to build it one hundred
and twenty feet wide will cost $14,600,000."
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 ask if the figures and esti-
mates which he is now reading do not apply
entirely to new works upon the Iudiana side
of the river, and not to the Louisville and
Portland canal ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; I so stated.
Now, this question is, whether the Senate is
prepared at this time to vote this sura of
$2,017,000? I find that the amount of bonds
to be taken upare, in 1871, $375,000 ; iu 1870,
$399,000; in 1881, $398,000; and in 1886,
$400,000; in all $1,567,000. It is a question,
I say, for the Senator to decide whether the
Treasury is at thistime in a condition to assume
this work. It was the opinion of the commit-
tee that it was not. As I said before, this
appropriation is very nearly equal to all the
other appropriations in this bill. The whole of
them amount to $2,275,000, and this amounts
to $2,017,000. The committee were unani-
mous in opinion that the Treasury was not at
this time in a condition to assume this work.
It is for the Senate to decide.
Mr. BOCKALEVV. Mr. President, after
what has been stated by the Senator from Indi-
ana it is not necessary for me to say most that
I intended to say when I rose before; bnt there
are two or three things very plain in this case.
In the first place this is a river and harbor bill.
It is a bill to appropriate public money to the
improvementof certain harbors upon our coast
and of certain rivers which thread the interior
of the country, there ia an "appropriation to
the Susquehanna—a very small one; an ap-
propriation to the Hudson, an appropriation
to the Upper Mississippi. Therefore, upon
general grounds, there is nothing inconsistent
with the general character of this bill and of
alnnual bills heretofore in appropriating money
to the improvement of the Ohio river, to re-
move an obstruction in that great stream or to
carry further into execution some former enter-
prise for its improvement.
In the next place, it is equally plain that this
is a public work. The United States now sub-
stantially own this improvement. It has been
made under their auspices, although in point
of form by a New York company originally.
The whole substantial interest in this improve-
ment is vested in the United States. It is a
public work, not merely in its nature as a pub-
lie improvement, but by reason of the title and
ownership of the improvemement itself. I
suggest, then, that -there can be no ground
upon which a reasonable appropriation for this
object can be resisted, unless gentlemen can
make out one of two things: eitherthat this is
a local work, and upon that ground not' prop-
erly within the jurisdiction of the United States,
or that it is an improvident outlay of money
which is proposed to us.
Now, sir, this is not a local work. If there
can be any appropriation proposed to any of
the interior lines of communication in our
country for the accommodation of commerce to
be described as national in its character, this
must be so described. It is an improvement
upon the great Ohio river. It is an improve-
ment which reaches to all, or nearly all, the
whole mass of commerce upon that great
stream. It is national; it is important in the
highest degree. The commerce concerned in
thisimprovement, which is to be accommodated
and facilitated by it, is not a little trickling
stream ; it is a great and manificent torrent
flowing from one part of the country to the
other, and bringing back a return stream.
Pour hundred million dollars of property of the
American people is to pass through this work and
to be accommodated by ityearly. The magni-
tude of the interest involved, therefore, defines
this as a public work, and a public work of the
first importance—one that by its magnitude, by
its value, appeals, if any work can appeal, to the
liberality, nay, sir, to the wisdom of Congress ;
because it is wise for us, where a case is clearly
made out, to vote a small sum of money to
some great public objects of this description.
The whole amount proposed to be appropriated
to this improvement by the United States is
one fourth of one per cent, upon the yearly
commerce which passes through this improve-
ment. It is not a large or an unreasonable
demand made by the section of country inter-
ested in this work.
Now, Mr. President, aside from all the other
reasons which exist in its favor, this appropria-
tion is necessary. If Congress shall not make
it, the large amount of money which has already
been expended iu the enlargement of those
locks will not be realized ; no use from it will
come to the American people, at least for a
considerable time. It is necessary that you
should appropriate this money in order to real-
ize the proper results of the expenditure
already made. Therefore, there is no wisdom
and no policy in delay. It will be made event-
ually, as a matter of course ; but by postponing
this appropriation of public money at this time
you delay to the country and to the people of
the country the benefit of results from the
work already done. Therefore, it will be good
policy to make the appropriation now, to get
the results of what has already been done; to
give to the large mass of commerce upon that
river those facilities which will awaken it into
active life, which will increase the aggregate
of the public wealth, and which will be felt
upon the public revenues of this Government
through all the channels and through all the
source of public taxation. The burden upon
that trade, of course, enfeebles and contracts
and oppresses it. The work is so public in its
nature and so important, that against those
obstacles it has grown of immense magnitude.
Give it these additional facilities and who can
tell what may be the amount of commerce
upon the Ohio river ? _ Who Can tell how much
of public .advantage w.illcome ultimately, even
to the public Treasury itself, from this improve-
ment?
Sir, as I said before, if this were a local ob-
ject, if it were an object of small consequence,
if it were an object which could be deferred, I
would be one of the last men to raise my voice
in its favor. I know the necessities of the
public Treasury. I know the urgency of those
demands upon the people of the country which
we are obliged to make through our revenue
system. I am reluctant always to vote the
moneys of the people upon objects that are of
questionable character or open to doubt and
debate; but this appropriation, in my judg-
ment, is mnch more important, is much wiser
and better, if you measure things by the mag-
nitude of the object, than any other appropri-
ation contained in this bill; and so far as I can
see there has been no valid objection suggested
against it.
Mr. CORBETT, Mr. President, this appro-
priation was considered with a great deal of
care by the Committee on Commerce. They
have examined it in all its bearings. But they
have been compelled to strike out agreatmany
small appropriations that would be of great
benefit to different States and localities, from
the absolute necessity of reducing the appro-
priations in this bill within a reasonable amount.
As the chairman has stated, this appropriation
amounts to about as much as the entire sum of
all the other appropriations of the bill distrib-
uted through the various States. The question
is whether we shall at this time appropriate
over $2,000,000 for this one object. The com-
mittee did not think the Treasury was iu a con-
dition to make that appropriation. But iu
another view of the case it seems to me 
Mr. DAVIS. Will my honorable friend per-
mit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. CORBETl\ Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. There is appropriated toward
completing the enlargement of the canal at
this time by the bill $450,000. Will my hon-
orable friend tell me when the next money
would have to be paid from the Treasury after
this appropriation, if the provision of the bill
as it came from the House should be retained?
Mr. CORBETT. I suppose immediately.
Mr. CHANDLER. Before the 30th of June.
Mr. CORBETT. Before the 30th of June,
before this fiscal year expires.
Mr. DAVIS. Only to pay the interest upon
the bonds. The whole of the other appropria-
tion is to the bonds. All the money that would
be required independent of this appropriation
to be applied to the work would go to the pay-
ment of the interest upon the bonds, and upon
the bonds as they fall due and become pay-
able. Only about one fourth of the bonds
become due as early as 1871,
Mr. CORBETT. I understand it exactly.
I am opposed to the Government assuming the
payment of these bonds, for the reason that
this is a canal like a railroad, to which you have
giyen aid. You promised to pay the interest
on those bonds, it is true, but there is a mort-
gage upon the work for that purpose, and the
company have got to return the money. The
Government once assisted this canal, and took
a lien upon it, and the money has been returned
to the Government. Now they have contracted
a debt of $700,000 with the express under-
standing that the Government should not be
liable in any case for it. The Government
allowed the corporation to go on and contract
this debt, but with the provision in the joint
resolution that the Government in no ease
should be liable for it. With that understand-
ing they have gone on and made this improve-
ment. Now they come and ask us to make
this appropriation, to assume the bonds, and
to allow the commerce of the Ohio river to go
through this work free. Do railroads take
freight free? No, sir. The commerce has to
pay for the improvements. But I grant that
rivers, where there are no canals, where every
kind of commerce can enter tho mouth of the
river and go up to its source, or as far as it can,
