1884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3
ject of the allegations of Mr. Brooks, of New
York, against Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts ;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
- pay of contestants.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce for consideration at the present time
a joint resolution for the payment of Cal&b S.
Hunt and J. Willis Menard.
The SPEAKEB. The joint resolution will
be read, after which the Chair will ask for objec-
tions.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides tbat the sum of $2,500 each shall be paid
to Caleb S. Hunt and J. Willis Menard, to
defray their expenses as contestants for a seat
in the House of Representatives from the State
of Louisiana, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
introduction and consideration of this joint
resolution at this time?
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will consent to
reduce the amount to $1,500 each, according
to the precedent which we have already set.
Mr. WARD. I object to the introduction
of this resolution at this time.
Mr. DAWES. Then I move to suspend the
rules, in order that I may introduce the reso-
lution and have it agreed to at this time.
The question was taken upon the motion of
Mr. Dawes ; and upon a division there were—
ayes 44, noes 17; no quorum voting.
Mr. DAWES. I move that there be a call
of the House.
Mr. BANKS. Upon that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken 5 and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 55, nays 57, not
voting 110; as follows :
YJ3AS—Messrs. Anderson, Banks, Beaman, Beatty,
Beck, Benjamin, Benton, Boyden, Broomall, Cake,
Colmrn, Cook, Dawes, Donnelly, Kjigleston, Ela,
Thomas D. Eliot, Ferriss, Fields, French, Golla-
<! iv, (m)vp, Hawkins, lluntcr. Alexander II. Jones,
'iiioLu:is L. Jones, Koontz, William Lawrence, Lin-
coln, Lynch, Maynard, McCormick, McKee, Miller,
Moore, Morrell, Muliins, Niblack, Orth, Paine,
Poland, Price, Raura, Stevens, Stokes, Taber, Tay-
lor, John Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Ward, Henry
D. Washburn, Whittemore, James F. Wilson and
Wood—55.
NAYS —Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Archer,
Dulos R. Ashley, Axtell, Baker, Bingham, Blair,
Boutwell, Brooks, Callis, Churchill, Corley, Cornell,
Dnggs, Eckley, Farnswortli, Goss, Gravely, Jrlaughey,
Higby, llolm&n. Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard,
Jenckes, Johnson. Julian, Ketcham, Kitchen, Knott,
Marvin, McCarthy, Mereur, Moorhead, Morrissey,
Nicholson, Norris, O'Neill, Perham, Peters, Plants,
Prince, Robertson, Roots, Scofield, Shanks, Shella-
bargcr, Starkweather, Sypher, Thomas, Twiohell,
Van Aornain, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump,
William B. Washburn, and Windoin— 57.
NOT VOTING— Messrs. Arnell, James M. Ashley,
Bailey, Baldwin, Barnes, Barnum, Blackburn,
Blaine. Boles, Bowen, Boyer, Bromwell, Bucklanrt,
Buckley, Burr, Benjamin P. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, Cary, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Clift, Cobb, Colfax, Covode, Cullom. Delano,
Deweese, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery, Dodge, Edwards,
Eldridge, James T. Elliott, Ferry, Fox, Garfield,
Geu, Glossbrenner, Griswold, Grover. Haight, Ilal-
sey, Hamilton, Harding, Heaton, Hill, Hopkins,
Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hub-
bard, Ilulburd, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Judd.Kelley,
Kellogg, Kelsey,Kerr,Laflin.Lash. George V.Law-
rence, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Mallory, Marshall,
McCuilough, Mungen, Myers, Newcomb, Newsham,
Nunn, Pettis, Phelps, Pierce, Pike, Pile, Polsley,
Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Ross, Sawyer, Schenck,
Selye, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Stewart, Stone,
Stover, Taffe, Tift, Lawrence S.Trimble, Van Auken,
Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, Vidal, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne, Welker, Thomas
Williams, William Williams, John T.Wilson, Ste-
phen F. Wilson, Woodbridge, Woodwaid, and
Young—110.
So the motion for a call of the House was
not agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Dawes to suspend the rules.
Mr. WOOD. Is this a joint resolution ?
' The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. WOOD,. Then it will require the con-
currence of the Senate and the approval of the
.President.
The SPEAKER, It will. «
Mr.^WOOD. I doubt very much whether
there is time to pro.cire either.
The question being taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, there were—ayes 87, noes 81.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 476) for the payment of Caleb S.
Hunt and J. Willis Menard was introduced,
and read a first and second time.
Mr. DAWES. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Broom-
all.]
Mr. BROOMALL. I desire only to say that
this is the proper way of getting at the matter,
by joint resolution, which will have the author-
ity of law. The Committee on Accounts have
no objection to this mode of payment, although
of course they reserve their individual right as
members to vote for or against the measure
as they please. Our objection was to the
House taking money out of its own contingent
fund, and then asking the committee against
their own judgment to sanction what had been
done.
Mr. DAWES. I yield for five minutes to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Ward.]
Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker, I wish to state
the facts in this case as I understand them.
Three gentlemen were claimants for a seat in
this House from one district in the State of
Louisiana. Their cases were submitted to the
Committee of Elections, who decided that no
one of them was entitled to the seat. The
committee rejected the claims of all of them.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to remind the
gentleman that one of the contestants came
here with the Governor's certificate under the
seal of the State.
Mr. WARD. All the claimants were re-
jected. The question whether these three gen-
tlemen should all be paid after their claims to the
seat had been rejected was submitted to this
House; and the House upon deliberation has
refused to pay them anything. Finally the
matter was referred to the Committee on Ac-
counts ; and that committee decided to report
in favor of paying one of these contestants.
These, as I understand, are the facts.
Mr. BENTON. You are altogether mis-
taken.
Mr. WTOOD. The gentleman is entirely
incorrect.
Mr. WARD. Now, I would like to know
upon what principle we are to pay three men
who come here demanding a seat and all of
whom have been rejected. Is it possible that
each one of these gentlemen had such claims
to the seat as justified him in making a con-
test? Is it possible that each of them could
have a prima facie right to the seat ?
It seems to me we should not be too lib-
eral with the public money. It appears to
me we should begin to redeem some of our
broken promises to the people. We have
pledged ourselves to commence a system of
economy and reform ; to retrench in every pos-
sible way ; to stop every leak in the public
Treasury. This is what we have promised the
people in our platforms, our resolutions, our
public speeches and declarations. It is about
time that we should begin somewhere, some-
how, and in some manner to stop the outrage-
ous public expenditures which are constantly
going on here. In this last night of the ses-
sions of the Fortieth Congress let us com-
mence a wholesome reform ; let us inaugurate
this work of economy. Let us admonish the
twenty-five or thirty contestants for seats in the
next Congress that if they come here claiming
seats they must come here with a reasonable
ease ; that every adventurer in the land shall
not, if he can get a few votes in his favor, come
here and make a contest, and after being re-
jected^ by the House be allowed his expenses
as an inducement to all men of the same char-
acter and under similar circumstances to do in
the future the same thing.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I desire to correct the gen-
tleman from New York in his facts. I have an
impression that when he comes to understand
the facts I shall have the aid of his powerful
voice in support of this measure.
message from tub senate
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Gorham, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed the Army appro-
priation bill, with sundry amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move, by unanimous
consent, the amendments of the Senate to the
Army appropriation bill be non-concurred in,
and that the House request a committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly ; and Mr. Garfield, Mr. Beaman,
and Mr. Dodge, were appointed as managers
of said conference on the part of the House.
pay op contestants agatn.
Mr. DAWES. Let me make a brief state-
ment of facts in this ease, and I will then leave
the matter to the House. It is true that three
gentlemen came here claiming seats, but in all
the other facts which the gentleman from New
York stated he is mistaken. These three gen-
tlemen contested two seats, one the seat of Mr.
Mann and the other two a vacancy, and they were
separately and distinctly rejected. The Com-
mittee of Elections proposed to pay them and
the House of Representatives decided that they
should be paid $2,500 each. Now, what is the
reason they have not been paid ? The resolu-
tion was submitted to the Committee on Ac-
counts and the Committee on Accounts under-
took to decide for the House where the House
had already decided for itself. The Commit-
tee on Accounts decided to pay one §2,500,
and he has got his pay and is on his way to
New Orleans. They took this poor colored
man who came here with a certificate of the
Governor of the State of Louisiana that he was
entitled to a seat here, and they said, notwith-
standing the House had decided he should have
$2,500, that he should not be treated as well
as the white man to whom they gave $2,500.
They refused this colored man the $2,500
which the House voted him, and they took
Caleb Hunt and served him in the same way.
I propose to submit a motion to the House,
whether in their opinion a man who is a black
man is to be denied the same rights that are
accorded to a white man under the same cir-
cumstances ; [laughter;] whether when a col-
ored man and a white man are voted $2,500
each that money should be given to the white
man and refused to the colored man ? [Re-
newed laughter.]
Mr. WARD. I ask that the gentleman now
yield to me.
Mr. Higby rose.
Mr. DAWES. I do not yield to anybody.
I appeal to the House that they will not be
carried away by their prejudices against color
and race. [Laughter.] I appeal to them to
do justice to the first black man who ever came
here with a certificate that he was elected to a
seat in this House. I appeal to them not to
treat him by one rule and the white man by
another. I ask the gentlemen who passed the
constitutional amendment to see that this is
not done. Mr. Speaker, it is unconstitutional
to treat him differently. [Laughter.]
Mr. WARD. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to acquit the Com-
mittee on Accounts of acting from any preju-
dice against color. It is a mistaken view of
their duty, Mr. Speaker, that has induced them
to commit this extraordinary error, and I desire
to acquit my most esteemed friend from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. BROOMALL. The gentleman from
Massachusetts knows as well as any member
of this House that I make no such distinction
betweee race and color upon which his whole
charge has been based. The committee rejected
the claims of two men, one a little whiter and
the other a little darker than the gentleman
from Massachusetts. [Laughter.] One was
a Democrat and the other a Republican, and I
