180
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
January 5,
ARTHUR M LEE.
Mr. GULLOM also introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 1573} for the relief of Arthur M. Lee;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
resumption of specie payment.
Mr. BARNES. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution :
Be it resolved by the Home of Representative*, &c..
That it is the imperative duty of this Government
to develop its resources, increase its revenue, and
retain its surplus gold, with a view to as speedy a
isetarn to specie payment as is possible; that it will
retard this purpose, disturb values, and interfere
with the revenue to contract the curreney or to fix
the day by law when specie payments shall com-
mence until natural causes have more nearly ap-
proximated the values of legal-tender notes and
gold.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I object.
imported animals for breeding purposes.
Mr. BECK introduced a bill* (H. R. No.
1575) to repeal so much of former laws as im-
pose duties on animals imported from foreign
countries for breeding purposes; which was
read a first jnd second time, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
JACOB BAUGUSIAN.
Mr. K0GNTZ introduced a bill (H. R. No.
J576) granting a pension to Jacob Baughman;
tfhich was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
ADDITIONAL BOONTr.
Mr. KOONTZ also introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. II. No. 389) giving additional bounty
under the act of 28th July, 18G6, and the sev-
eral acts amendatory thereof, to persons who
served three years and were honorably dis-
charged, notwithstanding they may have been
borne upon the rolls as slaves; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
new mail route in alabama.
Mr. CALLIS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1577) to provide for the establishment of a
mail route fromScottsboro', in Jackson county,
in the State of Alabama, to Cottonville, in
Marshall county, in the same State, and for
the establishment of certain post offices therein
named ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
united states scouts.
Mr. CALLIS also introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. K. No. 890) for the relief of loyal
citizens of Alabama who acted as United
States scouts during the late war ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Reconstruction.
personal explanation.
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent of the House to make a personal
explanation.
The SPEAKER. For what time ?
Mr. LYNCH. Perhaps five minutes.
There was no objection.
Mr. LYNCH. It is with great reluctance
that for the first time since I became a mem-
ber of this House I feel compelled to occupy
its time in the consideration of a matter per-
sonal to myself, but which at the same time
must interest, if it does not in some degree
affect, all the members of this body. 1 hold
in my hand an editorial article cut from the
Cincinnati Gazette of the 23d ultimo, headed
uAn Abuse of the Pranking Privilege," which I
send to the Clerk's desk, and ask to have read
the portions which I have marked.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Members not only frank their ownletters anddoe-
uments, but they frank the correspondence and pub-
lic, Itions of other people. They no so far even a1! to
sell their franks for money. This is a direct fraud
upon the people, and it sho^lddisfrace tho members
who practice it.
"Let us state a ease in paint: there came to the
Cincinnati po- t office yesterday five mail bags filled
with a paper called the New York Mercantile Jour-
nal, amounting in ail to about five thousand eopies.
§aoh of these papers bore the frank of John Lynch,
.C. I j'unrisfcniius to tho Congressional Directory
we find that JotW Lynch, M. C., is from Portland,
Maine. We ai.-o find that his name is not written
but stamped upon the wrappers.. Now, how did the
New York publisher come into the possession of Mr.
Lyncij's .-tamp? Did he torse the name 1 Did he
purch'aseit of Mr. Lynch ? Or how did he come to
use it? On the papers sent to this post office alone
the Hostage of which the Government has been de-
frauded amounts to $100. Probably one hundred
thousand copies of the paper were sent out alto-
gether, on wliii'h the postage would be $2,000, The
New Yck publisher could well afford to pay Mr.
Lynch ?1,000 lor tho use qf the stamp, and if Mr.
Lynch's stamp isui the niarTict he doubtless realizes
a handsome income from the sale of it.'*
Mr. LYNCH. I should, perhaps, have
passed this matter by, contenting myself with
the brief explanation made through the tele-
graph by the correspondents of the leading
newspapers of the country, had not this explan-
ation been called in question and the charge,
in substance, reiterated by the journal which
originated the libel; and had not my attention
also been attracted to an editorial article of
similar import in a paper edited by a member
of this House, (the Worcester Spy,) which
paper I also send to the Clerk, and ask that
the paragraphs which I have marked may be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"In the ease of Johs Lynch, M. C., mentioned
above, who, by the way, is a Kepresentativo tiom
Maine, the postage on tho five thousand newspapers
which were fraudulently smuggled through the post
ofiico by mesus of the fae sumle of his signature
stamped upon thera, was, of course, $100". The Now
York publisher probably evaded tho postago in the
same way on copies of his paper sent to other offices
beside Cincinnati. What proportion of his issuo went
to tho latter city cannot bo told with accuracy, but
it would probably bomuch within bounds tosay that
fifty thousand copies were sent, out altogether, the
postage on which wonlcl bo $1,000. Of coursehecould
well afford to pay Mr. Lynch half that sutn lor the
use of his stamp on this single occasion, and if Mr.
Lynch's stamp is in the market he doubtless real-
izes a hand^omo income from it.
"It may bo, and wo hope is, the ease that Mr.
Lyncii's stamp has beon counterfeited and that ho
has never authorised this use ot it. If ho has so id or
lent his stamp to this publisher, or given him author
ity to counterfeit it, he has. of courso, stolon just so
much from tho Treasury, and moms expulsion lrom
Congress lor tho lraud."
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, this gross libel
upon myself in particular, and by innuendo upon
every member of this House, it will be observed
has no otherf'oundation or excuse, save the fact
that a large quantity of newspapers were re-
ceived at the Cincinnati post office for distribu-
tion under my fac simile frank, directed by full
mime and address to certain postmasters and
business men. The attention of the editor
having been called to the matter, probably by
the postmaster or mail contractor, (the only
parties whose interests are affected by the in-
crease of mail matter, the Department incur-
ring no additional expense by the increased
quantity,) he immediately, without inquiry
into the facts, either by examining one of the
papers, or by asking me through the telegraph
whetherthefrankmgwas authorized, proceeded
to publish the article which I have had read,
calling attention to the remarkable fact that
newspapers bearing my stamped frank had
been received at the Cincinnati post office;
hinting that possibly the frank might have been
forged, but intimating very broadly that it had
probably been sold, (as that was a very com-
mon practice with members,) and that I was
realizing a large income from such sale: and
calling upon Congress to expel me. Is not
this a very gross libel to be fabricated out of
such small material—to be founded upon such
slight grounds of suspicion?
The facts in regard to this matter are briefly
these : a speech made by me in this House on
introducing some financial bills attracted the
favorable attention of the editor of the New
York Mercantile Journal, and was published in
that paper. As one of the bills is made a
special order for an early day in the present
session, and as financial questions are now
attracting much attention, I desired to give the
bills and the speech explaining and advocating
them as wide a Circulation as possible, and
franked a large number of copies of the paper
to postmasters and business men in the same
manner ami for precisely the same reason that
I had previously franked pamphlet copies of
the same speech. I presume I was influenced
by the same motives that govern members gen-
erally in circulating speeches made by them in
this House. _
The franking was done under my own per-
sonal supervision. The right of members to
frank newspapers when they please, where
they please, and to whom they please, whether
containing speeches made by themselves or
not, has been uniformly practiced, and I have
never before heard the right questioned or its
exercise characterized an abuse" by any one ;
and, as in the present case, the papers franked
contained a speech delivered by me, I not only
conformed to the uniform practice, but to the
strict letter of the law, using tbe privilege for
one of the very purposes for which it was con-
ferred.
I presume there is not a member of this
House, desirous of circulating his speech, who
would not prefer to do so through the medium
of a respectable newspaper rather than by
pamphlet if he could do so on the same terms.
1 certainly shall avail myself of this medium
whenever I choose to, so long as the law author-
izes it. The right to do so is precisely the
same as that by which a newspaper publisher
sends and receives all his exchanges free, and
also sends his paper free to subscribers withir*
the county where the same is published.
This explanation is all I should feel called
upon to make if the paper whieh first published
the libel had made a frank and honest retrac-
tion, and had not some other journals, in their
zeal to expose the abuse of the franking privi-
lege, seized upon this case, and continued to
use it as an illustration of such abuse, alter all
the facts in regard to it had been made public.
As it is, 1 desire to say this much further:
1. That/ac simile franks, as is well known,
are used by all heads of Departments aud heads
of bureaus, and very generally by members of
Congress, and members who do not use tlieia
authorize clerks to write franks for them.
2. That during the presidential campaign;
just closed the stamps of members of both
political parties were left with national, State,
and other committees here and in various
parts of the country, and used by such com-
mittees in the absence of the members to frank
political documents.
Tons of newspapers, speeches, essays, and
compilations of political matter, not one tenth
part of which was bylaw entitled to be franked
at all, were circulated through the mails free
under cover of these franks.
8. All these facts were perfectly well known
to the Cincinnati postmaster, whose office
must have received from the committee-rooms
here and distributed large quantities of such
documents; they were equally well known to
the editor of the Cincinnati Gazette, who had
received such documents lrom the congres-
sional committee-room through the mails—as
I am informed by his own order—and to every
editor who has commented unfavorably upon
my sending papers containing my own speech
under my own frank. All knew of this un-
authorized use of the franking privilege, and
knew that catupaigu papers and other docu-
ments published in their own offices were cir-
culated through the mails under it, and yet
never called attention to it as an abuse;
'1 he statement I have made shows the unfair-
ness ot the attack upon myself to whieh I have
called attention ; and here, right here, I leave
the matter without further comment.
Mr. BALDWIN. I ask unanimous consent
to make ^ a statement in regard to this matter,
which will not require five minutes.
There was no objection.
Mr. BALDWIN. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Maine, in the first place, that he
cannot suppose I am in any manner responsible
for the appearance of that article in tho Wor-
cester Spy with comments; and, in the second
place, that when thisstatement appeared in the
Cincinnati Gazette, and especially after it. was
copied into the Spy, I felt a special interest in
the matter. My knowledge of the gentleman
from Maine made it impossible for. me to believe
