182
mB mNQMmmmmjmom.
January 5,
. ,, - feejebmbn's bureau, virginia. •
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a letter1 from a committee of the
colored people of the fifth Congressional dis-
trict of Virginia, ptfaying for 'the continuance
of the Freedmen's Bureau ip that State; which
was referred to the Committee on Freedmen's
Affairs. 1
ciioctaws and ciiickasaws.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the In-
terior,- transmitting a letter from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, relative to a deficiency
in the.appropriation for the pay of commis-
sioner^, to, treat with, tke Choctaw and Chicka-
sawjhdiana; which was referred to the Com-
• mittee on Appropriations.
' ' REMOVAL OF CREEK INDIANS.
• .'The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the In-
terior, transmitting a letter from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, with inolosures, rela-
tive to the removal from the Cherokee country
of .certain Creek Indians ; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
indian medallions.
-' The SPEAKER also laid' before the House
a oommurtication frotri'the Secretary of the In-
terior, transmitting a letter from the Commis-
sioner of" Indian Affairs, submitting an estimate
of appropriations required for medallions for
distribution to Indian tribes; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
DESTITUTE KANSAS INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting a letter from the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, relative to tho des-
titute condition of Kansas tribes of Indians,
and recommending an appropriation for their
relief; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
SACS AND POXES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from- the Secretary of the
Interior, relative to certain selections of land
made by the mixed and half-bloods of the Sacs
and, Foxes under treaty stipulations; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
■ DEPARTMENT Of AGRICULTURE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Commissioner of
Agriculture, transmitting, in compliance with
Ho.use resolution of the 18th. ultimo, a report
relative to the cost of erecting the new Agri-
cultural Department buildings; which was
referred to the; Committee on Appropriations.
ltOCK-ISLAND ARSENAL BRIDGES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
relative to additional appropriations for bridges
^at Rock Island arsenal; which was referred to
"the Committee on Appropriations.
JAMES CHEW.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting the petition of James Chew, for
the removal of political disabilities, recom-
mended by the General of the Army and the
commander of the first military district; which
was referred to the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion.
.T. WILLIS MENARD.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a duplicate certificate of the election of J.
Willis Menard as a Representative from the
State of Louisiana; which was referred to the
Committee of Elections.
LAWS OF NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a copy of the laws of the Territory of New
Mexico; which was "referred to the Committee
on the Territories.
LliAVE GP^ABSENC®.' ..
Leave of absence Until the 19th ira&t&at was
granted to Mr. Pruyn. 1 "
committee on education and labor.
Mk BAKER, by unanimous consent, was
excused from further service on the Commit-
tee on Education and Labor.
franking privilege.
Mr. CARY. I rise to a personal explana-
tion for five mintites, if there be no objection.
No objection was made.
Mr. CARY. I find that the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Lynch] is not the only member
of this House who ha3 been the object of
attack by the Cincinnati Gazette. I send to
the Clerk, and ask to have read, an extract
from that paper, in which I find myself charged
with similar delinquencies.
The Clerk read as follows:
*'It is probably true that many of the stamps made
for members of Congress are duplicated, and the du-
plicates used without authority. In so far as franks
ire thus forged the frauds may be detected byrequir-
ing postmasters to report all oases of probable fraud
to the Department. In the ease of the five thousand
papers received in this city from New York it was
evident that some one had-committed a fraud.t This
might have beep detected at once by reporting the
case to Washington.
"Since public attention has been called to this
matter, frauds are likely to be exposed to such an
extent that Congressmen will exercise some caution,
for a while, at least. Here is another oa&e, in which
Hon. S. 1\ Cary is concerned:
" 'Columbus, Ohio, December 26,1868.
"1 To the Editor of tke Cincinnati Gazette:
'"Yea called public attention to no abuse of the
franking privilege recently. I inclose another sam-
ple received in this city yesterday. It comes here
covering a paper from West Chester, Pennsylvania,
and has been used for that purpose for some months
past. Perhaps my old friend, now your 'working-
man,' may have found his name worth something.
"' Herewehavoapaper published atWestChester,
Pennsylvania, circulated free through the mails under
the trunk ot '8.1\ Caby, M. 0.' Thishas beendone
regularly for some time past, our coriespondent- in-
forms us. Thus publishers are able to send their'
papers to subsciibers free of postage—a very econom-
ical way for publishers, but a fraud upon the peo-
ple.'"
Mr. CARY. I simply wish to say, Mr.
Speaker, that my genuine frank has been used
for no such purpose as that stated in this 'arti-
cle. I know of no newspaper published in
West Chester, Pennsylvania. 1 have never
given my frank to any paper published there
or elsewhere. Knowing the Gazette as well as
I do, if the article had not been copied into
respectable papers like the New York Tribune
and commented upon, I should have taken no
notice of it whatever, as I do not consider that
paper capable of slandering me where its char-
acter and my own are known. The Gazette
seems to have the franking privilege "on the
brain." I addressed a letter to the postmaster
at West Chester, Pennsylvania, inquiring aboat
this matter, and in his reply (which I hold in
my baud, but which I will not occupy time by
reading) he says that no such use of my frank
has been made at that office. 1 have no fur-
ther remarks to make upon this subject.
desertion.
Mr. NIBLACK, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolutions ; which were
read, considered, and agreed to :
Jlesolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of mak-
ing more liberal provisions by law for the removal
of the charge of desertion not of a serious or aggra-
vated character against soldiers in the late civil war,
and particularly as to the propriety of relaxing the
rule withholding bounty from otherwise meritorious
soldiers who have received honorable discharges, but
against whom charges of desertion rest.
_ Jtexvlved, also, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
relaxing the rule withholding pensions from soldiers
or their widows orb eirs on account of chareesof deser-
tion, when such soldiers have received honorable
discharges or may have lost their lives while in the
Army and in the line of their duty.
Resolved, also, That each of said committees be
instructed to report by bill or otherwise.
WAR CLAIMS Of IOWA.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The House, as the regu-
lar order, resumes the consideration of the bill
reported on the 10th of December last from
the Committee ok Military Affairs, being the
bill (H. R. No. 1491) fixing the amount found
to be due-to the State of Iowa on account of
certain claims against the United States.
The bill, which was read, recites in the pre-
amble that Congress, by an act approved July
25, 1866, directed the President to appoint a
commissioner to examine and report upon the
claims of the State of Iowa for forage, trans-
portation, subsistence, and clothing furnished
by that State to volunteers; also for repay-
ment of certain* moneys paid by the State in
raising, arming, and equipping,..paying, and
subsisting certain troops of the State during
the late rebellion; and also tke claims of the
State for certain forage procured, barracks
built and turned over to the United States;
and |hat the commissioner appointed by the
President, after examination of said claims,
has reported that there is due the State of
Iowa $229,848 23, and recommended the pay-
ment of the same. The.-bill, therefore, pro-
vides that the amount so found due to the
State of Iowa shall be -paid, to the State out of
an appropriation hereafter to be made.'.
The SPEAKER. When this bill was last
under consideration the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washburne] moved to amend by
adding the following:
Provided, That no payments sball be made until
all the accounts have been examined and approved
by the Secretary of the Treasury. '*
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
moved that the bill be referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, with instructions to
report a general bill comprehending similar
claims of all the States, and the provisions of
a substitute proposed by the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Pruyn] and accepted by his
colleague, [MivWood.] The proposed substi-
tute will be reported by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows :
Be it enajited, &e.. That the following clause be,
and the same is hereby, added to the provisions of
the act approved the 27th day of July, 1801, entitled
"An act to indemnify the States for expenses incurred
by them in defense of the United States," to wit:
"But if any such vouchers are not in the form ordi-
narily in use in the War Department, or dfr not
strictly correspond with the regulation^ now pre-
scribed by or in pursuance of law.jthe ajnount of any
such vouchers maybe allowed ana paid on such evi-
dence that they are just and correct as may he sat-
isfactory to the Secretary of the Treasury. This
act and the act hereby amended shall apply to the
city of New York, and to any costs, charges, and
expenses incurred by it for any of the objects or
purposes above mentioned."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am ap-
pealed to by members to withdraw the demand
for the previous question, and I do so, and
yield to the gentleman from Iowa to offer an
amendment.
Mr. RANDALL. In order to learn whether
a quorum is present I give notice that I shall
call for a division on the next vote.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to offer
an amendment to the instructions submitted
by the gentleman from New York, for tho rea-
son that under those instructions the Jowa
claim would be excluded. I propose to have
it included in this examination. And I wish
to say that the Iowa delegation have no dis-
position to prevent examination of this claim.
All we desire is that if we refer it to the com-
mittee they will examine it and submit a report
during this session.
I move to add to the substitute of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Pruyn] the fol-
lowing :
And also to all the claims of the State of Iowa
which were presented and passed upon by the com-
m'f'oner appointed under the,act approved July
2o, 1866.
_ That, of eoijrse, refers to claims embraced
m this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
renew the demand for the previo'us question ;
and pending that -I will yield to gentlemen to
introduce bills for reference, with the under-
standing that they £re not to be brought back
by motions to reconsider.
AMERICAS -RAILROAD IRON. ;
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced ft bill (H. R. No. 1578)* to secure the
