1134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
western rivers. What are these rivers ? Rivers
that traverse half a continent, bearing upon
their bosoms annually $400,000,000 worth of
property, and having twelve States upon their
banks. The Mississippi and its tributaries
have an inland navigation of twenty thousand
miles; the Ohio and Mississippi and those
streams which Mr. Calhoun denominated as
"inland seas,'' are entitled as national works to
appropriations from the 'Federal Government
upon the same principle as outlandseas or the
ocean.
Now, Mr. President, for the purposes of
commerce, for the advancement and promotion
of the interests of the country, for every con-
sideration which can induce Congress to appro-
priate the public money to any work for the
improvement of harbors upon the ocean or
upon the lakes, there is the same inducement
for appropriations for these western rivers. I
admit that the railroad seems about to super-
sede the river; nevertheless the latter consti-
tutes an important channel of trade, transporta-
tion, and travel, and in all time to come, and
especially in the transportation of heavy arti-
cles and commodities the river never will be
superseded by the railroad. This canal is a
link, it is a part of a river which flows from
Pittsburg clear down to the gulf, a distance
of two thousand miles. It is as much a part
of the river as though it were the river itself.
By that means you avoid the falls, you get
around the falls, and you open a channel of
transportation to one half of the people of
the United States. Now, by what rule can it
be excluded ? I ask the Senator from New
York by what rule are we to appropriate mil-
lions to the harbor of New York? I ask the
eloquent Senator from Michigan, [Mr. How-
ard,] I ask the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, by what sort of rule of justice you
would make appropriations to improve the har-
bor of Detroit and deny this improvement to
the people of Louisville, if you please, and
especially to the ten million people upon the
hanks of Mississippi and its tributaries ? In
the name of decency and common sense and
all the rules of fair reasoning, by what sort of
test do you propose to appropriate money to
improve harbors upon the lakes and upon the
ocean and deny it to the millions of people who
have settled oil the Mississippi and its tribu-
taries ? By what sort of rule do you grant land
or money to railways and deny an appropriation
for the improvement of these great thorough-
fares of the nation? " I pause for a reply," in
the language of old. There can be no reply
made to it. The same rule must apply. When-
ever our eastern friendsjor our northern friends
come and propose to put their hands into the
Treasury of the United States and take out
money 1 propose that we of the West shall
take out just so much in proportion for objects
of the same nature and for the same general
purpose.
Mr. CIIANDLER. If the Senator will par-
don me I should like to give him the informa-
tion he ealls for.
Mr. YATES.. I will give you the floor, sir;
I am through.
Mr. CHANDLER. In this very bill before
the Senate without this appropriation which
we are now discussing, there is an appropria-
tion for the Mississippi and its tributaries of
$1,755,000, or more than all the rest of the
United States put together, including the lakes,
which the Senator from Indiana thinks have
been so liberally taken care of. He says there
are towns there whose harbors have been im-
proved that he cannot find on the map. That
is very likely. There are large cities there per-
haps that he never saw, perhaps never heard
°'" K!'aoes where they were catching musk-
rats fifteen or twenty years ago have now fif-
teen or twenty .thousand inhabitants. If he
will travel he will learn where those cities are.
ut> sir, Michigan has a lake coast of more
than thirteen hundred miles in extent, an ex-
posed coast, and we have been compelled by
the demands of the commerce, not of Mich-
igan, for Michigan has less interest than any I
one of the States around the lakes to ask appro-
priations for harbors of refuge in some places
where there was no population. Every city
on the lakes, Chicago, Cleveland, Milwaukee,
Buffalo, and even Philadelphia and New York
petitioned us here seven or eight years ago to
build a harbor of refuge at Aux Bees Scies,
where I believe there was notasinglehouse, but
there was one hundred and sixty miles of coast
exposed where was the grave-yard of our com-
merce. Michigan, not for the benefit of Mich -
igan but for the benefit of the commerce of the
United States, came to this body to ask that
a harbor of refuge be built at Aux Bees Seies,
and it is built, and has been a great protec-
tion to commerce.
Sir, I am not here to ask anything for Michi-
gan. The whole amount in this bill for all these
thirteen hundred miles of coast is $200,000
aside from the St. Clair flats, and the St. Clair
flats improvement is more the work of Illinois
than it is of Michigan. Why, sir, Michigan has
three lines of railroads running from lake to
lake, every one of which comes to the Detroit
river below the St. Clair flats. Illinois has more
than twenty times the interest in the improve-
ment of the St. Clair flats that Michigan has ;
Indiana has a greater interest than Michigan
has; Wisconsin has more than ten times the
interest Michigan has, and New York has more
than ten times the interest Michigan has. Even
the New England States havea greater interest
than Michigan has in the improvement of the
St. Clair flats. Sir, we ask nothing; we are
not here as beggars. I, as chairman of the
Committee on Commerce, have endeavored to
protect the interests of commerce everywhere ;
and it is not for these gentlemen who are de-
manding appropriations for the Mississippi and
its tributaries to stand up here and denounce
the East or the West or the lakes or any other
portion of the United States. Sir, as I said
belore, the Mississippi river and its tributaries
have in this very bill which you are now about to
pass an appropriation of §1,755,000, and now
you are denouncing New York for what? We
have given New York $300,000, it is true, to
remove obstructions that ought to have been
removed years ago. But it is not for the
dwellers upon this great river and its tributa-
ries to denounce any section of the country,
for they have been nobly taken care of in this
very bill. If tliey had this appropriation
they now ask for the whole appropriation for
the Mississippi and its tributraies would be
$3,772,000.^
Mr. President, this work stands precisely as
the canal around the Falls of the St. Mary.
The Government appropriated seven hundred
and fifty; thousand acres of land, gave it to the
State of Michigan to build that canal; the
State of Michigan built the canttl around the
Falls of the St. Mary, and now operates it and
charges a toll sufficient to keep it in repair, pay
all the expenses, and make such improvements
as are required. It stands in precisely the
same light that the canal around the falls of
Louisville does. The Government furnished
aid to both works.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
from Michigan how much the State of Michigan
contributed to the improvement of the Sault
Ste. Marie, in addition to what was realized
from the sale of the lands granted to the State
of Michigan for that purpose ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Not a dollar.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I understand the
work was made entirely from the laud granted.
Mr. CHANDLER. Entirely.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then what is the use
in charging tolls on that canal to the com-
merce of the country?
Mr. CHANDLER. To pay expenses and
keep it in repair precisely as the Louisville
canal.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is just what .we
want to do here, to make this canal as free as
the other.
Mr. CHANDLER. It stands precisely now
as the Sault Ste. Marie canal does.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The State of Michigan
ought not to charge tolls on a work the Gov-
ernment of the United States has paid for.
Mr. CHANDLER. The State of Michigan
charges simply toll enough to keep the canal
in order and pay for operating it; and that is
all that has been charged on the Louisville
canal for forty years. They are in exactly the
same position. In the one case it has been
managed by five directors, the Government
having furnished the means for the building
and it having been returned. It is now con-
trolled by five directors, with power to levy
tolls enough to pay the expenses and repairs
and to keep the canal in order. It is in pre-
cisely the same situation as the Sault Ste.
Marie canal. There is no difference in any
way, manner, or shape, except that there is a
greater amount of commerce probably passing
through the Louisville canal than through the
Sault Ste. Marie canal. I suppose there are
five hundred thousand tons of iron ore passed
through the latter every year, and probably a
million or two million tons of commerce, and
the State of Michigan charges enough upon
that commerce to pay the expenses of the
canal and to keep it in repair, and it is no
expense to the Government. So as to the
Louisville canal. There is no difference be-
tween them.
One thing more. I notice that the chief
advocates of this section are men who, if I am
correctly informed, never did vote for a river
and harbor improvement of any sort, kind, or
description. Take my friend from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Cameron.] I believe he has never
been guilty of voting for a river and harbor
bill, or my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Hexd-
mcks,] and they do not promise to vote for
this ; but, they will promise to load it. Whether
they will vote for it or not I do not know, but
they never have voted for such a bill to my
knowledge, and probably never will.
Mr. CAMERON. Just at this point I wish
to correct my friend from Michigan. For the
last twenty-three years there has never been a
river and harbor bill passed when I was in the
Senate that I did not vote for it. 1 wish to
put him right on that point, for I have always
been in fa,vor of proper appropriations for
national works.
Sir, I always listen with pleasure to my elo-
quent friend from Michigan. He is eloquent.
It is rather a rough eloquence to be sure,
[laughter,] but it is eloquence. Everything
that is earnest is eloquent. But, sir, he lias;
suffered his earnestness in this case to do a
little injustice. In looking over this bill I find
a whole page filled up with appropriations for
Michigan. I find here $20,000 for the im-
provement of the harbor of St. Joseph, Mich-
igan ; $20,000 for the improvement of South
Haven harbor, Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator will par-
don me for suggesting that all those items have
been read twice. There is just $200,000 in the
bill for Michigan aside from the St. Clair flats,
1 stated the amount to a cent.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 have not read the items
yet.
Mr. CHANDLER. You can read them in
the Globe. They have been read already over
and over. I do not object to the Senator read-
ing them if he chooses. At the Des Moines
rapids you appropriated $900,000 in a single
lump, and there is not a word said.
Mr. CAMERON. Now, I hope my good
friend will allow me to read these items again,
because after reading them I shall understand
them ; I have not read them before. There is
$20,000 for the improvement of Grand Haven
harbor, Michigan. Then there is $10,000 for
Muskegon harbor, Michigan; that is a queer
name. Then there is $75,000 for White River
harbor, Michigan ; $20,000 for Pentwater har-
bor, Michigan ; $20,000 for Perc Marquette
harbor, Michigan; $20,000 for Manistee har-
bor, Michigan ; $10,000 for the harbor of Aux
Bees Scies, Michigan ; $20,000 for St. Mary's
river, Michigan ; $30,000 forSaugatuckharbor,
Michigan ; and so all the way through.
The Senator a little while ago in his argu-
