1136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
we can justify ourselves in appropriating money
for internal improvements; on no other.
Where the work cannot be done by private
enterprise, where there is no one so directly
and immediately interested as to secure the
work in that way, it may be -well in some cases
for the Government to interpose. In regard to
the improvement of harbors this principle ap-
plies particularly, because ships are protected
in these harbors, from every State, and they
are not under the immediate control of any
one person or locality. But here is an enter-
prise which, however much we may theorize
about it, has been managed by a private cor-
poration before; and undoubtedly they can
manage it much more successfully than we
shall' be able to do through any Government
agency.
That this work is entirely within the com-
pass of private enterprise is clearly estab-
lished by the fact that ithas been accomplished
by private enterprise, and therefore there is no
reason for the Government undertaking it. A
slight toll can be collected, and economically
collected by a private company having charge
of the work, and it would not be a heavy tax
jipon the ten million people who are spoken
of as being interested in it. I venture to sjy
that a fair charge in the way of tolls, honestly
collectedand appropriated to enlarge the canal,
will not be so much tax upon those ten million
people as they will have to pay toward the
work if the Government undertakes it, be-
cause if the Government undertakes it they
will have to pay their share in taxes to the Gov-
ernment, and I have no doubt that the ten
million people spoken of will find it more
expensive to them to have the Government
undertake it than to allow it to remain in pri-
vate hands. I have no doubt, from what I have
seen, that it will cost the Government-three
hundred per cent, as much as it would private
individuals to manage a canal of this kind.
Then you do not relieve those people of bur-
dens, but you simply put a part of the burden
upon others.
Mr. YATES. I wish to ask the Senator a
question. I wish to ask him what is the differ-
ence, so far as the Government is concerned,
so far as the public interests are concerned, so
far as an appropriation of money is concerned
between digging out rocks that obstruct navi
gation in harbors and removing snags or any
other barriers that obstruct navigation in rivers,
and digging a canal around an obstruction, so
as to avoid it ? The object is to promote com-
merce, to secure free interchange and travel.
That, is the object in both cases, and what is
the difference between 
Mr. STEWART. Between this and a snag?
Mr. YATES. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEWART. I will answer that ques
tion.
Mr. CRAGIN. Before the Senator answers
it. allow me to make another suggestion to him
At the last session of Congress, I think it was,
or within a year, we made an appropriation of
I think $500,000 to build a canal around the
Des Moines rapids in the Mississippi river,
and in this very bill there is an appropriation
for completing that canal.
Mr. MORTON. Of $600,000.
Mr. CRAGIN. Of $600,000, I am told.
Will the Senator show the difference between
the two eases?
Mr. STEWART. I am talking about the
Louisville canal now; and I was going to ex-
plain to my friend from Illinois the difference
between a snag and a canal. There is some
difference between pulling a snag out of a river
and buying a canal and operating it. I can
see a wide difference between the two cases.
Mr. DAVIS. Do I understand from the
honorable Senator that there is a material differ-
ence between digging a canal around the falls
of the Des Moines rapids in the Mississippi
river and digging a canal around the falls of the
Ohio river? If so, itis something likethediffei-
ence that the Irish barrister made in his objec-
tion to an indictment. Said he, " If your
honor plaze, I move as in the case of judg-
ment for a non-suit, because there is a mate-
rial difference between the indictment and the
proof. The indictment says, ' Come out of
here, Mr. McCarty,' and the proof says, 1 Mc-
Carty, come out of here.' " [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. That is to say, the Louis-
ville canal is in Kentucky, and the other is
somewhere else.
This proposition has also been compared to
the appropriations for the improvement of har-
bors on our coast. Why, sir, you levy your
duties upon the foreign commerce that is pro-
tected by those improvements, and you bring
into the Treasury from that source from one
hundred and sixty to one hundred and seventy
million dollars in gold annually. You tax
that foreign commerce. Those taxes comprise
half your revenue. The improvement of those
harbors stands on a different principle alto-
gether from such an appropriation as is here
proposed.
As I stated before, the only basis upon which
improvements for the benefit of internal com-
merce, strictly speaking, can be placed or jus-
tified is, first, that they are of national import-
ance ; second, that they are not obtainable by
private enterprise. When a case of that kind
arises, where the work is of national import-
ance and private enterprise cannot accomplish
it, and great good is to be accomplished by the
improvement, and other great expenses to be
avoided, I believe the Government should dis-
criminate in favor of such a work. But here is
a proposition different from any that I have
ever seen before—a plain, bald proposition to
buy and operate a canal; a thing to be entailed
upon the Government so long as the Ohio
river shall float toward the Gulf of Mexico ;
which will involve an annual appropriation
in your appropriation bills of five or six hun-
dred thousand dollars. You must appropriate
it. It will be said, '• It is your own property ;
you own it; you have bought it; it has got to
be free and it must be operated."
Mr. McCREERY. I ask the gentleman if
he has not just read from the bill itself that
the purpose of this appropriation of $450,000
is to complete the canal, and not to buy it ?
Mr. STEWART. To complete the canal
will take about a million and a half, in addi-
tion to the million and a half of bonds already
out, and this appropriation is to be made upon
the condition that the United States shall ac-
quire title to the property; provided these
appropriations are made—these engagements
are entered into—and the United States shall
have the extreme luxury of owning a canal
and having a canal superintendent and canal
agents and toll collectors, and a board of man-
agers, who can make out their annual bills and
send them here for annual appropriations, and
then it is to appropriate about three million
dollars.
Provided, That all title to and right in saidcanal
audits appurtenances bo reeled to and vested in the
United States, and that the Stato of Kentucky shall
relinquish all claim to tho government of the same.
The property is to be deeded. I would much
prefer to give it to the Senators from Ken-
tucky and let them manage it, and let them
take tolls enough to make a fine income annu-
ally out of it. It would be better to let them
have $50,000 a piece or $100,000 as a salary
rather than that the Government should take
charge of this work. It will take too many
officers. It is too big a thing. The Govern-
ment of the United States is not well calcu-
lated to go into private enterprises of this kind.
As this is the session of economy, as no bills
have passed or will pass appropriating large
sums of money, it seems to me that we should
stand by the Committee on Commerce, and
not, at this hour of the night, vote this amount
upon the bill. Probably, at another session,
there can be a report, and some way can be
devised, if an appropriation is to be made,
whereby there can be a proper management
of this work without having it owned and man-
aged by the Government of the United States.
Let Kentucky, or Ohio, or Indiana, manage
it. Let some of the adjoining States, who have
got an interest in it, and know all about it,
manage it. I would rather trust Kentucky than
the United States to manage this canal.
Mr. DAVIS. Suppose we take the vote
upon it now.
Mr. STEWART. There is no hurry about
it. While I talk we save the interest of the
money, at least, if we do not save anything
more. Perhaps that is as good a service as I
can do to the Government. I say at this ses-
sion of economy it does seem to me it is not the
time to make an appropriation to buy a canal
which has been operated for fifty years and
has not been bought for the Government. It
has been before Congress in various shapes
for a long while. If it was a good bargain, why
did they not buy it when the Treasury was
full? Why shall we buy it at this particular
time? Why shall we buy it when the green-
backs are so much below par? It will be in
the market hereafter undoubtedly. Nobody
is going to compete with the United States, for
no one can pay as much as the United States
can for it. There will be no trouble about
securing this work and getting a title to this
property by paying for it, if we shall at any
future time desire to do so. There have been
opportunities before to secure it, but Congress
would not take it. Why at this particular
time, after it has been striken out by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, is it so important to buy
this canal? I do not think it is so important.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I have but a
few words to say upon this subject. I am a
great admirer of wit. I think wit in its proper
place is splendid, beautiful. When I asked the
honorable Senator from Nevada what was the
difference between appropriations of the public
money to remove snags, sawyers, and rocks
out of a common highway—out of one of the
rivers of the country—and appropriations for a
canal by which those obstructions were avoided,
the Senate must have been astounded by that
splendid display of wit and that magnificent
answer of the Senator from Nevada—"was
there no difference between a snag and a canal?''
[Laughter.] It certainly was splendid; it was
magnificent. The Senator from Nevada is en-
titled to a premium for the splendor of that
reply; so witty, so exceedingly witty. I declare
upon my honor, Mr. President, I stand amazed
at the wit of that reply. [Laughter.] It was
grand; it was the sublimity of wit. It towered
in the beauty and splendor of wit in solitary
grandeur, as the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Drake] suggests.
Sir, I accept no such answers to a plain
proposition. I ask you, sir, I ask everybody,
what is the difference, so far as the principle
is concerned, so far as the test by any standard
of appropriation is concerned, between an
appropriation of public money to remove ob-
structions out of a stream or to avoid those
obstructions by going around them? No witty
response of the difference between snags and
canals will answer that question. I bring my
witty friend up to the point.
Mr. STEWART. I will come right to the
point, right to the scratch, and hope I shall
not get snagged this time. I asked if the Sen-
ator from Illinois did not see the difference
between removingasnagandbuyingandoperat-
ing a canal. If the Senator from Illinois cannot
see the difference between removing a snag and
buying and operating a canal, he cannot appre-
ciate wit; and there is no use in wasting wit on
anybody that cannot see the difference between
the two. [Laughter.] If you buy one canal,
why not buy them all?
Now, as to the removing of snags from the
rivers, that can only be justified to a limited
extent where it cannot be done by private
means. Where you are opening new rivers, it
can only be done where there are no means of
making the improvementby private enterprise.
None of these enterprises should be entered
upon by the Government where private enter-
prise will accomplish the same purpose.
_ If you are to clear out all the snags in the
rivers, and buy all the canals, and operate
everything that benefits commerce, why not
