1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1889
further consideration of this bill till ten o'clock
to-morrow morning?
The SPEAKER. It would not be while the
demand for the previous question is pending.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I give notice
that if the previous question be not seconded
[ will make that motion-
Mr. ARNELL. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to know whether ic is in order now to
move to postpone this bill indefinitely ?
The SPEAKER. That motion would not be
ill order pending the demand for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded; there
being—ayes ninety-seven, noes not counted.
Mr. SHANKS. I move that the House ad-
journuntil to-morrow morningateighto'clock.
The motion was disagreed te.
The main question was ordered.
Mr. DICKEY. I demand the yeas and nays
on concurrence in the report of the committee
of conference.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WARD. Are not two thirds necessary
to adopt that report?
The SPEAKER. A two-thirds vote is neces-
sary under the Constitution.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 61, nays 82, not voting
79 ; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Adams, Delos R. Ashley, Axtell,
Baker, Barnes, Barnuut, Beck, Blair, Boyden, Brooks,
Buckley, Burr, Callis, Dcwecsc, Doekcry, James T.
Elliott, French, Getz, Golladay, Goss. Gove, Gravely,
Grover. Haigbt, Haughey, 11 eat on, Hotchkiss, Ches-
ter D.Hubbard. Hulburd, Johnson, Thomas L.Jones,
Kerr, Ivetcham, Knott, Mallory, Marvin, McCor-
mick, Morrell, Morrissey, Mungen, Niblack, Norrls,
Phelps. Pieree, Pike, Pile, Prince, Robertson, Rob-
inson, Ross, 8it.gr caves, Smith, Stewart, Taber, Tay-
lor, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wood, and Young—61.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Beaman,
Beatty, Bingham, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland,
Benjamin F. Butler, Cako, Cary, Sidney Clarke, Chft,
Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Covode, Cullom, Dawes,
J)ickey, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Egglcston, Ela,
Thomas D. Eliot, Ferriss. Fields, Harding, Hawkins,
Higby, Hill, Hopkins, Hunter, Jenckes, Alexander
H.Jones, Judd, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kitchen,
Koontz, Lash, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge,
Maynard, McCarthy, McKee, Mereur, Miller,Moore,
Moorhead, Mullins, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pettis,
Price, Raum, Boots, Sawyer, Selye, Shanks, Sliel-
labarger. Starkweather, Stokes. Stover,Twichell,Up-
son. Van Aernam. Burt Van Horn. Robert T. Van
Horn, Ward, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn. Whittemore, William Williams, and Stephen
F. Wilson—82.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, James
M. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Benjamin, Ben-
ton, Blackburn, Blaine, Boles, Boutwell, Bowen,
Boyer,Roderick R. Butler,Chanter,Churchill,Reader
W. Clarke, Coltax, Corley, Delano, Dodge, Kekley,
Edwards, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferry, Fox, Garfield,
Glossbrenner, Griswold, Halsey, Hamilton, Holuian,
Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard,
Humphrey, Ingersoll, Julian, Latlin, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Lynch, Marshall, Mc-
Cullough, Myers, Newcomb, Newsham, Nicholson,
Nunn, O'N cill,Peters, Plants, Poland,Polsley.Pruyn,
Randall, Schenck, Scoticld. Spalding, Stevens, Stone,
Sypher, Taffe, Thomas, Tift. John Trimble, Irow-
bridge, Van Wyck.Vidal, ElihuB.Washburne, Yv el-
ker, Thomas Williams, James P. Wilson, John^T.
Wilson, Windoin, Woodbridge, and Woodward—71).
So the report of the committee was rejected.
Mr. PAINE. I move that the Senate be
asked to agree to another committee of con-
ference.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. This not having
received a two-ihiids vote, I hold that this is
the final disposition of the case.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The proper motion
is that the House insist on its disagreement and
ask for another committee of conference.
Mr. HARDING- demanded the yeas and
nays, and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill and joint resolutions.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill and joint res-
40TH CONG. 3D SESS.— NO. 119.
olutions of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 2006) to establish certain
post roads;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 327) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to remit
the duty on certain meridian circles ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 475) for the
appointment of Thomas 0. Osborn as manager
of the National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer
Soldiers.
publication of the debates.
Mr. ELA. I submit a privileged report from
the Committee on Printing.
The Clerk read as follows:
The Committee on Printing report that under the
authority vested in them by Senate joint resolution
No. 231, empowering them to provide for reporting
and publishing the debates of Congress, they have
met the Committee on Printing on the part of the
Senate, and found themselves unable to agree upon
a contract with the present publishers prior to the
5th of March, for several reasons; but especially be-
cause the committee on the part of the Senate express
themselves unable to examine prior to the 5th of
March into any proposition for a contract. It will
be seen, therefore, that without further action no
provision exists for reporting and publishing the de-
bates of Congress. We therefore recommend the
adoption of the following concurrent resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That the Con-
gressional Printer be directed to report and publish
the debates of Congress,commencing at twelve o'clock
March 4,1869, until further and definite action can be
had under the joint lesolution recently passed.
Mr. ELA. I call the previous question on
the resolution. I do not propose to take any
time myself.
Ou seconding the previous question there
were ayes eighty-five.
The main question was then ordered.
The question being put on agreeing to the
resolution, there were—ayes 87, noes 31.
Mr. BROOKS. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROOKS. Is it in order to move to
lay the resolution on the table ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BROOKS. I make that motion, and
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ROSS, (at ten o'clock and twenty-five
minutes p. m.,) moved that the House adjourn.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 33, noes 85.
Mr. ROSS demanded tellers.
message prom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, informed the House that that
body had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1808) making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department for the year ending June 30, 1870.
publication of debates aflain.
The House resumed the consideration of the
report of the Committee on Printing.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Ross and Ela.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 30, noes 84.
Mr. ROSS. Yeas and nays.
post office appropriation bill.
Mr. BEAMAN submitted the following priv-
ileged report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
hill (H. R. No. 18U8) making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending June 30,1870, having met, after full
and free conterence have agreed to recommend, anu
do recommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their first amendment.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the seeond amendment of the
Senate and agree to the same with an amendment, as
follows: strike out all of said amendment and insert
in lieu thereof "$100,000;" and tho Senate agree to
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the third amendment of the
Senate and agree to the same.
P.O. BEAMAN,
JOHN A. NICHOLSON.
Managers on the part of the Mouse.
ROSCOE CONKLING,
ALEX. RAMSEY.
GARRETT DAVIS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move the previous ques-
tion on agreeing to the report.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 81, noes 7 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. PILE. I demand the yeas and nays.
The veas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KERR. I move to lay the report on
the table.
Mr. STOVER. On that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 4, nays 12-5, not voting 93;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ames. Hotchkiss, and
Windom—t. . .
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Arnell, Axtell,
Bailey, Baker, Banks, Barnes, Barnum, Beaman,
Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Benton, Blair, Bromwell,
Brooks, Broomall, Buckland, Buckley, Burr, Cake,
Callis, Cary, Clift, Cobb, Cook, Corley. Cornell, Cul-
lom, Dawes,Dewcese, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eck-
ley, Eggleston, Thomas D.Eliot, James T. Elliott,
Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Fox, French, Getz, Golladay,
Goss, Gravely, Griswold, Grover, Haight, Harding,
Higby, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Alexander H.
Jones, Judd. Julian, Kelsey, Kerr, Kitchen, K-nott,
Koontz, Laflin, Lash. Lincoln. Logan, Loughridge,
Lynch, Mallory, Marvin. Maynard, McCarthy, Mc-
Cormick, McCullough, McKec, Mercur, Moore,
Moorhead, Morrell, Morrissey, Mullins, Mungen,
Newsham, Norris. Orth. Perham, Peters, Poland,
Price. Randall, Raum, Robinson, Roots, Ross, Saw-
yer, Selye, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stewart, Sypher, Taber, Taylor, Tift, Lawrence S.
Trimble Twichell. Upson.Van Aernam, Van Auken,
Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump,
Ward, Cadwalader C.Washburn. William B. VY asti-
linrn, Wefker, and Stephen P. Wilson—125.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Bingham, Black-
burn, Blaine, Boles, Boutwell, Bowen, Boyden,
Bover, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butier,
Chanler, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke.Sidney Clarke,
Coburn, Colfax, Covode. Delano, Dickey, Dockery,
Dodge, Edwards, Ela, Eidridge, Farnsworth, Gar-
field, Glossbrenner, Gove, Ualsey, Hamilton,
Haughey, Hawkins. Heaton. Holman, Asahel VV.
Hubbard. Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Hun-
ter, Thomas L. Jones, Kelley, Kellogg, Ketchara,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Ln„an, Mar-
shall, Miller, Myers, Newcomb. Niblack, Nicholson,
Nunn. O'Neill. Paine, Pettis, Phelps, Pierce, Pike.
Pile, Plants, Polsley, Prince, Pruyn, Robertson,
Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Shcllabarger, Sitgreaves,
Stokes, Stone. Stover, Taffe, Thomas, John Trimble,
Trowbridge, Van Wyck, Vidal, Elihu B. Washburne,
Henry D. Washburn, Whittemore, Thomas Wil-
liams William Williams, James F. Wilson, John
T. Wilson, Wood, Woodbridge, Woodward, and
Young—93.
So the House refused to lay the report upon
the table.
Mr. BEAMAN. loffertheresolutiou which
I send to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. KNOTT. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to know if there was not a motion to
adjourn pending when this report of the com-
mittee of conference came in?
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn
had been lost.
Mr. BROOKS. No, sir; the House had
divided, and the yeas and nays were called for.
The SPEAKER. The resolution of the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Bea«a\] will be
read, and then a motion to adjourn will be in
order.
Mr. BROOKS. There is a motion to ad-
journ pending, on which the yeas and nays
had been called when the privileged question
came in.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the
Chair the yeas and nays had not been ordered.
Mr. BROOKS. They were not ordered,
but they were called for. There was a division
and it was against us, and then we demanded
the yeas and nays, and pending that call a
privileged question intervened.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that
the motion was lost. It will be in order for
the gentleman trom New York to renew the
motion to adjourn after the resolution shall
: have been read. ....
Mr. BHOOKS. I appeal from the decision '
of the Chair. , . .
The question was put, "Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
House?" and there were—ayes 100, noes o ;
no quorum voting.
Mr. KELSEY. I insist that the rule shall
be enforced, and that gentlemen who are iri
their seats shall vote. _
