1.869,
THE GO-NTGRG1S&I0&&L- GkQfll;
boy ail itlie raib-oads beeause they banefit com-
merce ? . Tfee argument of the Senator from
Illinois is that as this, canal benefits commerce,
therefore you must make this appropriation to
bay the work. Everything that benefits com-
merce Congress must manage and own. That
is.all there is in the argument; all the sense
there-is in it.
Here is a work tliat has been managed for
fifty years by private enterpriser it has beea
demonstrated thai, it can be: so done; and here,
at. ten, o'cloek at night, we are ealled upon,
against the report of the committee, to appro-
priate $3,000,000 to buy this work, and in-
volve the Government in the expenditure of
from five to ten million dollars more, and in
the further expenditure of operating this canal
through time.; and it is asked what is the dif-
ference between this and hauling a snag out
of a river; and it is said, because I intimated
that there was a difference between buying
canals and removing an occasional snag, that
I attempted wit. I did not attempt wit.
[Laughter.] , ,
'Mr. DRA.KE. If the honorable. Senator will
allow me to make a suggestions—~ * .
• Mr". STEWART. I cannot he interrupted
by a third partj' while. I am. having this little
chat with my friend from Illinois.
Mr. DRAKE. I simply wished to make a
suggestion.
Mr. STEWART. The difference between
my -friend's suggestion a,nd a snag may not
be so obvious, for he is a very snaggy fellow.
Biltthe idea of charging me with attempting
wit!. I never attempted anything of that kind in
my life, and never expect to do so. [Laughter.]
But I would advise my friend fr<Jm Illinois
ijever to set himself up as a judge of wit until
he knows the difference between buying a canal
and removing a snag. [Laughter.]
The mere statement of this proposition shows
the absurdity of it. First, you are going to
build and then buy the canal. The first part
of the proposition is to appropriate $480,000
tpward building it, and then you are to pay all
its debts and- complete it, and then buy it and
operate it free; and we are told that is like
pulling a snag out of a river where it cannot
be done by private enterprise.'
1 Mr. MORTON, Will the Senator allow me
to make one statement? The Government now
has all the stock in this canal but $500. The
Canal is in debt in the form of bonds for im-
provement on the branch canal about one mil-
lion five hundred thousand dollars. The ques-
tion is not whether we shall buy the canal, but
whether this debt shall be paid by the Govern-
ment, as it ought to have been in the first place,
«r shall be levied upon the commerce of the
Ohio river? That is the whole question.
•" Mr. HOWARt). Let me ask the honorable
Senator from Indiana one question, whether
the Government acts as one of the stockhold-
ers in ihe corporation at the present time?
Mr. MORTON. No,-sir. It is in a very
anomalous condition. The Government owns
all the stock but five shares, and yet five men,
who have but one share apiece, have charge
of the work.
Mr. HOWARD. That ig a very singular
state of things.
Mr. MORTON. I think it is.
Mr. HOWARD. It is singular that the real
stockholder, the Government, has nothing to
say in tlia.management of the corporation.
Mr. MORTON. That is the fact precisely.
• Mr. SHERMAN. Because the United States
refused to take it.
Mr. STEWART. That is another snag. We
find a great many snags when we come to
examine this river. •
Now, it is stated that the .Government of the
United States owns all the stock in the canal
company, but has hitherto refused to have the
canal deeded to it., I think that has been very
sensible. I think if we follow the example of
fifty years past, and refuse to take the title to
this property, we shall do a very wise thing. It
will bea-very dangerous precedent,.if wa ap-
propriate five or t&n million dollars to bay this
40th Costa. 3d Skss.—No. 72.
canal. When it is ascertained that the Gov-,
eminent of-the United States is engaged- i«C
the business oft buying canals ewery imm who
has a cajial that he djoes net want to operate
himself will try to sell ii, to the Government.
That is the very reason why the Government
of the United States, while it owned this work
years ago, would not take the title to it. Now,
it is shown that the work is a success, and that
plenty of money ean be realized by a very light
tax to complete it. There is no necessity for
the Government to take it in charge. It has
been making money, and can make money if it
is allowed to be managed by these private par-
ties ; and there is no doubt that it can build
this branch.
It seems to me that we ought not, at this
session of great economy, when we hear every
day that General Grant is opposed -to appro-
priating money for any purpose, to adopt a
proposition of this sort. We hear every day
of the opposition of General Grant to any
kind of appropriation. That would- not influ-
ence my vote very much. If I thought it was
proper to enter on the business of buying a
canal I should do it on my own judgment, and
not on that o£ anybody else. But when we
hear so much ahout the absolute necessity of
economy, and that the Government is on the
eve of bankruptcy, it seems to me it is not a
very good time to do a thing that Congress has
refused to do for the last fifty years.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think it is very
clear that it is not the interest of this Govern-
ment to make this bargain. Here is a canal
that is in debt $1,507,000. We do not owe
the money. The work is there. The public
have the benefit of it, and we do not owe that
money. The first thing that we are to do by
this section of the bill is to assume that in-
debtedness of $1,567,000—more than a million
and a half of money. Then the next thing
we are to do is to pay $450,000 on the work,
appropriated by this bill. Then we are to pay,
in order to complete the work even partially,
$900,000 more, making $2,917,000—nearly
three million dollars. That is not the worst
of it. After we have done that, the Govern-
ment undertakes to run and regulate a public
work. This Government tried that once. It
tried it in reference to the Cumberland road,
and it was very happy, after all the money that
was paid out of the public Treasury, to cede
that road to each of the States that it ran
through; and so it would be very happy; after
it had paid these $3,000,000 unnecessarily, to
get rid of the purchase which it now contem-
plates making. At all events, Mr. President,
it is very clear that against the report of the
committee, at this period of the session, this
Government ought not to inaugurate a new
system of taking control, running, and regu-
lating the public works of this country..
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I had
not expected to say anything on this question ;
but the suggestions that have been made by
the Senator from New Jersey and the Senator
from Nevada induce me to make a very few
remarks. I am not surprised at the position
of the Senator from Nevada. He represents
a very interesting constituency—a constituency
of twenty-five thousand, perhaps. I believe he
was not satisfied the other day when I stated
it so high. Representing a constituency of that
size he is not satisfied that the great interest
along the Ohio river shall be accommodated
by an improvement in accordance with the
general policy of the Government.
While the Senator from Nevada was discuss-
ing this question with so much logic, I recol-
lected that it is only about two sessions since
that he asked in this body a grant of alternate
sections of the public lands for a railroad
through the mountains and wilderness of his
country of about three hundred miles in length.
That would take public lands from the people
which would realize a treasure to the people
worth about eighteen million dollars. And
that was for Nevada, with her population full
twenty-five thousand. I suppose, and all of
her productions got together every Saturday
wouldperlinpslfta.d^onejcar-, [Laughte^..]: That
is. all 'right that he ebaM-take,-five tim-e%tfe-
amaunfc of public property to biiM thtvt raiK
road, when lis eaiinot load aim team,, after
feeding the-population that is tiwreT; an Satur-
day of every week. It is all .rrghi? ikai I,hat-
shall be ; but all wrong that we. shall h&vti an
improvement for the benefit of the contra erca
of the country in a national point of .view... . *,
Ay, and itisonly a week since,! believe,, that
he participated in and &yored the report of -
the omnibus railroad bill. I believe that'bill
proposes that the Government of the United
States shall not make an appropriation direct,
but shall become a partner in the construction
of divers railroads out into, the wilderness in
that region of the country, in many parts where
there are no people yet. I do not .propose to
discuss the merits of that measurer, bat he pro-
poses that the Government of the Unit®! States
shall assume a new relation toward railroad
corporations, the relation, of guarantor. He
prefers that relation to the, relation a£ pur-
chaser—a peculiar relation—and $140,000,000
is nothing then when there is nothing to ship
yet, all looking into the future. That great
country in the nortli, and that other country
down toward Santa Fe, may yet be developed
and furnish the products that will load the
trains of cars ; but that development is yet to
come, while the development upon the borders
of the Ohio, upon her tributaries, and in Penn-
sylvania haye been carried on far toward com-
pletion.
The Senator from New Jersey is satisfied that
we shall make an appropriation to take an
obstruction from the mouth of the harbor at
New York. New Jersey with her railroads,
that tax all the people that cross the State,
will load her trains and send her products to
the city of New York; and New Jersey is not
satisfied that any of her products when they
reach the harbor of New York shall be taxed,
on their way to a foreign market. She .de-
mands that when they get off her taxing sys-
tem of railroads they shall go free out into the
ocean; that we, in Indiana, shall help to dig the
obstructions from the mouth of that harbor, so
that New Jersey may send her products with-
out charge; but when we ask that the balesof
hay that go from the borders of Indiana down
the Ohio river to a southern market shall not,
each bale, be taxed on its way upon a publie
highway, a river that has been declared by
Congress itself to "be a public highway and to
remain such forever, the Senator is not willing
that New Jersey shall help to remove that ob-
struction from the highway that is. of so much
importance to us. So Nevada, will have her
eighteen millions of land to huild a railroad,
without anything to load the cars;and the
Senator from New Jersey will have a free har-
bor at New York, and we shall, help to digit
out if it is not deep enough, so that his prod-
ucts may go out untaxed and unburdened.
But when we want this national highway of
the West, that washes many States, that -fur-
nishes a mode of transportation for the great
State of Pennsylvania, with her enormous
wealth, he is not willing that New Jersey shall
help in that work: but that Louisville and In-
diana and Pennsylvania, so far _as they con-
tribute to the commerce of that river, shall do
it all alone. _ _
Sir, there is no legal question involved in this
proposition. At one time it was a question o£
debate in the Congress of the Lnited States
whether the rivers might be properly improved
according to our principles ot government;
whether they were national in their character.
That doubt was entertained at a time that the
Supreme Courtheld that admiralty jurisdiction
did not extend upon these rivers; but the great
decisionby Chief Justice Taney has settled that
question forever. The Oliio river is one of the
navigable streams under the jurisdiction of the
Govern ment of the Un ited States, falling within
her judicial jurisdiction, as I think it falls
within her power to regulate the commerce
between the States.
So, sir, there is no question of law or polit-
