1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL0BE.
187
depot by water, as well as supplied at the
various points of* intersection of the navigable
rivers on its line.
its agricultural and mineral itesoubces.
Tbfc agricultural resources and mineral
wealth of the country along the line of this
road are not surpassed, if they are equaled,
by any other part of the public domain. John
Wilson, Third Auditor of the Treasury, and
late Commissioner of the General Land Office,
an eminent authority on all questions apper-
taining to the topography and resources of the
country, says:
"The lands along the Northern are all fit for cul-
tivation, and consequently the local business will
support the road. Id fact it is one of the most
beautiful sections of country in the world, and you
travel comparatively a short distance west from St.
Paul till you feel the iniiuence of the Paciiic winds
and strike the isothermal line of southern Illinois,
and where cattle can pasture the whole year. The
mineral wealth along the Northern is almost incal-
culable."
Governor Isaac I. Stevens, who surveyed
the entire route, and spent several years in
exploring the country contiguous to it, says :
"In the whole distance from Breckenridge to
Sonttle, a distance of fifteen hundred and forty-four
miles, the route passes through only about three
hundred and twenty miles of uncultivated country.
Bast of Breckenridge to St. Paul and Lake Superior
the country is exceedingly rich and inviting to the
settler."
Lewis and Clarke, under date of May 17,
1805, and while encamped onthe Rocky mount-
ains, state in their journal:
"The country along the Rocky mountains, for
several hundred miles m length and about fifty wide,
is a high level plaint in alt its parts extremely fer-
tile. This plain is chiefly interrupted near the
streams of water, where the hills aro steep and lofty,
but the soii is good. Nearly the whole of this wide-
spread tract is covered with a profusion of grass and
plants, which are at this time as high as the knees."
Grass and plants as high as the knees on the
17th of May! Gentlemen from New England
and the northern parts of the Middle States
will please note this date. But the agricul-
tural character of the northern part of our terri-
tory is-so well known that it is unnecessary to
adduce further evidence. There is, however,
upon our northern border, a vast territory ca-
pable of making eight States the size of New
York, the whole of which would be tributary
to this road, about which there is less general
information, and to which I may briefly refer.
The English explorer, Hind, writes of this
country:
" Of the valley of the Red river I find it impossi-
ble to speak in any other terms than those which
may express astonishment and admiration. I en-
tirely concur in the brief but expressive description
given to me by an English settler on the Assinaboine,
that the valley of the lied river, including a largo
portion belonging to its great affluents, is a paradise
of fertility/' * * * * Tho Saskat-
chawan, which gathers its waters from a country
greHter in extent than the vast region drained by the
St. "Lawrence and all its tributaries from Lake Supe-
rior to the Gulf, is navigable by either the north or
south branch for more than a thousand miles of
its course. So mild is tho climate on the south branch
of this ^river (two hundred miles north of the line
of this road) that the Indians hunt the bufi'alo on
horseback all winter, and so little snow is said to fall
that snow-shoes are seldom used. That this exten-
sive territory drained by the Saskatchewan and its
tributaries is fit fur settlement, in as far as regards
climate, is fully proved by the success which attends
tho farming operations which are carried on, though
on a small scale, at the various trading posts, and by
the fact that cattle and horses at these establishments
arc generally left to forage for themselves during the
winter. As regards the soil, from what is yet known
of the country there is not, perhaps, on the globe
so great an extent of country so little brokenby bar-
ren tracts. Regarding the territory in its general
aspect there is not in the universe a finer field for
colonization. It has a salubrious climate, and the
soil in many places, a3 at Red river, is unsurpassed
for fertility. Iron ore, lead, and salt are to be found
in abundance, and the whole territory, from Lake
Winnipeg to the base of the Rocky mountains, is
intcrsccted by navigable rivers and lakes."
He mentions some specimens of farming on
the Assinaboine river, and says that one
farmer had u grown fifty-six measured bushels
of wheat to the acre. Forty bushels to the
acre is a common return on new land. His tur-
nips were magnificent; four of them weighed
seventy-two pounds. A portion of thepotato
crop was still in the ground. They far sur-
passed in quantity, quality, and size any I had
ever seen before. I counted thirteen, fourteen,
and sixteen potatoes, averaging three and a
half inches in diameter, at each root." "In-
dian corn, if properly cultivated, and an early
variety selected, may always be relied on.
The melon grows with the utmost luxuriance
without any artificial aid, and ripens perfectly
before the end of August."
This fertile district, which is destined at no dis-
tant day to be the wheat granary of the world,
contains an area of about four hundred thou-
sand square miles, the whole of which will be
tributary to the Northern road, as will readily
appear upon an examination of the map of that
region. The revenues of the road will not
only be immensely increased by the commerce
of that great country, but its construction
within our own territory will prevent any
attempt to build one by the British Govern-
ment, and will guaranty the speedy annexa-
tion of British Columbia to the United States
without conquest or purchase.
Returning to an investigation of the mineral
wealth of the States and Territories on the
Northern road, I find it stated by the mining
commissioners of tho Treasury Department.
J. Ross Browne and J. W. Taylor, that the
product of gold and silver for the year 1867
was as follows :
Montana     $12,000,000
Idaho    6,500,000
Washington  1,000,000
Oregon  2,000,000
$21,500,000
It will be remembered that the Delegates
from Montana and Idaho protested from their
places on this floor against the order to print
J. lioss Browne's report on the ground of the
injustice alleged to have been done their Ter-
ritories by the great undervaluation of the
product of gold and silver. The entire prod-
uct of the precious metals in Oregon and the
said Territories since 1862 is estimated as
follows:
Montana  $65,000,000
Idaho  45,000,000
"Washington  10,000,000 ,
Oregon  20,000,000 \
 i
suo.ono.nno
All this has been done at enormous cost and
great disadvantage. Mining in Montana and
Idaho has hardly begun. They are doubtless
immensely rich in minerals, but so long as it
costs $600 per ton to transport mining ma-
chinery there we may not expect a thorough
development of this wealth.
But notwithstanding all these advantages of
distance, gradients, climate, soil, water com-
munications, and mineral wealth, the question
still remains, "Is it safe, expedient, and neces-
sary for Congress to grant the proposed loan of
national credit at this time?"
is it safjs ?
It is, aud for these reasons: the bill provides
that the issue of Government bonds shall ipso
facto constitute a mortgage upon the road and
all its appurtenances ; and upon the failure or
refusal of the company to pay the interest, or
to redeem the bonds or any portion of them
when due, the Secretary of the Treasury is to
be authorized to take possession of the road,
with all the rights, functions, immunities, and
appurtenances thereto belonging, and also all
the lands granted to said company which at the
time of such default shall remain in their own-
ership, and hold the same for the full indemnity
of the United States. The Secretary of the
Treasury is also required by the Paciiic railroad
law to retain one half of the compensation for
services rendered by the road as a fund for the
redemption of the principal of the bonds, and
also, as an additional sinking fund, five per cent,
on the net earnings of the road. It can be
shown conclusively that if the Government
should actually donate the entire amount of
bonds asked for, and thereby secure the con-
struction of the road, it would be a most
profitable investment for the UnitedStates ; but
fortunately the Pacific roads already partially
built demonstrate the fact that the Government
will neyer be called upon to pay one dollar for
them.
The President of the Kansas Pacific road
states officially that—
" The Government is receiving directly into its
Treasury from ihat company more than the interest
on ail the bonds issued to it, added to a sinking fund
that will extinguish the principal at maturity. This
is altogether irrespective of tho economy arising from
the substitution of rail for wagon-road in the trans-
portation of mails, troops, and supplies for the Gov-
ernment."
The Committee on Military Affairs of this
House, to whom was referred the letter of
Lieutenant General Sherman, dated March 4,
1868, recommending Government aid to extend
the Kansas Pacific road, as a " military neces-
sity" and a measure of public economy, re-
ported the following facts and conclusions
drawn from official records :
The cost to the Government for transportation onthe
Union Paciiic Railway, Eastern Division, in 1867,
was   $511,908 24
If the military supplies had been wag-
oned, and the mails carried by stage,
and the troops marched, (taking tho
averago rates at which the Government
made its transportation contracts for
thntycar, as shown by certificates of tho
depurtmentsof the Quartermaster Gen-
eral and Postmaster General,) the cost
would have been 1,358,291 02
Saving to the Government in 1867  $846,382 78
"At this rate of saving," say the committee,
" all the United States bonds issued in aid of
this road, principal and interest, would be
extinguished in less than four years."
It appears, therefore, by this report and
from official records, that from the first year's
actual business of this unfinished road—its
average length being only two hundred and one
miles—the company have paid all the interest
due on the United States bonds Issued to aid
it; that they have deposited the necessary sink-
ing fund, and that, in addition, it has saved to
the Government in a single year over twenty-
five per cent, on the entire amount of aid it has
x-eceived. It should be borne in mind, also,
that this saving will be much greater when tho
road shall be completed, and that it will not be
for a single year, but for all time.
Equally favorable results have been produced
by the Union Pacific road, as will appear from
the following statement, compiled from the
official records of the Quartermaster General's
office. In 1866 wagon transportation over the
route now occupied by this road cost an average
of 28.4 cents per ton per mile; in 1867, an
average of 39.4 cents per ton per mile ; while
for the season from January 1,1868, to March
31, of the same year, the lowest contract that
could be obtained was fifty cents per ton per
mile. The cost of Government transportation
over this road is 10.5 cents per ton per mile.
The amount paid by the Quartermaster General
to this railroad in 1867, for Government trans-
portation, was $699,698 81. Had this same
freight been transported by wagons at the con-
tract price for that year, 89.4 cents, the cost
would have been $2,625,536 41. So that the
money actually saved to the Government in one
year, with the road in operation an average
distance of only three hundred and eighty-six
miles, was $1,825,837 60. This is the actual
profit to the Government, for the company has
paid into the United States Treasury the fall
amount of interest due on the bonds receiyed,
and also the percentage of sinking fund required
by law.
The Central Pacific, lam informed, presents
an equally good balance sheet as between the
company and the Government, but I have not
the official figures at hand. It appears, there-
fore, that from two of these roads, having an
aggregate of only live hundred and eighty-seven
miles completed, the Government received a
net profit of $2,772,140 42 in one year. The
saving made by the Central Pacific will doubt-
less swell this aggregate net profit to the sum
of $3,500,000 for 1807, making an actual net
profit large enough to pay in five years the
entire amount of Government bonds loaned for
the construction of these portions of said roaas.
The business necessity for all those roads is
