1140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
Invalid tensions by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Millbb,] who called the pre-
vious question upon it; and pending the
demand for the previous question the House
adjourned. The matter now comes up as the
unfinished business^
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that for the present Congress, commenc-
ing therewith, the Clerk be directed to_ pay to
the clerk of the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions the difference between his present pay and
that of the clerks of the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands and the Committee of Claitas.
Mr. MILLER. I withdraw for the present
the demand for the previous question. If the
House will give me its attention I will state
the nature of the case in a very few minutes.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to inquire whether
. this resolution comeS from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions of the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions?
Mr. MILLER. It comes from the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions. I supposed the gen-
tleman understood that.
I have been instructed by the Committee on
Invalid Pensions to report this joint resolution
and ask its passage by thfe House. The clerk
of this conimittee, as is Well known, is a very
competent maii tad oiiewhci has done, perhaps,
as much work as any other clerk connected
with this House. I ask attention to a state-
ment showing ho# much the business of this
committee has increased during the present
Congress. In the Thirty-Seventh Congress
there were before this committee one hundred
and sixty-four cases; in the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress, one hundred and sixty-eight cases; in
the Thirty-Ninth Congress, four hundred and
seventy-two cases; in the Fortieth Congress,
one thousand and twenty-two cases. This large
amount of business requires the constant at-
tention of the clerk, who is working not only
daily, but often at night. In many cases he has
been required by the committee to go to the
Pension Bureau and the Adjutant General's
office to look up reports and other papers.
Members of this House from every section of
the country have urged this committee to act
upon the cases in which they were interested;
and hence we have kept this clerk constantly
at work, both day and night, in order that these
cases might be acted on.
I will state further that many cases which
have received the attention of the committee
have not come before the House for its action,
because upon examination by the committee
and from papers collected by our clerk it was
found that there were at the Pension Office
technical objections which might be removed.
By explanations made at the Pension Office
favorable action has been obtained upon many
cases which had been rejected by that office on
merely technical grounds. In view of such
services as this, we say that the clerk of this
committee has done more work, perhaps, than
the clerk of any other committee of the House.
We do not ask that, the rate of pay proposed
in the resolution shall be established as the
permanent salary of this clerk; the resolution
simply provides that during the Fortieth Con-
gress he shall receive the same pay as the clerk
of the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. BROOMALL. What is that?
Mr. MILLER. I will refer to that point
before I get through.
We find, by referring to the statutes, that the
clerk of the Committee on Appropriations dur-
ing the Thirty-Ninth Congress-received $2,592
per annum, and the clerk of the Committee on
the Public Lands $2,160, of which my friend
from Tennessee [Mr. Mayjiard] is an honor-
able member. During the Fortieth Congress
the same amount was allowed.
. MA'YNARD. I protest against the
implication that there are members on that
committee who are not honorable.
Mr. MILLER. They are all honorable, but
the gentleman is more so than any other. I
find that during the Fortieth Congress the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands had five hundred
caSesbefore them, and the Committee of Claims
foiir hundred arid geventy'-tWOj while the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions h&d ten hundred
and twenty-two cases. Still, all I ask is that the
clerk of the Committee on Invalid Pensions
shall be put upon the satoe footing in rtegard
to jDay as the elerkg of the' Committers of
Claims and on the Public Lands. It is only fight
and proper that it "should be so'. I arii aware
that there is a general feeling agairis'fc making
permanent clerks. In this case we do not ask
that shall be done. We only ask that this man
who has d'onfe this work for this House shall
be placed during the Fortieth Congress upon
the same footing aS the clerk of the Commit-
tee of Claims. During the session he only
draws about seven hundred dollars, and this
will only make a difference of about fourteen
hundred dollars. We do not propose that this
shall be a permanent clerk, but only that this
shall be his stated Salary during the time he
has so much business to do. The Committee
on Invalid Pensions only ask that he shall have
this much pay when he has had so much to do.
Now, sir, it is well known that there is no
committee that works as hard as this commit-
tee^ It has business frotti every part of the
United States. It attends to the claims of our
soldiers who have been wounded in battle, and
the'widows and orphans of those who have
fallen, arid provides that they shall get what is
due to therti. And shall riot this young nian
who has discharged this onerous duty be paid
at the same rate as the clerks of the Commit-
tee of Claims arid the Committee on the Public
Lands ? We have been told on high authority
that the laborer is worthy of his hire. I hope
the resolution will be passed so this worthy
young man shall have what is his due. It may
be said that there are other clerks of commit-
tees whose pay ought to be raised. I say let
each committee report the facts to the Hoiise.
We have laid the facts in this Case before the
House. I am sure they ought to be satisfactory,
and I hope the resolution Will be passed. It
may be asked why the case was presented last
night when there was not a full Hous6. It was
the only time we had when we could report this
case. Besides, we knew that some one would
object and that the resolution would go over
until this morning, when there would be a full
House. It is now before us, and I hope it will
be passed. It only does justice to this young
man. I now yield to my colleague on the com-
mittee from Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin.]
Mr. ROSS. How much increase does this
resolution provide?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will answer. Mr.
Speaker, it is well known to this House that I
have opposed, as I expect to continue to op-
pose, all propositions brought here for the
increase of salaries ; and it must be an extraor-
dinary case that would induce me to depart
from that rule. In ray judgment this is an
extraordinary case. Figures have been pre-
sented by my colleague on the committee from
which it appears that during the last two Con-
gresses the business of this committee has
increased fourfold, and that during the pres-
ent Congress more propositions have been
before it than before any other committee.
Now, the law gives this clerk $4 80 per day.
For the present session his gross pay will be
less than five hundred dollars—only about
four hundred and fifty dollars. Every gentle-
man in the House knows that is harely suffi-
cient to pay the expenses of living in Wash-
ington, if it is sufficient. I am not prepared to
say how much this increase will be. I am not
prepared to say that I am willing to increase it
to the extent proposed. I understand the clerk
of the Committee on the Public Lands receives
$2,160. Perhaps that is too large an increase.
I am inclined to think that it is. If the House
shall think so, it can be amended. But certainly
the House should make some inquiries in this
case. Four hundred and fifty dollars to a
clerk of a committee for one year, and that
committee having a larger amount' of business
than any in this House, is certainly a lower
salary thaii a party doing such work ought to
be paid. As has been said by the gentleman
froth Pennsylvania, we do rfot, propose to rflake
thife permanent. Letthe Forty-First Congress
fix the pay of their Klerks to suit itself; but I
do insist that the pay Of this clerk be increased
to some exteht for th^ present Congress.
Mr. MAYNARD. Tell us-exactly what the
present pay is.
' Mr. BENJAMIN. Four dollars and eighty
C^nts a day.
Mr. MAYNARD. That includes every day
of the calendar, Sundays and all.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It includes, according to
th6 ruling of the Department, all days. But
the geiltleman is aWare that the present session
of Congress is less than ninety days, so that the
whole amount for the session will be less than
$450. ' '
Mh MAYNARD. For three months' Work.
Mr. BENJAMIN. For thrtee months' work,
but  - '
Mr. MAYNARD. At the rate of sixteen or
seventeen hundred dollars a year'.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This clerk, as the gen-
tleman knows, has to make his trip from his
home here. He gets no pay during the recess.
He has, of course, to leave his business, and to
pay the ordinary expenses here. It is virtually
the pay of a year's salary at $45Q.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is proposed now to
pay him $2,160.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I believe the resolution
provides that the pay shall be the same that
the clerk of the Committee on the Public Lands
receives.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman say
how much the highest clerk in a Department
gets a year ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I believe it is $1,800. •
Mr. MAYNARD. And for three months'
service you riropose to give this man $2,160.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I suggest to the geutlo-
itaan from Pen-iJSylvania to modify the resolu-
tion by making the pay that of a second or
third class clerk. My own impression is that
$2,160 is too much for a clerk of any commit-
tee of the House. I myself Would prefer to
reduce the salary of these permanent clerks.
Mr. MILLER. What does my colleague
propose ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I propose to make the
pay equal to the Salary of a stecond-elass clerk,
$1,400. And then, I ask gentlemen who have
clamored here so longforan increase Of twenty
per cent, upon the pay of all th6 clerks in the
Departments how they can reconcile that with
the vote to keep the pay of this clerk down to
less than four hundred and fifty dollars ?
_ Mr. BROOMALL. I ask my colleague to
yield to me a few minutes.
Mr. MILLER. I yield five minutes.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, I think it
very likely that an increase of pay should be
allowed to the clerk of this committee, but I
object to an increase of three hundred per
cent, without more consideration than the
House is likely to give to such a question. I
will also state that there are other committees
of the House whose clerks labor as hard as
this one, because, as is well known to every
gentleman here, the committees are divided
into ornamental and useful, and the clerks of
the useful committees generally are busily em-
ployed and working the whole time. Now, to
take this case up singly in this way and without
consideration, except by committees that stand
in a very peculiar relation, to say the least
of it, to this young man—to take this case out
from the rest of them and act upon it, it seems
to me, is doing great injustice to the clerks of
the other laboring committees. I would sug-
gest to my colleague, therefore, as the com-
mittee do not seem to be agreed upon the ques-
tion whether they shall double or triple the
cotnpensation after refusing to add twenty per
cent, to the pay of the laborers in the Depart-
ments, that we suffer this resolution to go to
some committee with instructions to ascertain
what clerks of committees have really labored
