1869.
mn CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-1-1#
and actually earned wore than their preset
compensation, with leave to tte committee to
report at any time a bill or joint resolution
doing justice to all these parties. It seems to
me that with the present demand for economy
on the part of the country a proposition to in-
crease the pay of a single employ^ three hun-
dred per cent, is rather a monstrous one, and
I, for one, cannot vote for it. But .why not
let tTj.e cases of other meritorious clerks be
examined into ? If the geijtjaman will permit
)jie to do it I will move to refer the resolution
to' any committee that he may name, with
instructions to examine into all the cases of
laboring clerks and do equity and justice in
regard to all of them. If he does not do that,
I hope the House will vote down the previous
question, and let me make the motion.
Mr. CULLOH. I desire to know whether,
upder the law as it now stands, this clerk is or
is uot getting just as much pay as any clerk of
a committee excepting one or two ?
Mr. BROOMALL. That is the case, as I
understand it.
Mr. CULLOM. §0 I understand; and the
only reason for proposing this increase is that
he has done more work than some others.
Mr. BROOMALL. Exactly so; and there
are others who have done more work than this
one has.
Mr. MILLER. I would ask my colleague
if the clerk of the committee of which he is
chairman does not get pay during the vacation ?
Mr. BROOMALL. The clerk of the Com-
mittee on Accounts gets pay only during the
time that he is actually employed, and he works
from morning till night in the service of the
committee, and gets no time to send documents
away for its chairman; and more than that, he
works Sundays as well as other days in the ser-
vice of the committee, and has to do it to keep
up the business of the committee.
Mr. MULLINS. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman one question. The gentleman is on the
Committee on Eevolutionary Pensions and of
the War of 1812, and I will ask him to state what
the clerk of that committee is getting, or whether
we have one or not, and whether we want one
at this extravagant price ?
Mr. MILLER. I believe the gentleman acts
as clerk of that committee himself, and that is
sufficient.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I would ask
the gentleman how often this proposition has
been presented to the House and voted down?
Mr. MILLER. This is only the second time,
I believe.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. It has only
been twice voted down!
Mr. MILLER. No, not twice voted down.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentle-
man how much money this resolution, if it
passed in its present form, would give to this
young man more than he now gets?
Mr. MILLER. .About fourteen hundred
dollars.
Mr. MAYNARD. Fourteen hundred dol-
lars added to $450. That is a pretty large
increase. If I can get the floor I will move to
refer the whole subject to the Committee on
Accounts, which has the organization of the
House in its charge, and let them revise the
whole clerical force of the House.
Mr. MILLER. Before moving the previous
question I will say that at the suggestion of
my colleagues I will move to amend the bill so
as to make the pay of this clerk equal to the
pay of a second-class clerk, and 1 will also
move to insert after the word "clerk" the
words "of the House."
The committee ask nothing for this clerk
except what is right. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. BROOMALL. Is the amendment in
order ?
The SPEAKER. It is ; although the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania cannot accept it, as
this joint resolution is a report from a com-
mittee.
Mr. ARCHER. Is it now in order to move
to lay the joint resolution upon the table?
• The.SPE.AKER. It is,
Mf. ARCHER. Then I make that motioa.
The question was taken ;, and upon a, division
there were—ayes 45, noes '59; no quorum
voting. '
Tellers were ordered j and Mr. Miller and
Mr. Archer were appointed.
Th.e House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 44, noes 75.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The question recurred on seconding the pre-
vipus question; and being taken, there were—
ayes 65, noes 61.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BROOMALL called for tellers.
The question was taken on ordering tellers;
and there were twenty-six in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of a quorum)
tellers were ordered; and Mr. Buoomall and
Mr. Benjamin were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 66, noes 52.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question was, "Shall the main question
be now put ?''
Mr. SCOFIELD. As this is but the com-
mencement of a movement to increase the pay
of the clerks, I must ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of this joint resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 will call the yeas and
nays upon ordering the main question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. We may as well have the
yeas and nays on the passage only.
Mr. MAYNARD. No; if we vote down the
main question by the yeas and nays that will
divest this resolution of the operation of the
previous question, and a motion to refer can
then be made. Otherwise we must pass or
reject this joint resolution at once.
The question was then taken upon ordering
the yeas and nays; and there were twenty-seven
in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being more than one fifth
of the last vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken upon ordering
the main question; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 54, nays 75, not voting 03 ; as
follows:
TEAS —Messrs. Benjamin, Blackburn, Blame,
Boyden, Buckley, Clift, Coburn, Corley, Cornell, Ed-
wards, Farns worth, Ferriss, Glossbrenner, Goss,Gove,
Grover, Hamilton, Haughey, Heaton, Hotchkiss,
Chester D. Hubbard, Ingersoli, Jcnckes, Alexander
H. Jones, Koontz, Lynch, Mallory. Marvin, McCor-
mick, McKee, Miller, Mungen, Newsham, Norris,
O'Neill, Paine, Peters, Pettis, Pierce, Poland, Pols-
ley, Price, Robertson, Smith, Stokes, John Trimble,
Twiohell,Upson,Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn,
CadwaladerC. Washburn, Whittemore, Thomas Wil-
liams, and John T. Wilson—oi.
NAiS — Messrs. Allison, Archer, Axtell, Baker,
Beaman, Beatty, Benton, Blair, Boutwell, Boyer,
Bromwell.Broomall, Cake, Cary, Chanler, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Covode, Cul-
lom, Dixon, Dockery, Donelly, Ela, Eldridge, Perry,
Fields, Getz, Golladay, Haight, Harding, Hawkins,
Higby, Holman, Hopkins, Hulburd, Hunter, Judd,
Julian, Iielley. Ketcham, Lash, William Lawrence,
Loughridge, Maynard, McCarthy, McCullough,
Moore, Mullins, Newcomb, Niblack, Nicholson, Orth,
Phelps, Plants, Ross, Scofield, Shellabarger, Stevens,
Stone, Stover, Taylor, Trowbridge, Van Auken. Burt
Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck, William B.Wash-
burn, William Williams, James F. Wilson, Windom,
Woodbridge, Woodward, and Young—75.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey,
Baldwin, Banks, Barnes, Baraum, Beck, Bingham,
Boles, Bowen, Brooks, Buck land. Burr, Benjamin F.
Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Callis, Cook, Dawes, Del-
ano, Dcweese, Dickey, Dodge, Driggs, Eckley, Eggle-
ston, ThomasD. Eliot, James T.Elliott, Fox,French,
Garfield, Gravely, Griswold, HaJsey. Hill, Hooper,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hum-
phrey, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kellogs, Kelscy,
Kerr, Kitchen, Knott, Laflin, George V. Lawrence,
Lincoln,Loan, Logan, Marshall,Merour, Moorhead,
Morrell, Morrissey, Myers, Nunn, Per ham, Pike,
Pile, Pomeroy, Prince, Pruyn, Randall, Raum, Rob-
inson, Roots, Sawyer, Sehenck, Selye, Shanks, Sit-
greayes, Spalding, Starkweather, Stewart, Sypher,
Taber, TafFe, Thomas, Tift, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Vidal, Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Wash-
burn, Welker, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wood—93.
So the main question was not ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that this joint
resolution and the pending amendments be
referred to the Committee on Accounts, with
leave to report at any time.
The SPEAKER. The last part of the mo-
tion -requires unanimous consent.
Mr- BROMWEL,L. That .eommitik^ w;ill
ftd.on be called. ' '
.Mr. HOLMAN. I object to giving the ccai-
mijt.ee leave to report .at aiiy time..
' Mr. BROOMALL! 1 move to a?nend_ the
motion to refer by adding that the 'pomimttae
be instructed to inquire into the pay 6f .the
other committee clerks, aid to report in favQ'r
of granting extra compensation ta such of
them, if any, as may be deemed deserving.,
Mr. MAYNARD. I will modify my amend-
ment so as to instruct the committee to inquire
into the propriety of increasing or diminishing
the pay of other clerks of the House.
Mr. BROOMALL. Very well; thatwjlldo.
The motion of Mr. Maynard was ,thw
agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also moved that the, mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
ORDER Off BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour will
now commence; and this being Friday, the
first business in order is the call of committees
for reports of a private nature, commencing
with the Committee on the Militia, where the
call rested at the conclusion of the morning
hour on last private bill day. If that commit-
tee has no reports to make the Committee on
Naval Affairs will next be called.
charles w. whitney.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported aAill (H. R. No. 1964) for the
relief of Charles W. Whitney; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated the
sum of $50,000 to Charles W. Whitney, as pay-
ment in full for his claims against the Govern-
ment for enlargement of the iron-clad Keokuk.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I make the point of order
that this is an appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. It is an appropriation bill,
and if the point of order is insisted upon it must
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar.
Mr. ARCHER. I think that if the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. BEkJAMlN] would
hear the report read he would withdraw Ms
objection.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am willing to hear the
report, reserving my right to make the point
of order.
The report, which was read, states that the
time of contracting for this vessel was when
the building of iron-clads was in its earliest in-
fancy, and great risks were incurred by the con-
tractor for this class o f vessels. In Mr. Whitney' 8
case the risk was against him, and ruined him
pecuniarily. In March, 1867, an act was passed
to examine claims of contractors, and Mr.
Whitney presented his claim before that com-
mittee. The wording of the act was such_ as
to preclude the committee from taking action
in his particular case. Mr. Whitney claims that
he should be allowed $55,000, being the_addi-
tional percentage in the increase in the size of
the vessel from one hundred and fifty feet in
length to oue hundred and fifty-nine and one
half feet in length, and a proportionate increase
in width. The work was well done; the vessel
pronounced a success. Charles W.Whitney was
verballv directed by the Navy Department to
build the Keokuk, an iron-clad vessel one hun-
dred and fifty feet in length by thirty feet beam,
to be finished according to specifications which
he had furnished, and which were approved by
the Department, for $220,000. Soon after this
verbal direction, and after the work had com-
menced, Mr. Whitney discovered that the ton-
nage of the vessel was such that, although it had
been approved by the Department and his
verbal contract would have been sufficient to
justify him in going on with the work, she
would not be an efficient vessel. This fact he
communicated to the Department, and at the
same time satisfied them the Keokuk's j>lans
could be enlarged to make her tonnage right.
