1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1893
Mr. INGERSOLL. I yield for that.
Mr. LYNCH. If the motion to reconsider
be entered without any action being taken
upon it 
The SPEAKER. It will have no effect
whatever.
Mr. LYNCTI. Does the pendency of the
motion to reconsider have no effect upon the
position of the resolution?
The SPEAKER. Until it be acted upon it
has no effect whatever.
Jlr. LYNCH. When the motion to recon-
sider has been made and no action taken upon
it does not the resolution die with the session?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the motion to reconsider pending before the
House, some action upon it is necessary before
the House can proceed to other business. The
motion to postpone is in order if the gentle-
man from Illinois will yield for that purpose.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Illi-
nois consents; and I move to postpone the
further consideration of the motion till nine
o'clock.
Mr. CAKE. I object to that.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have yielded to the
gentleman from Ohio to make that motion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Thegentleman from Ohio
moves to postpone until nine o'clock to-mor-
row. Is that a part of the term of this Congress ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Nineo'clocka. m. to-day.
The SPEAKER. That is part of this legis-
lative day.
Mr. ELDRIDGE.
to-day?
The SPEAKER.
po«es.
Mr. MAYNARD. The House some time ago
adopted a resolution that nothing should be
done until this question was disposed of.
The SPEAKER. It has been disposed of,
and this is a motion to reconsider.
Mr. MAYNAllD. Does the Chair think that
the force of that resolution has expended itself?
The SPEAKER. It did on the passage of
the resolution.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Illinois yielded to the
gentleman from Ohio to move to postpone, and
I insist that motion should be put to the House.
Mr. Schexok's motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I understood the Chair to
state that the resolution had been sent to the
Senate, but that the motion to reconsider having
been made it would be recalled. Now, will not
the effect of the motion to postpone be to leave
the resolution upon the table until to-morrow
at nine o'clock ? If' that is not the effect I rise
to a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The resolution havingbeen
engrossed and sent to the Senate, and the
motion to recon.-ider having now been made
and postponed, ilie resolution will be lecalled
and laid upon the Speaker's table until nine
o'clock a. m. The request for its recall has
already been sent to the Senate.
Jlr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I object to
that, and I objected at the time..
Mr. MAYNAllD. I move to reconsider the
vote by which this motion was postponed until
to-morrow.
tfl'eakku's table.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I hope we will be allowed
to proceed to the consideration of the business
upon the Speaker's table. There are sixty odd
bills from the Senate. Many of them are pen-
sion bills and can soon be disposed ot. I make
that motion if there be no objection.
-messauk fjto.m the sexatk.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. goriiam, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that, body had adopted the report of the
committee of conference on the dis;igri-eing
votes of the two Houses on House bill No. lull,
making appropriations to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the
Government lor the fiscal year ending June CO,
1809, and for other purposes.
Is nine o'clock to-morow
It is, for legislative pur-
It further announced that the Senate had
adopted the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on House bill No. 1677, making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1870.
colored schools in the district.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, transmitting a report of the trustees of the
colored schools in the District; which was re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
n. k. trout.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting the application of N. "K. Trout,
of Staunton, Virginia, for removal of political
disabilities; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
steam expansion.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House :
a communication from the Secretary of the !
Navy, transmitting a letter from the chief of the
Bureau of Steam Engineering relative to the
amount of money expended in experiments on
steam expansion ; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
publication of debates.
The House resumed the consideration of the
motion of Mr. Maynard, to reconsider the vote
by which the House postponed the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution of
the Committee on Printing in relation to the
publication of the debates was adopted.
Mr. SHANKS. I rise to ask a parliament-
ary question. Where is the resolution now
pending, in the Senate or here ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
stated that the motion to reconsider having been
postponed it necessarily recalls the resolution
from the Senate, and a messenger must be sent
to the Senate to recall it until the motion is
finally disposed of.
deficiency bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD submitted the following
privileged report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
vote? of the two Houses on the bill of the House (H. I
E. No.ll91)makmgappropriation3tosupplydefieien- j
cies in the appropriations for the service ot the Guv- I
ernment for the fiscal year ending June 30,1SG9, and |
for other purposes, havinsmet/afterfulland tree con- I
ierence have agreed to rccommend, and do reeom- j
mend to their respective Houses as follows: |
They recommend that the House recede from their ,
disagreement to the amendments of the Senate num- j
bered 2, 3, 6. 7, s, 9, 10,11, 12. 13, 1-1, 15, 17, 22, 2J, 24, ;
2S. 29, anil 30, and agree to the same.
They recommend that the Senate recede from their
amendments numbered 1, 5,10, IS. 21, 26, and 27. ,
They recommend that the iioum: recede from their '
disagreement to the amendment of the Senate num-
bered 21 and agree to the situe with .in 'lmendmenf, ;
as follows: after the word "compensation" insert
" exceeding one eighrh of one per cent, in any case.*' ;
They rcecumend that tile Ilouse receie irom their
disagreement to the fourth amendment of the Senate,
so far asit proposes to stiikoouttheseooiidproyiso in
said amendment; and the Senate agree to the same.
They recommend that the House recede from ttieir
disagreement to the nineteenth amendment of the
Senate and agree to thosamewithan amendment, as
follows: insert in lieu ot said amendment the words
"for the construction of basin and new dock barge
office at New Yoik, ^2\UG0.''
They recommend that the House recede from their
disagreement to the twentieth amendment of the
Senate and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows: strike oat "$13,000," and insert m lieu
thereof "$7,o0(V
They recommend that the House recede from their
disagreement to the twenty-fifth amendment of the
Sonato and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows: insert in lieu of the words stricken out
the words "for collecting, preparing, and printing '•
the proceedings at the decoration of tlio soldier*' 1
graves, under resolution of June 22, ISoS, $2,000;" ii
and the Senatoagree to the
TIMOTHY 0. HOWE,
A. It. Cli-VGIX, ;
,r. w. x> i;,
ibtn((yer\ on : ■ ■ pontiff tSt.late. ;
G. W. M'Ol'ir.LP,
srKvi:xsox AitriiTu:, :
.17'(Ho<'! tU' i>uyt of the If -u*r.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Unlost* some member .
wishes to make inquiries about the bin 1 will ,,
i\sk the previous question. M
Several Members. "Question!" "Ques-
tion !JJ
Mr. CULLOM. "What appropriations have
been stricken out?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Very few changes are made
in the bill as it passed the House. The Senate
added about two hundred thousand dollars,
and they have refused a few of our appropria-
tions. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered j and under the opera-
tion thereof the report was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. BUTLEB, of Massachusetts, submitted
the following privileged report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 1672) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1870, having met, after full and free conference, have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend to their
respective House?, as follows;
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 14, 15,16,17,18, 29, 34, 35, 36, 40, 41, 43, 44,
45. 65, 71, 75. 76. 77, 78. 84, and 90.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Senate
numbered 1,2,3,8,10,12, 13, 19, 20, 21, 22,23,30,32,
33, 37, 38, 39, 46, 47, 48,49, 50, 51,52, 53,54, 55, 56,57, 58.
59, 60,61, 62, 63, 64, 66, 67, 68, 73, 79,85, 86, and 89, and
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fourth amendment of the Senate and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows: strike out
of said amendment " $1,000" and insert in lieu the
following words: "ten dollars' worth for each mem-
ber, $740;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the Hou>e recede from their disagreement to
the fitth amendment of the Senate and agree to the
same ^iih an amendment, as follows: strike out of
said amendment, the toiiowing: " $2,000" and insert
in lieu the loiiowing words: " ten dollars'worth for
each member and Delegate, §2,260;" and the Senate
agr ce to tbc same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixth amendment of the Senate and agree to the
same with an amendment, as follows: in fine three
of said amendment strike out the word "eleven"
and insert in lieu the word "five;" and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their seventh amend-
ment, and on page 10, line fifteen of the bill, strike
out the word "five;" and the House agree to the
same as so modified.
That the Senate rccedc from their eleventh amend-
ment, and on page 11, line twenty-five of the bill,
strike out the word "legislative;" and the House
ag* ee to the same as so modified.
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 24, 25, 26, 27, and 28; and on page 17
ot the bill si-ike oat all after the word "dollars,"
in line twenty, down to and including the word
" clashes," in line twenty-five.
That the Hou<e recede from their^ disagreement to
the thirty-first amendment of the Senate and agree
to the same with an amerxlinent, as follows: after
the word "dollar?." in line thirteen on page 2 of
the bill add the following: "'Provided, That the Com-
missioner oi Internal Rovenuoshall make a detailed
repot t to Congress of the expenditure of this appro-
priation at the next December session, to whom paid,
how much to each, and for what purpose, giving the
items oi each payment and the number of employes ;
and bereatter the said Commissioner shall estimate
in detail by collation districts the expense of assess-
ing and the expense of the collection of internal
revenue."
Th.it the Senate recede from their forty-second
amendment, and that the worn "and" contained in
said amendment be stricken out and the word " at"
inserted in lieu thereof.
That the House recede trom their disagreement to
the sixty-ninth amendment and agree to the same
with an amendment, as iollows: m lieu of said
amendment mscit *' &ixty-eigkt thousand five;" and
the Senate aeriee to ttie same.
That the House ieeode iiom their disagreement to
the seventieth amendment of the Senate and agreo
to the same with an amendment, as follows; strike
out of s-aid amendment the words "one thousand"
and insert in lieu "seven hundred and twenty."
That ihe House recede from their disagreement to
the seventy-second amendment ot the Senate and
agiee tu the same with an amendment, a5? follows:
strike out of said amendment the words "seven
thousand five hundred '* and insert in lieu 4 fifteeu
thou^nd." , . ,
T'nat the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventy-iourth amendment of the Senate and
agree to the same with an amendment, a* i-dtov.? :
stuke out uf said amendment the word "lateen"
an 1 insert in lieu the woid "leu."
Tn-it the Home leccde Irom their disagreement to
the eightieth amendment ot the Sen.no and .ujieeto
tLu'&.tiiie with  u amendment, a,> ioilov, j; tt;ikoout
ot said amendtUiT.r " tv.en:$ - fivethou-.md iv. o hun-
dred " and in.-eu "twemy thoiuv.ud;"\and at tne
end of lino fourteen, page 1:1 of the bill, add the
