OM&KESSI0ML' GLOBE;
January 5,
constructed thirty thousand Six hundred and
■thirty'five railesof raibbadiu the UrfiBsd-States',
and during that period our national wealth was
increased to $16,159,090,000. Thus it appears
that during the thirty years of railroad devel-
opment there has been added to the nation's
wealth an umount more than fix times'- as
great as the entire accumulations of the Wo
hundred years prior to the inauguration of this
wonderful engine of progress. In other words,
the average annual increase of wealth prior to
1880 was only about thirteen million two hun-
dred and sixty-five thousand dollars. The
average annual increase from 1850tol860rthe
period of greatest railroad development, was
$902,822,000, showing an average annual in-
ereaise sixty-eight hundred per cent, greater
during the last railroad decade than before
1830. Such astounding results might seem to
belong to the domain of fiction were not their
correctness demonstrated by the dry and in-
controvertible logic of the census tables.
A little refleciion will disclose the secret of
this wonderful influence of railroads upon our
national prosperity. The chief bases ot wealth
in this country are lands, mines, labor. Sep-
arated they are each of little value. Combined
they produce the astonishing results we have
seen. Railroads afford the only means of com-
bining them.' successfully, and hence to rail-
roads must these results be mainly attributed.
"Without them neither lands nor mines can be
adequately supplied with labor, nor labor with
a market. They are, therefore, the true phi-
losopher's stone, which turns our mountains
and prauies into gold.
In a very able work, entitled "Manual of
Railroads of the United States," by Henry V.
Poor, of'New York city—a work, by the way,
which should be in the hands of every railroad
man and political economist in the country—I
find this statement:
"The cost of transporting whcnt for three hundred
milos over ordinary highwiiys will equal its average
value at tbo point of consumption. Indian corn will
bejtr transportation over earth roads only about one
hundred miles."
Hence all the land outside ,of a radius of
three hundred miles from the sea-board or
river markets, would be, without railroads or
canals, wholly worthless for the purposes of
agriculture, and that which lies within such
radius would depreciate in value, just in pro-
portion it approximated that verge of
worthlessness. i'ake a map of the United
States, and with scale and dividers mark out
those little circles of trade which the wagon-
roads would accommodate, and then compare
them with the present vast sweep of com-
merce on this continent, and you will be able
to, understand why the augmentation of national
wealth bears so remarkable a relation to the
increase .of railroads. Strike from our great
cities the support of those vast fertile empires
that lie outside ot the earth road radius, and
irom the prairies and rich valleys of the
West take away the markets that are more
than three huudred miles distant, aqd ruin,
utter^ hopeless ruin, will brood over almost
every hearthstone in the land, and national
bankruptcy will stare grimly from the steps of
tbe^ I reasury Department. The same causes
which have thus strengthened our national
credit and augmented the public revenues
will continue, it properly encouraged, to
produce similar results. Whether aided by
-the Government or not the necessities ot'
trade will: eventually compel the construction
of the road I ^advocate; but the cost is so
great that private capital will hesitate to under-
take it, and years will elapse before it will be
done. It is only a question of time, it is true ;
but that question is an all-important one to
the nation. It is a question whether we, who
are now burdened with debt, shall take means
to decrease that burden at ohee, and let the
present generation reap the advantages that
are so sure to result from-the consummation
of this great enterprise, or by a false economy
refuse and postpone the incalculable-benefits
. ihut court our acceptance.
■ Consider for a moment what will be the effect
of tire construction of this particular Vo&dupon
the credit and revenues of the country, by the
development of the lands and mines in its
vicinity. Take Montana as an illustration. So
rich are the mines of that new Territory that
since 1862 the population has increased from a
few hundreds to sixty thousand, and towns of
from four thousand to ten thousand inhabitants
ba-ve sprung into existence. Itsgold andsilver
products alone are estimated at $65,000,000 in
six years. Observe under what disadvantages,
and at what ruinous cost, this great addition
has been made to the coin of the country. In
1867 twelve thousand tonsof freight were deliv-
ered in Montana from various distant points, on
which the freight and insurance charges aver-
aged twenty-five cents per pound, amounting
in the aggregate to $6,000,000. This, in addi-
tion to the heavy expenses of travel to and from
the Territory, and the loss of the use of capital
for many months in the year by merchants and
other business men, while goods are in transit,
may enable us to form some conception of the
burdens borne, for want of railroads, by those
who open our mines and lay the foundations of
States. The above statement of the cost of
transportation is confirmed by Quartermaster
General Meigs, who, under date of April, 1866,
wrote:
" From St. Louis to Helena, a town of four thousand
inhabitants, winch hassprunginto being in Montana
within the past year, tho estimated co t of transport-
ation of freight fay river and wagon trail is five hun-
dred to six hundred dollars per ton."
And he adds:
"How much must these enormous rates interfere
with the opening and development ot the rich min-
ing, grazing, and agricultural regions of this Switzer-
land of America."
Is it unreasonable to assume that with the
reduced transportation and cheap labor this
road will furnish the gold and silver products
of that Territory will be quadrupled, and that,
instead of $12,000,000, as reported by J. Itoss
Browne for 1867, we shall have an annual pro-
duction of at least $50,000,000?
The estimate for Idaho by the Government
commissioners was, for 1867, $0,500,000. This
has been produced under disadvantages as
great as in Montana. Her products would
doubtless show as great an increase by the
construction of the road and the facilities it
would afford. We may, therefore, I think,
safely estimate the increase in gold and silver
along the line of the road, which will result
from its construction, at $50,000,000 per an-
num. Give to those people in Montana and
Idaho (who, with freight at $600 per ton, have
produced $20,000,000 of gold and silver per
annum) reasonable facilities for the transport-
ation of heavy mining machinery, cheapen
labor and food by opening up easy access to
the mining regions, and the next ten years will
witness a development of mineral wealth that
the most sanguine among us cannot now an-
ticipate. The safe and sure road to specie
payment lies in this direction.
According to Redan, the average yearly pro*
duction of gold and silver in all Europe is
$29,024,000. _ We have seen that in the States
and Territories on the line of this road the
production in 1867 wasover twenty-one million
dollars. Are not its resources such as to jus-
tify the claim now made for it?
Let my own State illustrate the effect of rail-
roads upon the increase of national wealth by
means of the facilities they afford for the set-
tlement and cultivation of public lands. With-
out railroads to eonvey our products to the
Bast the rich lands of Minnesota would to-day
be .as valueless and tenantless as are those
which lie a thousand miles to the west of her.
With them, see what has been accomplished !
In 1861 Minnesota sent more soldiers into the
field to fight'for the Union than she had white
inhabitants in 1851. In 1857 we imported our
breadstuff's, and in 1867 we exported of wheat
al<5ne twelve million bushels, which sold at an
average tkf about two dollars per bushel, mak-
ing _ in actual production of this one article
an increase of national wealth amounting to
$24,OG&,(K)0; this, in addition to the amount
consumed and retained for seed, and also ift
addition to the large exports of corn, beef,
pork, potatoes, and otherarticles, which would
amount to probably five or six millions more.
President PoIk in his message of December,
1846, stated the value of all the exports of the
United States at $102,141,833. Minnesota,
then unknown, except as a supposed inhos-
pitable, frigid, unexplored region somewhere
near tbe north pole, in twenty two years there-
after exported more than one fourth as much
as the entire national exports of 1846.
The average annual exports of the United
States for sixt een years, from June 30, 1847,
to June 30, 18G3, were, of all kinds of agricul-
tural products, (exeept'cotton and tobacco,)
$55,452,190, and of domestic products of every
kind, $234,314,468.
These statistics, taken from the Annual
Record, disclose the astonishing fact that in
1867, when only nine years old, the State of
Minnesota exported of wheat alone an amount
equal to four tenths of the average annual
value of all the agricultural products (except-
ing cotton and tobacco) of the nation from
1847 to 1863; and an amount equal to one
tenth of the average annual value of.all the
domestic exports of the United States of every
kind, including those of the sea, the forest,
the mines, of agriculture, and of manufactures
during said sixteen years. The total exports
by the United States of domestic produce of all
kinds from 1800 to 1863 were $7,381,318,194,
making an annual average for sixty-three years
of $117,163,780, or only about four times the
value of Minnesota's wheat exportation for the
year 1867. I make these comparisons with my
own State because I am proud of ber, and
because it is by such comparisons we are able
to form a correct estimate of the vast addition
the settlement and cultivation of our western
Territories will make to the material wealth
of the nation. The Governor of Minnesota
estimates that only two per cent, of her lands
have yet been brought under actual cultivation.
Judge what she will do when one half, or the
whole, shall be cultivated! •
The Northern Pacific road, by its intersec-
tions of the Red river, the Missouri, the Yel-
lowstone, and the various other navigable
streams on its line, will form a-connecting link
between the navigable waters within the bound-
ary of the United States at least a thousand
miles in length ; so that the combined length
of the road and the river navigation with which
it connects will be not less than three thou-
sand miles. It will open to settlement the
country on its own line and on said rivers to
the extent of from fifty to a hundred miles on
both sides, making within said limit of fifty
miles an aggregate of more than one hundred
and fifty million acres. Deducting one half
for uncultivatable lands, a very much largei
deduction than the facts justify, we have sev-
enty-five million acres of good, fertile land,
such as that of my own State, that would be
opened to settlement. Allowing that only one
third of the good land shall be actually tilled,
we^wiil have twenty-five million acres under
cultivation. The great results in Minnesota
to which I have referred were produced by the
cultivation of only two per cent, of the whole,
or about one million acres. -Multiply the prod-
ucts of Minnesota in 1867 by twenty-five and
we have three hundred million bushels of
wheat per annum, which, at one dollar per
bushel, will add $300,000,000 yearly, to the
nation's wealth ; an amount six times greater
every year than the proposed loan.
It will be observed that this estimate is only
for the time immediately succeeding the con-
struction of the road, aud is.by no means in-
tended to represent even a tithe of what the
productions of that country will amount to
twerity years hence. It also excludes all that
vast augmentation of , wealth which the rqad
will effect outside of the said narrow limit.of
fifty miles., and which will probably amount
to very rtiuch more than 1 have estimated
within such limit. Even in my own State the
value of every acre of land will be doubled by
