1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1145
■any one man to pass upon the validity of an
election go vital to the very existence of the
Government, so that by interpretation or'con-
struction he could make and unmake Presi-
dents? Iso declare it, as I am justified in doing,
by the action of both branches of Congress, as
well as the recorded votes of one hundred and
fifty members of this House, the immediate
Representatives of the people.
'Mr. LOGrxlN. I yield a few minutes to the
geutleman from Vermpnt, [Mr. Woodbridge.]
Mr. WOODBBIDjGE. It-seems to me, Mr.
Speaker, that this entire question lies within a
very narrow, compass. Section one, article
two, of the Constitution, and the twelfth amend-
ment, in respect to counting the electoral vote,
are identical in language, and each provides
that the President of the Senate shall, in the
.presence of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, open all the certificates, and the
votes shall then be counted. Not that the Presi-
dent of the Senate shall count the votes, but
that he shall open the certificates in the pres-
ence of the two Houses. Having done this,
his power in the premises under the Constitu-
tion is expended. Here is a grant of power,
an imposition of a duty, and the question is,
how is this power to he exercised ? How is this
duty to be performed ? It is a well recognized
principle that with a grant goes as a necessary
incident to it the power to do that which may
be necessary to put in execution and carry out
the duty imposed by the grant. _ The twenty-
second rule is merely the machinery whereby
the constitutional provision or duty is executed.
The rule may be wise or unwise, cumbrous or
facile. It is nevertheless, having been adopted
by the action of both Houses of Congress,
binding and valid until repealed, and is not, in
mv judgment, obnoxious to the criticism of the
learned gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Si-iella-
b arger, ] as being repugnant to the Constitution.
Now, sir, why does the Constitution provide
that the President of the Senate shall open the
certificates and that the votes shall be counted
in the presence of the Senate and House of
Representatives ? Is it merely for a pageant?
Is it merely for the purpose of giving dignity
to the procedure? I think not, sir. Some
higher and more practical purpose must have
actuated the men who framed our Constitu-
tion. What was it ? In my judgment, sir, it
■was that the legislative body of the nation
might see to it that the votes were properly
and fairly counted. Were the legislative body
spectators only, then, sir, the President of the
Senate might pass upon the formality or in-
formality, the legality or illegality of the cer-
tificates, and for aught I can see his judg-
ment would be supreme, and to him would be
left the election of President and Vice Presi-
dent. The illustration, sir, may be extreme,
but I cannot see that it is untrue or illogical.
Then, sir, the two Houses being present in
joint convention for some purpose, they must
have some power, and the question arises,
what is that power? Under the Constitution,
which is silent upon the subject, it must neces-
sarily be limited, extending only to the estab-
lishment of such rules of procedure as will
give full, fair, free, and lawful play to the exe-
cution of the duty which the Constitution im-
poses. Hejjce, the rule was established that
upon the reading of a certificate a member
•may object to its reception, and upon a state-
ment of the objection the two Houses shall by
themselves proceed to consider it.
Now, sir, while I consider the mode in which
the objection must be considered, as preseribed,
by Rule 22, unwise and cumbersome, and
perhaps, I may gay, by a possibility disastrous
m its consequences, I cannot see that it is in
conflict 'with the Constitution. It is, to say
the most of it, only the exercise of what I
conceive to be a necessary power in an unfor-
tunate manner. But, sir, passing from_ the
rule, I will for a moment consider the joint
resolution. I deem that resolution unneces-
sary and unwise, and had I been in my s
on the evening when, it .passed the House I
ehfculd have voted.against ik, .
The joint resolution in its preamble recites,
that which, respecting the condition of the
State of Georgia, would render the certificate of
her electors void. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts admits this, but, as I understand
liim, claims that there were objections not in-
cluded in the preamble, and hence that his
point was well'taken and should have been
entertained by the Presiding Officer, and that
the action of the Senate and of the President
thereof upon:the. return o£ the Senate to this
Hall was a violation of the high privilege of
the House and an infringement upon its pre-
rogatives. Sir, there was one error and one
misfortune in the acts of the Presiding Officer.
The error was, that he entertained at all the
objection of the member from Massachusetts,
and requested the Senate to retire. The mis-
fortune was that when he resumed the chair
he did not, in the exercise of that graceful
suavity which adorns our Speaker, announce
that his decision was erroneous, retract it, and
proceed with the count. But, sir, I judge that
'' suaviter in modo'' is not eqqal to ' 'fortiter
in re" in the character of the brave old states-
man.
No one, I think, will deny that Congress had
the constitutional power to pass the joint reso-
lution. It received the sanction of the vote
of the gentleman from Massachusetts. The
statement in the preamble was sufficient, in
his estimation, to reject the electoral vote of
Georgia. In spite of that fatality he voted to
receive the vote under certain circumstances
prascribed in the body of the resolution. But
he claims to have discovered another fatal de-
fect ; and while with one perfectly fatal defect
he was willing to receive the certificate and
count the vote, he was unwilling to do so with
two fatal defects, and hence all this unfortunate,
and, 1 may say, disgraceful collision between the
two branches of Congress. But, sir, there is
another point. The language of a bill or reso-
lution which is so explicit that it will bear but
one construction is not to be governed by the
language of the preamble. The joint resolu-
tion asserts in direct and positive terms that—
" On the assembling of the two Houses on the second
Wednesday of February, 1869, for the counting of the
electoral votes for President and Vice President, as
provided by law and the joint rules"-—
Thereby recognizing the validity of the joint
rule providing for the reception and counting
of the electoral vote—
"if the counting or omitting to count the electoral
votes, if any, which may be presented as of the State
of Georgia shall not essentially change the result, m
that case they shall be reported by the President of
the Senate in the following manner: were the votes
presented as of the State of Georgia to be counted,
the result would be, for for President of the
United States, votes; if not counted, for —
for President of the United States, votes; but m
either case is elected President of the United
States; and in the same manner for Vice President."
The only question that could arise, the only
objection that could by any possibility be en-
tertained, was that the counting of the vote of
Georgia changed the result. No one was foolish
enough to raise such an objection. The vote
of the Senate, when they had retired, that the
objection raised by a member of the House was
not in order, was a matter of taste. It may not
be proper for me to criticise it; I will only say
"non disputandum est." That the_decision
of the Presiding Officer was correct in order-
ing the tellers to proceed with the count I have
no doubt.
That the decision might have been ren-
dered in a manner more congenial to the nerv-
ous nature and delicate sensibilities of my
friend before me, and perhaps other gentle-
men, I am willing to admit. I do not believe,
however, that the Presiding Officer intended
to insult the House or encroach upon its prerog-
atives. And while I think that the action of
the Senate in tone and bearing might have been
more considerate and respectful, and while I
apprehend that often men are somewhat puffed
up by the enjoyment of a little brief authority,
politeness, and, indeed, truthfulness, compel
me to say that on the whole they are entitled
to the respect of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, who loves a storm, and sometimes
impresses me with the idea that he isa reVola 
tionist by instinct, and also that of my excit-
able friend from Illinois, who apparently could
only be restrained by the gentle imposition of
the potent hand of the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Sir, I hope such scenes may never be reen-
acted upon the floor of this House. To us,
who believe that they will end as a farce always
ends, they may be of no consequence. To the
country and to the world it is far otherwise.
The interests committed to the hands of the
American Congress are too sacred and too vast
to be trifled with. Anarchy, and not consoli-
dation, has caused the downfall of all the Re-
publics which have preceded ours. We have
tested our strength in the rebellion through
which we have just passed. The people are as
loyal to liberty as is the needle to the pole.
They love the de^r old flag as they love the
memory of their mothers. Let us beware lest
by our example we may teach them that liberty
is not always and necessarily linked to law.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, in the few mo-
ments I have left I shall not attempt to discuss
ail the various questions that have been dis-
cussed by the gentlemen who have preceded
me. I take a somewhat different view of the
question from that which has been presented
by any of the gentlemen who have spoken. So
far as any change that might be made, or that
would be proper to be made, in the twenty-sec-
ond joint rule of the House, I think it would
be well to do it, so that a similar scene to the
one here enacted may not again occur. I would
favor a law that would regulate the counting
of the votes for President and Vice President.
I would even go further and say we might do
well to provide for the contesting, by either of
the parties, the election as in other, cases. But
in this case I do not propose to discuss that
question, nor do I propose to discuss the con-
stitutionality of the rule, or its effect in any par-
ticular whatever on the joint convention.
The particular question that strikes mc is
this : does the resolution that has been offered
tend directly or indirectly to pronounce judg-
ment against the Presiding Officer of the joint
convention in the way of a censure upon the
conduct of said officer? I think it does. I
do not mean that such is the intention of the
mover; but the resolution bears beneath its
verbiage a sting that will have that effect. Now,
I have understood this to be a principle of law,
and it certainly should be applicable to rules
governing this House as well when wrongs are
claimed to have been done as where violations
of law are claimed to have been perpetrated.
It is a rule that where there is no intent or
motive discovered to do wrong that there is no
crime. So when there is no intentional viola-
tion of a rule, and no act on the part of the
party that shows any intention to trample upon
the privileges of this joint convention or delib-
erative body, or upon any of its rules, there is
nothing in the conduct of the party that can in
any degree justify anything that would smack
even of a censure.
Now, sir, as to whether the Presiding Officer
of the joint convention did right in receiving
the objection made by the gentleman from
Massachusetts or not is not a question that I
shall discuss. But I think that I would be
justified in agreeing with the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Woodbridge] that the accept-
ing or recognizing the gentleman's motion
was the error, if any there was, that was com-
mitted by the Presiding Officer. Under the
joint rule of the two Houses he, perhaps, had
no right to allow that motion, bat inasmuch
as itwas allowed by him, having committed
that error, if error it was, then the question is
whether or not afterward a wrong was perpe-
trated upon the rights of this House, and such
a wrong as would justify us in passing a reso-
lution carrying in the remotest degree the
sting of a-censure which would be felt as such
by that noble and venerable patriot, Benjamin
F. Wade.
Now, sir, I have not time, nor, as I said, do
I intend to discuss all the questions involved
in .this case. At the conclusion of my remarks
