1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1897
simple contrivance for exhibiting show cards,
of value to the inventor and to those who would
use such a device. The question is whether
this man shall be allowed to apply to the Com-
missioner of Patents for an extension of his
patent, he having been sick at the time the
law obliged him to make his application. In
consequence of his sickness he was subject to
fits of insanity, which prevented him from
doing any business whatever. This bill does
not extend the patent, but simply allows an
application for an extension, to be determined
by the Commissioner the same as if it had been
made in time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. ' I with-
draw the motion to reconsider.
C. .II. EODD AND A. J. CAMPEAN.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 896) confirming certain
purchases of lands in the Ionia district, Michi-
gan, made by Charles H. Rodd and Andrew J.
Campean ; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the lo-
cations and purchases of land made by Charles
H. Rodd and Andrew J. Campean, under the
provisions of the treaty of August 2, 1865, in
the Ionialand district, Michigan, be confirmed,
so far as such purchases or locations were made
prior to the instructions of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office to the register and
receiver not to allow any further Indian loca-
tions or purchases in the Indian reservation ;
provided that such purchases were made reg-
ularly, according to the regulations and in-
structions of the General Land Office in force
at the time: and provided that this act shall
not prejudice any adverse claims to such lands.
Mr. DRIGGS. I desire that this bill be put
on its passage, and I will make a brief state-
ment. The bill has reference to the purchase
of a small piece of land in an Indian reserva-
tion in my district by two Indians named re-
spectively Rodd and Campean. Under the
arrangement of the treaty they were allowed to
purchase the land and to sell without a descrip-
tion. Owing to some conflict between the
decision of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office and the then Secretary of the
Interior the patents have been withheld. This
bill, which is designed to remedy the difficulty,
has been considered by the Committee on the
Public Lands, who are unanimously in favor
of its passage.
Mr. SCOl'TELD. How much land in all is
involved in the case ?
Mr. DRIGGS. About one hundred and
sixty acres. The bill is all right. I call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third read-
ing ; ai'd it was accordingly read the third time.
On the passage of the bill, there were—ayes
91, noes 11; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. SCOFIELD
and Mr. Draco,s were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes one hundred and seventeen, noes not
counted.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. DiilGGS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER (at ten minutes before five
o'clock a. in.) moved that the House take a
recess till half past nine o'clock a. m.
Onthu motion, there were—ayes 51. noes 65.
So the House refused to take a recess.
TAKING DEPOSITIONS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 7*20) to provide for the
execution in the District of Columbia of com-
missions issued by the courts of the States^
and Territories of the Lhiited States or ofj
foscign nations, and for taking depositions to j
be used in such courts ; which was read a first
and second time.
The first section provides that any party to a
suit depending in any court of any State or
Territory of the United States or of any
.foreign nation may obtain the testimony of
any witness residing in or temporarily within
the District of Columbia to be used in such
suit. When a commission to take such testi-
mony shall have issued from the court in which
such suit is pending or a notice shall have
been given according to the rules of practice
prevailing in such court, on producing the
same to a justice of the supreme court of the
District of Columbia, and on due proof being
made to such officer that the testimony of any
witness residing in the District or temporarily
within it is material to the party desiring the
same, such officer is to issue a summons to
such witness^ requiring him to appear before
the commissioners named in such commission
or notice to testify in such suit. Such sum-
monses to specify the time and place at which
the witness is required to attend, which shall
be within the District of Columbia.
The second section provides that if a suit be
pending in any court of any State or Territory
of the United States or of any foreign nation
and it shall satisfactorily appear by affidavit to
any officer named in the next preceding sec- ;
tion or to the judge of the orphans' court or
any commissioner for the taking of depositions
appointed by the supreme court of the District,
that any person residing or temporarily dwell-
ing in the District of Columbia is a material ;
witness for either party to such suit; that no I
commission or notice to take the testimony of -
such witness has been issued or given; and ;
that according to the course and practice of i
the court in which such suit is pending the I
deposition of a witness taken without the pres- !
ence and consent of both parties will be re-
ceived on the trial or hearing of such suit, !
such officer is to issue his summons requiring I
such witness to appear before him at a place I
within the District at some reasonable time to i
testify in such suit. j
The third section provides that the officer |
before whom such witness shall appear shall !
take down his testimony in writing, and shall 'j
certify and transmit the same to the court |>
before which such suit is pending in such man-
ner as the practice of the court may require. I]
If any person shall refuse or neglect to appear
at the time and place mentioned in the sum- j
mons issued in accordance with this act, or if j
on his appearance he shall refuse to testify, /
he is to be liable to the same penalties as would [[
be incurred for a like offense on the trial of
a suit. !
The fourth section provides that every wit- j,
ness appearing and testifying under this act !!
shall be entitled to receive from the party at !j
whose instance he has been summoned the fees
now provided by law for each day he shall give •!
attendance.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask that the bill
be put on its passage. There is now no way j
of enforcing testimony of witnesses by com-
mission.
Mr. BINGHAM. From a general reading
of this bill I take it that it is intended to apply
only to civil cases.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That is all.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman to
consider whether it may not be made to apply
to criminal proceedings?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Criminal proceed-
ings are already provided for. I now demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand this is to go
beyond this District.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. In criminal pro-
ceedings depositions may be taken.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is not limited to
cases in the District of Columbia, and there
is the trouble.
The bill was ordered to a third rending ; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CAIRO AND FULTON RAILROAD.
Mr. ROOTS. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 238) extending the time for the
completion of the first twenty miles of the Cairo
and Fulton railroad.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object. The gentle-
man objected to a resolution I offered in the
House some time ago.
Mr. ROOTS. I offered a resolution next
day and the gentleman's friends objected-. I
move to suspend the rules to take up and pass
that joint resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. When the militia of the
gentleman's State were killing men down there
he objected to all investigation.
Mr. ROOTS. Nextday laskedforaninvesti-
gation in regard to the Kuklux murders and
the gentleman's friends objected. I move to
suspend the rules for the purpose of passing
the joint resolution. It extends the time only
nine months for the completion of the first
twenty miles of the Cairo and Fulton railroad.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
91, noes 17; no quorum voting.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that there be a
call of the House.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
40, noes 50.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Eldkidge
and Mr. Roots were appointed.
Mr. PILE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
RECESS.
Mr. BOUTWBLL. I move that we take a
recess until ten o'clock.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 will withdraw my mo-
tion for a call of the House on that condition.
Mr. BUTLER, ofMassachusetts. We might
as well take a recess. The Senate have taken a
recess. The committee of conference on the
miscellaneous appropriation bill is still out,
and it will be half or three quarters of an hour
before it will be able to make its report. So
far as the public business is concerned, then,
we may as well take a recess until ten o'clock.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I withdraw my motion
for a call of the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Of course
the pending bill is to be disposed of.
Mr. Roots's motion to suspend the rules was
agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. ROOTS moved to reconsidcr the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. BUTLER, of
Massachusetts, (at a quarter past five o'clock,
a. m.,1 the House took a recess until ten
o'clock a. m.
The House reassembled at ten o'clock a. m.,
[Thursday, March I.]
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. BROOMALL, from the Committee on
Accounts, submitted a report in pursuance of
the instructions of a resolution of the House
relative to the pay of clerks to committees;
which was laid on the table.
WILLMM II. HAKMON.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported adversely on the
biH (S. No. 183) for the relief of William II.
Harmon ; and the same was laid on the table.
FINANCE AND CCRRFA'CY.
Mr. COBURN submitted the following priv-
ileged report: which was read, considered, and
agreed to :
The committee of conicrenee on the disagreeing
vote> ot tho two on the bill (6. No. 410) sup-
