1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1147
Speaker, the gentleman yields to me a moment
of his timfe,
Mr. LOGAN. For the purpose of withdraw-
ing the resolution.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In order
.that' there may "be no misunderstanding, I desire
to say, as I said yesterday, that I never have
believed, I do not now believe, that Ben. Wade
ever meant to do, or ever did do intentionally
a wrong act. But I do believe that the privi-
leges of this House have heen invaded. That
question has been discussed. What is neces-
sary is to have legislation, so that the same
thing may never happen again. Waiving all
pride of opinion, announcing distinctly that
I never have censured Ben. Wade, and never
• meant to censure him for any intentional act
of his, maintaining only that his action,
whether under the prompting of the Senate
or ol' whomever else it may have been, was an
invasion of the privileges of this House, still
I will, in order to have this grave question set-
tled for the future by legislation, agree to with-
draw my resolutions, and accept that of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Kelsey] as
a substitute, if such be the judgment of the
House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now raise the same
question of order that I raised before, that the
resolution now presented as a substitute is not
a question of privilege. .
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. The Chair
does not understand the resolutions of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts as being modified
at.the present time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to understand
whether the resolutions have been modified in
the manner proposed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the Chair
to understand that the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has modified his resolutions as indi-
cated by the gentleman from New York?
'• Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If it can
be accepted as a modification by the House,
yes, sir. ,
Mr. BROOMALL. I make the point of
order that it is not germane.
Mr. .GAR-FIELD, 1 object under the rules
of the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is that
. " the spirit of hell?"
The "SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman propose to modify his resolutions or
to allow the gentleman from New York to
offer his proposition as a substitute?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. To offer
his as a substitute—any way to get out of the
matter.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
rules that the offer of the resolution of the gen-
tleman from New York as a substitute for the
resolutions of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts is in order. The resolutions of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts are before the House
as a question of privilege, and the House can
put them in such shape as it may see fit. If the
gentleman modifies his resolutions by adopting
the words of the resolution of the gentleman
from New York, that reduces it to a resolution,
not to one of privilege. But the substitute
can be moved as an amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not make the
; point that the original resolutions are not before
. the House and are not privileged; but I make
the point that the gentleman cannot offer a
substitute for the resolutions which will not be
privileged.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
rules that any matter germane to the matter of
privilege in the resolution can be adopted by
the House, as the House still retains it in its
possession.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The resolution of
the gentleman from New York is proposed to
be offered as a substitute for the resolutions of
• the gentleman from Massachusetts, astheywere
modified by him last evening. The resolutions,
as they have been modified by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, read as follows:
Resolved, That the House protests against tho
manner of procodure and tho order of the President
of the Senate pro tempore, in presence of the two
Houses, in counting the vote of Georgia in obedience
to the order of the Senate only, and against his acts
dissolving the convention and the two Houses at his
own will as an invasion of tho rights and privileges
of this House.
Resolved, That the above resolution be, and hereby
is, referred to a select committee of five, with leave
to report at any time, and report by hill or other-
wise.
Now, tho substitute provides that alt the
rules in reference to this subject shall be refer-
red to a committee. I make the point that the
substitute is not germane.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order, being of the
opinion that the proceedings in joint conven-
tion were proceedings under the rule, and the
whole subject-matter under the rale has there-
fore been brought before the House, and it is
in order to refer it to a special committee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I appeal from that
decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Illinois appeals from the decision
of the Chair. The Chair rules that the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from New York offered
as a substitute for the pending resolutions is in
order. The question npw is, " Shall the decis-
ion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
House?"
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the appeal be
laid on the table.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I demand the yeas
and nays on the motion to lay the appeal on
the table.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to know howl have
been taken off the floor.
The SPEAKER pro 'tempore. The gentle-
man yielded to the gentleman from New York,
who offered, by consent of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, a substitute for the pending
resolutions which was reported by the Clerk.
The resolution having been offered, the gentle-
man from Illinois, upon the right of the Chair,
rose to a point of order. On that point of order
the Chair has ruled, and the gentleman having
taken an appeal, the motion now is on laying
that appeal upon the table, on which the yeas
and nays have been demanded.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a question of order.
I wish to know whether we are to be compelled
to vote on the appeal and on the motion to lay
upon the table before we have before us the
resolutions to which the other is said not to be
germane? I ask that it be read. The substitute
has been read, but the other resolutions have
not.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. They will be
read.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his appeal and point of order until I have
finished my remarks.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will withdraw them
if the substitute is withdrawn until after the
gentleman has concluded his remarks. I must
make the point of order when it is presented.
Mr. LOGAN. It is not very generous of
my colleague to refuse; that is all I have to say.
The resolutions of Mr. Butler, of Massa-
chusetts, as modified yesterday, were again
read.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to have the ori-
ginal resolutions offered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts read. I do not understand that
those just read are before the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is in the
power of the gentleman from Massachusetts to
modify his resolutions at any time before action
has been taken upon them. The Chair under-
stands him to have modified them to the form
in which they have now been rctui.
Mr. GARFIELD. He modified them as part
of his remarks.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The resolu-
tions, as modified, were read yesterday.
Mr. ALLISON. The Globe, I believe, does
not say so.
Mr. BINGHAM. The Globe does say so.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the
motion to lay the appeal on the table.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 131, nays 11, not voting
51; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Delos E. Ashley, James M. Ashley,
Axtell, Baldwin, Banks. Beojamin, Benton, Blaine,
Blair, Boles, Boutwell, Bowen, Bromwell, Buckley,
Benjamin F. Butler, R.oderick B. Butler, Cake,
Churchill, Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Glift,
Cobb-, Cornell, Covode, Cullom, Deweese, Dickey,
Dixon, Doekery, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Ela,
Thotoas D. Eliot, James T. Elliott, Ferries, Ferry,
ffields, French, floss, Gove, Griswold. Halsey, Ham-
ilton, Harding, llaugbey, Hawkins, Henton, Higby,
Ilolman, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester X>. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Hunter, Ingorsoll, Jenckes, Alexander H.
J ones, Judd, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham, Kit-
chen, Laflin, Lash, William Lawrence, Lincoln,
Loughridge, Lynch, JSIa.ynard, McCarthy, MoOor-
mick, McKee, Miller, Moore. Morrell. Mullins.Hew-
sham, Norris, Nunn, O'Neill. Orth, Paine, Perharn,
Peters, Pettis, Pike, Poland, Poineroy, Priee, Prince,
Pruyn, Randall, Raum, Robertson,Roots, Ross. Saw-
yer, Sehenck, Scofield, Shanks, Shellabarger, Smith,
Spalding, Starkweather, Stevens, Stewart, Stokes,
Stover, Sypher, XaiTo. John Trimble, Trowbridge,
Twichcll, Upson, Van Aornam. Burt Van Horn, Rob-
ert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Henry D. "Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Whittcmore, John T. Wilson, Ste-
phen F. Wilson, Windom, Woodbridge, and the
Speaker—131.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Baker, Barnes, Barnum,
Beaman, Beatty, Beck, .Bingham, Boyden, Boyer,
Broomall,Buckland,Cary,Chanler,Eggleston,Farns-
worth, Garfield, Gctz.'Golladav, Grover, Hotohkiss,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Koontz,
George V. Lawrence, Mallory, Moorhead, Mungcn,
Niblack. Nicholson, Phelps, Pile,Plants, Stone, Van
Trump, Thomas Williams, James F. Wilson, Wood,
and Woodward—41.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames,
Anderson, Arnell, Bailey, Blackburn, Brooks, Burr,
Callis, Coburn, Cook, Corley, Dawes, Delano, Dodge,
Edwards, Eldridge, Fox, Glossbrenner, Gravely,
Haight, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hub-
bard, Humphrey, Julian, Loan, Logan, Marshall,
Marvin, MeCullough, Mercur, Morrissey. Myers,
Newcomb. Pierce, Polsley, Robinson, Selye, Sit-
greaves, Taber, Taylor, Thomas, Tift, Lawrenco S.
Trimble, Van Auken, Vidal, Elihu B. .Washburne,
William Williams, and Young—51.
So the appeal was laid on the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now move to lay
tho resolutions on the table.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man's colleague [Mr. Logan] is entitled to the
floor for five miuutes.
Mr. LOGAN. I am very much obliged for
the generosity of my colleague. [Laughter.]
I do not wish to dispute the Speaker, but when
I quit speaking he stated that I was entitled to
nine minutes. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. _ The Chair
stands corrected. The gentleman is entitled to
nine minutes.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, sir, Ihavenocomplaiiat
to make of the course of the House, nor of the
gentlemen who have so kindly taken me off my
feet in the midst of my remarks; but the per-
sistency with which they insisted on sticking
to the point of not allowing me to go on has
somewhat affected my opinions in reference t,o
what I shall do in this case.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentle-
man  '
Mr. LOGAN. I decline to yield any further.
I have never before known an act of generosity
turned into an act, I will not say of unkind-
ness, toward the individual who at first was
disposed to be generous. I have tried to be
generous to everybody. I do not know that I
have received much generosity in return, nor
that I am entitled to any, nor indeed do I care
about that. The position of the question is
such now that it certainly does give evidence
to everybody in this House, to every cool and
calculating mind, that the longer the question
is discussed the more disturbing an element it
becomes in this House. Hence I have con-
cluded that excitement should cease ; I havK
concluded that discussion should cease; and I
believe that the best way and the only proper
way to accomplish that end, as there seems to
be a difficulty about the various propositions
and amendments, is to lay the whole question
on the table, and then let some gentleman offer
a resolution that is disconnected entirely with
this resolution, and let it be passed at some
time, if the House sees proper, or let the matter
be referred to a committee.
1 have come to that conclusion from what I
have seen of the disposition of members here.
There is excitement on both site unneces-
