1148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
garily, I think; but it as the case, and it is un-
avoidable, and there is no other remedy for it.
The first resolution being a resolution of cen-
sure—whether so intended or not—the subse-
quent propositions, the substitutes and amend-
ments, would carry the record with them. The
resolution of censure would stand upon the
record without having been voted down or dis-
posed of, and tke substitute would carry the
same sting with it. ■
Now, 1 know, as the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] says, that he is a
friend of Mr, Wade; he has no reason to cen-
sure him. He has no disposition to censure
him. Hence I say to him, and to everybody
else in this House who has no disposition of
that kind, let the whole matter be laid on the
table, ana then let us take up the subject in
a proper way, unconnected with a resolution
of censure, and then you will get out of the
difficulty without charging any one with having
intentionally done wrong.
I said that I would not argue the constitu-
tional and legal question. I am only reason-
ing in reference to our duty under the circum-
stances. Now, what right have we to censure
Mr. Wade? I mean, what justice would there
be in it? What wrong was intended to be per-
petrated on this House or on the privileges of
this House either by the President of the Sen-
ate or by the Speaker of this House?
Mr. WARD. Will the gentleman answer
me a question ?
Mr. LOGAN. I decline to yield.
Mr. WARD. I desire to ask tbe gentleman
whether a motion to lay this subject upon the
table without further debate would not be a
violation of his own deliberate agreement not
to make that motion ?
Mr. LOGAN. Now, that is the kind of
ireatment I have received from gentlemen
while I have been speaking. I will say to the
gentleman from New York that yesterday I gave
thirty minutes of my time to other gentlemen,
and to-day I was asked if I would not give
more of my time, and I did so. Then I was
asked if I would move to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table, and I said I would not, be-
cause I wished to give the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Ward] and my colleague
from Illinois [Mr. Bromwell] a chance to
speak, inasmuch as the Speaker was disposed
to give them the floor. But inasmuch as gen-
tlemen have taken me off my feet, and have
not given me the same privileges on the floor
that I have given to other gentlemen, I am
disposed to take my own course in the matter
without reference to the dictation of anybody.
Now I yield no farther.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope the lex talionis
will not prevail here.
Mr. WARD. I rise to a point of order. I
wish to know whether it is ever in order for a
man from the State of New York to speak, or
is it always in order for the floor to be monop-
olized by others. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
does not entertain that as a point of order.
Mn LOGAN. Now, if I can be permitted
to finish my remarks I will be very much
obliged. I will say to the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Ward] that it is certainly out of
order for New York to be heard when it is not
in order for New York to speak, as he himself
evidenced here a moment since.
_ Now, I desire to say that I have no right to
give a warning to the House, or to dictate to
/the House. But as a member of the House
I have a right to appeal to the members of this
House, and I do ask them to reflect, as cool,
honorable, just men, who would not know-
ingly wrong anybody. And I now ask them,
as Representatives of the people, to lay this
whole subject on the table. And I now make
that motion.
I he question was upon the motion to lay on
the table. J
Mr. PILE. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. BROMWELL. I would like to ask my
colleague [Mr. Logan] a.questiou.
Mr. BINGHAM. X object j it is too late.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The pending
motion to lay on the table is not debatable.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask that the original reso-
lutions, together with the proposed substitute,
be read.
The resolutions submitted by Mr. Butler,
of Massachusetts, as modified by him on yes-
terday, were read as follows :
Resolved, That the House protests against the
manner of procedure and the order of the President
of the Senate pro tempore, in presence of the two
Houses, in counting the vote of Georgia in obedience
to the order of the Senate only* and against his acts
dissolving the convention and the two Houses at bis
own wiil as an invasion of the rights and privileges
of this House.
Resolved, That the above resolution be, and hereby
is, referred to a select committee of five, with leave
to report at any time, and report by bill or other-
wise.
The substitute proposed by Mr. Kelsey was
read, as follows:
Resolved, That the subject of an amendment of
the joint rules governing the convention of the two
Houses of Congress for the purpose of counting
electoral votes for President and Vice President of
the United States be referred to a select committee
of five, with power to report by bill or otherwise at
any time.
The question was then taken upon the mo-
tion to lay on the table ; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 180, nays 55, not voting
38} as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, James M.Ashley,
Baker, Barnes, Barnum, Beaman, Beatty. Beck, Ben-
jamin, Bingham, Blaine, Bowen, Boyden, Boyer,
Broomall, Buckland, Buckley, Burr, Roderick R.
Butler, Cake,Callis, Cary,Chanler, Churchill,Reader
W. Clarke, Cobb, Coburn. Cornell, Dawes, Deweese,
Dixon, Dockery, Dodge,Eckley, Eggleston, James T.
Elliott, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Perry, Garfield, Getz,
Glossbrenner, Griswold.Halsey, Haughey, Hawkins,
Heaton, Holman, Hooper, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard,Hulburd, Hunter, Jenckes, Johnson,
Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Kolloy, Kellogg, Kerr,
Ketcham, Kitchen, Knott. Koontz, Laflin, Lash,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln,
Logan, Loughridge, Mallory, Marvin,McCarthy, Mc-
Cormick, Miller, Moore, Moohead, Morrell, New-
comb. Newsham, Niblack, Nicholson, Norris, Nunn,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pettis, Phelps,
Pilo, Plants, Poland, Polsley, JPomeroy, Price, Pruyn,
Randall, Raum, Robertson, Sawyer, Scofield, Sheila-
barger, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Stewart,
Stokes, Stone, Taylor, Thomas, Twichell, Upson,
Van Aernam, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Van
Trump, Cadwalader C. Washburn, WilliamB. Wash-
bum, Welker, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Wood, Woodbridge, Woodward, and the Speaker—130.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Delos R. Ashley, Axtell,
Baldwin, Banks, Benton, Boutwell,Bromwell, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Sidney Clarke, Clift, Corley, Cullom,
Dickey, Donnelly, Driggs, Ela, Eldridge, Thomas D.
Eliot, Fields, Golladay, Goss, Gove, Grover, Haight,
Hamilton,Higby, IngersolJ,Thomas L. Jones, Julian,
Kelsey, Lynch, Marshall, Maynard,McKee, Muliins,
Mungen,Pierce,Pike, Prince, Roots, Ross, Schenck,
Shanks, Stevens, Stover, Sypher, Taffe, John Trim-
ble, Trowbridge, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck,
Ward. Henry 1). Washburn, and Whiftcmorc—56.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arnell,
Bailey, Blackburn, Blair, Boles, Brooks, Cook, Co-
vode,Delano,Edwards, Fox, French, Gravely, Hard-
ing, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, RichardD. Hubbard,
Humphrey, Loan, McCullough, Mercur, Morrissey,
Myers, Robinson, Selye, Sitgreaves, Taber, Tift,
Lawrenco S. Trimble, Vidal, Elihu B. Washburne,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, Stephen F.
Wilson, "Windom, and Young—38.
So the motion to lay the resolutions and
proposed substitute on the table was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. HALSEY said: My colleague, [Mr.
Hill,] has been called home on account of the
death of a friend. If he were here he would
doubtless vote "ay."
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote just taken; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that motion I call
for the yeas^nd nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were seventeen in
the affirmative.
Before the noes were counted,
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers ; and there were twenty-five in the affirm-
ative.
So,(tke affirmative being more than one fifth
of aquoruin)tcliers.wereorderedj andM.r, Ei4>-
ridge and Mr. Farnsworth were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes thirty-two_, noes
not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the. affirmative—yeas 129, nays 41, not vot-
ing 53; as follows-1
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
James M.Ashley, Baker, Barnes, Barnum, Beaman,
Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine, Boles,
Boutwell, Boyden, Boyer, Broomall, Buckland,
Buckley,Burr, Roderick R.Butler,Cake, Callis. Cary,
Chanler, Churchill, Cobb, Cornell, Cullom, Dawes,
Deweese, Dixon, Dockery, Dodge, Eckley, Thomas
D. Eliot, James T. Elliott, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Ferry, Fields, Garfield, Getz, Glossbrenner, Gris*
wold, Haughey, Hawkins, Heaton, Holman, Hooper,
Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Hunter, Jenckes, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones,
Judd, Kelley, Kerr, Ketcham, Kitchen, Knott,
Koontz, Laflin, Lash, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge, Mallory, Marvin,
McCarthy, McCormick, McKee, Miller, Moore, Moor-
head, Morrell, Nibiack, Nicholson, Norris, Nunn,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pettis, Phelps, Pile,
Plants, Poland, Polsey,Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn, Ran-
dall, Raum, Robertson, Sawyer, Scofield, Sheila-
barger, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Stewart,
Stokes, Stone, Taylor, Thomas, Twichell, Upson,
Van Aernam, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Van
Trump, Vidal, Cadwalader C.Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, James F.
Wilson, John T. Wilson, Wood, Woodbridge, Wood-
ward, and the Speaker—129.
NAYS—M-essrs. Archer, Axtell, Baldwin, Benton,
Blair, Bromwell, Benjamin F. Butler, Sidney Clarke,
Corley, Dickey, Donnelly, Driggs. Eldridge, Golla-
day, Goss, Gove, Grover, Haight, Hamilton, Higby,
Ingersoll, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Kelsey, Mul-
lins, Mungen, Neweomb, Newsham, Pike, Roots,
Ross, Schenck, Shanks, Stevens, Stover, Sypher.
John Trimble, Trowbridge, Robert T. Van Horn, Van
Wyck, and Whittemore—41.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arnell,
Bailey, Banks, Blackburn, Bowen, Brooks, Reader
W. Clarke, Clift, Coburn, Cook, Covode, Delano,
Edwards, Eggleston, Ela, Fox, French, Gravely,
Halsey.Hardincr, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, Jtichard
D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Kellogg, Lincoln, Loan,
Lynch, Marshall, Maynard, McCullough, Mercur,
Morrissey, Myers, Peters, Pierce, Prince, Robinson,
Selye, Sitgreaves, Taber, Taffe, Tift, Lawrence S.
Trimble, Ward, JGlihu B. Washburne, Henry D.
Washburn, William Williams, Stephen F. Wilson,
Windom, and Young—53.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
railroad *\r051 washington to new york.
The SPEAKER. The House now resumes
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 621)
to authorize the building of a military and postal
railway from Washington, District of Columbia,
to the city of New York. The consideration
of this bill was interrupted by the meeting of
the joint convention on last Wednesday, and by
the resolutions growing out of the occurrences
in the convention. The pending question was
upon the passage of the bill, on which the
gentleman from New York [Mr. McCarthy]
called the previous question and the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. kerr] the yeas and nays.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, which was upon the
passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 54, not voting
69 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley,
Banks, Barnes, Beaman, Beatty, Benton, Bingham,
Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Bromwell, Buckland, Buck-
ley, Cake, Callis, Sidney Clarke, Clift, Cobb, Coburn,
Corley, Cornell, Covode, Cullom, Deweese, Dockery,
Donnelly, Driggs. Eckley, Edwards, Ela, Thomas D.
Eliot, James T. Elliott, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry,
Fields, French, Garfield, Goss, Hamilton, Haughey,
Heaton, Higby, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelsey,
Lash, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lo-
gan, Lynch, Mallory, McCarthy, McKee, Miller,
Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins, Neweomb, Norris,
Nunn, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pettis, Pierce, Pike,
Pile, Plants,Polsley, Raum,Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Starkweather, Stokes, Stover, Sypher,
John Trimble. Upson, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van
Horn, Vidal, Ward, Cadwalader C.Washburn, Henry
D. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, William
Williams, John 1. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Windom—99.
NAYS— Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Baker, Baldwin,
Barnum, Beck, Benjamin, Boyer, Broomall, Burr,
Benjamin F. Butler, Cary, Chanler, Dawes, Eldridge,
Getz, Golladay, Grover, Haight, Halsey, Hawkins,
Holman, Chester D. Hubbard. Hunter, Thomas L.
Jones, Kelley, Kitchen, Knott,Laflin, Marshall, Mar-
vin, Maynard, McCormick, Moore, Nibiack, Nich-
olson, O'Neill, Phelps, Poland, Price, Pruyn,-Ran-
