1900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
This would transfer the greater portion of
the reservation to actual settlers on such terms
as would induce competition and a high price.
I believe that uader such a sale the surplus
lands would average over twenty dollars per
acre. The Government is now in possession
of the whole reservation, as stated by General
Sherman. I ask that the rules be suspended
so as to allow a consideration of the joint res-
olution at this time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 50, nays 95, not voting
77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bailey. Bowen, Broomall, Roderick
R. Butler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cliffc,
Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Jamea T. Elliott, Farns-
worth, Ferriss, Garfield, Gove, Higby, Hill, Chester
D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, .lenekes, Julian,
Kelsey, Koontz, Laflin, Loan, Mallory, Marvin,
Maynard, Mercur, Miller, Morrell, Mullins, Myers,
Morris, O'Neill, Pettis, Poland, Price, Robertson,
Roots, Sawyer, Seofield, Taffe, Twichell,Upson, Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Whittemore, and
Windom—50.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames. Archer. Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Barnes, Barnum,
Beaman, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Benton. Bingham,
Boyden. Bromwell, Buckland, Buckley, Burr, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Cary, Chanler, Cobb, Coburn, Cor-
nell, Cuilom, Delano, Dewecsc, Dixon, Dockery,
Eggleston. Thomas D. Eliot, Ferry, Fields, Fox,
French Glossbrenner, _ Wolladay, Goss, Gravely,
Grover, Harding, Hawkins, Holman, Hooper. Hop-
kins, Ilotchkiss, Ingersoll, Johnson, Judd, Kelley,
Kerr, K erch am. Kitchen, Knott, Lash, George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan, Mc-
Carthy, McCormick, McCullough, Moore, Newcomb,
Newsham.Niblack,Nicholson, Orth,Paiue, Peiharn,
Plants, Ross, Shanks. Shellabarger, Sitgreaves,
Spalding, Stokes, Tift, John Trimble, Lawrence S.
Trimble, Trow bridge. Van Auken, Van Trump, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, William Williams, Ste-
phen F. Wilson, Wood, Woodward, and Young—95.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Axtell, Banks, Blackburn, Blaine, Blair,
Boles,Boutwell, Boyer, Brooks,Cake. Callis, Church-
ill, Colfax, Cook, Corley, Covode, Dawes, Dickey,
Kckley, Edwards, Ela, Eldridge, Getz, Griswold,
Htiighr, Ha3spy, Ha.milton, Haughey. Heaton, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Alex-
ander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Kellogg, Lough-
ridge. Lynch, Marshall, McKee. Moorhead, Morris-
Key, Mungen, Nunn, Peters, Phelps, Pierce, Pike,
Pile, Poisley, Prince, Pruyn, Randall, Raum, Rob-
inson, Schcnck, Selye, Smith, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stewart, Stone, Stover, Sypher, Taber, Taylor,
Thomas, Van Aeniam, Van Wyck, Vidal, Elihu B.
Washhurne, Thomas Williams, James F. Wilson,
John T. Wilson, and Woodbridge—-77.
So the rules were not suspended.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that that body had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 2007) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1870.
enrolled bills and joint resolution.
Mi. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
tliey had examined and found duly enrolled
bills and jointresolution of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 1672) making appropri-
ations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1870;
An act (H. R. No. 1911) making appropri-
ations to supply deficiencies in the appropri-
ations for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1869, and for
other purposes;
An act (H. H. N5. 1803) making appropri-
ations for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1870, and for other purposes ;
Au act (H. R. No. 1881) regulating the
reports of national banking associations; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 280) for the
relief Mrs. Ella E. Hobart.
message fro31 the president.
A message from the President, by Mr.
Moore, his Private Secretary, announced that
the President had approved and signed bills
and joint resolutions of the following titles:
An act (II. R. No. 425) for the relief of
Mary A. Filler;
An act (H. R. No. 1867) for the relief of
the Illinois Iron and Bolt Company;
An act (H. R. No. 209) to authorize the
Secretary of War to place at the disposal of
the National Lincoln Monument Association
at Springfield, Illinois, damaged and captured
ordnance;
An act (H. R. No. 1279) in relation to addi-
tional bounties, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 1758) to incorporate the
Masonic Mutu^J Relief Association of the Dis-
trict of Columbia;
An act (H. R. No. 1063) for the relief of
Henry Barricklow;
An act (H. R. No. 1973) in reference to Cer-
tifying checks by national banks;
An act (H. R. No. 1879) for the relief of
certain companies of scouts and guides organ-
ized in Alabama;
An act (H. R. No. 1344) to confirm certain
private land claims in the Territory of New
Mexico;
An act (H. R. No. 1930) granting a pension
to Madge K. Guthrie and Robert B. Guthrie;
An act (H. R. No. ) granting a pension
to Lemuel Barthalow;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 211) for the
relief of Henry S. Gibbons, Luther McNeal,
and Seth M. Gates;
An act (H. R. No. 1041) granting the right
of way to the Walla-Walla and Columbia River
Railroad Company;
An act (H. R. No. 1804) to establish abridge
across the East river, between the cities of
Brooklyn and New York, in the State of New
York;
An act (H. R. No. 5G8) explanatory of the
act entitled "An act declaring the title to land
warrants in certain cases ;"
An act (H. li. No. 1989) for the relief of
Peter McGough, collector of internal revenue
and disbursing agent, twentieth district Penn-
sylvania ;
An act (H. R. No. 1570) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th
June, 1870, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 112) relating to captures
made by Admiral Farragut's fleet in the Mis-
sissippi river in May, 1862;
An act (H. R. No. 1327) to amend an act
entitled "An act to exempt certain manufac-
tures from internal tax, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 31, 1868;
An act(H. R. No. 1877) for the relief of the
heirs and legal representatives of Charles C.
Cook, deceased;
An-act (H. R. No. 1204) to confirm certain
land claims in the State of Missouri;
An act (H. R. No. 596) granting a pension
to Mary A. Davis, widow of William E. Davis,
a private of the eighteenth regiment of Indiana
volunteers in the war of 1861;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 438) relative to
certain purchases by the Interior Department;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 466) donating
condemned cannon and muskets for the Mc-
Pherson monument: and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 468) authorizing
the Union Pacific Railway Company, eastern
division, to change its name to the Kansas
Pacific Railway Company.
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
Mr. SPALDING submitted the following
privileged report, and demanded the previous
question on its adoption :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 5007) making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1870, and for other purposes, hav ing
met, after full and tree conference, have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 7. 8,9,15, 26, 32, 34, 37,47, and 48.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered 1,2, 3,4, 5,
6,10,11,12,13,14,15,17,19, 20, 21, 22, 24, 25. 27, 28, 29.
30, 31, 33, 35, 36,39,40, 41,42,43,14,45, and 46; and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighteenth amendmentof the Senate and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: m line
nine of said amendment, after the word "paid"
insert "and no liability incurred;" and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-third amendmentof the Senateand agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: strike
out of said amendment the word " fifty " and insert
in lieu the word " twenty-five."
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the thirty-eighth amendment
of the Senate and agree to the same with an amend-
ment, as follows: at the end of said amendment
add the following words, "provided that the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury shall review the
said claim upon its merits and allow only so much,
not exceeding said sum, as shall be just;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
L. M. MORRILL,
GEORGE F. D-VIUNDS,
JAMES HARLAN,
Managers on the 'part o/ the Senate.
R. P. SPALDING,
H. H. STARKWEATHER,
S. S. MARSHALL,
Managers on the part of the f fouse.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
attending inauguration ceremonies.
Mr. SCHENCK. by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
Resolved, That when the hour of twelve m. arrives
and this House is adjourned and dissolved the mem-
bers will proceed in a body, headed by the Speaker
and other officers of tills House, to the Senate Cha m-
ber, to attend theecreriionies of the inauguration of
the President and Vice President-elect.
pension papers withdrawn'.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, asked and
obtained leave to withdraw from the files of
the House, without, leaving copies, the papers
in the cases of Elizabeth Hoekaday, Nancy
Hix, Sarah Bary, Colonel Patton, Captain
Grisham, Captain Taylor, W. J. Byrd, Melinda
Herman, and McHenry Bray, for pensions.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had adopted a resolution directing that
a committee consisting of two members be
appointed to join such committee as may be
appointed by the House of Representatives to
wait upon the President of the United States
and inform him that unless he have some fur-
ther communication to make the two Houses
of Congress, having finished the business be-
fore them, are ready to adjourn ; and that Mr.
Sherman and Mr. Wiiyte had been appointed
said committee on the part of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The House has heard the
message from the Senate. If no objection be
made the Chair will appoint a similar commit-
tee on the part of the House.
No objection was made.
The SPEAKER accordingly appointed Mr
Griswoi.d, Mr. Poland, and Mr. Kerr the
committee on the part of the House.
enrolled rill, etc., signed.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill and a joint
resolution of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 2007) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1870, and
for other purposes ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 239) more effi-
ciently to protect the fur-seal of Alaska.
abbot q. ross.
Mr. FERRY. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table for consideration
at this time Senate bill No. 845, for the relief
of Abbot Q. Ross.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read ; after
which the Chair will ask for objection.
The bill was read. It authorizes and re-
quires the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Abbot Q. Ross, of Cleves, Ohio, out of any
