198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
and unstable and unreliable as a circulating
medium how much more unreliable is a paper
currency based upon a metallic coinage, and
especially when the volume of paper money is
increased five or teu fold beyond the amount
of coin available for its redemption ? A bank
note promising to pay gold is a cheat and
deception. It answers a very good purpose as
long as payment is not demanded, and is toler-
able only because a poor currency is better
than noue. If the gold is withdrawn by for-
eign demand, or the holders of any consider-
able amount of its issues present them for
redemption, the bank necessarily closes its
doors. It is not possible that a currency legal-
ized as representing coin, when there is not a
dollar in coin lor every promise to pay a dol-
lar, can be stable, uniform, and adequate to
the purposes of exchange and payments. The
oft-repeated experiments, with their disastrous
failures, demonstrate that paper money based
on coin is a fraud and swindle. As the value
of money is wholly extrinsic from the material
of which it is coined, and is purely legal or
representative, it should be made of some sub-
stance that is chcap, portable, "light, and not
easily counterfeited. As a deed for a farm
written on paper is just as good as if on parch-
ment or as if engraven on a plate of gold, so
apiece ol paper which the Government has
stamped and declaied to be ten dollars, and
which it will receive in payment of taxes or
duties, and which is a legal tender for ten
dollars, will buy a barrel of flour as well as
a gold eagle. The latter is more valuable for
watch cases and rings, but as money they are
of equal legal value. The yardstick is a meas-
ure of length and it is of no moment what
its material if it is three feet long. A pound
weight is a measure of quantity, and if it
weighs a pound who cares whether its mate-
rial is gold, iron, or lead? A dollar is a
measure of value, and if stamped by national
authority, and is at all times worth a dollar in
the purchase of property, in payment of taxes
and debts of every kind, it may be made of
gold, silver, paper, or any other convenient
substance. Treasury certificates such as are
proposed by my bill being a legal tender for
all purposes, would constitute a uniform and
stable currency, and, like gold, would be re-
deemed in any property for sale within the
limits of the Republic. When a person wishes
to travel abroad or purchase goods in other
countries he must provide himself with what-
ever commodities he can best exchange for the
legal tender of the country to which he goes;
it may be the productions of the farm, the man-
ufactory, or the mine. Our Government does
not and cannot, guaranty that its gold and sil-
ver coinage will be received in exchange or
payment outside its own jurisdiction. Treasurv
certificates coined by the Government would
be a fixed, uniform, adequate, stable, perma-
nent, safe, in exportable national curroncy,
and being secured upon the entire property of
the nation would be an unexceptionable legal
tender while the Government endures.
While the legal value of a gold dollar is
always the same, the sudden withdrawal of one
half the amount in circulation by foreign de-
mand reduces the exchangeable values of all
the pioducts of labor, involving producers in
a loss which they could not sustain with an
equable, uniform, inexportablecurrency. What
we desire is but one currency, and that ba^ed
upon the entire national wealth, which is sub-
stantial, and not upon a few millions of gold,
which of all earthly things is the most unstable,
shifting, and evanescent. When the legal-tender
or greenback law was passed many who voted
for it did so only because the emergencies of
the hour demanded it, and with a full convic-
tion that on the restoration of peace a return
to the old order of things would be possible.
The people acquiesced for the same reason,
although they had so often suffered from irre-
deemable bank issues that they had strong
jv-judices ag.tinst. all kinds of paper money.
The greenback, though imperfect in form, has
educated the people to believe that a paper
money can be made as safe as gold, and ade-
quate to the demands of internal trade and
commerce; a money ofundoubted credit, which
will expand and contract with the expansion
and contraction of trade. They believe that
with an ample supply of such money it would
not be in the power of gold gamblers, bankers,
and usurers to make currency plenty or scarce
as their cupidity might dictate. Middle men
who have capital could not so readily form
"rings'' and determine what price the farmer
should receive for his produce, and what the
consumer should pay for the necessaries of
life.
The fundamental mistake in the legal-tender
act was that greenbacks were not receivable
for custom duties and for all other purposes.
These exceptions have placed the Government
and people too much at the mercy of Wall
street, that great national gambling hell, which
should be cleaned out as effectually as Christ
emptied the ancient temple of gold gamblers.
This cleansing process would be effected by
making gold 111 law what it is in fact, a com-
modity.
By the provisions of my bill national bank
notes are called in and canceled and their
places necessarily supplied with actual money.
This disposes of those despotic institutions,
which are a powerful element in controlling
elections in the interest of capitalists. The
despotism of an organized money power is as
cruel and iuexoiable as was.ever African sla-
very.
By the withdrawal of the national bank cur-
rency, and the immediate payment of the bonds
now redeemable in lawful money, the volume
ot currency would not be as great as when the
contraction scheme was inaugurated, and would
then be insufficient for the absolute needs of
productive industry. When other bonds are
redeemable pay them in the same maimer, or
if the holders prefer give them other bonds
drawing an interest of not more than three per
cent., and convertible into lawful money on
presentation at the Treasury. The money
should in likemannerbe convertible into bonds
in sums of not less than $100. This converti-
bility principle will give that elasticity or flex-
ibility to the circulation which banks of issue
are supposed to give. When there is a plethora
of currency, a supply beyond the requirements
of business, it will be changed into interest-
bearing bonds, and at seasons of the year when
wheat, corn, cotton, tobacco, and other pro-
ductions arc to be exchanged the bonds would
be converted into money. Will any member
on this floor undertake to say that a currency
based upon the entire wealth of the nation,
receivable for all purposes as a legal tender,
and which can be converted in an hour into an
interest-bearing security, will or can depreciate?
By this convertibility clause and fixing the
rate of interest Congress will perform an im-
perative constitutional duty which it has never
undertaken to discharge, namely, "regulate
the value of money."
The value of money is determined by the
rate of interest which it accumulates. "The
rate of interest on money determines what
proportion of the joint earnings of capital and
labor shall go to each. As capital is only
accumulated labor, it is plain that if it receives
a greater interest, than the increase of wealth
by production, labor is robbed of its just reward,
and is in a state of vassalage. Taking agricul-
ture as a safe basis of calculation, it will be
found that our national wealth has increased
in a long series of years a fraction over three
per cent, per annum compounded. This ena-
bles us to fix a rate of interest which labor can
pay without exhaustion. The interest which
money commands determines the rent which
the poor man must pay, and the wages he must
receive for his labor.
At the present time, the Government being
a borrower of money at an interest largely in
excess of the growth of wealth by productive
industry, and thereby fixing a still higher rate
of interest on capital not invested in Govern-
ment bonds, the results are that no houses for
laborers are being built, but they are being
crowded closer and closer together in uncom-
fortable apartments at exorbitant rents. Few
men will be guilty of the financial folky of
erecting tenements for workingmen, or Build-
ing manufactories, or opening ujyfarmaf when
they can make more by putting th'ei ^surplus
in bonds and be relieved from the annoyance
of superintending employ6s, paying taxes and
insurance, and collecting rents. If money is
scarce and high the farmer gets less for his
produce, the laborer receives less wages and
pays more for his bread, because the interven-
ing capitalist determines what the producer
shall receive and the consumer pay. Rows
of stone-front, buildings in our cities are oftener
evidences of how labor has been swindled out
of its honest dues than of the frugality and
industry of their own owners.
With money ata rate of interest correspond-
ing to the growth of wealth by production,
overgrown fortunes without labor would be
few. Those who sow will reap, and many
of those who are living by their wits will be
turned into manufactories and workshops and
upon farms to earn their bread by their own
labor.
The system proposed by my bill cannot be
controlled by capitalists. The machine is
self-regulating, and could not be run by banks
but by the people. They determine for them-
selves whether or not there is an ample supply
of money. With our boundless undeveloped
resources, our rapidly increasing population,
our many young States and others in embryo
rapidly maturing, who can doubt that every
live-twenty and ten-forty bond will be needed
in money as soon as redeemable. Thus an
overtaxed and an unequally-taxed people will
be delivered from bondage, and the army of
tax gatherers, informers, and spies, many of
them fattening upon spoils obtained by dis-
honest practices, can be mustered out of ser
vice.
I see no other way out of our financial diffi-
culties except, by repudiation, and every hon-
est man shudders at the idea of such a dread
alternative. Peace has its necessities as well
as war, and he gives evidence of insanity who
believes that such a debt as ours, contracted
in a paper currency, will be paid in coin. The
claim of the holders of the five-twenty bonds
that they must be paid in gold, is unjust, dis-
honest, and insolent, and if persisted in will
peril their whole debt by weakening the sense
of moral obligation on the part of those who
by hard labor must pay the national indebted-
ness.
By the plain provisions of the law the five-
twenty bonds are payable in legal-tender notes,
and to ask payment in gold is to treat the law
as a nullity, and set an example of bad faith
and lawlessness, which an outraged people
will not be slow to follow, if we take the
estimates of t|ie expenses of the different de-
partments of the Government for the ensuing
year, including interest on the public debt,
pensions, &c., and compare these with the
probable amount to be realized from tariff and
internal revenue laws, the result will not. be
very encouraging to the advocates of resump-
tion of specie payments and gold bonds.
If greenbacks sustained our armies in the
field, enabled the Government to crush out a
gigantic rebellion and overthrow African
slavery, may not the lessons we have learned
enaole us to inaugurate a monetary system
winch will emancipate labor from the cruel
exactions and tyranny of capital, and make
white as well as black men free. By the adop-
tion of this system we shall be an independent
people, and stand unshaken and undisturbed
by the political and financial convulsions of
Europe. We will so stimulate production and
open up new and profitable fields of enterprise
that, with or without tariff laws, we will soon
call upon other countries to settle their balances
with us.
Now is the auspicious time to establish an
American monetary system. Oppressed with
an enormous debt: our resources taxed to the
