1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IUI
two or three amendments were made which
seemed to be inconsistent with that, but the in-
dependence of this branch of the Government
as a separate department has already been
agreed to by the Committee of the Whole, and
we are now making these amendments to con-
form to that action.
Mr. BECK. All I desire is that if we adopt
these amendments now it shall be with the
understanding that they shall be stricken out
if the House should hereafter reject the proposi-
tion for the establishment of a department of
internal revenue.
Mr.' SCHENCK. Certainly; the different
parts of the bill must be made to conform.
Mr. BECK. Then I withdraw my objection.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I ask that these
amendments shall be made so as to conform to
the first section, subject to be struck out here-
after if the decision heretofore made by the
committee upon the first section should be
reversed.
The amendment of Mr. Schenck was then
agreed to.
Mr. SCHENGK. I desire to offer an amend-
ment which was overlooked the other night.
It is to amend the committee's amendment by
inserting after the word "process," in the
twenty-seventh line of the sixth section, the
words, "or of any building occupied as the
place of business of a liquor dealer; " so that
the clause will read:
The notice shall also state the number of hours in
which the distiller will ferment each tub of mash or
beer, the estimated quantity of distilled spirits which
the apparatus is capable of distilling every twenty-
four hours, and the names and residence of every
person interested or to be interested in the business,
and that said distillery and the premises connected
therewith are not within six hundred feet of any
premises authorized to be used for rectifying or re-
lining distilled spirits by any process, or of any
building occupied as the place of business of a liquor
dealer.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to offer another
amendment, carrying out the arrangement we
have already agreed upon. I move to amend
by striking out the words "Secretary of the
Treasury," in the second line of section fifty-
three of the amendment, and inserting in lieu
thereof the words " Commissioner of Internal
Revenue."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. Imove, on pageG4, section
fifty-four, line twelve, to strike out the words
'' Secretary of the Treasury'' andin lieu thereof
insert "Commissioner of Internal Revenue."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move, on page 65, section
fifty-five, line four, to strike out " thirty" and
insert " twenty ;" so it will read as follows :
Sec. 55. And be it further enacted. That alcohol and
rum may be exported with the privilege of drawback
in Quantities not less than two thousand gallons, and
in packages containing not less than twenty gallons
each, on application of the owner thereof to the
collector of customs at any port of entry, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move, on page. 65, lines
nine and ten, section fifty-five, to strike out
"Secretary of the Treasury" and insert "Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move, on page 66, line
forty-seven, section fifty-five, to strike out
" Secretary of the Treasury" and insert"Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue."
■ The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move, on page 67, lines
fifty and fifty-one, section fifty-five, to strike
out "Secretary of the Treasury" and insert
"Commissioner of Internal Revenue."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move, on page 07, lines
seventy-one and seventy-two, to strike out
"time at which this acfshall take effect" and
insert "20th day of July, 1868."-
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move, on page 68, lines
eight and nine, section—, to strike out "for a
period of more than nine months after the
passage of this act" and insert "on or before
the 20th day of April, 1869."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move, on page 68, line
seven, section fifty-six, to strike oat "passage
of this act" and insert "20th day of July,
1868."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move, on page 68, line
eight, after the word "any" to insert "such
so it will read "in any such bonded ware-
house."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move, on page 68, lines
twelve and thirteen, section fifty-six, to strike
out the words "under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move, on page 69, sec-
tion fifty-seven, line four, to strike out "at the
time when this act takes effect" and insert " on
the 20th day of July, 1869, and who shall not
have complied in all respects with the provis-
ions of section fifty-seven of the act imposing
a tax on distilled spirits and tobacco, and for
other purposes, approved at such date."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move, on page 70, lines
twenty-two and twenty-three, section fifty-
seven, to strike out "here engrave the date
when this act takes effect" and insert "July
20, 1868."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BECK. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means whether
section fifty-six will be open to amendment
after he has disposed of his amendments?
Mr. SCHENCK. It will. I move, on page
70, lines thirty-eight and thirty-nine, section
fifty-seven, to strike out "thirty days from the
time."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move, on page 71, line
forty-four, section fifty-seven, after the word
"section" to insert "or of the fifty-seventh
section of said act of the 20th of July, 1868."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move, on page 71, line
forty-seven, section fifty-seven, to strike out
'1 this " and insert " said."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLEY. I understand from the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means that
amendments will not be receivable until these
formal amendments of the committee have
been disposed of.
Mr. SCHENCK. It was agreed to take up
distilled spirits first after the amendments of
the committee have been disposed of; then
the sections will be open for general amend-
ment, and after we have disposed of that sub-
ject we can then take up fermented liquors
and tobacco.
I have now a longer amendment which I pro-
pose, before it is read, to explain a little, as it
will be best understood, perhaps, in that way.
I propose to strike out from the beginning of
section fifty-nine down to line eighty-four, in-
clusive, and insert what 1 will send to the Chair.
I have put all the amendments into one for con-
venience. The first change I propose is that in-
stead of requiring, as now, that distillers produc-
ing one hundred barrels or less, counting forty
gallons of proof spirits as abarrel, shall pay $400,
it be let down for smaller distillers, so that for
distillers producing fifty barrels or less it shall
be $200, or half the amount; bringingthe num-
ber of barrels down to fifty and the amount of
special tax down to $200 instead of §400. Then
there is an amendment inserting the words
"mixing and compounding," to correspond
with the other parts of the bill, so as to put
compounders on the same footing asrectifiers.
Then there is another interlineation in the sec-
tion which will make it read as follows: ,
Every person who reotifies, purifies, or refinesdis-
tilled spirits or wines by any process other than of
original and continuous distillation of mash, wort,
orwash through continuous closed vessels and pipes
until the distillation is complete. See.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue de-
cided at first, after the passage of the act last
summer, that the moment you converted liquor
into high wine, if you went on with the doub-
lers until you accomplished the making of
good Bourbon or rye whisky out- of it, you
were not to wait and impose the tax upon the
other liquor that might be made by completing
the process of distillation, but the tax mustbfe
levied when the first' part of the process was
complete. This opinion of the Commissioner
was afterward abandoned upon tin opinion
given by the Attorney General, so that Bourbon
whisky is protected now in Kentucky and other
parts of the country. But still whisky made
by what is called the American still, a wooden
or copper still with a doubler and two tanks,
is considered as a successive process of manu-
facture different from the original process. We
have amended the law at another point and
propose to do it here, in the description of
what shall constitute rectification, so as to take
away all pretense of that kind, and to make it
so that the tax shall attach to the liquor when
the process of manufacturing that particular
kind of liquor is completed. If they are mak-
ing Bourbon or the finer kind of whisky,
therefore, they shall have the permission of
going on with the doubling until the process is
complete before the tax is levied. And this
applies to all kinds of distillers. In other
words, the tax, in the language of the law, at-
taches the moment the spirit is separated from
the sugar or starch and becomes vaporized.
But, although the tax becomes a lien then,
it is not to be measured or levied until the
process of distillation is entirely complete.
This product of favorite kinds of whisky is thus
divided into two parts, as it were, the tax being
levied when the first part of the process only
is complete. Therefore when we come to the
rectifying we say, " every person who rectifies,
purifies, or refines distilled spirits or wines by
any process other than by original and custom-
ary distillation from mash, wort,or wash through
continuous closed vessels and pipes until the
distillation is complete," &c., is not to be
regarded as a rectifier if it is only a continuous
process of rectification, but that is distillation.
Then we propose to strike out the words
" shall be regarded as a rectifier," and to bring
in what follows relating to compounders of
liquors, so that every person who mixes spirits
of wine and other liquor with any other mate-
rials, or who shall manufacture any spurious
or compound liquors under the name of whisky,
brandy, gin, rum, wine, spirits, cordials, or-
wine bitters, or any other name, shall be re-
garded as a rectifier. We have been driven to
that by discovering that as soon as^we under-
take to regulate rectifiers under the - present
law who come within six hundred feet of dis-
tilleries for the purpose of evading the tax,
every rectifier becomes a compounder of liquor.
And now we propose that compounders of
liquors, those who do what is done by com-
pounders ofliquors, shall be called "rectifiers.''
With this explanation I ask the Clerk to read
the amendment.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows;
Page 71, strike out from section fifty-nine down to
lino eighty-four, inclusive, on page 16, and insert the
following:
Distillers producingfifty barrels or less of distilled
spirits, counting forty gallons of proof spirits to the
barrel, within the year, shall each pay $200; and if
producing more than fifty barrels, shall pay in addi-
tion four dollars for each such barrel produced in
excess of fifty barrels. And monthly returns ot the
number of barrels of spirits, as before described, dis-
tilled by him, shall be made by each distiller in the
same manner as monthly returns of sales are made.
Every person who produces distilled spirits, or who
brews or makes mash, wort, or wash, fit for distilla-
tion 01- for the production of spirits, or who by any
process of vaporization separates alcoholic spirit from
any fermented substance, or who making or keeping
mash, wort, or wash, has also in his possession or ust-
a still, shall be regarded as a distiller: Provided,
That a like tax of four dollars on each barrel, eount-
ingforty gallons of proof spirits to the barrel, shall
be-assessed and collected from theownerof any dis-
tilled spirits which may be in any bonded warehouse,
to be paid whenever the same shall be withdrawn
from such warehouse, under tho provisions of this
act: Provided, That no tax shall be imposed for any
still, stills, or other apparatus used by druggists and
