1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
utmost limit to defray the ordinary expenses of
Government and accruing interest; our coin
largely exported; no State or local banks to
supply an inferior currency ; with a net work
of national banks which are, happily, liable to
destruction by the very law creating them;
■with a high appreciation of the value of green-
backs as a legal tender—all these things con-
tribute to make this the favorable opportunity
to wipe out the monarchical theories of gold
and silver, originate a system that will destroy
money monopolies, have a circulating medium
made by the people and for the people, and
limited only by the necessities of the people.
Neither the Batik of England, nor the moneyed
monopolies of our own country, nor the States,
nor any other power at home or abroad will be
permitted longer to ''regulate the value of
money,'' a duty imposed upon Congress by the
Constitution. Let us have done with British
theories of political economy, the monarchical
standard of money and the aristocratic defini-
tions and notions of wealth. Let us rid our-
selves of a paper circulation on the miscalled
specie basis, for the history of such a currency
is a history of instability, uncertainty, demoral-
ization, fraud, bankruptcy, disgrace, and ruin.
Give the people an ample currency stamped
by national authority as money, based upon
national wealth, convertible into three per cent,
bonds, and they are self-reliant and independ-
ent, and the scepter which the money power
relentlessly wields over labor is broken, and the
commercial value of a free white man will rise
to that at least of a black slave before the war.
The average earnings of our workingmen
beyond a subsistence is not $100 per an-
num. The owner of a United States bond of
SI,000 owns the service of a "white slave,"
and this is about one half the value of an able-
bodied negro eight years ago. The laboring
masses North and South, black and white,
must remain in a state of practical serfdom,
with enormous taxation eating out their sub-
f-tunce and crushing out their mauhood, and
landholders, bankers, and Shylocks extorting
their last cent unless the principles I have ad-
vocated be embodied in our financial policy.
From the promptness and unanimity with
which Congress passed the funding bill at the
close of the last session, by which it was pro-
posed to convert all our currency bonds into
others payable in gold at a distant day, exempt,
from all taxation, at a rate of interest greatly
in excess of the increase of wealth by produc-
tion, I conclude that this plan will meet with
little favor here. Thanks to the Presidentof the
United States, he withheld his signature, and
that bill of abominations has not yet become a
law. 1 think it can be shown that the product-
ive industries of the country never can pay
the interest and principal of such a funded
debt in the manner proposed.
As I have already said, the national wealth
has increased through a long period of years
at an average of three and one third per cent,
per annum compounded. I estimate, our en-
tire national wealth at $20,463,581,000, or
about one fourth of that of both England and
France. This sum compounded at three and
one third per cent, per annum for fifty years
will amount to $84,988,163,000, or a fraction
more than the present estimated wealth of
England and France. This estimate of our
wealth embraces property of every kind, taxed
and untaxed, including bonds. Funding our
debt of §2,500,000,000 in bonds at four per-
cent. exempt from taxation for fifty years,
(which is equivalent to seven per cent, bonds
subject to taxation as other property,) (ind the
interest on the public debt in the time speci-
fied will be $82,000,000,000, or within a small
fraction of our then national wealth. Thus
the bondholders would absorb the entire earn-
ings of productive industry and om the entire
property of the nation in a half century. Fund
the debt at three per cent, per annum for the
same time and it would bear the same propor-
tion to the then wealth that it now does to our
present wealth.
The cumulative power of money by interest
is not sufficiently considered. Interest at six
per cent, accumulates just four times as fast as
at three per cent., while at ten per cent, it in-
creases more than eleven times as fast as at
three. For example, the interest on $1,000
at three per cent, is the first year thirty dol-
lars ; the interest on the accumulation the sec-
ond year is ninety cents. The interest on the
same sum at six per cent, is sixty dollars, and
the interest on the accumulation is $3 60;
the interest at ten per cent, is $100, and the
interest on the accumulation the second year
ten dollars. These examples illustrate how
labor is robbed in paying exorbitant rates of
interest to capital, and also show the utter im-
practicability of paying the national debt in
the manner proposed by the funding bill.
There are distinguished statesmen who declare
that the general paralysis of the industries of
the country now prevailing will be relieved by
lesuming specie payments and by getting rid
of the legal-tender notes m circulation, the only
means we have of paj ing taxes or anything else.
From the clamors of capitalists, stock and
bond and gold brokers, and Peter-Funk agents
of the Treasury, who are urging the conversion
of currency bonds into gold bonds, we may
expect any plan for the relief of the people to
be ridiculed and denounced. We shall hear
about the plighted faith of the Government, the
nation's honor, worthless paper money, irre
deemable currency, gold and silver the only
money known to the world, Christian bankers,
patriotic capitalists generously supplying the
nation with the sinews of war, repudiation, and
resumption of specie payments. Believing, as
I do, that the live-twenty bonds never can and
never should be paid in gold, that it will be
fair to Government creditors, that it involves
no dishonor, that it is the only way of avoiding
repudiation and national disgrace, and above
all, that those who work God's nobility can be
emancipated from slavery in no other way, 1
am prepared for whatever of reproach or
obloquy may be in store for me.
The National Labor Union, of which I am
proud to be a representative, numbering now
over six hundred thousand voters and daily
increasing, is in full sympathy with the views
I have expressed. The workingmen are be-
ginning to understand this mystified subject of
finance, and, although attached to our respective
political parties the charmed words " Union
man" and "Democrat" will not seduce, nor
the words "Radical" and "Copperhead"
frighten us from our fixed and determined pur-
pose to be heard and heeded in our demand
lor justice. We fought the battles of tiie war,
and are toiling on the farm and in the work-
shop to pay the interest on the debt incurred.
We are now, as then, loyal to the Government,
and are now, as then, ready to maintain its in-
tegrity and honor. Without complaint we will
pay out of our daily, weekly, or monthly earn-
ings our just proportion of the public debt, but
we will prefer repudiation to starvation. I
caution bondholders, gold advocates, and their
allies here and elsewhere not to press their
unreasonable and unjust demands. We know
full well that the reduction of the currency and
a return to speeic payments will enhance the
value of the bonds by diminishing the wages
of labor and by rendering the productive in-
dustries of the country less able to pay the
taxes. We understand that the bondholder
can hire two men and buy two barrels of flour
instead of one with his interest if a gold stand-
ard is attained. We are fully aware that all
who owe anything on the tools of their trade,
or oil their houses or farms; in short, all who
are in debt to the amount of one third of their
property will be made bankrupt, lo assume
that the taxpayers will acquiesce in the bond-
holders' policy is to presume either that they
do not know their rights or that they have not
the manhood and courage to maintain them.
One of our astute financiers and able states-
men thinks that the workingmen of the nation
are interested m our getting back to a gold
basis as soon as possible. He says:
" Bring us at once to a bard-money basis arid there
will be a tumble in prices and more case for the
laboring classes in scouring the necessaries of life.
The poor man can buy nearly twice as much with'a ,
gold as he can with a paper dollar."
The honorable gentleman fails to tellu us
where the poor man is to get the gold dollar. He
fails to ptate that the taxes levied upon the
articles he consumes remain the same as be-
fore ; that the interest on his debt is as great
as ever, while his resources for its payment
are reduced one half; that the tax upon his
tobacco is thirty-two cents per pound wfiether
he earns two dollars per day or only one. There
i? nothing more aggravating and insulting to a
poor man than to show him cheap provisions "<
and no money to buy them and no employment.
It cannot be denied that when our circulation
was the h rgest laborers were better paid, pro-
cured the necessaries of life more easily, paid
their rent more promptly than at any time since
the process of contraction commenced. The
poor are always best off when money is abun-
dant and cheap. The harvest for bankers,
brokers, and usurers is when money is scarce
and high. Those who are clamoring for re-
sumption of specie payment and contraction
of the currency may receive the indorsement
of capitalists and bondholders, but they are
sacrificing the interests of the productive
classes.
It will be said that I require Government
creditors to receive a money not known when
the debts were contracted. To this I reply
that Government creditors are no better than
other creditors, and the question has been al-
ready settled by solemn decision of courts that
creditors must receive greenbacks in payment
of debts contracted when gold and silver were
the only money known to the law. The pro-
posed Treasury certificates being legalized as
money for all purposes, and convertible into
interest-bearing bonds, must be better than
greenbacks, and the bondholders purchased
their securities in these when greatly depreci-
ated. Imperfect paper money saved our na-
tion from being disintegrated by civil war, as
it saved England during her war with France.
Let it, bo lemembered that from 1797 to 1819,
when England had no money but irredeemable
bank paper, she was financially more prosper-
ous than at any other period in her history.
During that long period gold and silver money
was obsolete, the Bank of England furnishing
the only currency of the empire. Yet labor
was better paid, there was less of poverty and
distress, and all the interests of productive
industry were better secured than at any other
time before or since. There was not, during
that twenty-two years of suspension of specie
payments, a monetary crisis, a financial panic,
want of employment or of proper remunera-
tion. When the gold tyrant was again en-
throned everybody was a sufferer except the
moneyed aristocracy.
Sir Kieliard Allison says of the act of re-
sumption of 181'.):
"No sinfflc measure ever produced so disastrous
an effect as that, tia^ dune. It has added at least a
third ro the national debt, and augmented in a sim-
ilar proportion all private burdens in the country,
while it lias taken as much fiom the remuneration
of labor and means of paying it enjoyed by the
community."
This lesson of history should not be forgot-
ten. Shall we repeat this folly in our own
experience? That, this representation of the
stale of affairs in England will be true to the
letter in this country if the resumption policy
prevails will not admit of a doubt. Those who
shall bring such a calamity upon the people
will learn that "'the ballot-box is stronger than
an army."
The greenback was the almighty arm of our
deliverance in war, and an absolute paper
money, as a great wealth-distributing instru-
ment, a symbol and representative of value,
will be found equally valuable in peace. With
a legal-tender money, endowed by Congress
with the functions of measuring, representing,
exchanging, and accumulating value by inter-
est, sufficient in volume to answer the require-
ments of business, determinable by the rate of
interest- which it commands, convertible into
