1152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
chemists for the recovery of alcohol for pharmaceu-
tical and chemical or scientific purposes which has
been used in those processes.
Rectifiers of distilled spirits, rectifying, purifying-,
refining, mixing or compounding two hundred bar-
rels or less of distilled spirits, counting forty gallons
of proof spirits to the barrel, within the year, shall
' each pay $200, and shall pay fifty cents for each such
barrel produced in excess of two hundred barrels.
And monthly returns of the quantity and Proof of
all the spirits purchased and of the number of bar-
rels of spirits, as before described, rectified, puri-
fied, refined, mixed, or compounded by him, shall
be made by each rectifier in the same manner as
monthly returns of sales are made. Every person
who rectifies, purifies, or refines distilled spirits or
wines by any process other than by original and con-
tinuous distillation from ma-^h, wort, orwash through
condnous closed vessels and pipes until the distilla-
tion is complete, and every wholesaleor retail liquor
dealer who has in his possession any still or leach-
tab, or who shall keep any other apparatus for the
purpose of refining in any manner distilled spirits,
and every person who, without rectifying, purifying,
or refining distilled spirits, shall, by mixing such
spirits, wine, or other liquor with any materials,
manufacture any spurious imitation' or compound
liquors for sale under the name of whisky, brandy,
gin, rum, wine, spirits, cordials, or wine bitters, or
any other name, shall be regarded as a rectifier and
as being engaged in the business of rectifying.
Retail liquor dealers whose annual sales do not
exceed $2,500 shall each pay twenty-five dollars; if
exceeding $2,500 and not exceeding $5,000, shall each
pay fifty dollars; if exceeding $5,000 and not exceed-
ing $10,000, shall each pay $100; if exceeding $10,000
and not exceeding $20,000, shall each pay $200; and
if exceeding $20,000, shall each pay 31,000. Every
person who sells or offers for sale distilled spirits,
wines, or malt liquors, in less quantities than one
quart at a tinse, or to be drunk at the place, or on the
promises where they are sold, shall be regardod as a
retail liquor dealer.
Wholesale liquor dealers shall each pay fifty dol-
lars, and twenty-five dollars fbr every additional
$1,000 on all sales in excess of $2,000. Every person
who sells or offers for sale distilled spirits, wines, or
malt liquors in quantity of not less than one quart
at one time, and not to bo drunk at the place or on
thepremiseswhere the sale is made, shall be regarded
as a wholesale liquor dealer. But no distiller or
brewer, who has paid his special tax as such, and
who sella only distilled spirits or malt liquors of his
own production in the original casks or packages in
whieli they are placed for the purpose of affixing the
tax stamps, shall be required to pay the special tax
of a wholesale dealer.
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not observe that our
Clerk had put all the amendments together or
I should have made a further explanation. We
have gone back to the provision of the original
bill in regard to what shall be the distinction
between a retail and a wholesale dealer. As
the House originally passed the bill last sum-
mer we made the distinction between retail
dealers and wholesale dealers to depend upon
the character of the business, that is whether
a man sold "by the small," as we say in the
West, or whether he sold in large quantities
by wholesale. The Senate proposed an amend-
ment, which was finally adopted by the com-
mittee of conference, making it depend not so
much upon the character of the business but
upon the amount of the sales ; every man sell-
ing, for instance, less than $25,000 a year is to
bo regarded as a retail dealer, and every man
selling more than that sum a year is to be re-
garded as a wholesale dealer. The effect of
that lawhas produced agreat deal of confusion,
as I anticipated it would, in the revenue depart-
ment, because it results in this: if a man who
keeps a saloon under the Astor House, in New
York, or the St. Charles Hotel, in New Orleans,
or in any other place where he has a large
custom, sells in a year, as many of these men
do, $200,000 worth of liquors by the drink, he
is yet called by the law a " wholesale dealer
but if a man sells a few barrels or cases or
demijohns of spirits or wine without breaking
bulk, and sells less than $25,000 worth a year,
he is called a "retail dealer." We propose
now to go back to the definition which the
House approved last summer, and that is that
a man Bhall be called a wholesale dealer or a
retail dealer according to the manner in which
he sells. And there is a justice in this for
another reason. As it is now, a man may sell
$100,000 worth hy the drink and he is called
a wholesale dealer and pays a small tax on his
sales, whereas selling by the drink he makes
about eight hundred per ceut. or more on his
liquors, while he would make only from ten to
thirty per cent, if he sold at wholesale.
With this view of the subject the Committee
of Ways and Means prefer what the House
decided on last summer, and they propose to
incorporate it here, going back to the principle
that a man who sells by the drink or "by the
small" is a retail dealer, and the man who
sells by the cask, the case, or the demijohn,
without breaking bulk, is a wholesale dealer.
In other words, it is proposed to adopt the
distinction between the character of the sale
in the one case and the character of the sale
in the other as the distinction which shall
mark the difference between the retail and
wholesale dealer, and not the mere amountof
the sale.
Mr. HIGBT. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment, for the purpose of obtaining some in-
formation from the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Schenck.] I
understand that after the Committee of Ways
and Means get through with their amendments,
then we are to propose amendments to the
various sections of this amendment ?-
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes sir.
Mr. HIGrBY. Can we propose amendments
to the amendments which may have been pro^
posed by the committee?
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection.
Mr. HIGBY. I only wish to have it under-
stood that we can amend the amendments of
the committee by striking, out or -adding to
them as the Committee of the Whole may
think proper.
Mr. O' NBILL. In connection with the discus-
sion upon this section, I wish to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Schenck] for someinformation. Iknowacase
where persons who are not wholesale dealers
have been assessed and taxes have been col-
lected from them improperly, and the moneys
thus improperly assessed and collected are now
in the hands of the collecting officers of the in-
ternal revenue department. Yet in the depart-
ment it has been decided that under the exist-
ing laws they are not wholesale dealers, and the
order has been actually made that the assessors
shall not hereafter assess such dealers as whole-
sale dealers. But at the same time there seems
to be no way by which these men can get back
the money which has been improperly collected
of them. Now, I would like to know whether
we could not amend this section in some way
so as to give the power directly to the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue to refund such
taxes as have been improperly collected, with-
out putting the parties to the trouble, delay,
and expense of suits which must be brought
by them under the present ideas of the Com-
missioner.
Mr. SCHENCK. It strikes me that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. O'Neill] is
rather trenching upon the business of the lawyer
than the business of the legislator. There are
abundant provisions in the general bill for the
refunding of taxes improperly levied and paid.
And I must be permitted to say that I think
there is abundant provision for the purpose un-
der the existing revenue law. If taxes have
been improperly paid there are general admin-
istrative provisions by which they may be re-
turned. Now, it may be, as the gentleman says,
that there are improper constructions or other
constructions put upon the law by the revenue
department. But that question does not come
in here properly, for it relates to all taxes,
whether upon whisky or anything else. But
I can show the gentleman that we have pro-
vided for that matter in the general bill.
Mr. O'NEILL. The cases to which I refer
do not involve the payment of a tax upon
whisky. But it seems to me there is difficulty
in the way of determining how to get this money
again into the hands of those who had paid the
tax under erroneous assessment. The Com-
missioner himself has decided that hereafter
there shall be no such assessment as that of
which complaint was made. Yet these parties
are kept out of the money that was wrongfully
collected of them because there seems to be
no way provided by which the money can be
refunded.
Mr. SCHENCK. All I can say is, that as
the matter to which the gentleman refers does
not relate to the regulation or collection of the
tax upon distilled spirits it does not pertain to
this part of the bill. -And without charging
my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. O'Neill]
anyfeeforthe information, I will say that there
seems to be some difficulty somewhere, not
arising under the law, because the law, as it
now exists, furnishes abundant means for re-
funding taxes when improperly assessed and
collected-. But that relates- to an entirely dif-
ferent part of tho bill, which was gone over
in Committee of the Whole last summer.
Mr. MAYNARD. There is one point to
which I wish to call the attention of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means,
[Mr. Schenck,] the minimum fixed for assess-
ing the special tax. When.we passed the par-
tial bill last summer we fixed the minimum at
thepoint proposed by this amendment—at fifty
barrels or less. The Senate placed the minimum
at two hundred barrels, andthe special tax to cor-
respond. The committee of conference-adjusted
it as it now stands in the law. That provision
bears very hardly upon the class of distilleries
found in the portion of the country where I
reside, and indeed in a large part of the Uni-
ted States. I refer to the small copper distill-
ation. The copper still will make from thirty
to sixty gallons of spirits a week, say fifty gal-
lons ; perhaps five barrels of forty gallons
each a month. Those copper stills run in fact
only some three or perhaps four months in the
year. By imposing upon them a tax of $200
we tax them very much more heavily than we
tax the larger distillation of the country. I
propose, therefore, that instead of fixing the
minimum at fifty barrels and the special tax
at $200, we fix it at twenty-five barrels and the
tax at $100. No harm can possibly result from
the adoption of this proposition. The small
rural distillers are not the people who commit
the frauds upon the revenue of the country,
and we cannot afford—and if we could we
ought not to try—to break up this branch of
industry, which has been carried on for many
years, and which, to a large number of people
in various portions of the country, is very im-
portant.
Mr. SCHENCK. On one point my col-
league on the committee, the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Maysard,] is mistaken. The
House fixed this minimum at two hundred bar-
rels last year, as I find by reference to the bill
as passed by the House. It, was afterward,
however, brought down to one hundred bar-
rels. We now propose to fix fifty barrels as
the minimum. And a moment ago, I stated
in conversation to a gentleman who, like the
gentleman from Tennessee, comes from a part
of the country specially interested in this sub-
ject, that after the amendments of the com-
mittee shall have been completed I would not
object to an amendment in that particular
point, so as perhaps to make the minimum
twenty-five barrels and $100, instead of fifty
barrels and $200.
Mr. MAYNARD. My remarks were in-
tended somewhat as an appeal to my colleague
on the committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have already heard the
appeal from another quarter, and consented to
what I have stated.
The amendment of Mr. Schenck was agreed
to.
Mr. SCHENCK. All the amendments of
the Committee of Ways and Means with ref-
erence to distilled spirits have now been offered,
Mr. MAYNARD. I think, then, that the
question to which I just now referred might
properly be brought before the Committee of
the Whole for its action at the present time.
I move, therefore, to amend by striking out
■'fifty" and inserting in lieu thereof " twenty-
five," and by striking out "$200" and insert-
ing "$100 ;" so as to make the first clause of
the second paragraph of section fifty-nine read
as follows :
Distillers producing twenty-five barrels, or less,
of distilled spirits, counting forty gallons of proof
llOO1'8 t0 barrel, within the year. Shall each pay
