200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
three per cent, bonds, and the laboring mil-
lions, black and white, North and South, will
be free. Let us be wise in time to prevent
repudiation!
It has'been estimated that four hours' labor
by those engaged in productive industry is suf-
ficient for the mere support of our whole pop-
ulation, and that all their production in their
remaining hours of toil is surplus. Who shall
have this surplus ? It should be equitably dis-
tributed between laborand capital. This divis-
ion can be effected only by a circulating medium
at a just rate of interest. Now the fruits of six
out of the ten hours of labor are swallowed up in
the paymentof taxes and in interest paid to
capital, leaving nothing to those who earn all.
If the working classes can have time for mental
and moral improvement and true social enjoy-
ment they will invent new methods and im-
prove old ones for multiplying the comforts
and blessings of life. By new discoveries and
inventions they will subdue all the elements of
nature and make them lay their trophies at the
door of every cabin and palace of earth. Then
will the sublime but hitherto rejected truth be
acknowledged :
" The laboring man, whate'er his task,
To till the soil or raise tho hod,
He wears upon his honest brow
The royal stamp and seal of God.
And brighter slnnes each drop of sweat
Than diamond in a coronet."
Mr. WASHBURN, of ind iana, moved that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Hooper, of Massachusetts, having taken the
chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr. ctrllom
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideiation the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the annual message
of the President of the United States, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
LEAVE TO PEINT.
Mr. HAUGHEY asked and obtained leave
to print, some remarks on the claims of loyal
Alabamians. [See Appendix.]
admission of evidence.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask
■unanimous consent to take from the Speaker's
table the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 1428) authorizing the admission of
evidence of copies of certain papers, docu-
ments, and entries. They are only verbal
amendments, and 1 presume there will be no
objeclion to concurring in them. It is neces-
sary that the bill should be passed immediately.
The amendments were accordingly, by unan-
imous consent, considered and agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the amendments
were agreed to; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSULAR, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask to withdraw the'
reservation I made this morning in regard to
any appropriations contained in the consular
and diplomatic appropriation bill, which has
been referred to the Committee of the Whole.
1 have examined the bill, and I am content to
waive the reservation.
,, As 1 have not examined
tne bill 1 wish to make the reservation.
Mi. HOLMAN. I make the same reserva-
tion, as two members of the committee have
made it.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
adjourn.
1 he fnotion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at four o clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rules, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARCHER : The petition of Henry
C. Shirrell, praying for relief.
By Mr. BANKS: The petition of Turner
Merritt, in relation to a claim for cotton taken
by the United States authorities.
By Mr. BENJAMIN: A jjetition of citi-
zens of Moberly, Missouri, praying for a change
in the naturalization laws.
Also, the petition of Captain William Carsen,
of Palmyra, Missouri, for relief.
By Mr. BUCK LAND: The petition of F.
B. Case and 64 others, citizens of Norwalk,
Ohio, asking certain alterations of the law tax-
ing tobacco and cigars.
Also, the petition of Martin & Negeles and
12 others, citizens of Tiffin, Ohio, upon the
same subject.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Frederick M. Norcross, for renewal
of letters patent on planing machine.
Also, the petition of Mary E. Rooney and
others, Sisters of Charity of Providence Hos-
pital, for an appropriation of §30,000 for the
completion of their building.
Also, a petition of the Oriental Powder Com-
pany, asking return of taxes paid oti powder
sold on contract with the United States.
Also, the petition of Betsey L. Jackman,
for a pension.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Emma Horton,
for relief.
Also, the petition of George F. Putnam and
105 otliers, of Salem, in aid of reform in the
system of internal revenue.
Also, the petition of Franz Beuter, for re-
muneration of damage for a robbery commit-
ted by soldiers of the United States Army.
Also, a petition of colored citizens of Nor-
folk, Virginia, to naturalize Michael Louvert,
a colored gentleman of French birth.
Also, the petitions of W. T. Scott, John A.
King, Thole Anderson, R. II. Curry, and B.
A. Martel, of Louisiana, for pardon and re-
moval of political disability.
Also, a petition of the Salem Board of Trade,
for the resumption of specie payments.
Also, the petition of Leonard Pierce, to be
reimbursed for money paid by him as consul
for the relief of American citizens.
Also, the petition ot Charles Wieland and
others, tor theabolitionof theofficeof President.
By-Mr. DELANO : The memorial of Charles
Cooper aud Goshorn A. Jones, sureties of
William and John Hannegan, lor relief from
terms of contract with the United States lor
the improvement of Des Moines rapids, in the
States of Iowa and Illinois.
Also, the memorial of Mrs. Eliza A. Rat-
cliffe, for supplies furnished the United States.
Also, the memorial of Robert A. French
and others, prayingthe modification of internal
revenue laws.
By Mr. ECKLEY: The petition of Andrew
Stewart, a citizen of Ohio, praying Congress
to annul an act of the Legislature of the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico suspending the writ of
execution in certain cases.
By Mr. ELDR1DGE: The petition of Frank
Tillman and 40 others, for the repeal of cer-
tain sections of the internal revenue law relat-
ing to the tax on cigars, &c.
Also, the petition of A. Deville and 50 others,
for a repeal of sections of the internal revenue
law relating to the tax on tobacco.
By Mr. ELIOT: The memorial of George
R. Upton and others, shipowners, merchants,
and insurance companies, of Boston, praying
for Government inspection of chain cables for
vessels of the United States.
Also, a memorial of the American Mission-
ary Association, praying for legislative relief
to the freed men.
By Mr. FRENCH: The memorial of E. W.
Jones, late collector of internal revenue for the
first district of North Carolina, asking remu-
neration for services from June 25, 1865, to
November 13, 1860.
By Mr. INGERSOLL: A petition of 200
employes at Rock Island arsenal, in regard to
the eight hour law.
By Mr. JULIAN: The memorial of Julia
Finley, praying a special act amendatory of
the pension laws in her favor.
By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition of Rev.
L. Bissey and 75 others, residing in Porters-
ville, Alabama, praying for an exploration and
survey of the harbor of Portersville.
By Mr. KETCH AM: The petition of J. Cay-
wood and others, of Poughkeepsie, New York,
members of the Grapegrowers Association,
asking for the passage of an act to encourage
and protect inventors of new fruits.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of Susan
Tucker for a pension.
By Mr. PETTIS: A petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the propo-
sition to open the markets of the United States
to the productions of the British American
provinces through a so-called "treaty of
reciprocity."
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of Mrs. Sarah
L. Goodrich, for increase of pension from eight
to seventeen dollars per month.
By Mr. SCHENCJl: The petition of Hugh
Wallace, of the Missouri volunteers, praying
Congress to grant him a.pension.
Also, the petition of the President of New-
Haven Chemical Works, praying for a small
increase of duty on soda ash.
Also, a memorial of certain line officers Of the
United States Navy, protesting against the
passage of the bill " to reorganize and increase
the eiliciehey of the medical department of
Navy."
Also, thl petition ofR. Y. Lanius, of Eaton,
Ohio, praying Congress to reimburse him for
money expended in recruiting during the war
of the rebellion.
Also, a memorial of certain Republican
Senators and Representatives of the Georgia
Legislature, who state that they have been
obliged to leave their homes and flee to the city
of Atlanta for safety from persecution and
assassination at the hands of men styling
themselves Democrats; and who pray that
Congress may take the necessary legislative
steps to stop such outrages, and secure to them
protection to their property and safety for their
persons.
Also, a petition of the Western Union
Telegraph Company, praying Congress to au-
thorize the delivery to them, free of duty, of
the submarine cable now in the custom-house
at the port of New York, which was manufac-
tured for the Behring sea part of the line to
connect America and Russia.
Also, the petition of Michael Mulgrene, for
an invalid pension.
Also, amemorial offifty-one persons, inform-
ing Congress what legislation is needed on all
subjects according to the views of Messrs.
Ward and Newberry, committee of the National
Manufacturers' Association.
By Mr. SPALDING: A petition for a pension
in behalf of-the minor brother and sister of
Charles H. Hoag, tenth Ohio cavalry.
By Mr. TRIMBLE: The petition of A.
Shipmyer and others, praying modification of
the revenue laws in relation to inspection and
stamps-on cigars and tobacco.
By Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois: A
petition of the local inspectors of steamboats
at Chicago, Illinois, praying for increased
compensation, and showing the increase in
business at that port since 18G5.
Also, four petitions of citizens of Minnesota,
praying that the same subsidies be granted by
Congress in aid of the Northern Pacific rail-
road as were granted to the Central Union
Pacific Railroad Company.
TEMORE : The petition of
o u a citizen of Marion county,
South Carolina, for payment of a balance due
him for taking the census in the aforesaid
county and State.
Also, the petition of Daniel Hauser, a citi-
zen of North Carolina, for a pension.
Also, the petition of George J. Elam, a citi-
zenof Falls county, Texas, for a special act
of Congress to relieve him of liabilities as a
revenue officer on account of money stolen
from him.
. By Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana: The peti-
tions of manufacturers of tobacco and cigars,
