1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
citizens of Indiana, asking an amendment or
repeal of parts of sections seventy-eight and
ninety-four of the act of Congress approved
July "20, 1868.
Also, the petition of 0. C. Humphreys, a
citizen of Indiana, for relief.
IN SENATE.
Webneswt, January 6, 1869.'
Prayer by Rev. H. A. Wilder, of Natal,
South Africa, Missionary of the American
Board of'Commissioners for Foreign Missions.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
T'ne PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating, in compliance with
a lesolution of the Senate of the 15th ultimo,
information in regard to the Territory of
Alaska and the fur-bearing animals therein :
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, communicating an
estimate of appropriation for the pay of one
clerk to the central Indian superintendency ;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating,
in compliance with the resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 21st ultimo, a list of the Indian
superintendents and agents and designating
the absentees from their posts; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, communicating,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of the 16th ultimo, the cost to the Government
of the issue of fractional currency since its
authorization ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HARLAN presented the memorial of
J. R. Callahan, a teamster in the war of 1812,
praying to be allowed a pension ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Wil-
liam R. Drinkard, of Virginia, praying to be
relieved from political disabilities imposed on
him by acts of Congress ; which ^as referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary\
Mr. SUMNER presented the memorial Qf
Peter M. Gideon, of Minnesota, praying'a
change in the policy of the Government tgpard
the Indians ; which was referred to th"ij/Com-
mitfee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Dr. R.
Wieczorek, of New York, praying for the pas-
sage of a law to put certain soldiers of the
regular Army on the same footing as volun-
teers with reference to bounty ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Missouri, praying that in any amend-
ment proposed to the Constitution of the United
States to extend or regulate suffrage there shall
be no distinction between men and women;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of
citizens of the United States, praying the en-
actment of a law restricting the power of con-
ferring citizenship to the courts of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
llEPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. G91) to prevent the holding of civil offices
by military officers, and to prevent the holding
of more than one officc at the same time,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 712) to provide forthe appoint-
ment of recorder of deeds and warden of the
jail in the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes, reported it with amendments.
department of agriculture.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of reorgan-
izing the Departmentof Agriculture so as to provide
forthe selectionof one person fromeachState famil-
iar with the agricultural wants and interests of such
State to occupy some official position in said Depart-
ment.
patent office stationery.
Mr. FERRY submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That tho Secretary of the Interior be
requested to transmit to the Senate copies of all cor-
respondence between the Secretory of tho Interior
and the present Commissioner of Patents relativo to
supplies of stationery to the Patent Office, and the
contracts for the same; and also copies of orders by
the Secretary appointing committees to examine and
report upon such contracts and supplies, together
with all reports of such committees thereupon.
bills introduced.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No, 789) to incorporate the Somes's Patents
Company of the District of Columbia; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. POMEROY. I am requested by the
mayor and citizens to introduce this bill. I
do not know anything about it. I move that
it be referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 740) for the relief of Robert B. Kings-
bury, late internal revenue collector for the
second district of Texas ; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
john young's patent.
Mr. PERRY. I move that the Senate tak<
up for consideration the bill (S. No. 701)
extend the letters-patent originally granted to
John Young, which has been reported from
the Committee on Patents. I think it will
create no debate. The report of the commit-
tee is very brief. I will send it to the Clerk
to be read, and it will explain the entire case.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to take up the bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It proposes to extend the
letters-patent granted to John Young on the
19th of September, 1818, and reissued to him
July 30, 1801, for the term of seven years from
and after the 19th of September, 1809, and
direct* the Commissioner of Patents to make
a certificate of such extension and append
tlie same to the original reissue or any copy
thereof.
Mr. FERRY. I ask that the report of the
committee be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Ferry from the Committee
on Patents on the 18th of December last:
John Young, in the year 1818, obtained a patent
for "an improvement in washing machines." The
improvement consisted in the substitution of India-
rubber for other material in tho construction of such
machines. Owing to his inability to perfect the vul-
canizing of India-rubber during the existence of his
original patent, he received but $1,000 during that
period of fourteen years. In 1861 he succeeded in
obtaining properly vulcanized rubber, andin 1862his
pateDt was extended by the Commissioner of Patents.
He has received substantia] benefit from his inven-
tion only during the six years which have elapsed
since the renewal by the Commissioner, and has
received but $5,000 for thai period. He has really had
the benefit of his invention since its renewal. The
invention is new and valuable. His patent expires m
September, 1869, and he asks.an extensiuu.by Con-
gress. His petition comes within the spirit of tile
patent laws, and the committee recommend that it be
granted by the passage of the accompanying bill.
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
know but that there is as much merit in this
as in any case of a second renewal; but I am
quite opposed to the renewal for the second
time of any patent, and I hope we shall not
'establish a precedent for the renewal of any
patent more than once.
Mr. PERRY. It is too latp, Mr. President,
to speak of establishing a precedent for the
renewal of any patent, as the precedent has
been established by repeated renewals for a
long series of years. The principle upon which
the present Committee on Patents have acted
has been, that unless an application for a
renewal is really brought by the facts of the
case within the spirit of the existing patent
laws, they would report against, such renewal
by act of Congress. In this case, during the
whole existence of the original patent, a period
of fourteen years, the inventor did not succeed
in perfecting his invention for practical use on
account of the difficulty of vulcanizing the ma-
terial which constituted the main improvement
in the invention. During six years only has
he really received the benefit afforded by the
existing patent laws for his invention. Under
these circumstances we thought that the ease,
as the report states, fell within the spirit of the
law, and therefore reported in favor of grant-
ing the application.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator inform
us whether this patent embraces a process for
vulcanizing rubber?
Mr. FERRY. It does not.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the materiality,
then, of the statement which I understand the
Senator to make that the patentee was unable
to produce rubber properly vulcanized?
Mr. FERRY. He was unable to procure
properly vulcanized rubber during the original
existence of the patent, and unless it was
properly vulcanized the machine was not of
practical benefit to the extent which it has
since become. By the perfection of the vul-
canizing process, by other patentees I suppose,
under the^fatents which have been issued for
that piycess, he now is able to purchase of
themymbber which accomplishes the entire
object he had ia preparing this machine.
r. CONKLING. Then the language of
report is calculated somewhat to mislead
hose who read it.
Mr. FERRY. It may be so.
Mr. CONKLTNG. The language is: "owing
to his inability to perfect the vulcanizing of
India-rubber."
Mr. FERRY. Perhaps that expression ia
improper. Itshould properly be, " to procure
properly perfected vulcanized rubber."
Mr. CONKLING. So that the patent does
not embrace any process for dealing with rubber?
Mr. FERRY. Nothing whatever. It is
simply the application of rubber properly
vulcanized to this machine for washing.
Mr. CONKLING. As I rose to ask a ques-
tion, I will avail myself of the occasion to
make one remark on this case. Like the Sen-
ator from Vermont, I am very averse to a vote
in any ordinary case directing the renewal of a
patent; and yet I know that there are numer-
ous cases falling, in the phrase of the Senator
from Connecticut, within the spirit of the
patent laws where such an extension may
properly be directed. It would seem to me,
however—and to this remark I invite the atten-
tion of the Senator from Connecticut—that it
must be a very extraordinary case which would
demand the exercise of this legislative discre-
tion in favor of the original inventor, he not
having died before he realized substantial bene-
fit—iu favor of the original inventor who has
survived the lifetime of his original patent and
of one extension of that patent, particularly
where the patent applies to an article such as
a sewing-machine or a variety of other articles
by which I might illustrate it.
Mr. DIXON. This is a washing-machine.
Mr. CONKLING. This is, as the Senator
says, a washing-machine—as I understand it,
a machine for wringing clothes; but I speak of
a sewing-machine as somewhat analogous—
a machine used by the many, used by the poor,
used in families; a machine, in short, which
goes to give rest to human muscles and to
lessen manual labor. It seems to me that in
