IIM
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
lost all our money. Every bank in the State
was ruined. Our people in that part of the
country had been accustomed to make a little
brandy when they had fruits, to make a little
whisky to buy the necessaries of life and to
pay their taxes.
The object of our law is to raisa revenue;
not to correct the morals of the country. That
is no part of.our duty; that business belongs
to the States.' Gentlemen talk about the tax
upon whisky at the rate now imposed encour-
aging distilleries. Now, all the right we have
to legislate upon this subject is to raise rev-
enue. Suppose that all these little distilleries
of onr country were broken up, do gentlemen
suppose that the people will not have whisky?
Why, sir, since whisky has become high there
is vastly more drunkenness than there used to
be before. The gentleman says that in his
country the deacons always used to get into
these difficulties, atad to have distilleries also.
Now, my country is better off than that, and I
state here to-day that during the whole cam-
paign it was alleged all over my country that
this law was passed especially to oppress the
South. I insisted that Congress did not know
our condition, and that that was the reason
that they passed the law. [Here the hammer
fell.} 1. do hope this amendment will be made.
Mr. McCORMICK. I rise to oppose this
amendment pro forma, for the purpose of say-
ing a few words. I concur^with the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Price] in his moral senti-
ments, and 1 deprecate intemperance in this
country as much as he does. But it is well
known that since the taxation of spirits has
been inaugurated in our country all the small
distilleries which he deprecates so much have
been shut up. Instead of them, every country
store and every cross-roads grocery in the
West and South has become a place for the
sale of spirits. The evil resulting from the
sale and use of ardent spirits has not been
lessened because all the small distilleries in
some parts of the country has been closed.
Bnt there are hundreds and thousands of
small distilleries throughout the South and
West. I believe there are about five thousand
distilleries in the State of North Carolina
alone. And the great majority of those dis-
tilleries do not produco ten barrels each per
annum.
Mr. MULLINS. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state his point of order.
Mr. MCJLLINS. I want to know if the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. McCormick]
is for this amendment or against it; because
under the rule only one member can speak on
one side of a question.
Mr. BOYDKN. Very well; I will withdraw
my arnendmeut to the amendment.
Mr. McCORMlCK. 1 renew it. I wish to
say only this: that I believe the revenue of
the country would be increased to the extent
of several million dollars per annum if the
rural districts ot our country were to be per-
mitted to distill spirits as they formerly did.
The grapes and peaches and apples now rot-
tening annually will then be manufactured into
spirits, and the immense establishments in
cities that now make the rural districts of the
country tributary to them will be measurably
broken up, and the rural districts will provide
for themselves all the spirits they want to con-
sume from ihe material at home.
Mr. BOYDEN. And make a much better
article.
Mr. McCORMICK. Yes, and make a much
better article than that now manufactured by
wholesale iu the large centers of commerce. I
believe if we will so arrange the tax upon the
distilled spirits made in this country that these
small distilleries can again be opened to dis-
till the iruit crops, and the millers can, be per-
mitted to distill their grain, the production of
be more easy and advantageous to
the West ami South than it is at present. [Here
the hammer fell. ] I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. NIB LACK. I renew the amendment to
the amendment. I do not look upon the ques-
tion of temperance or intemperance, of the
morality or immorality of the business of man-
ufacturing ardent spirits, as properly involved
in the discussion of the subject now under con-
sideration. This is a mere question of revenue,
and it is our duty to so adjust the provisions
of the law upon that subject that we may be
able to collect the greatest amount of revenue
from year to year from the ardent spirits man-
ufactured in this country. Whether this busi-
ness shall be encouraged or discouraged is a
matter for State legislation, and cannot legiti-
mately enter into the consideration of such a
bill as that we have now before us.
Mr. ROSS. If we can get revenue and
temperance at the same time, would it not be
a good thing?
Mr. NIBLACK. The protection of the
morals of the community is a question rather
too remote from this subject to justify its dis-
cussion at the present time. For several years
past, in fact ever since my attention has been
directed to this subject of taxing ardent spirits,
my opinion has been that the system which we
have adopted has tended to drive the manufac-
ture of spirits away from the rural districts,
the smaller towns, and the smaller cities into
the large cities, where frauds can be more
easily perpetrated. This has appeared to me
an unwise system. I believe that whatever
system we may adopt, about a given amount of
whisky will be manufactured in some way in
these United States. Our system heretofore
has tended to discourage these small manu-
facturers in places where they can be watched
and where frauds are easily detected, and to
force the manufacture into other channels. In
this way the quality of the article has, it is
generally conceded, been greatly deteriorated,
so that the whisky thus manufactured is less
marketable and more deleterious to health
than that manufactured iu the small copper
stills. I believe that by adopting a policy
which shall be liberal toward the small dis-
tillers we shall increase the amount of revenue
and diminish the frauds that are now perpe-
trated to so large an extent in the manufacture
of this article.
As I remarked in the discussion here the
other evening, the paramount consideration in
determining this question of taxes is, how can
the largest amount of revenue be secured by
the Government? We need revenue above
everything else.
My colleague on the Committee of Ways
and Means, the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Allison,] and also the chairman of the com-
mittee, seemed to think that I took too gloomy
a view of the amount of revenue that would
be collected by the Government under this bill,
if it should become a law. I beg now to call
the attention of my colleagues to the fact that
tlfe last monthly statement of the public debt,
made since that discussion took place, shows
an increase of $15,500,000 in the amount of
that debt during the month of January, 1869.
and an increase during the year 18G3 of over
thirty-two million dolllars. This circumstance,
and particularly the extraordinary increase
during the last month, demonstrates to my
mind the fact that more revenue is imperatively
demanded from some source. If, then, by
adopting a different line of policy, we cau
derive more revenue from this article of whisky
than we can by continuing the present policy",
I think it our duty to make the change.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
oppose the proposition made by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,] and I will
not discuss any other question than that of
revenue, which gentlemen seem to be so anx-
ious to secure. Now, by the amendments
already adopted we have been gradually relax-
ing the law with regard to the distillation of
whisky. In the first place, we have consented
to an arrangement by which the distillers from
grapes and fruits shall be exempt from certain
provisions of the law. Gentlemen from various
localities are not content with this, but insist that
we shall open this whole business of distilla-
tion to any party who is willing to distill twenty-
five barrels a year. The present law prohibits
distiljation except to the extent of one hun-
dred barrels a year. The Committee of Ways
and Means, under a pressure from various
localities, have agreed to reduce the minimum
quantity to fifty barrels, and the minimum tax
to $200 per annum.
Gentlemen must remember that in the ad-
ministrative part of this law there is a provis-
ion that for every day a distillery is suspended
a tax of two dollars shall be levied. There is
another provision requiring the distillers to be
registered. There is another provision requir-
ing storekeepers for the distilleries. Now, I
submit to gentlemen who are pressing this
amendment that they will defeat the very object
which they seek to accomplish unless they go
further and ask that all these securities thrown
around the business of distillation by existing
law shall be removed from these small distillers.
Now, for one, I shall hot consent to vote under
any circumstances to reduce the minimum be-
low fifty barrels per annum. A man cannot
erect a distillery and distill less than fifty barrels
and pay the tax imposed by the law. I am not
prepared, after this has proved itself to be
an effective law, by various amendments to
remove the safeguards that we have thrown
around it by imposing a tax when the distillery
is not running, by providing storekeepers for
distilleries and by the imposition of other in-
direct taxes, whether they distill only twenty-
five barrels a year or not. I think that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union ought to stand by the recommendation
of the Committee of Ways and Means and fix
the minimum at fifty barrels a year.
Mr. MAYNARD. Explain why they can-
not distill twenty-live barrels a year and pay the
tax.
Mr. ALLISON. Iwillanswer thegentleman.
I will ask my colleague on the committee
whether he believes that a distillery which only
makes twenty-five barrels a year can pay two
dollars a day when not running in addition to
the tax of ยง200 ? Can it pay in addition five
dollars a day for every day that it is running,
for a storekeeper?
Mr. MAYNARD. These small distilleries
only run a small portion of the year. The
gentleman does not remember that.
Mr. ALLISON. I understand that; and they
have to pay two dollars a day when they are
not in operation, so that the tax for a small
distillery would amount to $600 per annum.
Mr. MAYNARD. They can give notice of
the stopping of the distillery, and they thus
withdraw themselves from the payment of tax.
Mr. ALLISON. That is, so far as distillation
from fruit is concerned. We have made ample
provision for the distillation of biandy from
fruit. I am willing to remove these restrictions
from fruit distilleries.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the amendment so that I may re-
new it.
Mr. NIBLACK. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
^Mr, JOHNSON. I renew the amendment.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am really surprised
that the members of the Committee of Ways
and Means, who have reported this bill, should
come deliberately before this House with a
proposition having for its object the refusal of
a right that every American citizen ought to
enjoy. If any one American citizen has the
right to engage in the distillation of ardent
spirits, then every other citizen ought to enjoy
the same right. The result of this proposition
is, in my judgment, to drive all of this business
away from the parties who produce the mate-
rials and who out of that material would pro-
duce the best article of liquor, into the hands
of the monopolists, into the hands of those
who can control large capitals. Or, in other
words, sir, you compel the men who produce,
the grapes trom the soil, instead of allowing
them to distill them upon their own farms? to
