202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
the case of such an invention a man who has
outlived his patent and outlived the extension
of his patent, ought to show a ease of peculiar
merit or peculiar hardship in order to be
entitled to invoke this intervention by Con-
gress.
Mr. FERRY. I feel no particular interest
in the present case any further than the invest-
igation before the committee developed the
fact that owirfg to circumstances outside of the
control of the inventor he failed to reap any
pecuniary benefit from his invention during the
first fourteen years.of the existence of his pat-
ent. and that therefore he has really had the
benefit of our patent laws only since the exten-
sion of his patent by the Commissioner.
Therefore, it seemed to us to be a case which
would fall within the principle laid down by
the Senator from New York, as a case in which
Congress might rightly and justly renew the
patent again, the inventor having, by circum-
stances beyond his control, not derived the
benefit from it to which he was justly entitled.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I remember very well
since I have been a member of the Senate that
this question of the extension of patents was
once before the Senate and discussed very fully,
at a time, I believe, when Mr. Douglas, of Illi-
nois, was upon that committee. The question
whether the Commissioner of Patents should
have any power to extend patents was dis-
cussed, and finally on full discussion it was
decided that no such power should be given to
the Commissioner, and it was arranged that, a
patent when issued should be issued for sev-
enteen years, and that there should be no re-
newals. That was the result of the judgment
at which the Senate arrived at that time, and,
1 think, for very good reasons. If for seven-
teen years a patentee has an opportunity to
reap the benefit of his patent, it is enough.
We know, sir, the pressure which may be
brought to bear, not only upon the Commis-
sioner of Patents, but upon Congress, to pro-
cure the renewal of so.me of these great and
valuable patents. This patent of a machine
for the wringing of clothes, which is used in
almost every household in the land, is a patenW
which may perhaps be worth $-500,000 if it is
to be extended. The person who invented it
had the henelit of his patent for fourteen years;
it was then renewed, and the honorable Sen-
ator from Connecticut says the reason why the
person did not reap the benefit of his patent
during the first fourteen years of its existence
grew out of the fact that in the present state
of the arts vulcanized rubber could not be pro-
duced which would serve the necessary pur-
pose of this material in being used in his ma-
chine. In short, for the first fourteen years
his machine was a failure. But, considering
all (his, il the patent has ohee under the laws
then existing been extended for six or eight
years, in my judgment that is enough. It
would be a dangerous precedent for Congress
to interfere on grounds so slight as these, in
the extension of this patent, which may involve
perhaps millions of dollars. I shall not dis-
cuss the question at length, but content myself
with voting against the bill and protesting
against the policy of renewing these patents
after they have run for a whole generation.
Mr. WILLEY. The facts in this case very
fully sustain the report of the committee. I
beg leave to state so much, as I could not my-
self concur in the report of the committee. As
a member of the committee I was opposed to
granting the privilege secured in the bill under
consideration. It is very apparent that during
the fourteen years, the first term of this patent,
the patentee received very little compensation.
The reason of it was that the roller or appa-
ratus which he originally invented did not an-
swer the purpose, because it absorbed the water
and the dirt out of the clothing, and that was
the case until some other person had invented
theprocess of vulcanizing India-rubber; so that,
in effect, the extension of this patent would be
giving to this individual the advantage of an-
other man's invention, in point of fact. Upon
that ground I did not conceive that the case
under consideration presented any very great
claims to the clemency and consideration of
Congress.
Besides, sir, I have taken it to be the sense
of Congress, as referred to by the Senator from
Wisconsin, that patents were not to be reissued ;
that parties were not to have the benefit of their
monopoly over seventeen years except in cases
of very peculiar hardship, and then Congress
might renew them. . Th.o law, as it at present
stands, tabes away from the Commissioner of
Patents the right to extend a patent, but it
extends the original term from fourteen to sev-
enteen years, leaving it wholly within the dis-
cretion of Congress whether there shall be any
extension at all. But, sir, upon the ground
that it was another man's invention which made
the invention of this washing-machine at all
valuable, I did not think myself that the case
presented any very peculiar claims to the con-
sideration of Congress, and therefore I was
opposed to the extension granted in this bill,
although the facts as stated in the report were
very amply sustained by the testimony before
the committee. There was a manufacturer
before the committee who verified by his prac-
tical experience all the facts stated in this
leport. Itwasproved that this gentleman had
not received any very considerable compensa-
tion for his invention, simply from the fact that
the first term had nearly expired before he
could avail himself of the use of another man's
invention in vulcanizing India-rubber. There-
fore, I was opposed to the extension of his
patent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I remember
that wo had a proposition for the extension of
a patent before the Senate at the last session;
I think in relation to some trifling improve-
ment upon woolen machinery. It was a small
affair, but a very great ineonvenience to the
manufacturers throughout the country, and it
was rejected. My friend from Connecticut,
I think, favored its rejection. Now, shall we
use that kind of justice in favor of the rich
,manufacturers, and when a patent comes up
?here whose rejection is to benefit the poor
women of the country, are we to treat it with
favor ? I call upon my friend from Kansas,
[Mr. Pomeroy,] my friend from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Wilson,] and my friend from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Anthony,] who are par-
ticularly distinguished for their zeal in defense
of woman's rights, to stand up. Here is a
question on which they can show their elo-
quence and their adherence to principle.
Now, Mr. President, it does seem to me that
the extension of a patent of this kind is a pre-
mium on the lack of enterprise and imbecility
of the parties who bring forward their claims
for extension. I am utterly opposed either to
the extension of patents by the Commissioner
of Patents or by Congress in any case what-
ever. We have some cases of the most merit-
orious kind that come before us, and yet they
are generally rejected. Take the case of Hoe's
printing press, one of the most valuable inven-
tions that have ever been produced in the coun-
try, and yet the Senate is averse, as I under-
stand, to any extension of that patent. I
suppose there are not less than five thousand
models in the Patent Office of washing-ma-
chines, and if they were built of the usual size
the Patent Office would be unable to contain
them. This is unquestionably one of the most
meritorious that has been invented, but it has
had a monopoly for a sufficient length of time,
and I hope the Senate will not grant the
extension.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is very manifest that
the Senate is not in a disposition to pass this
bill now. I will therefore move  
Mr. GRIMES. Let us get it out of the way.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will move to postpone
it, with a view to take up another bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Move its indefinite post-
ponement.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to postpone the
present bill with a view to take up Senate bill
No. 554.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is !
moved that the present bill be postponed until
to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
chartering of railroad companies.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to take up
the bill I have indicated.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider .the bill (S. No. 554) to promote com-
merce among the States and to cheapen the
transportation of the mails and military and
naval stores.
The bill was read at length.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is before the Senate, being
the bill (S. No. 625) for the relief of Miss Sue
Murphey, of Decatur, Alabama.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Wis-
consin [Mr. Howe] has no objection, I would
rath'er say what I have to say in regard to
this railroad bill to-day, and then let it go
over until next Monday ; but still, if he desires
to go on with the bill, which is the regular
order, I shall not interpose.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that we shall hear
the Senator from Ohio on this bill, so that the
case may be considered as opened.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not expect to press
a vote to-day.
Mr. HOWE. Certainly I shall agree to
forego the regular order for a short time under
the circumstances. It may be laid aside inform-
ally, I suppose?
The PRESIDENTj)?o^em^or«. The special
order will be passed over informally, if there
be no objection.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like very much
to accommodate ths honorable Senator from
Ohio, but 1 think my colleague will find that if
the debate is opened on this great question of
building these railroads the speech of the Sena-
tor from Ohio may lead to debate; he will
never reach his bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not propose to press
the railroad bill to a vote now; but when I
have said what I have to say in regard to it,
to postpone it until Monday.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion being made, the special order is passed
over informally; and Senate bill No. 554 is
before the S$Aate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. SHB&MAN. Mr. President, this bill
roposes So charter three railroad companies
tXconstmct railroads respectively from Wash-
ington t6 New York, Pittsburg, and Cincin-
natiX/n presenting this bill the select com-
mitte*did not deem it essential to accompany
it with a written report, as numerous reports
have been made on similar bills and the con-
stitutional questions involved have been dis-
cussed since the formation of the Government.
In opening the argument I will content my-
self with stating the general reasons which
induce me to support this bill, leaving to other
members of the select committee the duty of
stating their own views and replying to any
objections of a legal or constitutional charac-
ter that may be urged in opposition to it.
The questions involved are—■
1. The necessity for new modes of railroad
transit to and from Washington.
2. The extent of the power of Congress over
existing railroads and its authority to construct
new roads.
First. As to the necessity for new modes of
railroad transit to and from Washington.
It is a remarkable fact that the only access
from the North, East, or West to Washington
is by one railroad, and that a feeder or branch
of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad.
There are now in the United States over
forty thousand miles of railway, and nearly
every city or town of importance has the
advantage of competing lines, and not one
approaching the population of Washington but
has several of these great avenues of travel
and transportation. This marked isolation of
