1869:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
Washington becomes more striking when we
consider it as the political capital of a country
of thirty-six million souls, thousands of whom
are compelled by public business and duties to
visit it, and most of whom naturally desire to.
visit it as the seat of all the great Departments
cf the Government. Our constituents, where
ever they reside, expect that their capital
should be accessible to all by the best modes
of transit enjoyed by other cities, and that this
transit should be as direct, cheap, and con-
venient as possible. The demand for such
means of transit comes to us with most force
from thosewko residein the District of Colum-
bia. They are mainly the workmen or agents
of the Government, or those who furnish them
supplies. They must depend entirely upon
Congress for the facilities of travel and trans-
portation. Congress has exclusive jurisdiction
overall matters in this District, and this author-
ity involves the duty to secure them modes of
transit equal to those enjoyed by other cities
within the jurisdiction of a State. Has this
duty been performed? Is the access to Wash-
ington such as is commensurate with the im-
portance of this city as the home of one hun-
dred thousand persons or as the political cap-
ital of the United States? Is the branch of
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad a reasonably
sufficient agency to transport all those whose
business or pleasure calls them here and the
supplies necessary for their maintenance? The
Baltimore and Ohio railroad is a corporation
created by the State of Maryland over which
the people of this District have no control.
Its main line and branches are five hundred
and thirteen miles long, and it leases and con-
trols other railroads probably of an equal
length. Its operations extend to and through
several States. The latest report we have of
its operations is for 1803. By this report it
then employed two hundred and forty-three
locomotivesand three thousand six hundred and
thirteen cars. Itgrossearningsinthatyearwere
$11,771,876. It maybe properly classed as
one of the great railroads of the United States.
It has been managed with ability, and its in-
fluence is felt not only in Maryland but in con-
necting lines with Cincinnati, Chicago, and
St. Louis. It competes with rival lines for
the business of nearly one fourth the popula-
tion of the United States, and it has the sub-
stantial monopoly of that of the District of
Columbia. Like other corporations its chief
motive is self-interest. Its great object is, first,
the profit of its owners; second, the commer-
cial interests of the city of Baltimore; and
third, the convenience of the people of Mary-
land. It has no motive to promote the local
interests of Washington, except as the busi-
ness done here increases its revenues. Every
regulation of the company makes Baltimore
the chief terminal point to or near which
every person traveling and every article car-
ried over their road must go. All freight to
Washington pays the charges to Baltimore
superadded to those from Baltimore to_ Wash-
ington, and the delay at Baltimore is con-
stantly complained of. Though Washington
is one great source of its business, it gives in
return but little to the local taxes or interests
of Washington.
It has greatly contributed to the growth and
prosperity of Baltimore. By traversing the
whole length of Maryland it furnishes the citi-
zens of that State excellent facilities of transit.
It depends for its corporate powers upon the
Legislature of Maryland, and may, if it abuses
its powers or neglects its duties, be called to
account by the people of Maryland. That it
obeys its obligations to Maryland is shown by
the fact that by the acquiescence of the Legis-
lature it possfissss & substantial control of th©
railroad traffic of that State. It pays to that
State enormous taxes, and is one of the C"1,
agencies of its wealth and prosperity. Mr.
Garrett, the president of the road, in his recent
address, very truly boasts of the beneficial
effect of this policy to the interests ot Balti-
more and Maryland. He says:
"This system has enabled you to expend, umloi
the present administration, after making moderate
dividends, move than fifteen million dollars toper-
feet your road with double tracks, with iron bridges,
andthe requisite machinery and buildings; to aid in
opening the line through theWashington county road
to the Cumberland valley of Pennsylvania, through
the Winchester and foromac road to the valley ot
Virginia, through Ihe-Parkersburg road to the Ohio
river and to Marietta and Cincinnati, and through
Bellaire and the Central Ohio road to Columbus,
thus connecting also with numerous radiating lines
from great centers of railway improvements. _ Ithas
enabled you, too, to organize—thus advancing the
interests of all regions with which you are con-
nected—lines of ocean steamships to Liverpool and
to Bremen, and to assist in establishing lines of
steamships between the leading cities upon the
southern coast and Baltimore. By economy and
prudence and persistent energy this vast sum has
been expended, enhancing and developing grand
public interests without any strain upon thelinances
of the State or city, nnrt these expenditures have
produced rapidly, and with almost magic power, the
largest reactive and most beneficial fruitions."
But this road bears no such relation to the
people of the District of Columbia. To the
latter it is simply a monopoly imposing its own
terms, including a tax on each person and on
all property transported to Washington, but
paid to the State of Maryland. Itis a monopoly
in that it prevents all rival lines, and indeed
every means of railroad transit from the resi-
dence of three fourths of the people of the
United States to Washington, except over their
road. Capitalists and rival interests would
have built other railroads to Washington long
since, and the only obstruction is this railroad,
which has thus far defeated all competition
and has monopolized on its own terms the
railroad transit to Washington.
A power like this in a single corporation,
however wisely exercised, would in time cause
serious dissatisfaction. It is inconsistent with
the general good of the States and the people,
which opposes monopoly and invites free eom-
petilion. Liberty to devise and employ new
agencies of commerce, to build new roads and
improve existing roads, is necessary to secure
the just exercise of corporate rights. It is,
therefore, natural that dissatisfaction should
occur with the present exclusive transit, even
if it yielded only a fair profit on the capital
employed and furnished direct, convenient, and
cheap communication.
But we find—
1. That the profit of the Washington branch
is grossly out of proportion to the cost of the
branch.
2. That it is not a direct route except to
Baltimore.
3. That it is not a convenient route, but
denies the usual facilities of travel except to
Baltimore.
4. That it is not a cheap route, but, though
very profitable, is more expensive than any
similar short line, and is used to levy for the
State of Maryland an unconstitutional tax.
First. The profit of the Washington branch
compared with its cost.
The latest return to which I have had access
is the report for the year 1865. From this, as
stated in Poor's Manual of Railroads, it ap-
pears that this branch is thirty miles long,
extending from Washington to Belay House,
Maryland, where it meets the main line, ihe
gross earnings for 1865 were $916,287, or oyer
$30,000 a mile. The expenses of operating
it were $365,294, and the net profits were
$550,992, or equivalent to ten per cent, on a
capital stock of $5,500,000. _
I have not a statement of the cost ot this
branch, but from the comparatively _ easy
grades, road-bed, and curvature, estimate
that $50,000 a mile, or $1,500,000, would re-
place the road at the present high prices. Ihe
route presents no engineering difficulties, and
with the exception of the bridge near the
main stem it requires no expensive bridges.
The capital stock of this branch is stated at
SI,615,000, and it has no debt. It thus appears
that the gross earningsoftlns branch will nearly
refund the stock in twenty months; that its
net earnings will refund the stock in thiee
years, and that the net earnings upon the stock
in 1865 were thirty-three per cent, on its capi-
tal stock, and upon its estimated cost at pres-
ent prices woultl exceed thirty-four per cent.
This enormous profit was divided between
the stockholders and the State of Maryland—
$16-5.000 or ten per cent, being paid to the
stockholders, $244,187 to the State of Mary-
land, and the very large surplus revenue then
accumulated, of $708,013, which was depos-
ited with or loaned to the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad.
It is manifest, from this statement, that a
monopoly so productive to all the parties con-
cerned will not be willingly yielded, however
burdensome it may be to the people of the
United States, and especially to so many of
them as reside in this District.
Second. The directness of the road.
The general direction of the branch is to the
northeast, and therefore furnishes a reasonably
direct route to Baltimore, and thence to the
northeast Atlantic border. To no other por-
tion of the United States does it furnish a direct
route. Passengersto the North, to Ilarrisburg,
and the body of the States of .New York and
Pennsylvania are required to go to Baltimore
and pursue their journey as hereinafter men-
tioned. The main stem of the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad is from east to west. The direct
route to those States crosses the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad at right angles, and to the people
of the West and North west the route is still more
indirect. By a feasible and direct route to
Pittsburg, the center of an existing system of
railroads, the distance would be about three
hundred miles, while by the present route via
Wheeling it is four hundred and ninety-two
miles, and via Harrisburg it is three hundred
and seventy-four miles. The managers of the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad have been author-
ized for years to bnild a branch of their road
from Washington along the line of the Potomac
to Harper's Ferry.
This branch would shorten the distance by
their line to Harper's Ferry fifty miles, or
from ninety-two miles to forty-two miles. But
the fact that so powerful a company has not
yet constructed this short branch, and has
scarcely commenced it, is explained by the pal-
pable reason that it is not their interest to
construct it. Their interest is to prolong the
travel over their main line, and if ever con-
structed by them it will be run subsidiary to
their main line. Even now, under the pressure
of threatened competition, we scarcely have a
promise of its speedy completion. Mr. Gar-
rett, in the address already quoted, says:
"A costly enterprise, largely for the benefit of the
capital—the Metropolitan road—is m progress. You
will remember that by this line the distance from the
Point of Rocks to Washington is reduced from
ninety-one to forty-two miles, and that by this ex-
pensive though verydireet avenue the city or v> ash-
in gum will by placed m most advantageous relations
with your entire system of improvements, which have
cost more than $50,000,000. By this road, in connec-
tion with the Pittsb'urg and Connellsville lino, the
distance is reduced seventy-four miles from Pitts-
burg, and one hundred and twenty-eight miles from
Cincinnati to Washington, as compared with tho
shortest lines to that city by the Pennsylvania road.'
Thus, while admitting the palpable indirec-
tion of the present route, its unprecedented
profit, and the fact that they have expended
$15,000,000 to improve their main line and
extend its connections, he gives us but little
encouragement for what he calls a "costly en-
terprise" and an " expensive but very direct
avenue to Washington." And yet this short
road of forty-two miles could be constructed
in one year, and from the accrued profits of
the Washington branch now loaned to the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad. Even when
made it will not relieve the chief want of tjiis
District, namely, a competing route.
Third. The convenience of the presentroute.
By the rapid development of railroads in
the United States certain facilities of transit
are indispensable to the comfort and safety of
travelers. These have been secured by the
competition of rival lines, and where denied
for any reason it is a just subject of complaint.
But where this denial is based upon the avoweu
purpose of obstructing travel over other routes
it becomes intolerable.
By the Baltimore and Ohio railroad a p&s^
senger to the East may, without change ot
