204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
cars by horse power, make a connection east
of Baltimore; but who can doubt but that if
free transit were allowed through Maryland
that the necessity for this tedious process of
transportation through Baltimore would be
avoided? There are no physical difficulties in
the way not easily overcome, so that the vast
tide of travel from the Northeast to the South
might pass by locomotive power near to and
around Baltimore, as well as other great cities
on the route. The danger of local obstruction
in a great city ought to be avoided, especially
when actual experience shows it to be con-
stantly imminent.
A President of the United States, to the
lasting disgrace of the nation, was compelled,
by an organized plot of assassination, to steal
through Baltimore at night in disguise. Sol-
diers duly summoned to the defense of the
capital were murdered in the streets of Balti-
more. For weeks the railroads in and near
Baltimore were in the possession of an armed
force in hostility to the United States, and the
rolling stock and property of the only railroad
to Washington were in the use of the public
enemy. At the same time their use was denied
to the Government of the United States. Re-
cently an armed mob in the streets of Balti-
more took possession of a train of cars and
insnlted passengers for political opiuions.
None of these outrages could have occurred
if there were free competing railroad lines
through and around Baltimore.
But the chief inconvenience of the present
system falls upon the transit to and from the
West. A passenger to the West has no choice
of route in that direction. He must go east-
wardly thirty miles toward Baltimore, and if
he wishes then to go West he must change
cars and take such seats as are unoccupied
from Baltimore. If he chooses some other
route to the West, he must pursue his journey
eastwardly to Baltimore, and then commence a
new journey. The Baltimore and Ohio railroad
will not connect with the only road from Balti-
more to the North. It will not transfer baggage
or sell tickets over or to that route. The time
tables are arranged to create delay in Balti-
more ; a rough omnibus or carriage ride across
the city one mile, with a scramble for baggage
at either end of the transit, are unreasonable,
inconvenient, and expensive, but they must be
endured. The tracks of the two roads actually
meet and connect, but the transfer is not made
at the point of connection, and there can be no
reason for this except the hostility of rival com-
panies—the desire to force the western travel
over the main line of the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad, and the fact that passengers are ut-
terly helpless to correct the evil. Tens of thou-
sands of passengers have passed through this
experience; many ladies and sick persons
have suffered severely. In cold and heat, by
day and by night, this antiquated system of
transfer goes on. It is estimated that the delay
and expense of this transit through Baltimore
has already exceeded the cost of a new line
from Baltimore to Washington. If this incon-
venience could fall upon the citizens of Mary-
land it would not have been endured, for they
could correct it; but all the passengers com-
pelled to undergo this transit are traveling be-
yond the limits of Maryland, and thus have
no remedy unless Congress can give them one.
It has been complained of here and every-
where, but the only reply is that it is not the
policy of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad to
make this connection. Recently, it is said,
efforts have been made to reconcile the petty
rivalries and jealousies of these roads, but it is
not done, and will not be done until competi-
tion compels them to regard the convenience
and coml'ort of their passengers. Even when
the transit is made at Baltimore the passenger is
further from his place of destination than when
he started from Washington, and yet this is
the only mode by which a citizen can travel
between Washington and the Northwest except
by the main line of the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad, which does uot and cannot make his
connections.
The same inconvenience occurs in the trans-
portation of supplies to Washington. Its citi-
zens depend mainly on the West for many
essential articles. These can only be trans-
ported by one route, and therefore from many
if not all the cities of the West and Northwest
the cost of transportation is greater to Wash-
ington than to New York, Philadelphia, or
Baltimore, while Washington is nearer th e co m-
raon source of supply than either of these cities.
This want of competition in transportation is
an essential element of the high cost of living
in Washington, and contributes to the demand
so often made and granted for increased salaries.
Fourth,. The cost of travel and transporta-
tion to Washington is greater than the same
distance on other roads. The charge is $1 50
for forty miles, or nearly four cents a mile.
This is greater per mile than the charge on the
main line—a far more expensive road; but the
main line competes with rival lines, while the
Washington branch does not. The tax levied
by Maryland on the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road is mainly levied upon the branch. It is
about $250,000 per annum for thirty miles, or
$8,000 a mile—a higher tax than the average
gross receipts of the railroads of the United
States. A similar tax levied on the three
thousand four hundred miles of railroad in
Ohio would yield $27,000,000, or several times
the aggregate revenue of that State. The state-
ments already given show that a mileage of
two cents, or eighty cents between Baltimore
and Washington, would on the present travel
yield a handsome profit, while it would largely
increase the travel and traffic on the road ; but
this can scarcely be hoped for when nearly
half of the net receipts must be paid the State
of Maryland as taxes.
The rates for transportation are also much
higher than on other railroads, and these
ratesare superadded to the reasonable through
rates of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad. The
following remarkable statements were made
in a report recently adopted by a public meet-
ing of citizens of Washington :
"The Washington branch of that road was built
under an act of the Maryland Legislature of 1830
and an act of Congress of 1831; by both of which acts
transportation, freight, and passenger rates are lim-
ited ; but the legal limits are, nevertheless, entirely
disregarded by that corporation." * * * *
"As an example of the character of the charges for
transportation, we have had our attention called to
the case of a merchant here who shipped hardware
from England; the ocean charges for tnree thousand
railes wore les^i than the railroad freight and charges
in and from Baltimore to Washington, thirty-nine
miles. Another recent case shows that the charges
from Chicago to Baltimore on a parcel of freight (all
the way by rail) were less than the charges in and
from Baltimore to Washington. We also find that
freights are taken from Baltimore to points in Vir-
ginia, and from places in Virginia to Baltimore,
passing through washington, at less rates than to
and from Washington."
The statements here made, if accurate, de-
mand at once a repeal of the several acts
authorizing the Baltimore and Ohio railroad
to enter the District of Columbia. Their right
to do so is based upon the act approved March
2, 1831. This act limits them "to the same
rights, compensation, benefits, and immuni-
ties as are prescribed in their said charter."
Since the passage of this act their charter has
been repeatedly altered by the Legislature of
Maryland and the rates of charges greatly
enlarged; but these changes cannot increase
the rates in the District of Columbia without
the consent of Congress. And yet, without
such consent, the increased rates allowed by
Maryland have been extended to Washington.
Full charges for freight were exacted from
the United States without abatement during
the war, while all other roads did lower their
rates to the Government, and on United
States troops the charge was one dollar to one
dollar and ten cents.
At the very time the United States was de-
fending Maryland from invasion by the rebels
she charged the United States a tax of thirty
cents on each soldier who traveled over this
road to her protection. The amount thus col-
lected from the United States far exceeded the
entire cost of building and running a new road
to Baltimore.
It is thus apparent that the railroad transit
toWashington is neither direct, convenient, nor
cheap, and that from the nature of the exist-
ing monopoly no remedy can be expected from
the State of Maryland. That State commands
every avenue of approach to Washington. It
ceded to the United States this District as a
national capital. This fact at common law
implies a reasonable right of way over her
remaining territory to the ceded territory. This
is not granted. She obstructs free communica-
tion between the capital and the great body of
the people. The inevitable tendency of this
policy is to unsettle the continuance of the
capital at this place. It is now far from the
center of population, but its fine location on
the Potomac, central between the North and
South, the historical associations connecting it
with General Washington, and the great ex-
penditure incurred for public buildings, will
secure the permanence of this location if direct,
convenient, and cheap communication may be
had to it from all parts of the country. One
chief reason urged for this location was its easy
access to the West by the old route of the
Potomac and Monongahela and Ohio rivers.
This is the great national route to the West—
the route of the Indian trails—of the pioneers
of Ohio and Kentucky, of Washington as a
surveyor and soldier, and apparent on the map
as the nearest and easiest connection between
the waters of the Atlantic and the waters of
the Upper Mississippi basin.
It is the route designated by Mr. Calhoun
in his report as Secretary of War in 1824 as
the route of highest importance, the improve-
ment of which would do more than any other
to bind together the three great geographical
divisions of the United States. Apart from
local interests it would be selected by any
competent engineer.
When the Baltimore and Ohio railroad was
built the interests of Baltimore and the Legis-
lature of Maryland diverted this route from
its natural course along the Potomac to Har-
per's Ferry eastward over a difficult country to
Baltimore, while westward from Cumberland
the local interests of Philadelphia and Penn-
sylvania prevented its construction to Pitts-
burg and forced it over dangerous and difficult
mountains to Wheeiing. The same adverse
local interests have been strong enough thus
far to prevent this national route from being
occupied. Andfhusthe chief reason for locat-
ing the capital of the nation here has been
counteracted, so that now this city is more dif-
ficult of access from the West than any city on
the sea-board. If this anomaly is continued it
will be impossible to resist the removal of the
capital to a more central location, free from
the danger of foreign and domestic violence,
and where the policy of the neighboring States
invites the freest and fullest competition in
modes and routes of transit of persons and
property.
The only remedy for all these complaints is
free competition in the building and running
of railroads to and from Washington. Where
this is allowed no legislative restraints or reg-
ulations are required. If the surrounding
States would adopt the general principle, now
nearly universal west of the Alleghanies, of
allowing any association to build a railroad
wherever local or general interests demand,
under general laws applicable to all alike,
complaint would ccase. The cost of railroads
will prevent their unnecessary increase, and
even where they are unprofitable as an invest-
ment they are greatly remunerative to the pub-
lic by the development of resources, ltail-
roads are never built except to make money
for the stoekholders, or to promote competition,
or to promote the general interests of the
locality. In any ease they contribute far more
to the general good than the inconvenience
or loss they inflict on the individual. Rail-
roads are vast agencies of commerce vitally
necessary to modern civilization, and it is as
wrong by law to limit the number of them as
to limit by law the number of steamboats,
cotton-mills, or blacksmith-shops.
