1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
Free competition in railroads is necessary in
another view. The tendency of the age is to
the combination of railroads—the union of
connecting and competing lines with a view
to prevent the redaction of fares. This pro-
cess has within a few years, by leases, by
divisions of profits, and by running arrange-
ments, united in a single interest, under a com-
mon control, over one thousand miles of
railroad, reaching through many States. The
only way to avoid injury from this combination
of capital is to invite new competing lines.
The liberty to build these is the only check
upon monopolies. But for this, existing rail-
roads would form combinations precisely as
they would be formed by merchants and man-
ufacturers if the freedom of new competition
did not compel them to gain their business
and profit by the cheapness of their commodi-
ties and the excellence of their productions,
rather than by special privileges.
A. greater danger presents itself than mere
combinations to regulate freight. It is the
combination of great corporations to control
Congress. A very marked example of this is
presented by the effort of great corporations to
oppose this bill. I will ask the Secretary to
read a circular letter recently published.
The Secretary read as follows :
Philadelphia, December 26,1868.
Sir: Two bills (Senate bills 554 and 681) are now
pending before the Senate of the United States, each
of which, incorporates several companies, and author-
izes them to build railroads, seven in all, radiating
from Washington and extending over seven or eight
diiierent States. These bills confer very great pow-
ers and impose few restrictions. For example, one
efthem authorizes the construction of a road to any
point on any rulroad in Virginia.
It. is well understood that this is but an entering
wedge to a ystem of railroad legislation by Congress,
ii,tended to extend over every part nf the c untry.
Believing that such congressional legislation will
be destructive of existingrailroad interests, p'omote
wild and dishonest speculation, and be highly de-
moralizing in its influence, we call your especial and
immediate attention to it.
Many of the corporators named in these bills—
some of them officers of existing uiihoads—have
never been consulted. This has given the impres-
sion that influential men and companies f<ivor this
legislation who in fact are strongly opposed to it.
[Jnder the impression that no sucli bill can pass,
railroad companies generally have not opposed the
measure. Prominent Senators, however, say that
The danger is great and imminent, and that it calls
for immediate and vigorous exertions on the part of
existing railroad officers to avert it.
Should this matter appear to you as it does to us,
we suggest that you use your inilucnce v,ith your
iii-Mids in Congiess, especially in the Senate, to de-
ieat ail such measures.
J. EDGAR THOMSON,
President Pennsylvania Railroo<l Company.
GEORGE W. CASS,
President Pittsburg, Fort Wav e,
and Chicago Railway.
T. L. JEWETT,
President Pittsburg, Cincinnati,
and St. Louii Railroad.
ISAAC HINCKLEY,
President Philadelphia, yiihmngton,
and' Baltimore Railroad.
CHARLES E SMITH,
President Phdadelphia and Reading Railroad.
ASHBEL WELCH,
General President oj United Companies
of New Jersey.
A. L. "DENNIS,
President New Jersey Railroad and
Transportation Company.
WM. H. GATZMER,
President Camden and Amboy Jtailroad
and Transportation Company.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know the gentlemen
whose names appear attached to this paper.
They are among the ablest railroad managers
in the United States. But, sir, if they make
combinations of capital to prevent competition
they must expect new competitors. They
control powerful corporations, but these cor-
porations are subject to law. They have no
exclusive powers, and let me say to them, in all
kindness, that this effort of theirs is ill-advised,
and if persevered in will result in political
.combinations, both in the States and in Con-
gress, that will-override at once their efforts to
prevent new railroads, new combinations, and
improved facilities. , .
Experience has shown that free competition
is not only beneficial to the public, but is not
injurious to the railroads. A new railroad de-
velops its own business; the reduction of prices
caused by competition increases the amount ot
business, and often increases the net earnings
of a road. Competition promotes economy in
railroad management. It destroys corruption,
which is usually an instrument of monopoly.
In every aspect, and to every interest, a free
competition in railroads is beneficial; it de-
velops local resources, it increases subordinate
industries, it cheapens the cost of living; while
monopoly in railroads has the opposite ten-
dency, and creates a feeling of dissatisfaction
which in the end, without regard to legal
enactments, will overthrow it. •
Marked examples of this policy may be seen
in different parts of the United States. Ohio
commands every avenue of approach from the
East to the West. Lake Erie bends into her
northern boundary, while the hills of Kentucky
obstruct railroads through her territory. By
taxes or monopolies Ohio might have greatly
obstructed free communication among the sev-
eral States. She might, have protected her grain
markets from the competition of the West. She
might have arranged her taxes so as to have
levied them on the neighboring States. She
adopted, however, the policy of free competi-
tion, Railroad charters were granted whenever
desired, and finally a general railroad law
allowed any association to build railroads any-
where upon regulations applicable to all alike.
The result is the building of three thousand
and four hundred miles of road, most of which
is producing an actual profit to the stock-
holders, and every mile of which is of greater
local benefit than the cost. New roads are
being constructed, new competition created,
until now cities of the smaller class build rail-
roads merely to secure local competition. All
the great lines from the Atlantic to the West
are now competing in the different parts of Ohio
for local business. They have extended their
connecting arms in every direction. The Bal-
timore and Ohio railroad also avails itself of
this policy and of the laws of West Virginiaand
Pennsylvania to improve and extend iis con-
nections. It now reaches with its connections
to Cleveland, Chicago, St. Louis, and Cincin-
nati and the Southwest. It wisely and ably
competes with all the great hues from Phila-
delphia, New York, and Boston. This com-
petition is in the interest of the people, and if
left untrammeled by State monopolies will
secure cheap transportation. Yet while this
road extends its operations into the natural
fields of other corporations it carefully guards
its monopoly here. Its rivals are not allowed by
the State of Maryland lo compete here. Wash-
ington is excluded from the benefit of this
healthy competition. The passenger from the
West, and Northwest may reach any city of the
sea-coast from Portland to Baltimore by his
own choice of competing lines, bu'. he cannot
approach Washington except through or near
Baltimore, and then only by a branch of one
of the great competing lines, which, in its public
advertisements, declares as an inducement lor
traveling over its main line to the West that it
will not allow the usual facilities in the transfer
of passengers and baggage to other lines in that
direction. Such a policy naturally produces
resentment, which, if it can find no remedy iu
the power of Congress, will find it in the re-
moval of the seat of Government.
| I have thus far considered the question as
a local one, affecting alone the citizens of
I Washington, or those coming to or going from
i Washington. There is another view far more
j important. The right of a State to obstruct
! commerce and communication between the
j States by imposing taxes on commerce, or by
granting special privileges and monopolies, has
often been denied in Congress and by the courts,
and presents a question of infinitely greater
proportions than the dwarfing of Washington
or the cost and inconvenience of persons trav-
eling to Washington. It is the same question
which mainly led to the adoption ot the Coo*
stitution, to the formation of the Zollverein of
Germany, and to the formation of the present
empires of France and Great Britain. It is the
struggle between local restrictions and tae lib-
erty of commerce. The effort to haiiuomze
these was attempted by the Constitution of the
U nited States. Local govern ment for local pur-
poses is the primary object of cities, counties,
and States; general government for general
objects affecting the people of the nation was
the object of the national Government.
The precise boundary between these must
always be the subject of dispute; and this must
especially occur where a specific power is given
to both the States and the United States. The
power over commerce is of this character:
^Congress has power " to- regulate commerce
with foreign nations and among the several
States and with the Indian tribes." Here the
power of Congress is only limited by the nature
of the commerce. The power over local com-
merce between the citizens of a State is left
exclusively to the States, but commerce among
the States is to be regulated by Congress.
Railroads are the agents both of local com-
merce and commerce among the several States.
This creates the difficulty of defining the limits
of the power of Cougross and the States., Nav-
igable streams, even i'f within the limits of a
State, have been repeatedly held to be subject
to the regulation of Congress. Unnavigabla
streams within the limits of a State are exclu-
sively within the jurisdiction of a State. (Vea-
zie vs. Moore, 14 Howard, 598.) States create
railroads for local commerce. May not Con-
gress create railroads for commerce among the
States ? . States prescribe fare and freights for
local commerce. May not Congress do the
same for commerce among the States? This
brings us to the general constitutional ques-
tion involved iu this and all the bills referred
to the select committee : does the Constitution
eoufer upon Congress the power by general
regulations or by new corporations to control
and build railroads?
The general design of the Constitution was
to secure to Congress all legislative power af-
fecting the interests of more than one State
and essential to the general welfare. The powers
reserved to the States, or not delegated to Con-
gress, are such as affect solely the domestic
interests and happiness of the people within
the Stales. All questions of education, the do-
mestic relations, of contracts, nearly all ques-
tions of municipal law, are reserved to the
States, because they affect only the people of
the State, and depend lipon locality, wealth,
density of population, the employment of the
people, and a multitude of considerations prop-
erly to be judged of by the vicinage or State.
But where the questions involved affect the
people of other States the Constitution with-
holds their decision from local authority and
intrusts them to Congress as the representa-
tives of the whole people. Thus questions of
peace or war, of armies and navies, of foreign
intercourse, of commerce with foreign nations
I and among the several States, are carefully
j reserved for the consideration of Congress. It
j may sometimes be difficult to draw the line
between local commerce within the State and
general commerce between the States, but there
can be 110 difficulty in classifying the vast oper-
ations of modern railroads, telegraph, and
transportation companies, reaching from State
to State, as commerce among the Slates. Com-
merce between New York and Chicago, trav-
ersing several States, cannot be classed as local
interstate commerce, nor is it made so by
being carried on by different agents of the sev-
eral States. Though chartered by different
States, if they form a connecting line for a
single voyage they are agents of a commerce
between States, and are subject to the regula-
tion of Congress. If, by the policy of their
State or by local interests, they fail to conduct
this commerce between States iu a convenient,
cheap, and expeditious manner, they may he
superseded by other agencies created by Con-
gress. The power to regulate includes the
power to enforce regulations. The law of a
State cannot obstruct or oppose this power.
Nor can its agents, under shelter ot the au-
thority of the State, impede, retard, or delay
commercg among the States.
Civilization is often a question of commum-
