1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115?
be compelled on the 20th of the coming April
to take out a bond for what is estimated as
about eight million gallons of fine whisky, every
gallon of which would lose some of its market
value by being thrown upon the market sud-
denly and by being deprived of the guarantee
of the bonded warehose certificate as to its age.
It might be proper in this connection to say
that if the time were thus extended it would be
well to make a charge upon this home produc-
tion in warehouse as is done upon foreign goods
in warehouse. We charge upon them ten per
cent, for the two last of the three years they are
allowed to remain. Some amendment of that
kind might be added here, as a proposition for
retaining the bonded warehouse. It makes the
extension one year.
Mr.-SCHENCK. I wish to understand what
extension is proposed. The section, as amended
by the committee, now reads as follows:
That all distilled spirits in any bonded warehouse
shall, on or before the 20th of April, 18ti9, be with-
drawn from such warehouse, and the taxes paid on
the same; and the casks or packages containing said
spirits shall be marked and stamped and be subject
in all respects to the same requirements as if manu-
factured alter the passage of this act. And any dis-
tilled spirits remaining in any bonded wa-rehoirse
after the 20th of April, 1869, shall be forfeited to the
United States.
The gentleman, I understand, proposes to
strike out "1869" in both cases and insert
"1870."
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sir.
,Mr. SCHENCK. In other words, to give
ju^t one year more for taking whisky out of
bond.
Mr. KELLEY. That is it.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is what is called the
extension proposition for the benefit of the fine
whisky. This whole matter was discussed in
the Committee of Ways and Means very fully,
and we considered, in view of all that might
be said in behalf of this extension and in view
of all the objections to opening up, as we ap-
prehended. the longer the whisky is permitted to
be kept in bond, chances for fraud are far less.
These bonded warehouses are occasionally
burned down; they are occasionally infested by
rascally storekeepers and other persons, with
and without pretended authority of law, who
cither commit themselves or wink at the com-
mission of fraud and evasions of the law on the
part of others ; so that the longer you continue
whisky in bond the more you open the chances.
I do not propose to go into the whole discus-
sion on this subject, but I submit the question
to the House to be acted upon simply upon the
statement of the fact. After going over the
arguments pro and con which suggest them-
selves to the mind of any person, the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means came to the conclusion
not to propose any extension, notwithstanding
the strong pressure brought to bear. Liquor
dealers have appeared before the committee,
some lor and some against the extension, be-
cause there seems to be a difference of opinion
even among them, and we came to the conclu-
sion at which we arrived, as submitted in the
shape of the amendment, whi-h we have made,
adjuring it so that the effect of the law shall
stand as it is now upon the statute-book.
Mr. KELLEY. I withdraw the amendment
Mr. COVUDE. I renew it for the purpose
of saying a lew words uii this subject, in my
district there is moie of this fine whisky made
than in any two other districts in the United
States. There are sixleeti large distilleries.
Neurly all the fine whisky sold in the eastern
market is made in that district. I t is kept from
two to five years generally before it is put
into market. In Westmoreland county, the
wealthiest county m my district, there are but
$50,000 is banking capital—not banking capi-
tal enough to run one distillery ; and if these
distillers ar§ compelled to put that whisky
into the market on the 20th of April they
must wind up their business, and their busi-
ness must, pass into the hands of moneyed men
who can hold the whisky; they cannot do it
and pay the tax.
Now, Mr. Chairman, we are giving to im-
porters of foreign goods one year in which
their whisky may lie in bond, and after that we
charge them a certain per cent., as my-colleague
stated, for the next two years. Why not let
our own distillers off in the same viray ? They
are making the only whisky that comes in
competition with the foreign article, and if you
drive them to the wall there can be no fine
whisky unless it passes into the hands of cap-
italists who can buy it up and control the
market by paying the tax and holding it, and
the distillers for the time being must become
mere hewers of wood and drawers of water for
the capitalists of the country. Force these
men to put the whisky into the market' now,
and I know what their condition is. They are
not able to pay the tax, and the effect will be
that capitalists will get it at their own price.
No-t only that, but the whisky that pays the most
tax is that which is made by these legitimate
distillers, and I will tell you there has never
been an intimation by the revenue department
that there has been any fraud perpetrated by
any one of the distillers in my district save
one, and I have requested that he shall be
wound up. The Government derives more
revenue from them than from any other dis-
tillers in the United States, and I do not want
then crushed and driven to the wall and driven
out of their legitimate business, because I say
they cannot, under the operation of the law,
continue to make whisky and hold it until it
ripens or comes to an age at which it is gen-
erally sold.
Mr. KELLEY. I do not think the question
before the committee has much to do with the
distilleries directly, although there may be
some in my colleague's district that it would
affect. Nor does it affect the whisky question
at large. Its operation will be confined to the
fine whisky that is carefully prepared for table
use. Common whisky does not improve by
age ; that which is produced for mechanical
purposes does not improve by age, and there-
fore will not bear keeping for improvement.
The finely-made, carefully-prepared whiskies
do improve by age, and the improvement is a
compensation forthe loss of interest, it there-
fore would operate only upon that class of
whisky which comes in competition, as my
colleague has said, with foreign brandies and
other liquors. It is an effort on my part and
on his to develop the home trade to the exclu-
sion of the foreign article, and I think we would
do well in giving the extension for which I
have asked for one year, thus imposing on the
owners of the property a tax corresponding to
that which we impose on the foreign goods in
bonded warehouses for the last two years.
Mr. COVODE. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BECK. I renew the amendment for the
purpose of saying a few words. I desire to
meet the principal objection made by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means. I
admit thai, the Government ought to be care-
fully guarded, that anything which tends to
diminish the chance of the Government to
secure itself and obtain the tax ought to be
avoided, and that all opportunity for fraud
ought to be cut off. Now, this is the state of
the case: when whisky made since the 20th
of July, 1868, is put in bond the owner of it
has to give his bond for the whole amount.
He is allowed nothing forleakage, nothing for
destruction, and no matter whether it is stolen
afterwaid or consumed by fire at the store, be
has to pay for the amount of whisky that was
put into the warehouse, and the Government
gets it, and therefore the Government does not
run any risk by its being allowed to remain there.
It is important to have this extension of time,
because if you force this whisky to be put upon
the market by a given day, then it must be sold
at a sacrifice for whatever sum it will bring.
Now, all these gentlemen ask is an extension
of time, so that they can put their whisky
upon the market as the necessities of the mar-
ket may require, making them pay, if you
please, one per cent, a month as an induce-
ment to them to taiie their whisky out of bond
at the earliest possible day, and not compelling
them to take it out and sell it at a sacrifice
■when there is no demand for it in the market.
The Government is rendered perfectly ;seeure.
All that is asked is an' extension of time, for
which they are willing to pay1, if you please, at
the rate of ten per cent, a year,of more if that
is not deemed enough, so that they'can take
their whisky out of bond and sell it ftd the
call of the market will justify, instead of being
forced to take it out on a given day. It seems
to me that the Government can lose nothing
by that arrangement. And thus, while you are
seeking to acquire revenue, you give the man-
ufacturer a living chance. This amendment
will do that without doing any possible harm
to the Government or to any one else. - •
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to oppose theamend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley.] in doing so I desire to say that I
agree with him that the question involved is
an important one.
I desire to call the attention of the Commit-
tee of the Whole to the history of this particu-
lar clause of the bill. This amendment ap-
plies to whisky that was placed in bond before
the tax was reduced from two dollars per gal-
lon to fifty cents per gallon. When that ques-
tion was under consideration during the last,
session of Congress the provision originally
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means
required that all whisky in bond should imme-
diately pay the tax. That provision of the
committee was afterward-revised so as to allow
whisky already in bond to remain in bond for
one hundred days after the passage of the law.
When that question came into the House it
was amended by extending the time to six
months. The bill then went to the Senate,
and that body amended it so as to extend the
time during which the whisky already in bond
could remain in bond to one year after the-
passage of the act. The whole subject was
then referred to a committee of conference,
which committee finally agreed that the whisky
that had been placed in bond under the two
dollar tax should be allowed to remain in bond
for nine months after the passage of the act,.
And now the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kelley] proposes to extend that time
for one year longer.
The Committee of Ways and Means have
listened patiently to the gentlemen who have
made arguments before them upon this ques-
tion. The strongest argument that has been
presented to the committee in favor of the
extension of time is the assimilated argument
referring to foreign brandies that are imported
into the United States, and which, under our
tariff laws, are permitted to remain in bond
for one year afier importation, and for an ad-
ditional two years upon the payment of ten
per cent,, at the end of that' time, in addition
to the amount of duty originally imposed by
the tariff. But gentlemen should remember
that the tariff laws impose a duty upon im-
ported brandies of $2 50 per prool gallon; so
that the producer of distilled spirits has now
a protection of two dollars per gallon it he
comes in competition with brandy that has
been imported. For my milf I should prefer
ihnt the provision of the law allowing imported
brandies to rt-maiu in bond for three \ears
should be repealed, ai>d I have no doubt that
will be done.
Now, I call the attention of the Committee
of the Whole to the fact that what we all most
desire, and what, I believe, the honest distiller
and dealer in distilled spirits most desires, is
uniformity in the law upon this subject. It
may operate rather harshly upon a cluss^ of
men who now have a large amount of whisky
in bond, placed there under the two-dollar tax
with the expectation that the tax would be
reduced, as it was, to fifty cents per gallon,
and that because of that reduction they would
be able to realize large profits. I say it may
operate harshly upon some of those men who
still have a large amount of this whisky in
bond. But they have had nine momhs to pre-
pare for taking this whisky out of bond ; and
the man who has distilled whisky since July?
20, 1868, has distilled it with the knowledge
