1158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
that this whisky will be taken out of bond on
the 20th day of April next. Although this
provision may operate harshly, as I believe it
will, upon a,few men who are not perhaps able
to pay without some embarrassment the amount
required of them on the 20th of April, yet I
submit to the committee that this is the best
possible solution of this question of whisky in
bond, all distillers being placed upon an equal
footing with reference to the matter.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Kelley, there were—ayes 25, noes 24;
no, quorum voting.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Keiaey,] in order to
relieve us from the necessity of a call of the
roll, will withdraw the amendment, to renew it
at the next meeting, and then let the commit-
tee, rise.
Mr. KELLEY. With that understanding I
withdraw the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the commit-
tee rise, with a view to an adjournment.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Blaine hav-
ing taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore,
Mr. Scofield reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had, ac-
cording to ordet1, had under consideration the
bill (H.R.No. 1060) to reduce into one act and
to amend the laws relating to internal taxes,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. SCHENCK,
(at nine o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m ,)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropiiate
committees:
By Mr. BINGHAM: The memorial of Rev.
J. A. Thompson, of Londonderry, Ohio, and
I!,000 others, Christian citizens of the sixteenth
congressional district in the State of Ohio,
praying such an alteration in the Constitution
of the United States as shall acknowledge
Almighty God as the source of all authority
and power in civil government, the Lord Jesus
Christ as the ruler among the nations, and His
revealed will as of supremo authority in order
to constitute a Christian government.
Also, the memorial of Samuel Galbreath and
100 others, citizens of Harrison county, Ohio,
to the same tenor and effect.
By Mr. COVODli: A petition of over 400
citizens of western Pennsylvania, in favor of
an amendment to the Constitution so as to
acknowledge the Supreme Being.
By Mr. DELANO : The memorial of R. W.
Wallace, of Otsego, Ohio, and 100 others,
praying such an alteration in the Constitution
of the United States as shall acknowledge
Almighty God as the source of all authority
and power in civil government, the Lord Jesus
Christ as the ruler among the nations, and His
■•evealed will as of supremo authority in order
toconstitute a Christian government.
By Mr. ELA: The petition of John P. Davis,
of Laconia, New Hampshire, for increase of
pension.
By Mr. GARFIELD : Petitions for an ap-
propriation in behalf of the National Soldiers'
Orphan Home at Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.
_ By Mr. KELSEY: Preamble and resolu-
tions adopted by the Union Wool Growers'
Association^ of Ontario and Livingston coun-
ties, New York, at their annual meeting on
the 2d day of February, 1869, against the
renewal of the so-called reciprocity treaty with
Canada.
KOONTZ: The petition of R. G.
AlcOreary and 42 others, citizens of Gettys-
burg, Adams county, Pennsylvania, asking for
an amendment of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States so as to acknowledge Almighty God
as the source of all authority and power in
civil government.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: The
petition ot Morgan 1 yle, late of a Pennsylvania
regiment of volunteers, praying for an act to
relieve him from certain disabilities to enable
him to draw his bounty.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The memorial of Isaac
Riceden, of Scott county, Tennessee, praying
compensation as first lieutenant, company E,
eleventh regiment Tennessee cavalry volun-
teers.
Also, the petition of William Carr Davis, of
Morgan county, Tennessee, late private com-
pany B, -eleventh regiment Tennessee cavalry
volunteers, praying for a pension.
By Mr. MOORE : ,A petition of owners and
masters of vessels of the city of New York,
praying intervention of Congress to protect all
engaged in navigation from illegal exactions
by State and municipal corporations.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of W.
L. Dorsey and 105 others, citizens of Gibson
county, Indiana, praying that the Constitution
of the United States may be so amended as to
recognize the Christian religion as of suprem-e
authority in the affairs of the Government.
By Mr. PLANTS: The petition of N. H.
Vanborker and 250 others, citizens of Athens
county, Ohio, protesting against the further
grant by Congress of either land or money to
railroad or other corporations.
By Mr. VAN AUKEN: The petition of
William Horatio Brown, of Matthews, Vir-
ginia, for removal of political disabilities.
By Mr. WILLIAMS : The petition of W. J.
Dowesty and 353 others, citizens of Alleghany
county, Pennsylvania, praying for such an
amendment of the Constitution as will recog-
nize Almighty God as the source of all au-
thority in civil government.
Also, a like petition of Robert Dodd and
111 others, citizens of Armstrong and Butler
counties, Pennsylvania.
Also, a like petition of James Aiken and 40
others, citizens of Weston, Pennsylvania.
Also, a like petition of A. H. Aiken and 23
others,citizensof Butlercauiity, Pennsylvania.
Also,,a like petition of Robert Black and
148 others, citizens of Butler county, Penn-
sylvania.
Also, a like petition of J. McPherson and
05 others, citizens of Butler county, Pennsyl-
vania.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 13, 1809.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, and by
unanimous consent, the reading of the Journal
of yesterday was dispensed with.
ckeduntiat.s.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the credentials of Hon. Reuben E. Fenton,
elected by the Legislature of New York a Sen-
ator from that Stale for the term cotamencing
March 4, 1809 ; which were read, and ordered
to be filed.
Mr. FRELINGUUYSEN presented the cre-
dentials of Hon. John P. Stockton, elected by
the Legislature of New Jersey a Senator from
that State for the term commencing March 4,
1860; which were read, and ordered to be
filed.
SMTTJISONIAN REPORT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the annual report of the Board of
Regents of the Smithsonian Institution, show-
ing the operations, expenditures, and condi-
tion of that institution for the year 1868 ; which
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to present the
usual resolution that has been passed for the
last ten years for printing additional copies of
the report of the Smithsonian Institution ; I
suppose b.y law it must go to the Committee
on Printing.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
SesoherJ, That fivo thousand copies of the report
of the Smithsonian Institution for tho year 18G8 be
printed, three thousand for the use of the Senate and
two thousand for the institution, and that said report
be stereotyped: Provided, That the aggregate num-
ber of pages of said report shall not exceed four hun-
dred and fifty without illustrations, except those fur-
nished by the institution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The res-
olution will be referred to the Committee on
Printing.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Massachusetts, praying for an appro-
priation to the funds of the National Home-
stead at, Gettysburg for the orphans of soldiers
and sailors of the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of James
Browne, praying the removal of the political
disabilities imposed on him by acts of Congress;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
He aiso presented seven petitions of citizens
of Massachusetts, praying that the right of suf-
frage be granted to women in the District of
Columbia and in the Territories ; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the memorial of
Edward W. Bass, of Virginia, praying the re-
moval of the political disabilities imposed on
him by Congress; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Thomas D.
Morrison, of New Hampshire, asking for pay
for services in the war of 1812; wh'ich was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HARLAN presented two petitions of
citizens of the United States, praying for such
an amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States as will fully acknowledge the obli-
gations of the Christian religion; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented tho petition of
John Woodworth, praying to be allowed a
pension ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions
Mr. POMEROY presented three petitions
of citizens of Kansas, praying that the right of
suffrage be extended to women in the District
of Columbia; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. POMEROY. I have the honor to pre-
sent a petition from George Farming and one
hundred and eleven others, settlers on the
Shawnee lands in the State of Kansas, praying
that Congress, bj' a law or by an amendment
to some treaty, may secure the settlers in their
homesteads, not exceeding one hundred and
Sixty acres, at a price not exceeding, $1 25 an.
acre. These settlers have been for ten years
on these lands without having a title, and their
cause is very strongly recommended. I move
that the petition be referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I present the memorial
of the matrons of the Colored Orphan Home in
this District, in which they set forth that their
institution has been sustained mostly by volun-
tary contributions, and has been aided to some
extent by the Commissioner of the Freedmen's
Bureau; but as that bureau is now terminated
they ask for an appropriation, and they submit
with their memorial the annual report, show-
ing the number that weie aided and the condi-
tion and character of the institution. I move
that this memorial, with the accompanying
annual report of the institution, be referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and I trust that they will give it attention, so
that the appropriation can be put upon an
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS presented a petition of citi-
zens of Washington county, Maryland, praying
for such an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States as will fully acknowledge the
obligations of the Christian religion; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CHANDLER presented three petitions
of citizens of Michigan, praying for such an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States as will fully acknowledge the obliga-
tions of the Christian religion ; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FERRY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up House bill No. 1345,
