1160
THE .'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
$h&fre*$e tng, there. would be.a genera] attend-
ance'. - This practice of sotting apart an even-
ing, ftr the discussion of particular business is
new experiment in the Senate. I think it
was never entered upon before the last Con-
gress, and it has operated exactly as I have
described. I am willing to have evening ses-
sions, but I ihink they should be like your day
sessions, subject to be employed upon such
business as the Senate chooses to enter upon.
Mr. HOWE. I think the effect of an even-
ing'session is very much as the Senator from
Iowa has described; but I would like to have
him find a remedy for another difficulty. I
suppose- the Senator from Minnesota [Mr.
Ramsey] finds great difficulty in getting busi-
ness from his committee before the Senate
when he has to antagonize it with other bills
which are considered or claimed to be more
important. I know that is the difficulty which
I experience. I have been able to get but one
bill before the Senate from the Committee on
Claims this session, and I was mighty sorry I
got that up. [Laughter.] I found it quite as
difficult to get rid of it Sifter it once came up
as I did to get it up. Prom that time to this I
have been watching eagerly every morning
hour, first with the hope of getting some one
Qf the bills reported by that committee acted
upon during the morning hour; I have utterly
failed in that; and the last week or twol have
been watching for an opportunity'to ask for the
assignment of an evening to that business, just
as the Senator from Minnesota has asked one
for his business; but I have not seein an oppor-
tunity when I could get in with such an appli-
cation as that. The consequence is, that we
are examining cases and reporting upon them
and getting no action by the Senate. There
are some little matters that ought to be acted
upon, and a great many of them that ought to be,
but I do not expect to get action. If we cannot
have evenings assigned or some time assigned
for til© consideration of these claims I shall
have to antagopize them against whatarc called
public measures, and the Senate will not enter
tain tliem asagainst public measures ordinarily.
Now, 1 should like to know how I am to get
along.
Mr. POMEROY. I can suggest a remedy
to the Senator,
Mr, HOWE. That is what I want to hear.
Mr. POMEfiOy. If he will adopt the rule
I introduced^ this morning, giving the Senate
power to limit debate, ho can pass some meas-
ures; hut if we are to have interminable
debate, then there is no public or private bill
that can be passed.
Mr. HOWE. I will agree to the rule.
Mr. POMEROY. I would not myself want
the previous question ; but I do want a provis-
ion by which a majority or three fifths of the
Senate shall say when debate shall terminate
on a given proposition ; and I think if that
rule were adopted we could dispense with all
further evening sessions and complete the busi-
ness of the session.^ Unless we do adopt such
a rule I shall be in favor of sitting day and
night. Those who were here last night'know
that we had a very full Senate, and I doubt not
we shall have a full Senate on Monday and
Tuesday evenings next.
Mr. GRIMES. There is a rule of the Sen-
ate that has been in force, I think, for sixty
years, which until within a few years past,
until after the war began, was abided by ; and
that was that Friday of every week should be
set aside as a private bill day, when just such
bills as the Senator from Wisconsin and the
Senator from Minnesota desire to have taken
u*\iu 'be evening were taken up and discussed.
Mr. POMEROY. Will the Senator tell us
which rule that is?
Mr. GRIMES, I have not got a copy of the
rules. "
rule'' ^ was a usage, not a
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know whether it
was a positive rule, but that was the custom
and usage of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no such rule.
Mr. GRIMES. I know it was the practice,
at any rate.
Mr: SHERMAN. It was the rule of the
House and the practice of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Ohio says
it was the rule of the House and the practice
of the Senate. I know it was the practice here
from the time I first came here until after the
war began, until after we began to cease to
pay much attention to private claims, and
then this new practice sprung up of jumping
up with a private claim and trying to press it
through the Senate at any odd moment. I
think that if we went back to the old practice
and set aside Friday in the day time, when
Senators can conveniently come, those that
are a little infirm in health as well as those
who are robust and strong, we should be apt
to get a fairer expression of the sentiment of
the Senate upon questions that may be in-
volved in any of these private bills than we
are apt to get in the method proposed.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think the Senator must
concede that with the growth of the country,
and consequent growth of the business of the
Senate, there must be some safety-valve; unless
we do dispose of business of this character at
our evening sessions we shall get into such
conflicts that it will be impossible to do busi-
ness in the regular day sessions of the Senate.
The interest of everybody here will be here-
after to vote against any measure anybody else
may bring up unless you do something of this
kind. It is a practice that has grown up with
the growth of the Senate, and 1 trust we shall
adhere to it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Tt is utterly impossible
to transact any business when every member
of this body is contesting for the floor with his
specialty, his particular measure. 1 hope that
the motion of the Senator from Minnesota will
prevail, and that one evening will be set aside
for the Post Office Committee and a day to
each com mittee, and stop this antagonism which
leads to debate, and as a consequence of which
nothing is done except discuss the order of
business. If the evening was assigned forgen-
eral purposes the Senator from Minnesota
would get, perhaps, a single bill passed, and
then there would be a discussion as to the order
of business, and that is all that would be ac-
complished at the evening. I hope his motion
will prevail, and that an evening will be set
apart for the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The ques-
tion is 011 the motion that the kSenate take a
a recess on Tuesday, from lour to seven o'clock,
for the purpose of considering on that evening
business reported from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post lioads.
Mr. WHYTE. I move to amend the motion
so as to make it Ihursday, and I will say to
the Senator from Minnesota that I think we
shall concur in the motion if he will agree to
have the meeting on that day.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should be very glad to
accede to the proposition of the Senator from
Maryland, but it is getting to be so late in the
session that important business will be lost by
the delay of two or three days now. If it were
not for that I should agree to the Senator's
suggestion.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Maryland, to amend the motion by inserting
'"Thursday " instead of " Tuesday."
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion now recurs on the motion of the Senator
from Minnesota.
The motion was agreed to.
mrs. mary lincoln.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to consider Senate joint resolution
No. 190, granting a pension to Mrs. Mary Lin-
coln, widow of the late President of the United
States, who was killed during the war of "the
rebellion.
Mr. NYE. I ask the honorable Senator to
yield to me for one moment, until I can call up
Senate bill No. 860.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senator's pardon.
The Senator ought not to ask that this resolu-
tion be delayed.
Mr. NYE. This bill will not take a moment.
Mr. SUMNER. And this resolution will
not take a moment if the Senate is just, and
I believe the Senate is just.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. One objec-
tion carries it over until the morning business
is disposed of.
Mr. SUMNER. Nobody objects to this.
The PRESlDE'NTpro tempore. Does any
Senator object?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to inquire
how many bills reported by the Committee on
Pensions stand in advance of the bill that it
is proposed to have taken up out of its order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. About
fifty were received yesterday from the House
of Representatives.
Mr. SUMNER. Those come later. The
Senator will take notice that those of yesterday
are later than this.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There are a great many
on the Calendar earlier.
Mr. POMEROY. Although this is an adverse
report, it is the first one.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will settle
this question now without deoate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to taking up the joint resolution
mentioned by the Senator from Massachusetts ?
Mr. McCREERY. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it goes over.
medical history op the rebellion.
Mr. NYE. I now desire to call up Senate
bill No. 860.
Mr. AN THONY. I askthe Senator to allow
me to make a report.
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was recommitted the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 217) for printing the Medical
and Surgical History of the Rebellion, have in-
structed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and to recommend its passage. I am
now able to answer the questions which the
Senator from New York [Sir. Conkling] pro-
•posed to me when the resolution was up before;
and I suppose we can dispose of it at once. I
ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from New
York first made an inquiry about the circulars,
which the Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Ferry] will be able to answer better than I
can, and I will allow him to do so.
Mr. NYE. I supposed when I gave way that
the honorable Senator from Rhode Island
simply desired to make a report. I did not
suppose he was going to have action upon it.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is a mere matter of
printing, which ought to be disposed of at once.
It.was up the otherday, and we shall get through
with it in five minutes.
Mr. FERRY. Since the matter was before
the Senate the other day I have received a let-
ter from the Assistant Surgeon General, a gen-
tleman whom I have known for many years,
and of entire respectability, which, I believe,
explains the whole matter of inquiry inquired
of by the Senator from New York. He s
Sokgeon General's Office,
Washington Citt, February 12,1869.
My Dear Senator: The Globe of thismorniug1e-
ports a discussion in the Senate on yesterday about
the Medical and Surgical History of the War," and
shows a misapprehension in the minds of a number
ol Senators concerning certain " circulars" or printed
reports, prepared in this office byauthority of {.ho
War Department and distributed to members of
Congress, to the medical profession, and to medical
officers of the Army and Navy.
.b our such circulars have been issued. The first
was a resume of the material for the preparation oi
a .pj lodie;i! «pd vSurg-ical History of the War.''
ihe second, "a report on epidemic cholera as it
prevailed in the Army of the United States " during
the year 1866.
