1869.
"THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IU1
The third, " a, report on epidemic cholera and yel-
low fever as it, prevailed in the Army of the TJnited
States" during the year 1867.
The fourth and last, "a report on amputations at
the hip-joint in military surgery," namely, of all
recorded examples for gunshotinjuries, of this oper-
ation in all countries, for the purpose of estimating
its value as an operation in military surgery.
You will perceive that two of these circulars, the
second and third, namely, about cholera and yellow
fever during the years 1866 and 1867, have no con-
nection with the war or its *'medical history." Any
information ejnbodied in the remaining twb circu-
lars, to be used in the "Medical and Surgical His-
tory," is only incidental and not germane to the
work itself. * * * * *
The resolution desired to be passed by the Senate
is one which will authorize the Government Printer
to furui&h the paper for, print, and bind five thou-
sand copies of the first volume of the history, which
will contain one thousand pages of medical and
eight hundred pages of the surgical history, (total,
eighteen hundred pages,) whieh have been carefully
prepared and is now ready, illustrations and all: the
said cost of paper, printing, and-binding will not
exceed $20,000 for the five thousand copies, and to be
distributed as Congress may direct. Everything
except this has already been paid for.
Two more volumes of the same size (eighteen
hundred pages each) will finish the work, if Congress
should be willing to appropriate the moiley to com-
plete it, about one hundred thousand dollars.
Very sincerely, yours,
0. H. CRANE.
Hon. O. S. Ferry, United States Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. TheSurgeon General only
requests that the first part of the work, which
consists of two volumes, shall be printed, and
I am perfectly willing to amend the resolution
so that it shall resid, "the first part of the
medical and surgical history, consisting of two
volumes."
Mr. CONKLING. That will be two volumes
in place of one.
Mr. ANTHONY. As the resolution now
reads, it is for the printing of the whole work.
I propose that it shall be amended, so as to
print only the first part.
Mr. CONKLING. Two volumes?
Mr. ANTHONY. Two volumes.
Mr. GRIMES. Why not print it all? _
Mr. ANTHONY. I made this suggestion to
meet the views of the Senator from New York.
1 am quite willing to have the resolution stand
as it is.
Mr. FERRY. It is better to leave it as it is.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yery well.
Mr. WILSON. I have received a letter from
the Surgeon General, whieh gives full informa-
tion on this subject, and I desire to have it read,
that the Senate may understand the matter
thoroughly.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter :
War Dkpartment, Surg-eon General's Office,
Washington, Februaiy 12,1869.
Hon. Henry Wilson, United States Senator:
As you were one of the earliest advocates and pro-
moters of the publication of a Medical and Surgical
History of the War, I beg permission to explain
some Questions arising in the debate upon thissub-
iect yesterday.
The first volume of the medical and surgical His-
tory is ready for the Public Printer, who requires the
authorization of Congress to go on with the work,
there being no appropriation for it remaining fioin
which he could be paid for paper, printing, and
binding.
This volume will include one thousand pages of
medical and eight hundred pnges of surgical matter,
the two branches being kept entirely distinct through-
out. Two more volumes of equal size will complete
the work, and before an appropriation is asked for
their preparation and publication a very exact esti-
mate of their cost can be arrived at, which it is now
thought will not excecd $100;000 for an edition of
five thousand copies of the second and third volumes
of the medical and surgical history. .
Circular No. 6 was published especially for the in-
formation of Congress and the profession as to the
amount of material in hand for the preparation, of
the history, and was paid for i>om the slush mrm by
authority of the Secretary of War. < Circular No. o,
on epidemic cholera in the Army in 1865, circular
No. 1, on epidemic cholera and yellow fever m the
Army in 1867, and circular No. 7, "a report upon am-
putations at the hip-joint in military surgery," were
published under authority of the War Department,
and, except in the reproduction of numerical tables
of the principal surgical operations, will make no
portion of the medical and surgical history.
These circulars have been distributed, through Sen-
tors and members of Congress, to professional men.
libraries, scicntifie bodies, and medical schools, and
by this Department, to the principal libraries of
Europe, and both at home and abroad have been
received as most valuable contributions to modern
medical literature. .
If these facts could be explained to the Senate and
the immediate publication of the first volume-se-
cured, the value of the work will be so apparent and
well established that its completion, during the next
two years, will be insured.
Most respectfully .your obedient servant,
J. K. BARNES, Surgeon General.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the
resolution so as to confine it to the one volume
of printed matter referred to by General Barnes.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator had better
say the first part, which consists of two vol-
umes, and which is ready.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yery well; say the first
part—that which is now prepared.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is all that is pre-
pared.
Mr. SHERMAN, The first volume will eon-
tain eighteen hundred pages, I understand. Is
that in two parts?
Mr. ANTHONY. The first part contains
eighteen hundred pages, and will be in two
volumes. That is according to a statement I
have here from the Congressional Printer, who
says that the first part, containing two vol-
umes, is now ready, and he estimates the cost
of printing it at $27,425. The preparation has
already been made.
Mr. HOWARD. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from Rhode 'Island to say that the cost of
publication of the first'part will be $27,425?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. And it is to consist of two
volumes?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator does not
mean now that the $27,000 spoken of there is
applicable to the first part, does he?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes. sir; $27,425 will
T>rint the first part, consisting of two volumes.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand from the
letter read by the Secretary that that statement
was confined to the one volume which is now
ready. I ask for a repetition of the reading,
to see whether I am wrong.
The Chief Clerk read the following extract
from the letter of Surgeon General Barnes :
44 The first volume of the medical and surgical
history is ready for the Public Printer, who requires
the authorization of Congress to go on with the work,
there being no appropriation for it remaining."
Mr. CONKLING. As to that, the statement
is that $27,000 will cover it; but that statement
does not apply, as I understand, to an3'thing
but the first volume, nor can it extend beyond
that.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have here a communi-
cation from the Congressional Printer,which I
will read :
"The Medical and Surgical History of the War
will be composed of three parts. The first part con-
tains two volumes of nine hundred pages each, and
is now ready for the Printer. The engravings for it
have been obtained under an appropriation made by
Congress, and are now in the Surgeon General s office
ready to be placed in the books when the text is to be
printed. It is this first part alone whieh the burgeon
General wishes to have printed at present. The cost
of printing and binding will be as follows:
Paper and printing five thousand copies, two vol-
umes, of nine hundred pages each $J4,b2:>
Printing same in cloth  L,8U0
$27,4^5
So that if there is but one volume this esti-
mate is too large.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the proposition of
the Senator from Ohio will not prevail, and
that the Senate will determine now that it will
cause all these records to be published. I
think it is but due to poor humanity that we
should let it know what has been accomplished
by medical science during our war to save
human life for the benefit of the world in fu-
ture. The war drew to it the most eminent
medical ability in this country, and the result
of it is that riiedical science in the United
States to-day stands higher than it does in any
country in Europe. There may be some indi-
vidual physicians and surgeons in Europe who
have devoted their time to particular special-
ties who may have a higher reputation than
any surgeons have in this country; but as a
mass, in consequence of the developments of
this war, I am assured, not by men who are
interested in the publication of this work, but
by men outside of the Army surgeons, and by
men connected w-ith the profession in other
countries,, that American medical science aa<l
knowledge has a higher reputation than that
of any country in Europe; and it grows out
of the experience of this war. I think it is
due to the country, it is due to humanity, that
we should let the world know what these de-
velopments have been during the war ia the
most authentic way possible. The pall^y sum
of $75,000 or $80,000 that it would cost, far
that seems to be all—three times $27,000 is
the total amount—ought not to be a matter of
consideration with Congress. squander
that much upon most trifling subjects every
day.
Mr. SHERMAN. The question is whether
we shall publish matter now ready for printing,
the cost of which we can ascertain, the prep-
aration of which is complete, or whether we
shall provide beforehand for publishing all that
the Surgeon General or any future Surgeon
General may designate under the head of a
surgical history of the war.
Mr. GRIMES. I beg to correct the Senator.
The Surgeon General says that all he proposes
to publish is in three parts, each of those parts
embracing two volumes. The first part, con-
taining two volumes, is now prepared and ready
for publication, and the cost of printing the
edition proposed will be $27,000. He only
proposes to publish just twice as much more
altogether.
Mr. SHERMAN. The resolution as pre-
sented shows that it is intended to cover the
publication of what is prepared and what is yet
to be prepared. As to what the Surgeon Gen-
eral may hereafter do, he- does not give us any
security. When public documents are sent to
us by the executive authorities beforewe pub-
lish any extra numbers we send them to the
Committee on Printing, that they may examine
the documents and ascertain what the cost may
be, and then make the order dependent on that
cost. I am perfectly willing to join in the pub-
lication of the document that is now prepared,
which is all the Surgeon General asks for ; but
whether we ought to go on and publish what
he may prepare hereafter depends on circum-
stances not now before us. Since I have been
in Congress I remember one striking case of
abuse growing out of a general authority to
publish documents. That was the case of the
Pacific railroad surveys. They werefirst author-
ized to be published I believe under a resolu-
tion limiting the number of volumes expressly
to two or three, but under the same general
authority conveyed by this resolution they ran
up to thirteen volumes, and cost an enormous
sum of money, and a great amount of matter
was published that was totally worthless. If
we had had real information in regard to the
line of the Pacific railroad we might have
saved twenty or thirty millions of money. We
did not have it.
Mr. CONKLING. In order to convince, as
I think I can. the honorable Senator from
Rhode Island that I heard this reading aright,
I will read to him again the statement of Dr.
Crane as to precisely what they want now,
whieh will show that we are proposing to do
three times as much as these gentlemen.jj^em-
selves wish:
"The resolution desired to be passed by the Senate
is one which will authorize the Government Printer
to furnish the paper for, print, and bind fives thousand
copies of the first volume of the history, which will
contain one thousand pages of medical and eight
hundred pages of the surgical history, (total eighteen
hundred pages.) which have been carelully prepai ed
and is now ready,illustrations and all; the saiu cor,
of paper, printing and binding will not exceed
$20,000 for the five the usand oopies, and to be distrib-
uted as Congress may direct. Everything except this
has already been paid for. .
"Two more voltsmes of the same sizo (eighteen
hundred pages eauh) will finish the work if Congress
should be willing to appropriate the money to com-
plete it, about $100,000."
Thus it will be seen that they ask themselves
permission to have printed at the Government
Printing Office, not part first, but volume first,
which they say is now ready,containing eighteen
hundred pages, one thousand of medical and
eight hundred of surgical history. I concur
entirely in what the honorable Senator from
