210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
they invaded. It may have Been extended—and
I believe has been—to revolutions in monarch-
ical countries ; but I cannot see that you can
apply that law to our form of government. The
power in this Government flows from the peo-
ple, and when all the people that are loyal to
the Government join together to maintain that
Government I am unable to see why one loyal
man has not the same right to be paid for his
property that another has. I cannot see why
one loyal man who is a part and parcel of the
Government, who goes to make up the power
of the Government, has not as much right to
payment for his property, if he has furnished
any for the use of the Government, as any other
loyal man has.
^ The Government owes some protection to its
citiaens. It has been stated here that that pro-
tection is incidental and not direct; that the
main duty of the Government of the United
States is with foreign countries, and that the
citizen must look to the State for his direct
protection. If that be true the converse of
the proposition is' true also, that the citizen
owes no direct allegiance to the Federal Gov-
ernment, but that his allegiance is direct to his
State. That is not the doctrine now estab-
lished. The doctrine now established and
believed in, I think, very generally, is that the
citizen owes an allegiance direct to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and that that
allegiance is paramount to all other allegiance.
If that be true the Government owes him a
protection that is direct; and I believe in past
times the Government has always recognized
the duty of giving that protection whenever it
has been required. The Constitution itself
contemplated that protection, and authorized
the Governors of States to call for Federal
troops to suppress insurrection; and the sher-
iffs of counties under existing orders raay now
call on Federal troops at any time to protect
persons and property within the county, and
the commanding officer of any locality in any
State, if he sees riot or disorder in the com-
munity, has a right of his own motion to sup-
press it.
'I hen, if it be true that the Government owes
a protection direct _to the citizen, the Govern-
ment should furnish that protection to the
extent, at least, of paying for what it receives
at his hands. I do not hold that the Govern-
ment is responsible for any damages that arose
from the ravages of war. The Government
did all it could to protect the loyal citizens of
the country. That is all that could be required
<>t the Government. But having done that,
having done its duty in that respect, and no
claim being presented for damages, on what
principle do you deny to the citizen the right to
payment for his property which the Army used
and which they would have had to purchase
somewhere else had they not got it from the
man they did ?
It has been said here that the cotton cases,
in whica Congress has already said that the
loyal inhabitants of the South may recover pav
for cotton, differ from other cases. Wherein"?
Wherein do they differ? If a man has fur-
nished $10,000 worth of cotton, and the Gov-
ernment has appropriated it and put the avails
in the Treasury, and pays those avails over to
the loyal claimant, wherein does that differ
from the Government having received $10,000
worth of corn or of horses from another indi-
vidual? Why not pay for them? On what
principle do you pay for the cotton and not for
the other? It is said to be on the principle
that the Government got the cotton, and by
paying for it is nothing the loser, because it
sold it for the same money that it paid out.
On the same principle if it got the corn and
used it, although it did not sell it, it got the
benefit of it, the avails of it, and if it now pays
for it is the Government anything the loser?
It seems to me not.
It seems to me that the principle which has
been acted on through the whole war has been
to disregard this doctrine of constructive en-
emies. The Government has, in the cotton
cases, ignored that law. The Departments
have ignored it. The quartermasters issued
vouchers during the entire war to citizens of
the southern States, payable upon proof of
loyalty. They made that the test instead of
locality, as is claimed here to be the true test.
The Departments and Congress have recognized
that test, that the loyalty of the claimant was
what was to guide them in making payment.
Those vouchers were issued from time to time
from the commencement of the war to its close.
The Departments have recognized them, have
issued orders as to how loyalty is to be proven,
have sent out their blanks, and the quarter-
masters have taken the proof and have made
payments, and Congress has appropriated the
money for that purpose. There is no instance
in which Congress has not made the distinc-
tion upon the ground of loyalty, and not local-
ity, except in the act closing the Court of Claims
to the people of the South ; and that was only
temporary, for the moment that the State of
Tennessee was readmitted to representation
that moment that law was repealed so far as
Tennessee was concerned, showing that it was
merely a temporary expedient, to be enforced
only until the reconstruction of the State was
complete. All we ask is that the same prin-
ciple be extended to the other States as they
from time to time complete their reconstruc-
tion.
On what ground of justice—it is said to be
on that ground—do you say that the man in
the State of Alabama who has furnished ten
thousand bushels of corn to the Army of the
United States is not as much entitled to com-
pensation for it, if be was loyal to the Govern-
ment, as the man in Pennsylvania who fur-
nished the same amount? As a question of
justice, are not both supporting the Government
of the United States? Are not both doing all
in their power to sustain that Government?
Both are citizens and residents of the United
States, belonging to the same common country.
I can see no difference in pointof justice ; and
I think, so far as the law is concerned, the
theory of constructive enemies has been dis-
regarded from the commencement of the war
to the present time by every department of the
Government, and I do not think it was ever
applied at all except during the war. JVhat is
the reason and necessity of that doctrine any
way ? It is that an invading army going into
the territory of the enemy cannot stop to dis-
criminate between the loyal and disloyal; that
they cannot stop to protect one man and
destroy another; that they cannot inquire
which property belongs to a loyal inhabitant
and which docs not; that they cannot suffer
the Army to be without supplies even if they
find them in the hands of a loyal man, nor can
they leave supplies in his hands for the oppos-
ing army to get in ease of their evacuation.
They have to do_ these things as a military
necessity. That is the true rule and the true
principle. Instead of men being constructive
enemies because they lived in that locality,
from military necessity they have to be treated
as such simply. When the war is over, when
the necessity has ceased, they are remitted to
all the rights that any other loyal citizens
have. If they have furnished stores and sub-
sistence to the Army they are entitled, like
any one else, to payment for it. Does it cost
the Government any more to pay a man in
Arkansas, who was loyal, for his corn than it
cost across the line in Missouri to pay a man
there for bis ? The principle is the same, and
we have acted upon.it all the time, that loyalty
is the test of a man's rights under this Gov-
ernment, and not his locality.
Now, as to the amount of these claims,
some have told me that they would reach
$500,000,000. I have not any idea but that
S2o.000,000 would cover every dollar's worth
of property taken by the Army in the South
from loyal citizens and appropriated for the
use of the Army. I think the amount is less,
but I have no idea it would reach over
525,000,000. This estimate of $500,000,000
is made upon the basis upon which this ques-
tion has been argued, that we are to pay for
property destroyed in the natural course of
the war; but that is not the principle I am
advocating. I am simply contending that
where the Army or the Government has re-
ceived the benefit of the subsistence stores, of
the horses, the cuttle, the corn of a loyal man,
wherever he may be, the Government ought to
pay for the property which it has thus received
from him and used. That is all I claim. We
are asking ho favors; we are not asking the
generosity of the Government to give us as
charity anything for our sufferings during the
war ; but we are simply asking that when they
have received the benefit of what we had they
should pay a fair valuation for it.
Sir, the loyal man of the South has had a
very poor show in this war it he is not to be
paid for what the Government of the United
States has received from him. He has been
subject to the ravages of both armies ; they
have both run over him, while the disloyal
man has only been subjected to the ravages of
the Federal Army, his own army, as far as pos-
sible, protecting him. So that there were two
chances against a loyal man to one in his favor,
or rather to none in his favor. He has had
no chance either during the war or after the
war.
Again: this doctrine of "constructive ene-
mies" has been ignored in the receiving of
soldiers in the disloyal States. Ten thousand
soldiers enlisted in the Federal Army in the
State of Arkansas. Were they, under the laws
of war, because of their locality all enemies of
the Government? Were they enemies then?
Are they enemies still ? The Government re-
ceived them and treated them as friends, not-
withstanding their locality. It made loyalty
there the test; it received them ; it paid them ;
it is paying them pensions now ; it has paid them
their bounties. It has recognized in every way
it could the loyal men in the South as the friends
of this Government and not as its enemies.
Now, on what principle will you say that a
man who lives in the State of Arkansas and is
in the Federal Army is a friend, and that his
property is at the same time enemy property ?
Would you confiscate his property on this rule
or theory of his being a constructive enemy ?
Would you try and hang him for treason,
notwithstanding he served in the Federal
Army, on the same principle? No, sir; you
would do just as the Government has been
doing—wherever you found a loyal man you
would protect him. .The Government has not
waited until the war was over to do this, but
it has been careful to do it during the war
wherever it possibly could. In traversing the
country where the armies moved slowly they
always distinguished between the rebels and
the Union men ; they always protected their
friends. They did not wait until the war was
over to give time for this protection. Now
that the war is over, now that peace is restored
and we can look around and see who were the
friends of the Government, I do not see why
one friend of the Government should be treated
better than another. I do not see that one
friend of the Government, because he lived in
one State, has anything more due him from the
Government than a friend of it who lived in
another portion of the country.
Taking this view of the question I shall
insist at all times upon the payment of the
loyal men of the South for property used by
the Government of the United States; and 1
intend before this session is over to present h
bill to bring up that simple question that will
not be subject to any doubts in regard to the
meaning of it, but which shall provide dis-
tinctly for payment for supplies, subsistence
stores, and things that the Army used and that
they would have had to purchase elsewhere if
they had not got them there. But this debate
having taken the range it has, at any rate that
question having been argued, I wished to give
my views upon it, that 1 might not be misun-
derstood.
Mr.^ DAVIS. Mr. President, being a mem-
ber of the Committee on Claims, and having
concurred with the majority of that committee
