£12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
hereby directed to communicate to this House the
reasons which have Jed hi m to postpone the time for
discontinuing such offices, the amount and character
of the work done by the superintendents severally
since theSOth day of September, 1838, theamohnt ana
character of work to be done during the time the
offices are yet to continue, and the expense incurred
or to be incurred for salaries, clerk hire, office rent,
and other purposes, for keeping up said'offices re-
spectively in each of said cities after the 30th day of
September last.
Mr. BROOKS. This resolution seems to
convey the insinuation that these offices have
been not wisely continued until the 4th of
March next. • I rise merely to remark that it
will be found that the reasons for so doing are
perfectly satisfactory.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Bkooks] object to this res-
olution.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not.
Mr. SCHENCK. In reply to the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] I will give
i t reasons for submitting this resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of 'Illinois. I will
have to object to the resolution if it shall give
rise to debate.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; let it pass.
The preamble and resolution were then
agreed to.
maumee ship-canal.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, by unanimous eon-
sent, submitted the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bo directed to
communicate to this House a copy of the report of
General T. J. Crane, of the engineer department,
upon the examination and survey of a ship-canal on
tne prolongation of the lower reach of the Maumee
river through Che shoal waters of Maumee bay, Ohio,
directly to deep water in Lake Erie, with plans and
estimates of the cost of constructing the same.
debts against the united states.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Solicitor of the Treasury, proposing a section
to the general appropriation bill relative to
expenses in collecting debts against the United
States : which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
central indian superintendency.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting a letter from the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, with an estimate
for the pay of one clerk for the superintendent
of, the central superintendency ; which was
referred to the" Committee on Appropriations.
reconstruction testimony, etc.
Mr. BECK. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction to submit the follow-
ing resolution, and ask its adoption at this time:
Remhrd, That the Committee on Reconstruction
he authorized to cause the reportof General Gillem,
and appendices B and C attached thereto, relative*
to elections hold in Mississippi, and also such testi-
mony and statements in writing as they may take
or receive relative to affairs in Mississippi, Georgia,
Virginia, and lexas, under the references made to
them, to be printed for the use of the House.
leave op absence.
Jjeave of absence was granted to Mr. Adams
for one month.
committee on education and labor.
Mr. Roots was appointed to fill the vacancy
upon the Committee on Education and Labor,
caused by the resignation of Mr. Baker.
order of business.
Mr, WHITTEMORE. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce a bill at this time for
reference only.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order. Let the morning hour
commence.
Itie SPEAKER. The first business during
the morning hour is the-call of committees for
reports, commencing with the Committee on
Naval Affairs, where the call rested at the
conclusion of the morning hour of yesterday.
medical department op the navy.
Mr. STEVENS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Naval Affairs to report back
the bill (H. R. No. 1497) to reorganize and
increase the efficiency of the medical depart-
ment of the Navy, with an amendment in the
form of a substitute, of which the committee
recommend the passage.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
the following:
That from and after the passage of this act the
President of the United States, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, shall appoint from
the medical officers on the active list ot the Navy a
chief of Bureau of Medicine and Surgery, who shall
be ex officio the ranking officer of the medical S'aff.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the President
of the United States shall, in like manner, appoint
from the surgeons on the active list of the Navy, in
the order of their official seniority, twelve medical
inspectors, eaeh with the rank, pay, and emoluments
of a commodore in the line of the Navy; eighteen
medical directors, each with the rank, pay, and emol-
uments of a captain; twenty deputy medical direct-
ors, each with the rank, pay, and emoluments of a
commander; and thirty surgeons,each with therank.
pay.andeinolumcntsofalieutenantcommander: and
one hundred and twenty assistant surgeons, includ-
ing the assistant surgeons now in the Navy, eaeh with
the rank, pay, and emoluments of a master: Pro-
vided, That assistant surgeons of three years'service,
who have been found qualified for promotion by a
competent board of exa,miners, shall have the rank,
pay, and emoluments of lieutenants: And provided
further, That no medical officer shall, in virtue of his
rank, cxciciso command or authority in the line of
the Navy or in any staff corps belonging thereto, ex-
cept in the medical staff and overthose placed under
the control of the medical department of the naval
service: And provided further, That nothing herein
contained shall require the recall of any medical offi-
cers under sailingorders or at sea.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That medical
inspectors and medical directors shall be employed
at naval hospitals and laboratories, and as presi-
dents and members of retiring and examining boards
and courts, and other duty on shore ; and that dep-
uty medical directors shall be employed on board of
flagships in fleets and squadrons, and at navy-yards
and other naval stations; and that suigeons and
assistant surgeons shall be employed on board of
vessels commissioned for sea service, in receiving
ships, at rendezvous and barracks, and on such other
duties as the Secretary of the Navy may direct; and
it shall be the dutyof medical directors to supervise
all matters pertaining to the medical department of
the licet, squadron, na\ y-yard, or station to which
they may be assigned for duty; to receive, take charge
of. and distribute on requisition, medicines, stores,
and appliances lnrnislied for the use of the sick and
hurt ot the Navy, and to purchase them, under the
provisions of existing law, when not otherwise pro-
curable ; to approve all medical requisitions, and to
designate medical officers of the fleet, squadron, or
navy-yard, for special or general duty, subject to the
approval of the officer in command of the same; and
every medical director shall, irom time to time, in-
spect the medical department of each vessel of the
fleet, squadron, or station, aswell as of thetemporary
camps, or hospitals, and receiving ships which may
be attached to the command, and ascertain, as far as
practieablo, the general condition of the health of
the officers and men, and recommend to the com-
mander-in-chief such measures for execution as may
be necessary, in his judgment, to preserve the health
of the ships'companies and naval stations; and on
being relieved from duty, afloat or ashore, he shall
report to the chief of the Bureau of Medicine and
Surgery what has been, duriug liisteimof service,
the sanitary condition of the command, and such
matters of general or special professional interest as
may have come under his observation.
Sec. 4. And be it fuither enacted. That promotion
from grade to grade in the medical staff of the Navy
shall be in the order of official seniority, after phys-
ical and mental examination; and officers of the
medical staff on the retired and reserved list may bo
promoted, if not physically and mentally disquali-
fied, and they shall receive tho same pay and emol-
uments as retired and reserved officers of the line
with whom they are equal in rank, and may be em-
ployed on such shore duty as the Navy Department
may determine.
Mr. STEVENS. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to detain tha/Gouse by any intended re-
arks upon thLpHjill, but simply to say that the
qu^ioii whion it presents has been before the
Comrc^ttee^n Naval Affairs for the past year,
and thaWFie measure which I now report as a
substitute has the unanimous approbation of
the committee, who have directed me to ask
its passage. Unless some gentleman desires
to suggest some question in regard to the mat-
ter, 1 will call the previous question, and ask
the immediate passage of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr.
Stevens] whether this bill has been printed.
It is a long bill and a very important one, in-
troducing very radical changes in the existing
system.
Mr. STEVENS. This question has been
before the Committee on Naval Affairs for the
last year, and parties interested have been I
heard. I think the bill in the precise form
now reported by the committee has not been
printed by the order of the House, but copies
of the bill have been circulated and have been
accessible to members.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. In view of
the importance of the bill and the discussion
which must certainly be had upon it before it
passes, and in view of the fact that the bill has
not been printed, I suggest to the gentleman
from New Hampshiret.hat he should consent to
the reference of this matter to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, where
it can be fully discussed. I trust the gentle-
man does not expect to get through a bill of
this kind in the morning hour. If it is to come up
I certainly desire to be heard upon it, because
there are some facts in relation to this subject
which I wish to submit to the House. But I
have not those facts now prepared in the shape
in which I would like to present them to the
House. I appeal, therefore, to my friend from
New Hampshire to permit the matter to go to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and allow time for the printing of the
bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say, in answer
to the gentleman from Illinois, that I under-
stand the proposition he makes to be one which
would probably kill the bill for want of time for
its discussion. It is cfcie to the Committee on *,
Naval Affairs, as well as to the principle of the
bill, to say that the measure has had a full and
fair consideration before that committee, ex-
tending over a period of more than a year. I
am prepared to discuss the bill at this time ; and
I understood thegentleman from Illinois to say
yesterday that he was prepared to meet the
questions presented and to oppose the bill.
I desire to say that the purpose of the bill is
to bring the medical staff of the Navy into con-
formity with that of the line. It is undoubtedly
well known to the House that since 18G1 the
line officers have been lifted up some four or
five grades, from that of captain to that of full
admiral, and have consequently enjoyed thepro-
motion which attaches to those several ranks ;
while the medical staff, embracing men as
advanced in age and length of service as any
line officer, if not older, have been left pre-
cisely where they were before the war com-
menced, and are now, at home and at sea,
subordinate in some respects in a most offen-
sive manner to the command of the line, a
comm^id sometimes exercised by beardless
boys over men who have served their country
well and faithfully for more than twenty years.
After a careful examination of the objections
to the present system, the Committee on Naval
Affairs have unanimously come to the conclu-
sion that justice, equity, and a due regard to
the interests of the service demand that this
promotion should be offered to the medical
staff of the Navy in order that, with reference
to the period of their service, their age, their
skill and experience, they may stand upon an
equality with the line.
I desire, Mr. Speaker, at this time to sus-
tain the principle and the features of this bill
by the highest authority which I can bring be-
fore this House, and that is a letter from the
grand old hero Admiral Farragnt, which has
been placed in my hands this morning, and
which exhibits iu that brave and distinguished
officer of the line a sense of justice as broad
and ample as his hard-earned fame and glory.
I will ask the Clerk to read first an original
letter from Admiral Farragut, and then a certi-
fied copy of a letter, both recommending the
principle of this bill to the favorable considera-
tion of Congre^j, and recognizing plainly and
fully the propriety of its details.
The Clerk read as follows:
113 East Thirty-Sixth Strket,
New Yokk, January 2,1869.
My Deae Dootor : I have read with great care
the bill entitled "An act to reorganize and increase
the efficiency of the medical department, of the
Navy, ' and as far as X have been able to discover
it appears to be drawn up in a spirit of fairne.-s and
justice to all, and affords to the higher oSiccrs of the
medical corps employment on shore after having
obtained a certain grade. I do not hesitate to say
