1164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February IB,
ing else, and one which, if it is to *j>ass at all,
as-1 dare say it will, may just as well be passed
next week as this. It is an appropriation bill
that has come from the House of Represent-
atives. The currency bill, as the chairman of
the Committee on Finance has remarked, is a
bill of the Senate. As it was taken up first it
ought fairly to be acted upon first; and it was
only by general consent that the river and har-
bor bill was taken up in the evening, displacing
this, and certainly with the understanding of a
great many that this would occupy the day
until it should be disposed of. Senators will
see that we have finished the general debate on
this question substantially ; we have come to
the amendments and are beginning to vote
upon them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
from Vermont says that this is an appropria-
tion bill, and therefore may be passed next
week. I feel bound to say to the Senate that
the appropriation bills which are likely to come
before the Senate will occupy, I dare say, as
much time as they will find between this and
the close of the session without giving much
time to other general subjects of legislation.
As yet this Congress has not finished one sin-
gle important appropriation bill. Never since
I have been a member of the Senate have we
been in this condition of things before. The
naval appropriation bill lies on the table of the
House of Representatives unfinished, having
gone there from the Senate with amendments
two weeks ago, and no effort that I know of
has be,en had in that branch to dispose of it.
The Army appropriation bill has not yet been
received by the Senate. The legislative appro-
priation bill, the miscellaneous appropriation
bill, and the deficiency bill are all behind, and
we^are within fifteen working days of the close
of the session. Therefore, 1 must say to Sen-
ators who think there is time enough next
week to pass this bill that they may find thai
if it is important to pass the appropriation bills
it is not worth while to lay out, very much work
beyond the' time that will be requirud to con-
sider those bills properlv.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The river
and harbor bill, 1 submit, is not an appropria-
tion bill under the charge of the Senator from
Maine. When he comes forward with his appro-
priation bills, undoubtedly the Senate will be
ready to consider them. The currency bill has
already received general discussion, and is now
about to undergo that brief discussion called in
the House of Representatives the live minutes'
discussion—the most valuable discussion that
there can be upon any bill—that in relation to
the amendments thereto. It is apparent that
il the two Houses are to have an opportunity
to do anything on this subject, one of the most
important that can be brought before them,
we must do it now. I trust, therefore, we shall
proceed to consider the currency bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope my hon-
orable friend did not suspect me of a desire to
patronize this bill or to matronize it. 1 simply
made my remark in reply to the honorable
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] who
thought there would be ample time next week
to consider this bill; and I made it as well
with reference to this bill as any other bill
which may come before the Senate next week,
upon the suggestion that the Senate will find
itself employed, I think, next week, and very
nearly to the end of the session, in the discus-
sion of those bills which necessarily demand
the consideration of the Senate, and to remind
the Senator from Vermont that the Committee
on Appropriations have instructed me already
to call the attention of the Senate to one of
those bills on Monday next.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That makes the very
strongest possible reason for going on with the
currency bill now. If the appropriation bills,
strictly so called, those that are required to
carry on the operations of the Government,
are to crowd out everything else next week,
as much a friend as I am to some parts of the
river and harbor bill, i, for one, should feel
that I was not justified before my constituents
in turning my back upon the great question of
the day, the one that interests everybody in
his business and his prosperity, and undertak-
ing to adjust the appropriations of money to
improve the rivers and harbors of the United
States. The rivers and harbors of the United
States will be of little consequence unless the
two Houses of Congress can pot- the business
of the United States in a condition where they
will have ships to float in' those rivers and
harbors. I certainly should be astonished, fot
one, taking the Senator from Maine upon his
own statement, to which I do not quite agree
as a matter of fact—we shall have time enough
for all—to see the Senate of the United States
turn its back upon this question, good or bad,
and say it would not consider it to the end,
because there was not time to consider that
and also to consider the river and harbor bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Ohio
says that this is it House bill, and therefore it
is of no consequence whether it passes now or
at some future time ; but, sir, the amendments
to it are so numerous that it is equivalent to a
Senate bill. It must go back to the House
and be referred to a committee and acted oil
regularly on account of the numerous amend-
ments. If it is the intention of the Senate to
pass this bill I ask them to stand by it and
pass it to-day. I have been laboring for a
month as zealously as I could to get this bill
before the body, the Senator from Ohio say-
ing every time, " Oh, there is time enough."
Now, we are within two weeks of the end of
the session. If the bill passes at all it will
pass to-day. If it is voted down to-day 1 shall
take it as the intention of the Senate not to
pass it at all.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 29 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Cole, Conkling,
Dixon, Edmunds. Pessendcn, JbYeiinshuysen, Harris,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Ross, Sherman, Stewart, Warner, Wil-
ley. Williams, and Wilson—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Buckalew, Cameron,
Chandler, Corbett, Cragin, Davis, Doolittle, Drake,
Fcvry, Fowler, Harlan, Hendricks. Howard, Howe,
McCreery, McDonald, Morgan, Morrill of Maine,
Ppmeroy, Ramsey, Robertson, Thayer, Tipton, Vick-
ers. Wade, Welch, Whyte, and Yates—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Conncss, Grimes, Hen-
derson, Kellogg, Norton, Osborn, Patterson of Ten-
nessee, Pool, Bice, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Spencer,
Sprague, Sumner, Trumbull, and Van Winkle—17.
So the motion was not agreed to.
presidential ai'proval.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. William G. Moore, liis Secre-
tary, announced that the President had, on the
9th instant, signed the following bill and joint
resolutions of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. t>44) to amend an act entitled
"An act to prohibit the Coolie trade by Ameri-
can citizens in American vessels," approved
February 19, 1862;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 194) author-
izing the transfer of certain appropriations
heretofore made for the public printing, bind-
ing, and engraving; and
A joint resolution (8. R. No. 206) relating
to the mileage of Charles Westmoreland.
colojuod schools veto message
The message also announced that the Presi-
dent returned to the Senate, in which body it
originated, the bill (S. No. 609) transferring the
duties of trustees of colored schools of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, with his objections
thereto in writing.
message i'rom the house
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 1969) for the relief of
Nott & Co.;
A bill (H. R. No. 1971) granting a pension
to Jacob S. Baker;
A bill (H. R. No. 1881) regulating the re-
ports of national banking associations ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1973) in reference to cer-
tifying checks by national banks ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1974) to prevent loaning
money upon United States notes ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 452) for the
relief of Leonard Pierce, jr., late United States
consul at Matamoras.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION-.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of the
United States, transmitting, in answer to the
resolution of the Senate of the 21st ultimo, a
report from the Secretary of State, with accom-
panying papers, in relation to the establishment
of the Robert College at Constantinople; which
was ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
COLORED SCHOOLS—VETO MESSAGE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate the following message from
the President of the United States:
To the Senate of the United States :
The bill entitled "An act transferring the duties
of trustees of colored schools of Washington and
Georgetown" is herewith returned to the Senate, in
which House it originated, without my approval.
The accompanying paper exhibits the fact thatthe
legislation which the bill proposes is contrary to the
wishes of the colored residents of Washington and
Georgetown, and that they prefer that the schools for
their children should be under the management of
trustees selected by the Secretary of the Interior,
whose term of office is for four years, rather than sub-
ject to the control of bodies whose tenure of office,
depending merely upon political considerations, may
be annually affected by the elections which take place
in the two cities.
The colored people of Washington and Georgetown
are at present not represented by a person of their
own race in either of the boards of trustees of pub-
lic schools appointed by tho municipal authorities.
Of the three trustees, howeyer, who, under the act
of July 11,1862, composc the boaj-d of trustees of the
schools for colored children, two are persons of color.
The resolutions transmitted herewith show that they
have performed their trust in a manner entirely sat-
isfactory to the colored people of the two cities; and
no good reason is known to the Executive why the
duties which nowdevolve upon them should be trans-
ferred as proposed in the bill.
With these brief suggestions, the bill is respectfully
returned, and the consideration of Congress invited
to the accompanying preamble and resolutions.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., February I'd, 1869.
Mr. SUMNER. That message concerns a
bill which passed the Senate, I understand,
last year. I dare say the measure may not be
within the recollection of all Senators. I
think, upon the whole, it would be expedient
that the message should lie on the table for
the present, thai Seualois may have an oppor-
tunity of looking into it, and that we may pio-
ceed intelligently to act upon it. I move, there-
fore, for the present that the message lie upon
the table.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose, for the pur-
pose indicated by the Senator, it ought to be
printed.
Mr. SUMNER. And printed, of course.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore The order
to print will be entered.
Mr. HARLAN. My own opinion is that
the bill had better be indefinitely postponed.
I do not think there will be anything materially
gained by passing the bill, and for one I shall
not insist upon its passage over the President's
objections.
Mr. SUMNER. For one, I should not feel
able to act upon it definitively now. I should
not be ready to vote for its indefinite post-
ponement. J am not sure that the argumentis
not now as strong in favor of the bill as it was
originally when it passed the Senate. Indeed,
there is a conflict of opinion in regard to it.
Mr. HARLAN. Yery well; I will not insist
upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is 011 the inotiou to lay the message on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
naturalization laws.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. With the per-
mission ot the Senate I desire to make a re-
port, The Committee on the Jxidiciarv, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 654) to
regulate proceedings for the naturalization of
aliens, have directed me to report it back with
an amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to submit an
