214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
no adddition to any of the present different
grades. The assignment of one of these gen-
tlemen as commodore to a ship could only be
a temporary assignment, if such could be made
at all, and that for a very limited period, and
he would not draw the pay of a commodore.
The object is simply to reorganize the corps
so as to give these officers positions corre-
sponding to the positions which we have given
to many officers of the Army. I hope the
House will act on the bill this morning and
not allow dilatory motions to throw it, perhaps,
beyond its reach.
Mr. WASHBURNE,oflllinois. Will the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Stevess]
now yield to me ?
Mr. STEVENS. For how long?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will not confine me to any specific
time. He knows that he can have as much
time as he wants, as this bill must be disposed
of before the House passes from the considera-
tion of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I will yield the gentleman
fiftefen minutes, which is more time than has
been occupied by any friend of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will not confine me to fifteen min-
utes. It will do him no injustice to allow me
more time.
I desire to say, in the first place, that I took
up this bill to examine it with some hope that
I might be able to support it. I was called
upt>n by medical gentlemen whom I know,
who were interested in this bill, who presented
their case to me, and I agreed to examine
into it and give it my support if I could do
so consistently with the sense of duty I owe
to the public.
Upon an examination of the bill, however,
I find it one that 1 cannot support; and I may
say here in passing, that we all know the in-
fluence which is so apt to control us in all mat-
ters which affect individuals. We all know how
we listen to appeals from individuals, and how
desirous we are to serve our friends who are
about us, and this is, perhaps, one of those cases.
But I wish to call the attention of the House
to some provisions of this bill which we are
now asked to pass in a single morning hour.
It is a long bill of four sections, which has not
yet been printed, and which the Committee on
Naval Affairs have reported here and ask us at
once to put upon its passage. While the coun-
try is demanding a decrease both of the Army
and Navy and a curtailment of the vast ex-
penses of those branches of the service, hero
is a bill which, as I read it, is very different
from what my friend from New Hampshire [Mr.
Stevens] asserts, and which I shall show will
add vastly to the expenses of the Government
by creating new^ grades of officers, for it pro-
poses the creation of such new grades to an
extent which must arrest the attention of the
members of this House and the country.
I will first call the attention of the House
to the provisions of the second section of the
bill. It creates twelve medical inspectors, each
with the pay, rank, and emoluments of a com-
modore of the Navy ; eighteen medical direct-
ors, each with the rank, pay, and emoluments
of a captain ; twenty deputy medical directors,
each with the rank, pay, and emoluments of a
commander; and thirty surgeons, each with
the rank, .pay, and emoluments of a lieutenant
commander ; and oue hundred and twenty
assistant surgeons—including the assistant sur-
geons now in the Navy—each with the rank,
pay, and emoluments of a master; provided
that assistant surgeons of three years' service
who have been found qualified for promotion
by a competent board of examiners shall have
the rank, pay, and emoluments of lieutenants.
Now, the act to establish and equalize the
grade of line officers of theUnited StatesNavy,
approved July 16, 18G2, fixes the grades of offi-
cers of the Navy and assimilates them to
grades in the Army. Hear admirals of the
same relative rank as major generals^ the
commodores with brigadier generals, captains
with colonels, commanders with lieutenant
colonels, lieutenant commanders with majors,
lieutenants with captains, masters with first lieu-
tenants, and ensigns with second lieutenants.
In looking over the bill it will be seen that the
number of medical officers of high rank pro-
posed by this bill is entirely in excess of the
wants of the service, and will largely increase
the expense without any corresponding increase
of efficiency. There is no proper duty in our
small Navy for so large a number of medical
officers of high rank, and it is simply absurd to
make commodores (brigadier generals) to take
charge of petty hospitals with a half dozen sick.
And how many commodores have we now in
the Navy with the pay and emoluments of that
rank? I understand there are about one hun-
dred. And this with a naval force limited by
law to eight thousand five hundred men ; and
with an Army of sixty to seventy thousand men
we have only thirteen brigadier generals, which
is the assimilated rank to commodore. In the
medical corps of the Army of this great num-
ber of men they had only one surgeon general
with the rank of brigadier general, and two in-
spector generals ; and that was the permanent
establishment during the war. Now, with our
Army of sixty to eighty thousand men, we have
only one surgeon general with the rank of brig-
adier general, one assistant surgeon general
with the rank of colonel, and five medical pur-
veyors with the rank of lieutenant colonel. In
face of this fact, as regards the Army, it seems
incredible that we should be asked to add
twelve more commodores or twelve more brig-
adier generals to the number we already have
in the Navy. Add to this the other medical
officers created by this bill and we shall have
more medical officers in our Navy than Great
Britain has with a navy of one hundred thou-
sand men.
Now, the question in the first case arises, is
there any necessity, does the public service
require it, for the establishment of this ad-
ditional number of commodores or brigadier-
generals in the Navy of the United Slates? If
not, then the only question is, shall we legislate
for the benefit of these individuals, shall we
make twelve new commodores or brigadier gen-
erals in order to satisfy the very just ambition
of very excellent men, I may say, for I have
nothingto say against the surgeons of the Navy.
I believe them to be men of intelligence, of
honor, and of medical skill, who deserve well
of tlieir country, and who, even as matters now
stand, I cannot but believe are well treated by
their country.
Now, sir, what I contend is that it will be
seen upon an examination of this bill that
the number of medical officers of high rank
proposed is entirely in excess of the wants of
the service, and will largely increase the ex-
penses of the Government without giving the
service any more efficiency. There is no proper
duty in our small Navy for so large a number
of medical officers of high rank.
The gentleman from New Hampshire has
spoken in regard to these surgeons. Now, I
ask the House what rights have these men over
the paymasters and engineers? If you give
this proposed advance of rank to your sur-
geons you will be bound in consistency and
justice to confer the same rank upon your
paymasters and your engineers. If this bill
should pass we must, if we are to be consistent,
follow it with another bill for paymasters and
engineers. Thus we should have a navy which
would be very much like Artemus Ward's regi-
ment, composed entirely of brigadier generals.
We should then have on the active and the re-
tired list an army of officers of high rank
drawing high pay.
The gentleman from New Hampshire does
not seem to remember that this is a time of
peace, when the country demands a diminu-
tion instead of an increase in the number of
officers in both Army and Navy. The naval
surgeons in their petition to Congress say that
this bill provides for no increase of medical
officers, but they fail to say what will be the
amount of the increased compensation; for
they claim not only the rank, but the emolu-
ments of the grades to which they seek to be
advanced. Now, the gentleman from New
Hampshire has said—and the statement was
reiterated by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. O'Neill,] who came to his rescue—that
this measure will involve an increased expense
of only $1,600. Upon that point I take issue
with the gentleman. This matter has been
examined by an expert, and he makes a very
different report.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman give
me the name of the expert?
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I could
give the name to the gentleman privately; and
when I might do so he will acknowledge that
the authority is good. And, sir, the very lan-
guage of the bill bears out my statement.
These commodores are to have the rank, pay,
and emoluments belonging to that rank, and
that means additional compensation. The
increase of expense in the medical department
of the Navy will be $40,000 a year. There
will be the same increase in the pay and en-
gineer departments of the Navy, as those offi-
cers will claim the same privileges as the sur-
geons, and have already bills before Congress,
and if granted the whole extra expense will
be §120,000 per annum. This amount in ten
years would build us two magnificent steam
frigates.
Now, sir, it is stated that unless this measure
be adopted there will be a difficulty in obtain-
ing medical officers, owing to the want of higher
rank in the medical corps. This, I am assured,
is a mistake. I understand that if all the sur-
geons, paymasters, and engineers should leave
the naval service to-morrow their places could
be filled in forty-eight hours with the best abil-
ity of the country. The pay and rank are now
such that, as I am told, competent and skillful
surgeons would bo glad to take the places of
these men, and would be glad to have the
opportunity to accept and discharge the duties
of those positions.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. WASnBURNE, of Illinois. I will
if it does not come out of my time.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, as a com-
mentary on the gentleman's statement, which
is doubtless correct in theory, I wish to men-
tion the fact that there are now fifty-five vacan-
cies in the medical corps of the Navy, although
circulars have been addressed to all the grad-
uating medical colleges. Those places cannot
be filled. The degradation of the medical corps
of the Navy by the advancement of line offi-
cers four grades and withholding advancement
from the medical staff has brought it to such
a condition that you cannot get any graduates
of medical colleges to take commissions as
medical officers in the Navy.
The SPEAKER. The fifteen minutes al-
lowed to the gentleman from Illinois have now
expired.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to his
time being extended.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My in-
formation differs from the information of my
honorable friend from Pennsylvania. I have
heard no complaint from the Admiral of the
Navy that we had not sufficient medical officers
to supply our ships.
Mr. STEVENS. I will state to the gentle-
man from Illinois that I have official informa-
tion there are fifty-five vacancies in the medi-
cal corps of the Navy; and this arises exactly
from the condition of things described by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, with the outside
additional obstacle of want of prospective pro-
motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know, Mr. Speaker, but there may be these
vacancies. I trust there are, aud that they will
continue, because we now have medical officers
enough in the Navy for the purposes of the
Government. If, then, we do rot need these
officers, there surely can be no reason why we
should pass this bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would be glad if my
friend from Illinois would inform the House
