1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
what is the pay now received by the medical
officers of the Navy.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have not
a Navy Register before me. I suppose the
gentleman from New Hampshire has.
Mr. STEVENS. Thehighestpay now given
to a medical officer in the Navy is to a fleet
surgeon, being $3,300. This bill abolishes
fleet surgeons, about seven' of them, and leaves
the pay of the highest officer at $3,200.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Now, it
will be found by reference to the memorial of
the surgeons that they refer to the rank of
medical officers in the British navy, and claim
that the senior is a vice admiral. There is no
such rank in the medical corjis of that navy.
The regulations say that "atter three years
service, or full pay as such, inspector generals
of hospitals and fleets may rank with rear
admirals according to date of completion of
service stated." Now there are only seven
inspector generals of hospitals, &c., in the
whole of the great British navy on the active
list, which has in commission over seventy
thousand men. There is no proof in the
British Navy Register that any of these offi-
cers rank with rear admirals; five of them are
merely honorary surgeons to the queen. These
are high officers in the British navy who never
go to sea, and after all are merely honorary
titles for attendance on the queen. As we have,
no queen the case does not apply to us at all.
By the law of Congress of 1846 the rank of
surgeons was defined as follows: surgeons of
the fleet and surgeons of over twelve years
rank with commander ; surgeons under twelve
years rank with lieutenant; passed assistant
surgeons rank next after lieutenant; assistant
surgeons rank next after master. This is the
rank under which they claim to be laboring
now. The facts of the case are these: the
chief of bureau ranks with commodore; the
fleet surgeon ranks witli captain, no matter
how short a time he has been a surgeon ; sur-
geons of fifteen years rank with captain ; sur-
geons after first five years rank with com-
mander; surgeons for the first live years rank
with lieutenant commander, &c. This is a
higher rank than is held by any surgeons in
any navy in the world. The Navy Department,
with out any authority of law, advanced the med-
ital officers one grade, and in some cases two,
and this applied to the pay and engineer officers
as well.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman whether
a fleet surgeon is not a ward-room officer; and
whether, although forty years in the service,
he must not go among the pigsties and chicken-
coops on the forward deck to smoke his pipe,
if lie should indulge in such a luxury, and
must not sleep with youth of the age of his
grandchildren in a room in common? We ask
by this bill to give him such rank as will, in
view of his long service, his probably distin-
guished service, let him escape from the soci-
ety of the boys of the Navy, and the confine-
ment of the ward-room, from which the lieu-
tenant commander escapes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know much about the regulations of men of
war. I have never been in the service, as I
presume my distinguished friend on the Com
miltee on Naval Affairs has; but I know this—-
Mr. PAINE. 1 would like to ask mv friend
if he refers to midshipmen when he speaks of
bovs?
Mr. KELLEY. I do, sir.
Mr. PAINE. I would like to ask further
whether a midshipman is a ward-room officer.
Mr. KBLLEY. I believe all are ward-room
officers until they get to the position of lieu-
tenant eommandci-3, when they enjoy their
several rooms.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question. If he supports this bill for the
purpose of preventing ward-room officers from
sleeping with the boys, I want him to tell ino
what he is going to do with the boys. With
whom will they sleep? [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. Very well; I will answer.
As the boy advances in years of service and
dignity I would do what the Government, does
with the line officers, advance his comforts;
not as you do with your medical staff, keep
them, though they be sixty years of age, still
the associates of the young graduates succeed-
ing from year to year from your Naval Acad-
emy. I would give to the venerable physician,
the fleet surgeon, that position which would
entitle him to his separate room and his hour
of privacy—his ability to perform his clerical
duties by the light of day, and not keep him
in that dark part of the ship, which the sun and
the daylight never penetrate. That is what I
would do with boy and man.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
propose, Mr. Speaker, to be drawn off from
the merits of the bill to discuss this outside
question very much. We have had a Navy for
a great many years; a Navy that went through
the war of 1812 and the war of the rebellion;
a Navy that has won glory and honor, and I
never heard of these great complaints of put-
ting a surgeon in the ward-room, which the
gentleman designates as a " pig-sty."
Mr. ICELLEY. I beg pardon ; I said if he
wanted to smoke his pipe he must go to the
forward deck among the hen coops and pig-
sties to do it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
a very good place to smoke a pipe. [Laugh-
ter.] That, then, is the complaint—that the
doctors are not permitted to smoke in the
ward-room among the boys, as lie calls them,
and they are compelled to associate with the
"boys." Who are these "boys" that the
gentleman alludes to? They are the young
men whom the members of this House send to
the naval school, the sons of our constituents.
Now, I undertake to say that the boys we
send to Annapolis are equal to any of these
medical gentlemen, without, any disparage-
ment to the medical officers of the Navy.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman whether
he thinks those boys are his equal in years,
and whether he would like to be doomed day
after day, month after month, and year after
year to have 110 other associates than boys
of the age of those who graduate from the
n vval school. I make no reflection upon boys.
Were it not for thoin we would have few such
able men as the gentleman from Illinois, who
was once a boy himself but is one no longer.
According to the Scripture he has left boyish
things behind him, and I think he would not
like to be doomed by law to a constant asso-
ciation with them.
"Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
care to continue this discussion any longer.
So far as the association of boys is concerned
I would bo entirely willing and satisfied to
associate with the young men I have had the
honor to send to the naval school, and who
have graduated with distinction and are an
honor to their profession.
Mr. KELLEY. The question relates to
association with youth of their age from year
to year, generation to generation?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will not
take up the time of the House much longer.
As I said, I have not had time to arrange or
digest my remarks. I have looked over the
bill and jotted down some things that have
occurred to me in regard to its provisions, and
have become convinced that it ought not to
pass. There are other suggestions which have
been made touching this bill which I deem
worthy of consideration.
Mr. STEVENS. Are they from the same
authority?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Not the
same, but equally good. _We give to subordi-
nates who are mere adjuncts of the Navy,
whose responsibilities are departmental and
particular, and which are covered altogether
by the responsibilities of their commander and
principal, an equal rank with him! ihe cap-
tain of a man-of-war acting under confidential
instructions of his Government, negotiating
with Governments of other countries, holding
peace and war in his discretion, men and guns
uuder his control, the honor of his flag to sus-
tain, the keeper and preserver of all the lives
and property placed under his orders by,his
Government; who cares for and controls the
surgeon and his sick and his medicines ; who
is responsible for the paymaster himself as
well as his money chest; who governs the
engineer and all under him, is placed there by
the Government because his professional edu-
cation has trained him for the place of com-
mand which cannot be filled by a doctor, a
paymaster, or an engineer. This captain, so
important to his country, is furnished with a
ship and guns and a crew wherewith to execute
the will of his Government. Incidental to the
crew is a doctor to heal the sick, a paymaster
to pay the crew and issue the provisions and
clothing, an engine-driver to drive the engine.
These are all, in the first instance, responsible
to the captain to execute his orders, and if they
fail he suspends their functions, and regulates
when and how they shall perform them. His
responsibility covers them all, and all that is
done on board his vessel.
Make the doctor, the paymaster, the engi-
neer, the equals of the captain nominally or
really, and what comes of it? Is there any
one who does not know that anarchy, confu-
sion, insubordination, which are the utter
destruction of the Navy, must follow. The
Navy was created and maintained for well-
known purposes. Destroy its discipline and
the power of an officer to control those under
his command and all those purposes are frus-
trated. Here, with your ship under the com-
mand of a captain, you by this bill put on
board the ship as doctor a superior officer of
the rank of commodore.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow
me to call his attention to the provision of the
bill which says in so many words that no med-
ical staff officer shall exercise any such com-
mand as that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand that well; but ho is an officer of supe-
rior rank in the ship, and drawing higher pay
than the man who commands the ship. That
does not seem to me to be right, and such a
state of things would be destructive of all dis-
cipline and lead to ill feeling and bad blood
and general insubordination. There are other
objections, but I have no time to state them,
it seems to me those already suggested are
quite sufficient, and I hope the House will now
pass the bill.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over until to-morrow.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined ana found truly
enrolled an act (H. II. No. 1428) authorizing
the admission in evidence of copies of certain
papers, documents, and entries; when the
Speaker signed the same.
union pacific railroad.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of the Interior, transm itting, in compliance with
a resolution of the House of Representatives
of the 5tli instant, copies of the reports of the
special commissioners upon the Union Pacific
railway, eastern division, and the Sioux City
and Pacific railroad; which was referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered
to be printed.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence for one week was granted
to Mr. Robixsojt, on account of a death in his
family.
printing op testimony.
the SPEAKER. The chairman of the \
Committee on Election Frauds in New York p
asks authority that the evidence taken by the
committee may be printed for the use of the
committee as taken, so that they may report
the evidence in print. If there be no objec-
tion it will be so ordered.
There was no objection ; and the order was
made.
