1168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
halted, for a great number of years in this coun-
try, and it is only at a very recent date that it
may be said to have been adopted. What was
the ground upon which the interference of the
Government was asked for? It was this—and
gentlemen turning back will see it in the argu-
ments—notthat the Government shouldspecif-
ically aid, but that it should go forward and be
a stockholder in the company, thus loaning its
credit and loaning its means for a time to ac-
complish this work. In its inception the argu-
ment was that such was the great commerce,
and to be the great commerce of that river, and
its increase was to be so vast, that the Govern-
ment would in a short time be repaid all its
expenditures from the tolls levied upon that
commerce.
At that time the commerce of that river de-
manded that it should be taxed for the benefit
of this great improvement. It did not intimate
that there was any obligation on the part of
the Government to aid in the work otherwise
than by lending its credit and its means to it.
It was conceded that the commerce of the river
ought to be taxed, and would willingly submit
to be taxed in order to accomplish the pur-
pose. Owing to the interest that all parts of the
country took in the condition of things on that
river, and its growing commerce, Congress did
accede to that request, and agreed that it would
advance. a certain sum by becoming a large
stockholder in the company, on the condition
that the commerce of the river, as it offered to
do, as it desired to do, should repay to the
Government in a certain way, through tolls
levied upon the tonnage passing through the
canal, the amount necessary to keep it in repair
and to repay what the Government advanced.
That was done. I only design to notice the
great outlines of this matter and the arguments
adduced.
What was the next step? Gentlemen say
that the Government has become the holder
of the property. In what way? A mereholder
in trust, never anything more than a mere
trustee ; and to argue that because the Gov-
ernment is a trustee of an estate it therefore
ought out of its own means to pay off all the
mortgages on the estate is a new argument to
me coming from a lawyer. That is precisely
the argument of my honorable friend from
Indiana. The Government, I say, is a mere
trustee.
But what is the next step ? The next step
is that the people interested in the commerce
of that river come forward and ask a little
more. They ask the Government to authorize
the company to enlarge the canal and authorize
them to issue bonds in order to obtain funds
to enlarge it, those bonds, that money bor-
rowed, to be paid off in the same way out of
a tax to be levied upon the commerce of the
river passing through the canal. That was the
request. They did not intimate at that time
that they desired the Government to make any
more advances; they did not intimate that the
Government was under the slightest obligation
to perform this work; they did not intimate that
the Government was or ever had been anything
but a trustee in form and a benefactor in fact,
lending money which, to be sure, has "been
repaid; but adverting to the old argument,
the fact that the commerce of the river had in
fact paid tor all these advances, they said,
"We do not ask you to do the work your-
selves; but allow us, who are really the per-
sons interested, you being nominally the holder,
to enlarge this canal, because it is required by
commerce, and to issue our paper for that
particular object;" saying and arguing that
this same commerce would pay that off in a
very short period of time, as it had done be-
fore with the other expenses. Congress was
told " No risk is run ; allow us to do it and to
impose the burden upon the commerce of the
river.■' That was the request, and that was
the argument. Not a word was said at that
time about any obligation of the Government
to make it free ; not & word was whispered as
to any oppression upon the commerce of the
river; but the company came forward and
said, " Allow us to do this thing, and to issue
our obligations to obtain the means to do it,
and in a very reasonable period of time the
great commerce of the river by the toll ex-
acted will pay it off." Was not that the argu-
ment?
Mr. STEWART. They agreed themselves
to make it free after they should pay off the
debt incurred.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly. I was
coming to that. What was the bill passed?
Congress said to thfem, "Doit; if you want
the canal enlarged, enlarge it; if you want to
issue your paper, issue it, and get means; we
have no doubt you will be able to pay it. But
bear in mind," said Congress by the same act,
"do not call upon us to do it; we are not to
be implicated; we are not to be under any ob-
ligation; we recognize no obligation." They
did not ask you to recognize it, but agreed
themselves that they would do it, and that it
should be made free for the use of the com-
merce of the river when the expense should
be reimbursed out of the tolls. That is the
substance of the act, if I remember it rightly.
That was not many years ago. That has gone
on; and what is the demand now ? A very
short time ago a survey of this canal was or-
dered at the expense of the Government, at
the request of those interested and at the re-
quest of others living on the Indiana shore, or
those concerned in commerce up and down the
river. They said, "We should like to have a
survey ; and be good enough to have a survey
of the Indiana side made at the same time and
let us see what can be done there." Congress
accedes to that request, pays the bills, orders
the engineer to make it, and he now comes
forward and says this enlargement is very
valuable. They have expended between fif-
teen and sixteen hundred thousand dollars on
it, according to their own request, to be paid
off by the commerce of the river by this very
moderate toll upon it. In addition to that the
engineer says it will cost about eleven or twelve
hundred thousand dollars more, coming very
closely up to $3,000,000 altogether, and that
will complete this canal. But when you have
got the canal completed it will not effect the
object. You must have another and a larger
one on the Indiana side, which will cost about
fourteen million dollars more. That is what
you have got to do in order to free the com-
merce of this river.
And now, sir, just at this particular period
of time, when the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Finance is telling us every day
that wo cannot possibly stagger under the load
that we are bearing unless we cut down ex-
penditures in every possible direction ; when
he tells us that we cannot complete and ought
not to complete the defenses upon the Atlan-
tic coast that are already in progress, and
when be tells us that we cannot complete any
other public works of any very great conse-
quence, because the condition of the Treasury
will not bear it, what is the proposition ? That
now, at this very moment, we shall not only
assume this matter, which was never thought of
before,which was neverpretended before—that
we now not only ought to do it, but are under
obligation to do it as owners of the property,
because we own it.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to make one word of explanation just at this
point?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. I understand the Senator
says that the Government assuming this debt
and taking charge of this canal was never
thought of before. I would say to the distin-
guished Senator from Maine that he is very
much mistaken on that point, for on at least
half a dozen different occasions Secretaries of
the Treasury have urged upon Congress that
this canal should be made free, and that the
Government should take charge of it; and I
have here references to some five or six reports
made by the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce in the Senate, and 1 believe by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
of the House of Representatives, urging the
same thing, and giving conclusive reasons why
it should be done; but it has so happened—
I know not how it has so happened—that it has
not been, notwithstanding the repeated re-
quests on the part of the Treasury Department
and on the part- of the various committees of
both branches of Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very likely Mr. Guth-
rie recommended it. When I speak of its not
being thought of, I speak of the action of Con-
gress as developed, by its laws, by what was
asked for and what was granted. That is the
"thought of," the manner of thinking of I
refer to.
Now, sir, to come to the precise point, what
is demanded is simply that we shall pay off the
$1,576,000 debt which this company asked
leave to incur, and which was to be paid out
of the proceeds of the tolls, and not only that,
but we shall make other advances at once iu
order to complete the canal; and not only that,
but my honorable friend from Indiana admits
that then you will not have done what ought to
be done ; but he says that for the present, just
now, he will not ask for anything more ; and
my honorable friend, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, is willing to concede that
at present, just at this time, he will vote against
commencing the new work, which is to cos-t
fourteen or fifteen millions, but it is as mani-
fest as anything can be, nothing can be more
evident, that this is to be the mere entering
wedge to the other canal.
I am not saying that under certain circum-
stances it might not be a good thing. I am
not undertaking to say that under certain cir-
cumstances of this country I might not be will-
ing to vote for it if I voted for other appropri-
ations of a similar character. I do not know
but that it may be demanded. Still it strikes
me that now, when we are all talking about
economy, when we are cutting down the ap-
propriations that are made on this very bill to
a point absolutely necessary to keep in repair
works we have already commenced to merely
keep them from deterioration and prevent their
going to destruction, and everything is cut
down to that point, it is a singular proposition
to come forward with the initiation of a scheme
of such vast magnitude, at once to assume the
payment of $3,000,000 for a single work: to
take this matter out of the position in which
these gentlemen placed it by their own voli-
tion, at their own motion, at their own re-
quest, out of the force of the arguments which
they adduced in order to induce and persuade
Congress to allow tbem to enlarge the canal
and to issue their paper to pay for it. At this
period of time to come forward with an idea
of this sort, initiating a scheme of this magni-
tude, strikes me as singular, to say the least
of it; and especially when I see it urged with
such force and persistence by the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Finance, by
whom we have received so many excellent
lessons on the subject of economy and of cut-
ting down and keeping down the expenditures.
Nov/, sir, there is a good deal of a history,
allow me to say, with which I am somewhat
familiar, about this doctrine of the General
Government entering into public works. Sen-
ators know very well that, as I said before, the
question of entering upon these improvements
by the General Government was one that halted
for a long course of years. Nothing had been
done with reference to appropriations for river
and harbor improvements for some years before
I Became a member of the Senate; and I think
at the first session, or very soon after I became
a member of the Senate, a river and harbor
bill to the amount of about two million dollars
was passed in President Pierce's administra-
tion. That was violently opposed ; but it went
through, as such bills always go through, and
they cannot go through otherwise in this coun-
try, by combinations of different interests. It
went through as the Pacific railroad did, by
