216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
phots and pilot regulations.
Mr. FLANDERS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. K. No. 1591) repealing
an act passed by the Legislature of Washing-
ton Territory, relating to pilots and pilot reg-
ulations ; which was read a first and second
time, and, with an accompanying petition,
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
natal appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Appropriations, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 1590) maliing appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1870; which was read a first and second time,
recommitted to the committee, and ordered
to be printed.
mail route in alabama.
Mr. HAUGHEY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1592) to change
the time for carrying the mails on route No.
7177, between Fulton, Mississippi, and Frank-
fort, Alabama; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
taxes on spirits and tobacco.
Mr. BECK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1593) to modify por-
tions of section twenty of the act approved J uly
20, 1868, entitled llAn act imposing taxes on
distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other pur-
poses;" which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
pension appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHB[TRNE, of Illinois. I desire
to move to go into Committee of the Whole
on the pension bill. Belbie doing so, I move
that when the House shall proceed to the con-
sideration of that bill in Committee of the
Whole fill general debate upon it shall term-
inate in half an hour.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
move that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of tho Union
upon the pension appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Allison in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
House bill No. 15t54, making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions
of the United States for the year ending June
SO, 1870.
The bill_ was read at length. It appropriates
the following sums, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
payment of pensions for the year ending the
oOth of June, 1870: for invalid pensions
under various acts, 810,000,000; for pen-
sions of widows, children, mothers, fathers,
brothers, and sisters of soldiers, as provided
for by acts of March 18, 1818; May 15,
1828; June 7, 1832; July 4, 1836; July 7,
1838; March 3, 1843; June 17, 1841; Feb-
ruary 2, July 21, and July 29, 1848 ; February
3, 1853; June 3, 18-38; and July 14, 1862,
with its supplementary acts, and for compen-
sation to pension agents and expenses of
agencies, $13,000,000 ; and for Navy pensions
to invalids, widows and children, and other
relatives of the officers and men of the Navy
dying in the line of duty, now provided by
law, $250,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, in proceeding to the consideration of
the first in the series of regular appropriation
bills to be considered, it may not be deemed
inappropriate to submit to the House some
observations^ on the character and extent of
the appropriations necessary for the support
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
Juhe 30, 1870, and other cognate matters.
It must be a matt'er of profound congratu-
lation to all good citizens that the time is now
come when the attention of the people can be
given in a greater degree to the material and
vital interests of the country. A gigantic re-
bellion suppressed; the curse of human slavery
abolished ; the rebellious States reconstructed,
or in the process of reconstruction, on the basis
of equal rights before the law to all; a loyal
administration of the country secured for the
next four years ; the bitterness of party feeling
assuaged, the earnest attention of the Ameri-
can people will now be turned to questions of
the internal administration of the country.
The excitement and passions growing out of
the war and out of the contests connected t. e-
with will die away with the lapse of time and
the people will compel Congress to confront
other and different questions than those which
have for so many years overshadowed and swal-
lowed up everything else. With the unrecon-
structed States admitted into the Union, with
full and equal protection for all men in all the
States, and with manhood suffrage secured by
legislation or constitutional amendment, the
minds of the people will turn to questions of
finance, of taxes, of economy, of decreased
expenditures,and honest and enlightened legis-
lation, to questions of tariffs, and to questions
of railroad, telegraph, and express monopolies,
which are sucking the very life-blood of the
people, to the administration of the revenue
laws and to the robberies andplunderings of the
Treasury by dishonest office-holders.
Already the eyes of the people of this coun-
try are upon Congress. I may say they are
upon the Republican majority in Congress, for
that majority is now responsible before the
country for the legislation of Congress. It can
make and unmake laws in defiance and con-
tempt of Executive vetoes. The Republican
party triumphed in the last election because it
was pledged to honesty and economy, to the
upholding of public faith and public credit,
and to the faithful execution of the laws. And
those pledges cannot now be ignored without
subjecting that part}' to the censure of the
people.
The condition of the country, the vast public
debt, the weight of taxation, the depreciated
and fluctuating currency, the enormous ex-
penditures of public money, the mal-adminis-
tration of the Government, the extortions of
monopolies, press upon our attention with
most crushing force. The people elected
General Grant to the Presidency not only on
account of the great and inestimable services
he has rendered the country in subduing the
rebellion; not only on account of his devotion
to the great principles of the Republican pariy,
but because they believe him to be emphati-
cally an honest man and an enlightened states-
man, who would faithfully administer the laws
without fear, favor, or affection.
The time has come when we are imperatively
called upon to take a new departure. Added
to other terrible evils brought upon the country
by the war for the suppression of the rebellion,
is the demoralization incident to all great wars
and to the expenditures of vast and unheard-
of amounts of public money ; to the giving out
of immense contracts by which sudden and
vast fortunes were made, the inflation of the
currency, which engendered speculation, prof-
ligacy, extravagance, and corruption, by the
intense desire to get suddenly rich out of the
Government and without labor, and the inven-
tions and schemes generally to get money out
of the Treasury for the benefit of individuals
without regard to the interests of the Govern-
ment.
While the restless and unpausing energies of
a patriotic and incorruptible people were de-
voted to the salvation of their Government, and
they were pouring out their blood and treasure
in its defense, there was the vast army of the
base, the venal, and unpatriotic, who rushed
in to take advantage of the misfortunes of the
country and to plunder its Treasury. The
statute-books are loaded with legislation which
will impose burdens on future generations.
Public land enough to make empires has been
voted to private railroad corporations; subsi-
dies of untold millions of bonds, for the same
purposes, have become a charge upon the peo-
ple, while the fetters of vast monopolies have
been fastened still closer and closer upon the
public.
It is time that the Representatives of the
people were admonished that they are the ser-
vants of the people and are paid by the people;
that their constituents have confided to them
the great trust of guarding their rights and
protecting their interests ; that their position
and their power are to be used for the benefit
of the people whom they represent, and not for
their own benefit and the benefit of tho lob-
byists, the gamblers, and the speculators who
have come to Washington to make a raid upon
the Treasury. The time has also come, in my
judgment, when public men are to be held to
a more strict accountability, to a more strict
discharge of their duty, and when their actions
will be scanned, by a more critical eye. It is
no new lesson that the puolic men of this coun-
try must learn. It is a lesson which has been
taught in other countries and at times even
when there was little to boast of in the way of
public virtue.
It is recorded in history that during the most
terrible days of the French revolution, for it
was on the 14th of May, 1793, nineteen days
before the passage of the celebrated decree of
the national convention on the 2d of June,
placinginaccusaKortthe Girondists, that Buzot,
one of the purest and most eminent of those
gifted and brilliant men, pronounced these
memorable words, which should be engraved
in letters of gold over the entrance of every
public office and of every hall of legislation :
"So public man can be justified in profiting from
the information and advantages of his position. It
is his duty to consecrate exclusivity to the public
interest the knowledge which such position furnishes
to him."
Much is expectedof tho new Administration,
and the public expectation will not be disap-
pointed. But as much as General Grant can-
do, and as much as he will do in his own sphere
of action, it is idle to suppose that he can do
everything that the country requires to be done
to secure those reforms in the public service
which are so imperatively demanded. As
President, General Grant must have the earnest
and cordial support of the other branches of
the Government, particularly of the legislative
branch. The responsibility of this Congress,
so far as the next Administration is concerned,
is complete.
We can water-log the ship of State before
the President-elect takes command. We can
make appropriations and incur liabilities which
will go over to the next Administration, which
cannot be met by the current revenues and can
only be met by imposing additional taxation
on the people. We can destroy the confidence
of the people in the wigdom, integrity, and
purity of the Republican party by yielding to
the insatiate demands of the cormorants who
have gathered about us and who make requi-
sitions upon us which, if yielded to, will de-
stroy, and ought to destroy, any party. By
our recklessness and extravagance we can
make appropriations of land and money which
will destroy the national credit and make our
country an object of scorn to the civilized
world.
With neither money nor credit, unable to
command respect at home or abroad, we will
be held in contempt by the weakest and most
pusillanimous nations. Never has the country
in time of peace looked to Congress with more
intense interest than al the present time. The
demand of the great masses of our constitner.cs,
the bone and sinew of the country, the men
who have no schemes of plunder, and who
desire only an honest administration of the
Government, the men who fought the battle.s
of the Republic and poured out their blood in
its defense, they require of us a decrease of
our expenditures and a reduction of taxation.
Regardless of the mysteries of finance they
see that our credit can be improved, the public
faith vindicated, a return to specie payments
made certain, a reduction of the interest on the
public debt secured, by keeping down the ex-
penditures of the Government to the lowest
