1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
accommodating everybody who wanted to- be
accommodated by it, not considering -what was
the best thing for the country, but in what
manner it could be carried by argreemcntwkh
those who were interested. President Pierce
vetoed it, and.it was some years after that before
a bill of the kind could, be passed ; and it was
not, in factj established as the .policy of this
country until the Republican party, obtained the
power conclusively and decisively. My honor-
able friend from Indiana, who is acquainted
with this history and familiar with the doctrine,
knows that theformer Representatives and Sen-
ators from the southern States always opposed
it on constitutional grounds. They said there
was no constitutional power to appropriate for
these works. They made a distinction between
river improvements and harbor improvements
in the interior and harbor improvements on the
co,ast. Why? On what grounds? They said
that the improvement of harbors on the coast
came within the naval power; that the power
to establish a Navy and to do everything in
order to render effectual that which they under-
took for that purpose, gaveauthority to improve
harbors on the coast for the protection of the
Navy. But they disputed and always disputed
the idea that the mere ground of regulating
commerce could convey the power to make
river and harbor improvements wherever Con-
gress should see fit to do it. That question,
ho,wever, has gone by, and now we have come to
this policy, andgentlemen ask sundry and divers
questions here which seem to me to be very
easily answered. They ask what is the differ-
ence between this and the Pacific railroad ? A
very material difference between this and the
Pacific railroad is, that with regard to the Pa-
cific railroad the Government was asked to do
no more than to lend its money, to be secured
by a mortgage on the road and to be repaid
out of the proceeds of the road. Is that what
you ask here? How is it with regard to rail-
roads for which you have granted lands? Are
the railroads to be made free by Congress be-
cause Congress makes a grant of land, and per-
haps retains certain privileges in consequence
of it? There.is no similarity whatever between
the cases. Let me tell Senators that there is
a vast difference, and it has always been made,
between an appropriation of land out of the
public domain and an appropriation of money
out of the Treasury.
The constitutional question that was raised
always had reference to the appropriation of
money. By the Constitution we have all power
to dispose of the public lands as we please,
and to give them away if we like; but we have
no power to dispose of the money in the
Treasury of the United States as we please.
Ypu.will find no such provision there ; we can-
not give that away properly, although we do to
a very .considerable extent. The ground upon
which the grant to. railroads is put is that the
Government makes money by it, that we raise
the price of our land, that by giving away
certain portions of land we so increase the
value of the residue as to make money by it. So
Congress not only has specific power to do that
by the Constitution, but it has been urged as a
matter of profit and income to the Govern-
ment. There is every distinction in the world,
as is perfectly manifest to everybody, between
the .cases I have stated and cases where gen-
tlemen come forward here to ask us to appro-
priate money for the sake of making free
canals with money out of the Treasury. The
purpose unquestionably is a good one, but
that makes 110 difference in regard to the dis-
tinction between the cases.
Now, sir, without intending to comment
unfavorably upon this matter', allow me to ask
Senators whether there is not some difference,
in the present state of the Treasury, between
appropriations, allowing that we have a per-
fect right to make them, of small sums abso-
lutely necessary in order to preserve and keep
in repair that which we have already begun,
and an undertaking that is to cost us in the end
probably not less than twenty million dollars
when carried out; because once assume as
* 40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 74.
correct the principle which the honorable gen-
tlemen state, that we are bound to remove these
obstructions, as they are called, when you have
built one canal on the Kentucky side of the
river you have but begun to remove .the ob-
structions, according to the statement of the
honorable^ Senator from Indiana himself and
of the engineer ; and the same argument comes
in a very short period of time that that will not
accommodate the commerce of the country,
and you must remove these obstructions by
making another canal on the Indiana side of
the river. It may all be well, but at this time
is the Treasury in a condition to undertake it?
Are we in a condition for the next two years,
I would ask the honorable Senator from Ohio,
to pay out the $1,000,000 that we shall have
to pay for this work ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state, in answer to
that question, that in my judgment if there is
no further appropriation of this character the
$450,000 will be sufficient, with the accruing
revenues, which, as the Senator will perceive,
are to be applied until the work is completed,
because.this section does not propose to aban-
don the tolls while the work is being done.
My impression is that the amount stated by
General Weitzel will not be necessarily ex-
pended by the General Government, because
the work will last through two or three years,
and the revenue of the company is not less
than two or three hundred thousand dollars a
year, and that will be applied to the improve-
ment.
Mr. PESSENDEN. But the proposition is
to stop all appropriation of that revenue.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly; the canal
is to be made free. Now, let me put a case,
because it is well enough to consider how far
the Treasury is to be looked at. On the At-
lantic coast we have been very desirous that
our commerce should be relieved of the ton-
nage tax imposed upon it, and we thought it
ought to be done as commerce languished and
suffered there so much, as it did from competi-
tion elsewhere. There is no such competition
on the Mississippi river. The Committee on
Finance applied to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to know how much money that would lake
out of the Treasury, and his reply was that it
would take $500,000 per annum. The Com-
mitteeonFinanceatoncesay, " Goodgracious,
the idea of benefiting commerce by taking
$-500,000 out of the Treasury at this time is
preposterous 5 we cannot submit to it at all!"
But when it comes to a question of spending
$3,000,000 now or in a very short time, and
•? 15,000,000 more in future, for the commerce
of the Ohio river and doing what the people
upon the Ohio river, as I said, have never
asked for until the present time, it becomes a
matter of no sort of consequence.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I wish to ask him if his
argument is quite fair to say that we shall have
po canal at all because if we make one canal
we shall be asked to make another at some
future time? We want to have this canal on
the Kentucky side finished; it is now more
than two thirds done. We want to have it
finished ; but the argument is that Congress
must not give anything to finish this canal,
because if it does it will some time or other
be asked to appropriate money to build a canal
011 the other side of the river.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think I stated the
argument fairly. What is the argument npw?
Notwithstanding all the declarations of-gen-
tlemen who favored the building-of this caa'ai
in former times, notwithstanding their profes-,
sion that they were willing to have .the, com-,
merce of the river taxed, anddegired. to have
it taxed for the making of this.i,mJPEQFei:9erit,J
they now come forward and say, thrgugh.tlie
mouths of their representatives, that this has
been all the time a gross imposition upon the
commerce and business of the river and of the
West, notwithstanding it is so great and so
prosperous, nq .puwerful, .amofttiting, as I
think we h$ve been told, to $400,000^000 a
year* They cannot afford to continue what
they,offered iu the first place to-do, and what
they said they could do and,wer§ willing to ,<3o.;
and now we must pay for' it ,bee #e ;Mi iai^r
moving an obstruction, to^comm^i£§ 1 - ...
Very well; h.ow do th^y prove that it is ah
obstruction to commerce? They bring tfa
report of General Weifczel,saying that thepres-
ent canal is not large enough and recommend^
ipg that it lie enlarged. That, he says,, will
cost about three .millions?;, §,ud what. more
does he say? That even if .we do that you
still have not removed the obstruction, because
you must make auother and a larger cairal'.on
the Indiana side in order to accommodate the
commerce. If the argument is good in the first
instance is it not in the second, and does it
not lead inevitably to the conclusion that if
you do one you have got to do the other?. I
thought I stated the argument fairly, and I
cannot say that I think the Senator repligji
fully to the question which was put to him a
short time ago. When the question ,was put
whether he asked for the other also, he said
"not now," " not at present; " and " not at
present" would seem to indicate that he means
to do it in the future when it shall become
necessary.
Mr. President, in my humble opinion one
thing cannot be quoted properly as an excuse
for another under all circumstances. If we
began when the country was in a prosperous
condition to make oue public,work in the .West,
at the head of the Mississippi yiyer, to remove
or rather to avoid obstructions.-if we began
then at a particular time, and having begun it
it is necessary that we should go on to presefve
what we have expended, it does not follow that
we should interfere with what has been found
to accomplish a good object, what needs noth-
ing for its protection, what the people con-
cerned have undertaken themselves and have
thus far carried along well and can carry fur-
ther in the same mode that they have already
begun. I do not believe in the argument that
because the country has taken one heavy bur
deu upon its shoulders with reference to re
moving or avoiding the obstructions in the
Upper Mississippi, therefore a( the present
time, able or not, poor or not, whether it is
absolutely necessary or not, wc are to under-
take another which is as heavy as that.
It does not seem to me to be an argument
that is addressed to the good of the Treasury
or to the economy of the day. Sir, I have
noticed in myself—-and what I notice in myself
I am sometimes apt to suspect exists in others—
that with all our talk about economy and the
necessity of taking care of the Treasury,-when
it comes in competition with something thaSE
tends to promote our own popularity at home
we are very apt to think that that particular
thing does not come within the economical rule.
I have felt it even in as small a matter as the
improvement of the Saco river in the State
of Maine, where an appropriation of $10,000
was asked for. If a small matter like that
can affect me, patriotic as I deem myself, and
economical as I consider myself in little mat-
ters of three or four thousand dollars, I-am apt
to think that a matter of twenty or even three
millions may affect my honorable friend, the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, in his
strenuous and forcible argument in favor of this
appropriation. I do not blame him for it. But,
sir, let us be clear with each other; let us under-
stand the principles on which we put it. Be-
cause we think it is possible, in the present
condition of the country, to spend $3,000,000
for these improvements throughoutthe whole of
t}ie United States, of which sum the Mississippi
river and its tributaries get more than one half
by the present bill, does it follow that, in the
present condition of the Treasury, it is equaliy
sensible and practicable to double that amount,
yea, to quadruple it, all of which is te go to the
Mississippi river and its tributaries ?
Sir, I agree that this is a great nation. When
we get to be a rich nation as well ss a great
