1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
tion of the religious world. Pilgrims go there
not only from all parts of the country, but from
all quarters of the globe. Our citizens go there
not only for religious purposes, but to study the
great works of art collected there, for Rome is
not only the headquarters of the Roman Cath-
olic religion, but the center of art. I trust,
therefore, that the House will make the appro-
priation for this mission to Rome heretofore
made ; and that the proposition will have the
approval of the gentleman from Illinois. It is
much more important than the missions to San
Salvadorand Nicaragua ; and I do not see why
we should keep up missions to these small
South American republics aud abolish the mis-
sion to Rome.
Mr. COVODE. I object to the amendment
of the gentleman from New York; and as he
has referred to the election being over aud no
occasiou for political or religious excitement,
1 deem it proper now to call the attention of the
/ House to some of the facts connected with the
Roman Catholic church, to which he refers, as
interfering with elections in several ofthe States
of the Union, and in doing so I will state that
that church was used in Pennsylvania and in
my own district as an element of power by the
Democratic party in disregard of the election
laws of Pennsylvania, as was proved before the
Legislature of that State a year ago, in the case
of Robison vs. Shugart.
I will state here that in my own county tlio
Catholics congregated from other counties and
other States to increase the vote of the Demo-
cratic party at the monastery, making amajor-
ity of nearly one hundred more than their usual
vote, and in doing so it was the Catholics who
used fraudulent naturalization papers, as I have
the testimony to show, and will be ready to
present it at the proper time. Many of those
papers were signed by J. EossSnowden, clerk
of the supreme court of Pennsylvania, and sent
into my district, where the names of the parties
were inserted without regard to whether they
had been in this country a week or five years.
We have proved them guilty, and in the whole
investigation,from beginning to end,not a Prot-
estant was found among them ; they wore all
Catholics. The same outrages were perpetrated
in Fayette county, in my district, and 1 have
the affidavits to show that many votes were
polled there on papers issued by saidSnowden,
dated 9th October, in Philadelphia, to persons
belonging to the Catholic church who never
saw Philadelphia.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
allow me to put a question?
Mr. COVODE. Just a question.
Mr. WOODWARD. Do I understand my
colleague to say 
Mr. COVODE. I am not through yet. If
the gentleman wants to call my attention to
where some of these papers came from, I will
say that those used to defeat Colonel Robison
for the senate in Pennsylvania purported to be
issued in my colleague's own district,, at Wilkes-
barre, although the coffee stains were put on
them in Centre county to give them age. These
facts have been proved before the Pennsylvania
Legislature, and I will prove some of them as
already stated and others similar before the
Forty-First Congress.
Mr. WOODWARD. I do not see much
chance for my question yet. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. All debate has closed
on the pending amendment.
Mr. WOODWARD. I move to strike out
the last word, and I make the motion for the
purpose of saying, in reply to my colleague,
that if he charges the church of Rome with
the practices he has specified, it is due to a
large body of respectable citizens, and to this
House, that he produce the evidence that would
convict that church of misdemeanor. Now, I
allege that the only individual the gentleman
has specified as having issued fraudulent natu-
ralization papers is a Presbyterian, a member
of the Presbyterian church, to my certain
knowledge. I understand my colleague to
allege that the church of Rome had issued
fraudulent naturalization papers. I demand
to know when and where, and upon what
authority he makes that assertion.
Mr. COVODE. I said they were used by
Catholics exclusively; that all such frauds
were perpetrated by them and no others in my
district.
Mr. WOODWARD. I certainly do not
charge it upon the Presbyterian church ; I
simply say, in reply to the-gentleman, that the
individual to whom be alludes as issuing fraud-
ulent naturalization papers is a member, and
I believe a deacon, of the Presbyterian church.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the committee rise for the purpose of
closing general debate on the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Alli-
son reported that the committee had had under
consideration the state of the Onion generally,
and particularly House bill No. 15G4, making
appropriations for the payment of invalid and
other pensions of the United States for the
year ending June 30, 1870, and had directed
him to report the same to the House with
an amendment; also that the committee had
had under consideration House bill No. 1670,
making appropriations for the consular and dip-
lomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1870, aud. for other pur-
poses, and had come to no resolution thereon.
The amendment of the Committee of the
Whole to the pension appropriation bill was
concurred in ; and the bill, as amended, was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time ;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASITBURNE, of Illinois. I now
move that when the House shall resolve itself
again into the Committee ofthe Whole all gen-
eral debate shall be terminated in five minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
_ Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I move
further, before the House goes into the Com-
mittee of the Whole , to close the debate on the
amendment of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] in five minutes. I think it is
an improper place to discuss the matter; it is
not germane.
Mr. ELDllIDGE. I think it is quite as
germane as the gentleman's speech which he
made for half an hour.
The question was put on the motion to close
debate ; and there were—ayes 68, noes 32 ; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wasii-
Bt iixE, of Illinois, and Eldiudge were ap-
pointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes seventy-nine, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I now move
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
ofthe Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Allison in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (II. R. No. 1570) making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June SO, 1870, and for other purposes.
Mr. WOODWARD. When Iwas up before,
replying to my colleague from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Covode,] I omitted to say one thing
which I ought to have said. I said that the
gentleman to whom he has alluded as issuing
fraudulent naturalization papers is a Presbyte-
rian, and not a Romanist. 1 now wish to say
that, neither that gentleman nor anybody else
implicated, so far as I know, is fairly subject
to such a charge or reproach as he suggests.
The gentleman to whom he alluded is notonly
a Presbyterian instead of a Romanist, but he
is a man of the highest honor and intelligence,
and that he ever set his name to a false or
fraudulen t certificate is an assertion that would
be treated as idle, if not slanderous, in Peun*
sylvania. He did no such thing. He never
did such a thing. The gentleman's defeat for
Congress in his district last fall was not the
consequence of any such rascality on the part
of Mr. Snowden, or anybody else. It is ac-
counted for on other principles than the mach-
inations of the church of Rome, or of the
Presbyterian clerk of the supreme court, to
whom he alludes. That is the only explana-
tion I desire to make.
Mr. COVODE. My colleague has certainly
misunderstood me. It was with regard to the
persons who used the papers that I was speak-
ing, and not of those that issued them. Such
papers were used in my district. They were
sent there in bundles and filled up there. Some
of them were filled up on the eleetion ground,
and some of them were voted on by persons
who had not been in the country two years. I
referred to the persons who thus used them. I
knew Colonel Snowden well; but I found his
name on a large number of those papers issued
on the 9th day of October. The papers I re-
ferred to bore that date.
Mr. WOODWA31D. What had the church
of Rome to do with it?
Mr. COVODE. I say they were members
of the church of Rome who voted on these
papers, and no Protestant was engaged in the
business.
Mr. WOODWARD. You began by assert-
ing that the church of Rome did this wrong.
Mr. COVODE. I say they were members
of the church of Rome who used the papers
that purported to have emanated from my col-
league's district and which they coffee-stained,
as shown by testimony before the Pennsyl-
vania Legislature to the country, and they were
voted by these new Irish. [Laughter,]
Mr. WOODWARD. I have shown the gen-
tleman that the man who signed the certifi-
cates is a Presbyterian and no Ilomauist. I
now withdraw my amendment to the amend-
ment.
The question recurred on Mr. Brooks's
amendment.
Mr. J UDD. As I intend to vote against thci
amendment of the gentleman from New York,
I desire to place myself right so that no sido
issue, either of religion or politics, shall be
charged as the motive for my action. I think
that the issue between the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode] and his colleague
on the other side [Mr. Woodward] will not
govern the members of this House in deciding
upon this question. The mission to Rome has
now no existence, and the adoption of the
amendment would revive it. It is not with me
a question of religion or religious tolerance or
a question of politics, but it is whether there is
any usefulness to the country in reviving this
mission or continuing it. Since the territory
of that Government has becomc so limited there
is no public necessity for a minister residing at
that Court. I do not know of any national
interest that requires a diplomatic representa-
tive to guard or keep watch over or call for the
exercise of the powers of such a mission. I
think it is purely an ornamental position, to be
dealt out to some pleasaut gentleman with
good political antecedents and a favorite of the
powers that be. A consulate at Rome, with a
salary of $1,500,is continued by this bill; and for
all practical purposes this grade is high enough
to care for all of our interests that may center
there. There is nothing that is required to be
done at that place by an official of the Gov-
ernment but what can be done by a consul.
If we desire to act upon the principle of econ-
omy, and to cut off useless expenditures by
destroying merely ornamental positions, we
might as well begin with the diplomatic service
as with any other. 1 merely arose to say that
I shall vote against the amendment, not for the
reasons assigned by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Covodb,] but for the reasons I
have given, that it is useless, and not required
by the public interest,.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
