1172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
February 13,
would seem to be useless to order the surveys
to be inside, .
Mr. RiCE. If we keep this section in I
simil move to restore the appropriation. We do
not want to order surveys to be made without
milking an appropriation for them.
Mr. CHANDLER,.' It is for the Senate to
say. The committee thought it best not to
incur ihe expense at this time.
Mr. FOWLER. There is one of the rivers
named in this section in which the State of
/Tennessee is interested, the Cumberland river.
Perhaps there is no stream in the United States
that is navigable for so great a distance for so
longaperiodof the year. Itis some six hundred
miles to the end of navigation on that river.
Itis navigable for a large portion of the sea-
son. The upper part ot' the river drains the
southeastern portion of Kentucky and the in-
terior inonntainportion of Tennessee, and the
people residing there have no opportunity of
getting their products to market except through
the Cumberland river. It is obstructed in one
place only, at what- are called the Harpeth
shotils ; and a very small amount >of money
would be sufficient to-render the stream navi-
gable at almost all seasons of the year. There
are- vast amounts of coal, timber, iron, and
other products conveyed to market by means
of this 'river. ■ So far from the Government
losing anythifig by improving it, it would be a
positive gainer,- because it would give those
people a ooustant opportunity of getting their
produce to market, and would greatly augmpnt,
the revenue of the Government. I hope there-
fore that it will be retained. I am very well
aware that the remarks made by the Senator
from Arkansas are correct in regard to the
rivers in his State. I know them well. The
people there are situated very much as those
on the Cumberland are.
Mr. COLE. I suppose it is in order to move
to amend the section before the vote is taken
on striking it out
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. COLE. I move to amend the section
by inserting after " Eel river," in line twenty-
two, the words " and the harbor of San Diego,
California."
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senatortellus where
13 el river is?
Mr. COLE. It is a fiver emptying into the
Pacific ocean near Cape Mendocino, on the
coast of California, between the harbor of San
BVancisco and the harbor of Humboldt, I think
nearly half way between those two points, it
is a plaee^from which the lumber that is made
on t,lie Pacific coast in great measure is taken
out into the sea and shipped to different ports.
Now, as to the harbor of San Diego, there is
very great necessity for some improvement of
that harbor. The river that empties into the
harbor has been changed in its outlet from a
place known as False bay into the bay or
harbor of San Diego, and the sand is being car-
ried down from year to year, and particularly
during those years when there is extreme high
water, greatly to the detriment of the harbor
of that place.
Mr. President, it,strikes me that this bill, as
it has been reported by the Committee on Com-
merce, is entirely a one-sided affair. Nearly
ail the appropriations in it are for the improve-
ment of' harbors on the great lakes of the
Northwest, and next to nothing is appropriated
for the rivers and harbors of the southern por-
tion of the Atlantic coast, and almost nothing
Tor the improvement of the harbors and rivers
on the Pacific coast. Two questions arise in
my mind: first, when these improvements of
the harbors on the great lakes are to end, and ,
next, when the improvements of the harbors j
n ml rivers on the other side of the Rocky j
mountains are to begin.
1 observe that heavy appropriations were |
made m 1866, and again large appropriations
•" -1®67'.Iin<! a"a™ very large appropriations
m iSo  for tiie improvement of these identical
harbors in .Michigan and about there, for which
appropriations are now asked. And' I believe
I do not mistake or misstate the facts when I
say that a large proportion of the appropria-
tion of $1,500,000 made last year was-devoted
to these same harbors. I think it is time, at
least, that some steps were taken to ascertain
whether such improvements are needed in
other portions of the Union. We have been
trying, directly and indirectly, to get inform-
ation before Congress touching the harbors
that need improvement on the Pacific coast.
It is a fact notorious to all people on that coast
that the Sacramento river needs improvement
very much, and there it has been done by the
State and by private parties or corporations.
For example, the Steam Navigation Company
of California have found it necessary to make
very large expenditures for the improvement
of that river in order that their boats might
pass freely from one point to another. I do
not remember exactly the sums that have been
expended in this way ; perhaps -the company
itself does not know, but I have been informed
and believe that a great many thousand dol-
lars—-I may be at fault, but I believe something
near thirty thousand dollars—have been ex-
pended wi hin a year or two for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the lower part of
the Sacramento river by the Steam Navigation
Company of California—a work of absolute
necessity in order to prevent the stoppage of
their vessels upon the bar which is found there.
The Legislature of our State has taken steps
in this matter and passed resolutions on the
subject, and those resolutions have been sent
here and formally referred to the Committee
on Commerce of this body. I observe, how-
ever, some names in this bill concerning which
the Legislature of California has taken action.
That Legislature has passed resolutions in ref-
erence to Eel river, resolutions in reference to
the harbor of San Pedro, resolutions in refer-
ence to the Sacramento river, and the point on
that river known as the Hog's Back, and also
in reference to the harbor of San Diego.
Now, sir, what, is the proposition we hare
from this committee? Simply to strike out the
section that authorizes the Secretary of War to
make investigations to determine what is neces-
sary to be done at all these points, and only this
is asked in connection with a fourth, a fifth, or
perhaps a tenth of as large an appropriation as
is made in connection with these insignificant
little harbors around Lake Michigan.
For these reasons I assert that this bill is
altogether one-sided, is altogether local, and
there is no spirit of equality or generosity mani-
fested in it. The Senator from Michigan, the
honorable chairman of the committee, is able
to bring forward recommendations for large
appropriations for the numerous little harbors
about his lakes, about the peninsular on which
he resides, but be forgets and overlooks abso-
lutely other portions of the Union equal in
importance to the State of Michigan. *1 hope
this section will be leftin the bill, and that the
appropriation of $25,000 to make these inves-
tigations may be restored to the bill. It ought
to be done, and there is no reason that the
chairman of the committee and other Senators
can urge why these investigations should not
take place. They constantly object to anything
being done until the information is before the
Senate, and when some step is taken to obtain
the information even that is proposed to be
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California moves to amend the sec-
tion by inserting "and San Diego harbor."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I offer an amendment.
In line twenty-one of section four, after '1 Cum-
berland river," I move to insert "and the
Willamette river, above Portland, Oregon," 1
The amendment was agreed to. |
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to inquire !
of the Chair it there is an order for an evening j
session ? j
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is j
not. j
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I shall hold on |
for the passage of this bill. I
Mr. WARNER. I ruoveto amend the fourth :
section by inserting after the word " Maine,"
in line twenty, the words "at Mobile bay and
harbor. Mobile, Alabama." -
The amendment- was agreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT. After the word "river,"
in line twenty-two, I move to insert " and the
Cape Fear river, from its mouth to the city of
Witmington,-North Carolina, tvith a view of
deepening the channel."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE. I move to amend the section
so as to make it read :
That the Secretary of "War is hereby directed to
cause examinations or surveys, or-botb, to be maao
at the following points, namely: at the Washita
river, in Arkansas; at the White river.in Arkansas,
from its mouth to Batesville, and the Black river,
from its raouth to Poplar Bluff. And the Secretary
of War shall make full reportthereof to Congress,
with plans and estimates of cost, and with such rec-
ommendations in regard thereto as the interests of
navigation require.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that will not
prevail.
Mr. FERRY. I desire to amend the part
proposed to be stricken out by the motion of
the Senator from Arkansas. I move to amend
by inserting in the fourth line, after the word
" Connecticut," the words "at the harbor qf
Norwalk, Connecticut."
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to inquire
what is the necessity of an act of Congress to
authorize the Secretary of War to have a sur-
vey anywhere?
Mr. CHANDLER. It always has to be
done.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it the custom ?
Mr. CHANDLER, It is the usual custom.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it could be done
without.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHtJYSEN. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in after the word
" bar," in the twenty-seventh line of the fourth
section, "and also of South river, near Wash-
ington, in Middlesex county, New Jersey, in
reference to the sand bars there located, and
also of theRaritan river below New Brunswick,
in reference to the location of proper buoys."
Mr. HOWE. I wanted to ask the Senator
from Connecticut a question which I will ask
the Senator from New Jersey, and that is, what
necessity there can be for these surveys on the
coast? Is not all the information you want in
reference to these points furnished by the Coast
Survey?
Mr. FERRY. I will state that a petition
was- sent last session to Congress for the im-
provement of the harbor of Norwalk, in my
State, with which I am very familiar, and a
work which I believe to be necessary, con-
taining all the detailed information of the ton-
nage, amount of customs dues received there,
&c., and with references to the Coast Survey.
We were answered by the Committee on Com-
merce of the House, " We cannot do anything
until you have had a survey." 1 promised then
that I would make a motion to put it into this
bill whenever I got the opportunity.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That is just my
case.
Mr. RICE. There being an anxiety ex-
pressed to have these surveys provided for, I
will withdraw the amendment I offered and
stand by the whole section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New Jersey.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER. I move to insert, after the
amendment inserted by the Senator from Ala-
bama, the words "and Galveston harbor,
Texas."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to amend by
inserting in the third line, after the word
"namely," the words 41 at tho harbor of
Charleston, South Carolina."
I he amendment was agreed to.
Mr. OSBORN. In the twenty-second line,
after the word "river," I moveto insert "Appa-
