1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
Britain and one at P.iris to take ehargeofour
affairs in France, Spain, Belgium and Holland,
and another in Russia to-take charge of our
diplomatic relations with Russia, Prussia, Aus-
tria, and Italy. For, sir, the facilities of com-
munication by rail in Europe, and the facilities
of concentrating telegraphic messages relating
to our foreign intercourse, are greater by tenfold
than upon the continent of South America,
besides in European States we have established
a consular system abundantly able to meet all
of our wants, and except so far as our material
interests are concerned, we have no connection
with the monarchies of Europe or any other
part of the world. But we have, or should
have, an intimate social connection with the
republics of South America, based upon the
recognition of the principle of our public inter-
national and continental policy known as the
Monroe doctrine. There seems to be a mani-
fest objection, therefore, that a Representative
from Massachusetts should bring in a system
antagonistical to the principle of which Adams
has claimed to be the father, and should be
blotting out?, under the specious or not specious
plea of economy, our relations with these re-
publics in South America, while we are keep-
ing up our foreign system at a great expense
with the Powers of Europe.
Sir, the facility with which diplomatic rela-
tions under the present system of intercourse
among nations can be maintained, has been
most admirably illustrated in the late mission
from China to this Government, and that of
Great Britain and France. If the diplomatic
relations of the world are to undergo such
a revolution as is illustrated by Mr. Burlin-
game's mission; if a foreign minister of the
United States can be converted into a diplo-
matic traveling agent for two continents, and
can be received without umbrage and without
difficulty here and in Europe, I hail this effort
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butlerj as one in the right •direction, pro-
vided he will apply it where the economy can
be greatest. I must therefore ask of that gen-
tleman, basing his amendment to some extent
as he does upon a principle, why he has not
carried out this reform in the direction I have
hinted at in the amendment which I suggest to
him ?
Mr. KELSEY. I move as an amendment to
the amendment to strike out the last word.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of
order. It seems to me this amendment is not
germane to the bill as an appropriation bill,
inasmuch as it proposes independent legisla-
tion.
The CHAIRiMAN. The Chair decides that
the point is made too late. But the Chair is of
opinion that the amendment is germane.
Mr. KELSEY. I yield the floor to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLEH,ofMassaehusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, I desire to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the exact reason why I have not
ventured to ask to consolidate the various mis-
sions in Europe. It is this: we are now making
an appropriation for the year commencing the
1st of July next, and ending the 30th of June,
1870. Within that lime I look for very great
changes in the face of Europe, wherein we may,
and probably shall, need diplomatic represent-
ation. 1 have therefore left untouched by my
amendment the various diplomaciesin Europe,
wishing that we may be represented there in
every country where the great changes take
place, which I have no doubt will occur, and
they may do so at any hour.
But, sir, I do not understand that the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Chanler] is quite
in earnest. If he is in favor of great economy
he certainly will be in favor of small. But one
of the most invidious ways of attacking any
measure is to ask the question, Why do you not
do more? Let us do this. Iwill vote then to
consolidate some of the missions in Europe.
And 1 will here say that 1 voted against the
mission at Rome, and the reason was I thought
there might be two or three of these missions
substantially useless, -which might easily be
consolidated or got rid of. But I ask any man
to state, which my friend has failed to do, what
use we have for these missions in South Amer-
ica? Why cannot the minister at New Gra-
nada do all that is required for Venezuela and
Ecuador, where there has not been a diplo-
matic question raised for the last twelve years?
The last minister at Ecuador wrote to the
Department that it was very difficult to state
the reason why he was there at all. Why can-
not the minister in Uruguay do all the business
for the Argentine confederacy? Why cannot
Peru and Chilli, which are now allies against
Spain, with a little bit of Bolivia intervening
between the two countries, be represented by
one minister, their interests -being the same?
And why shall we not begin now to save this
amount? 1 pledge myself to go as far as the
furthest with other gentlemen in abolishing
what I believe are useless ministers. In all
these countries, at every sea-port and every
important place we have consuls, consular
agents or commercial agents who will see to it
that the interests of this country are protected.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, I was
not in when this amendment was first offered,
being called out of the Chamber for a moment,
or 1 should certainly have raised a point of
order upon the amendment, on the ground
that it changes the existing law. The act of
1850 regulates the whole business of our diplo-
matic intercourse, and this is a change in the
fundamental law regulating our diplomatic
affairs. The ruling of the Chair in Committee
of the Whole has been different at different .
times as to the time when the point of order
may be made. Sometimes the ruling has been
that it should be made at the first introduction
of the amendment. Other Chairmen have sus-
tained it at any time before iinal action. The
object of the rule of the House is, that appro-
priation bills shall be discussed as such, and
not in connection with the general legislation
of the country. But as the Chair has decided
that the amendment is before the committee,
1 trust it will not be adopted.
The CHAIRMAN, l'lie Chair will state
that no Chairman has ever ruled that the point
of order can be raised after debate upon the
amendment, and the gentleman will remember
that in this ease two or three speeches were
made for and against the amendment before
the point of order was raised.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is a difference of
recollection between the Chair and myself.
Of course, the Chairman states his and I state
mine, and it is not necessary to press the point
any further. The more recent rulings are, i
concede, as the Chairman states. The earlier
rulings, according to my recollection, were
different. 1 have always admired the policy
of the English Government in her sagacity
in extending her influence over the civilized
world. There is no place where there is a
pound sterling to be gathered up that she has
not some one there to represent her interests.
That policy is a wise one, and it has helped to
makeEngland the great nation thatshe is. Our
policy should be, at least on this continent, to
make our influence felt in every part of it, not
merely for political reasons, but also for com-
mercial and business reasons. It is important,
as I conceive, that for this purpose we should
cultivate intimate and kindly relations with
these republics of the Latin race, and do every-
thing to prevent that jealousy which difference
of origin, difference of religion, difference of
climate, is only too apt to produce.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. A single
question. Does the gentleman understand me
as proposing that we shall not accredit minis-
ters to any of these Governments? I only
propose to accredit a minister to ail of them.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand the gentle-
man's proposition. It is to bunch up several
governments and treat them as a whole; as a dis-
tinguished citizen of his own State once, when
a hoy, asked his father to say grace over the
whole barrel of meat in stead of saying it at every |i
meal. ■ T: trust that this policy suggested by
the gentleman from Massachusetts wfll hot be
adopted, and that we will hold even more inti-
mate diplomatic relations with these American
republics than we have done hitherto, and cer- "
tainly that we shall not do anything k> wealsen
our influence with them. Generally we
been, as I conceive, little careful of the char-
acter of the representatives that wg have sent
and in the style of our intercourse with the
other republics on this continent. I would
cultivate with them the kindliest, the friendli-
est, the most intimate relations, as I have said,
as well for political reasons as for business and
commercial reasons. If there are any invest-
ments that we can make as a nation that will
pay for t.he making it seems to- me that this is
one of them.
Mr. KBLSBY. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. CHANLER. I move to strike out the
last paragraph of the amendment.- I do so for
the purpose of replying to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Btma.j I have been
asked tor reasons. Well, there are very many
reasons why I think this measure should not
bo brought before the House at this time. I
do not feel called upon to descend into any
personal explanation as to why the gentleman
from Massachusetts should be destroying the
minister t,o Chili from this Government. It is
very evident that our minister to Chili tried to
destroy him. but the fact of his stumping the
district in Massachusetts which the gentleman
has the h-onor to represent cannot possibly
underlie his motives. Such an idea is not to
be insinuated or entertained. I do not, gay that
he has brought in here so long and so wel'l pre-
pared an amendment to this bill for the sole
purpose of "feeding fat his ancient grudge."
It was in the search for some nobler motive,
one more'worthy of a Representative amend-
ing a bill before" this Hbuse, that' I asked for
an explanation why, on the plea of economy,
a member of the Committee on Appropriations
should seek to do away with a whole set of
missions to republics and leave untouched the
costly missions to the monarchies of Europe.
Why, sir, these missions in South America are
and have been, and most likely will be, filled
by brigadiers as bold as he.
You must see, Mr. Chairman, that there is
a " eoigne of vantage," an unfair advantage,
which the brigadier who is elected to Congress
has over the brigadier who tries to defeat him
for Congress, or over that brigadier who, Wav-
ing fought, and bled and, perhaps, lost one or
more of his limbs, receives no pension and no
recognition from this ungrateful Republic other
than a foreign mission, and who, after being
stripped of his salary as an officer of the Army,
after being reduced to the ranks of civil life, is
sent abroad to some place on the Atlantic or
Pacific coast of South America, there to heal
his wounds and preserve his honor. And shall
we, under the plea of economy, strip from one
of the few brigadiers left the privilege of'sport-
ing his uniform in the presence of foreigners?
I believe a proposition has been brought for-
ward for the express purpose of enabling Gen-
eral Grant to decorate the heroes of this conn-
try in some way equal to the elaborate decora-
tions -which the Governments of the Old
World bestow upon their heroes.
Now, I warn gentlemen that if this amend-
ment shall prevail it will deprive the families
of very many brigadiers of their only means of
support. This seems to me to be an act of in-
gratitude, somewhat an act ofpersonal revenge,
probably an act of economy, but at the best a
very doubtful one. !rou will still have these
brigadiers upon your hands ; the party organ-
ization must take care of them ; and if a brig-
adier leaves his position on the coast of South
America, receiving his traveling expenses from
the committee in charge of the canvass in behalf
of General Grant—if he is not to be provided
for, where is the gratitude of this Republic?
I appeal to the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] to withdraw his amendment.
What I have suggested has been brought for-
