1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBS.
Mr. CAMERON. I know it is not debat-
able ; but 1 am going to appeal again to the
Senator from Nebraska.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. I think I have a right to
appeal to the Senator from Nebraska to with-
draw his motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I call the Senator to
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nebraska has had time to hear the ap-
peal. The question is on the motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 13,1869.
The House met at twelve o'eloekm. Prayer
by Rev. J. J. Porter, D. D., of Watertowu,
New York.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
order or business.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to move
that the business of the morning hour be set
aside, that I ma/ report from the Committee
on Reconstruction for action by the House a
bill for the relief of the disabilities of certain
persons in the southern States.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] to dispense
with the business of the morning hour, is privi-
leged undertheonehundred andtwenty-eighth
rule, which will be read by the Clerk. _
The Clerk read as follows :
" Friday and Saturday in every week shall be set
apart for the consideration of private bills and pri-
vate business, in preference to any other, unless
otherwise determined by a majority of the House."
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
condition of the business for this day. This
being Saturday, private bills or reports of a
private nature are in order during the morn-
ing hour, after which, by the unanimous order
of the House, the remainder of the day has
been awarded to the Committee on Banking
and Currency for the consideration of their re-
ports. The gentleman from Wisconsin now
moves.to set aside the business ofthe morning
hour to-day for the purpose of enabling him to
make a report from the Committee on Recon-
struction. If the motion should be agreed to
the bill which the gentleman proposes to report
will remain before the House until it shall be
in some way disposed of by the action of the
House.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I object to it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin has moved that the business of the
morning hour be set aside, and the question is
to be determined by a vote of the House.
Mr. PAINE. I will make one additional
remark for the information of the House. The
bill upon which I propose to ask action is the
one heretofore reported, ordered to be printed,
and recommitted. I am directed by the com-
mittee to report the bill back with a substitute.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask permission to state
that the Committee on Banking and Currency
has not been called since May last. Among
the matters which the committee are waiting
an opportunity to report are some which in-
volve the rights of the constituents of every
Representative on this floor, and upon which
it is important to have action. If they be not
acted on torday there will probably be no
opportunity for action upon them at this ses-
sion.
Mr. INGERSOLLi I wish it understood that
I object to any arrangement that postpones the
business of the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency.
The SPEAKER*. Rule one hundred and
twenty-eight provides that a majority of the
House may set aside the private business which
is the business of the morning hour to-day for,
the purpose of entertaining other business. If
the majority should so determine, the .gentle^
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Paise] will.be en-
titled to the floor to make the report to which
he has referred.
Mr. RANDALL. ..Wouldthe reporting of
this bill by the gentleman from Wisconsin ex-
clude the business of the Committee on Bank-
ing' and Currency at the end of the morning1
hour?
The SPEAKER. It would not, unless this
bill should occupy the whole day.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask how many days there
are on which committees may report in the
morning hour?
The SPEAKER. Very few; the Chair.can:
not now state the number exactly.
Mr. KELLEY. If the morning hour should
be suspended to-day, and this bill taken up
and not concluded, would it not exclude the
morning hour of other days?
The SPEAKER. It would remain the un-
finished business until disposed of.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Paine, it was disagreed to.
nort and company.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
commenced. This being Saturday, the con-
sideration of reports ofcommittees of a private
nature is in order, and the House resumes the
unfinished business pending at, the expiration
of the morning hour yesterday, being the bill
(IT. R. No. 1908) for the relief of Nott & Co.
The Clerk was rending the report when the
morning hour expired. The reading of it will
now be resumed.
The Clerk resumed and concluded the read-
ing of the report.
Mr. BLAIR. I will simply say to the House
that a bill of the same character as this has
once been passed by the House of Represent-
atives. During the Thirty-Ninth Congress the
matter was brought to the attention of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and a similar
bill was reported and passed ; but it was lost
in the Serate, as I suppose there is some dan-
ger that this may be, for want of time for its
consideration.
Mr. CHANLER. What is the amount of
this claim ? I do not observe it in the bill or
report.
Mr. BLAIR. The bill itself states the
amount, it is about thirty thousand dollars.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I would be
glad if the gentleman would inform the House
whether it has ever been the practice of this
Government to pa>y claims of this description,
and whether any bill of this sort has ever
before been passed by Congress? If this Gov-
ernment shall undertake to pay its citizens all
claims of this sort, it seems to me it will be
taking upon itself a load that may become very
onerous. I understand very well that it has
been the practice of the Government to nego-
tiate with foreign Governments about the pay-
ment of claims like this, but I do not under-
stand it has ever paid such a claim until it has
first received the funds with which to do it
from the foreign Government.
Mr. BLAIR. The gentleman misunder-
stands the bill altogether. The money is in
the hands of the State Department, and has
been there for years, having been put there by
the Chinese Government for the payment of
this very claim to the heirs of the parties.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. How is
it this claim has been lying over so long ?
Mr. BLAIR. The claim has been lying over
precisely as it is during this entire Congress.
As I said, a similar bill was passed through
the House in the Thirty-Ninth Congress, but
was lost in the Senate for want of time. We
have been seeking the floor all the time for
a year to get this before the House. I have
been unable to do so till now. The matter
has been prosecuted, steadily by the claimants
all the time ever since the claim arose ; and I
am sure the fact that they have not been able
to make any progress is not their fault, but
the fault, if any, on the part of Congress. It,
is the result of the circumstances, under which
the claim has been placed.
Mr. UPSON. I would inquire whether the
payment of this claim will increase or decrease
the liability on the part of the Chinese Gov-
ernment ? .
Mr. BLAIR. Not in the least, I now move ,
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed'
for a third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR .moved "to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid ou the
table. .
'The latter motion was agreed to.
leonard pierce. ! ' ■ '
Mr. BLAIR, from the Committee on For1.
eign Affairs, reported a joint resolution (If. R. ;
No. 452) for the relief of Leonard Pierce, late
United States consul at Matamoras, Mexico;
which was read a first and second time. .
The joint resolution directs that there be paid.
to Leonard Pierce, jr., pf Houlton, Maine, out,
of any money appropriated for the use of tli§
State Department, the sum of $11,843 89la
gold, in full for expenditures made by him out
of his private funds while United States con-
sul at Matamoras, Mexico, during the period
from the 12th of March, 1862, to the 30th of
November, 1864, in aiding Union soldiers and
refugees fleeing from Texas.
The report was read.
Mr. SPALDING. I would like to ask the
gentleman who has charge of this joint rpso-,
iution if he has any proof of these expendi-'
tures, and whether this gentleman was anything
else than the almoner of the bounty of the
Government?
Mr. BLAIR. I will say in reply to the gen-
tleman that the proof of the expenditure of
this amount is abundant. Vouchers were fur-
nished to the committee, as they had been to
the various Departments of the Government, a
long time before. Those vouchers were twice,'
at least, examined ; once in the War Depart-
ment by the claims commissioner, and once by
the Third Auditor of the Treasury Department,
and pronounced sufficient and the amount
allowed. The vouchers were receipts from the.
persons to whom the money was paid for the,
individuals for whose benefit it was paid, apd
such as the circumstances permitted. . There
was, in addition to that, the testimony of many
persons who were acquainted with the circum-
stances as to the actual expenditure of these
moneys. It was proved to the committee to
their entire satisfaction that not only was this
amount expended, but a much larger amount,
for which the consul had no vouchers at all.
Now, as to the question whether he was merely
the almoner of the Government, I say that he
had no Government funds in his hands what-
ever—not a dollar. He was compelled, in a
certain sense, to be the almoner ofthe Govern-
ment, but he had to advance the money for
that purpose out of his own pocket. He would,
have subjected himself to the censure and the
severe censure of the Government if, under
the circumstances, he had declined to aid these
persons. The gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Bakks,] who was in command of the
department of the Gulf, I think knows the fact
which is stated in the report of the committee,
that this gentleman was encouraged to do this
for the purpose of sending these refugees to
New Orleans for muster into the service of the
United States, and that some four hundred of
them were mustered into that service in conse-
quence, of what he did as consul at Matamoras.
And now I am sure that the Government of
the United States will not ask that this man,,
who oniy-did what every man here would have
wished him to do, shall suffer loss. I am told
that he is in adverse circumstances, and needs
very much for himself and for his family the
money that was expended in this just cause.
I am told that he is totally unable even to
support himself for the want of.the mooey
which he expended in this way.
Mr. SPALDING. I have no d?ubt at  U
