1176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
that there were very many of these refugees
from Texas at Matamoras. I have no doubt
that very many of them required temporary
aid : but I know also the fact that very many
of them were men of wealth at home in Texas,
and after the war closed they resumed posses-
sion of their estates. Now these individuals
who received money at the hands of this con-
sul—some of them it least—had ability after
the war was over to refund that money, arid
we know nbtkirig about those liabilities. The
Government cgiriaot collect them ; the consul
can collect them; But now he asks us to take
money out of the Treasury to repay him the
whole amount of money he expended in this
relief. I say the practice is a very lax one.
We should be careful how we establish, such a
precedent for those .who are to come after us.
I hope there will be no more rebellions, but I
do not like this loose practice of taking money
from the national Treasury.
Then, again, I object to the particular fea-
tures of this bill. It is a dodge around the
Committee an Appropriations. They do not
ask this Congress to appropriate money directly
for this purpose, but they say that there shall
be paid from the money that maybe appro-
priated for the use of the State Department
more than $11,000 in gold to this man. I say
the matter ought to go to the. Committee on
Appropriations, that they may ascertain the
correctness of these accounts, arid inquire into
the expediency o.f making this appropriation.
Mr. BLAIR. I now yield to the chairman
of the Committee on' Foreign Affairs, [Mr.
Banks.]
Mr. BANKS. I have some personal knowl-
edge of this case, and in stating what I know
about it I will occupy the attention of the
House but a few moments. In regard to the
suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Spalding] that this claim should go before the
Committee on Appropriations, 1 have to say
that this appropriation is not authorized by
law, and therefore itcannot properly go before
that committee. What we wantis the authority
of law that this case may be examined and paid.
Then the money having been appropriated for
the incidental expenses of the State Depart-
ment, it may be paid from that fund. Now,
sir, I have personal knowledge that these
expenses were incurred at Matamoras T)y the
applicant, Mr. Pierce. I know that they were
absolutely necessary for the purpose of aiding
men, women, and children who were fleeing
from Tex&s without clothing, shelter, or food,
without -any of the means of sustaining life.
They fled from their enemies and from our ene-
mies into Mexico, and there was no one there to
whom they could apply for relief except the
representative of the American Government.
While I was on the Rio Grande I myself con-
tributed, as far as I was able, to enable Mr.
Pierce to meet these expenses. I thought it
was so far necessary and just that I had the
right to do it. But I was not always able to
do it. But for the expenses which were in-
curred before and after the time of which I
speak, in aiding these refugees, these Union
men, and also in contributing to the military
strength of the Army of the United States as
he did indirectly—for those expenses he has
no resource except to appeal to the justice of
the Government which he represented. I am
sure that every man who was acquainted with
the circumstances of the time will agree with
me that the expenses incurred by Mr. Pierce
were absolutely necessary; that he could not
1voided them with honor to himself and
the Government he represented even if he had
desired to do so. I thittk he has one of the
best claims on the' justiee of the Government
that can be presented-to this House, and I hope
\vlU aPP?°ved by the House.
■c Ai- rl, wow yield to the gentleman
from Ohio [M^-Lijrafejjcjsj for five minutes.
Mr.. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I do not see
anything in the'character of this bill to distin-
guish it from other claims on the Government
which have been referred"to the Committee of
Claims. The question is simply this: will
the Government refund the sums which have
been expended by individuals in charities for
the refugees and needy during the war? If
we are to undertake to refund these charities
I know of no reason why it should not be made
general, and to do that would require the
expenditure of many millions of money. This
is, therefore, simply opening the door to the
establishment of a principle which will call
upon us for the expenditure of many millions
of money. I hope that the House will pause
before they pass a measure involving a prin-
ciple of this kind. I understand that a claim
very similar to this has been rejected by the
Committee of Claims of this House this ses-
sion It was a claim for assistance rendered to
many of our soldiers during the war who were
inprisoned in Charleston. The Senate allowed
the claim; but when it was referred to the
Committee of Claims of this House that com-
mittee reported against it, believing that it
would establish a precedent which would in-
volve the expenditure of a large amount of
money. Here is a claim which, in my judg-
ment, is much less meritorious. It is impos-
sible that we should refund all the charities
which have been expended for refugees during
the war. And I cannot see any reason why
this claim should not go to the Committee of
Claims, or what gives this claim any right to
be considered over thousands of other claims
that might be presented.
Mr. BLAIR. I now yield five minutes to the
gentlemanfrom Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER, Of Massachusetts. In the
summer of 1862, in June, I first heard of Mr.
Pierce, the consul'of the United States at Mat-
amoras, when he sent to me and asked what
he should do with the thousands of refugees
who were coining into Matamoras from Texas,
fleeing for their lives. T replied to him that I
thought it was his bounden duty to send them
forward, and that I had no doubt the Govern-
ment would see him repaid the expenses he
might incur in so doing. I gave orders in
every case where it was possible that he should
be aided. I personally know that he sent for-
ward more than three hundred men, who
formed the nucleus of a regiment of cavalry,
known as the Texas Union cavalry, which
afterward served with my colleague [Mr.
Banks] in the army of the Gulf. Those men
who thus got out of the territory of the rebel-
lion and into the Union Army would, if re-
cruited in any other form, have cost the Gov-
ernment at least $500, if not $1,000, a man. I
remember that in one ship—for I happened to
be at the levee when the vessel landed—he
sent forward sixty persons, men, women, and
children, in such a state of destitution as would
have moved the heart of any man here.
Now, I distinguish this case in principle
from that spoken of by my friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Lawrence.] Here was a public officer;
the only official representative of his country
at that point, the only person to whom his
countrymen could fly for relief, the only person
who could aid them ; and he would have been
a brute and a savage if he had turned them
back. He did a patriotic duty, and one highly
serviceable to the Government.
I want to call attention to the fact that this
case has been examined by the War Depart-
ment and passed upon favorably as presenting
a just and well-sustained claim against the
Government. It has been referred to the
Treasury Department, and after examination
there it has again been decided upon as involv-
ing a just and true claim. But the trouble is,
that under existing laws no officer of the War
or the Treasury Department has authority to
pay this claim. If these men had been desti-
tute American seamen the consul would have
been required to forward them, and he would
have been entitled to reimbursement under
the law. But here is an exceptional case,
growing out of the ravages of war. Suppose
the case of a war like that in 'Greece or in
South America, and the American fajnilies
coins to the consul for protection, precisely as
hundreds of .American families came to the
embassy of Mr. Hale daring the revolution in
Spain; or take the case of an earthquake,
like that occurring recently in Peru, where
hundreds of persons were stripped of every-
thing in a single hour.- The consul was the
person to whom Under these circumstances
destitute Americans properly applied for as-
sistance, and he rightly gave of his means to
send them back to this country. Are you
going to say that an American consul thus act-
ing for the relief and protection of American
citizens has no just claim upon the Govern-
ment for protection?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Is "there any
evidence that these persons to whom relief was
furnished by the consul at Matamoras are not
now able to refund to him the money he ad-
vanced?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
tell what the evidence is. But I can tell what
I saw with my own eyes. Men were stripped
of all thair property, barely escaping with their
lives; they had lied from m urder, and they came
to this consul for protection and relief. He
took care of them and sent them to a city in
the possession- of loyal troops. If he had not
done so he would, I hold, have been derelict
to his duty. These men had been stripped of
every dollar of their property ; it had all been
confiscated.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Those rebel
confiscations were all void.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I agree
that they were void, but they were very effectual.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Are not those
persons now liable to the consul in an action
for the recovery of the mouey he advanced to
them?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is the
gentleman able to gather up the rain-drops
scattered by the shower?
Mr. BANKS. I will answer the question of
the gentleman from Ohio. The American con-
sul at Matamoras has no legal claim whatever
upon these people for reimbursement of the
money he advanced to them. Having in what
he did acted as consul he cannot sue them in
his own right. He acted for the Government,
and has no claim upon them whatever. He
gave them relief as friends of the Government,
when they required it. He could not sue them
even if they had property; but it is probable
they have not. More than that, thousands of
them have died.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Let me ask the
gentleman a legal question? This consul as
such was not authorized to make any advances
to them, and therefore he has no official claim.
His claim, then, is an individual claim.
Mr. BANKS. It was his official duty to ren-
der this assistance, but we admit that itwas not
provided for by law. We want to provide for
that now and to make compensation to him for
the expenses he incurred in the performance
of his official duty.
Mr. LA WREN CE, of Ohio. Whatlawmade
it his official duty?
Mr. PILE. I ask the gentleman from Mich-
igan to yield to me.
Mr. BLAIR. I believe that I must decline
to yield further. I think the House under-
stands the question. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the ooera-
tion thereof the joint resolution wag ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time ; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time.
Mr. BLAIR. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the pissage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BLAIR. I now rise, under the rules, to
close the debate, and will yield for three min-
utes to the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, I do not know
how carefully the vouchers and other evidence
