■224
THE CONGRESSIONAL; GLOBE.
January 7,
plish his purpose in apropermaimer under the
rules."
Mr, SCHENCK. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr., Washbotoe] has appealed to me to
withdraw'my objection to this fourth section.
I would do so except that the third section has
already been ruled out, and I thiuk there are
other sections qf this bill that are not properly
before this committee under,the rules of the
House. Now, 1 am astonished that the gentle-
man from Illinois, who is th? chairman of the
Committee on Rules, should be so strenuous
to have ns abandon'all our .rules upon this sub-
ject, because, although we may make some
wholesome improvements here, it may result
in much trouble to us hereafter.
The CHAIRMAN. The Choir is of opinion
that all this debate is out of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am of that opinion
myself; but as I was permitted to go on I
thought) I would make some remarks.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would rule
that section four of this bill is in order, be-
cause it is a mere regulation in reference to
the expenses of the Government for which
this appropriation is made.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I shall make no
objection to anything in this bill. ■ .
Mr. WOOD. As the Chair has overruled
the objection of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. ScHBfrcK,] I desire to say that the provis-
ion of this section, which gives the Secretary
of the Treasury power to appoint agents to go
all over the world to inquire into these ac-
counts, is giving him a power which we should
not delegate to him.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overlooked
the fact that this section authorizes the crea-
tion of new offices. The Chair is of opinion
that that is not in order, and therefore' rules
this seclion out of order.
The next section was read, as follows:
SEC. 5. A'rtd be it further enacted, That any consu-
lar OllU'er of the United States who shall neglect to
render true and just quarterly accounts and returns
ot the business of his oflice and of the moneys re-
ceived by him for the use of tho United States, or
who shall neglect to pay over any balance of such
moneys which may be due to tho United States at
the expiration of any quarter, before tho expiration
of the next succeeding quarter, shall be deemed
guilty ot embezzlement of the public moneys, and
shall, <m conviction thereof, before any court of the
United States haying jurisdiction of like ott'ensos, be
punished by imprisonment not exceeding one year
and by a fine not exceeding two thousand dollars,
and shall bo forover disqualified from holding any
oltico ot trust or lu'ofit in the United States.
Mr. BROOKS. I raise the point of order
that this section embraces independent legis-
lation, and therefore is not germane to this
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That no consul
general or consul sow holding, or who shall here-
after hold either of said ollices, shall be permitted to
liold tuo oiltci? of consul genornl or consul <\t rtnv
other consulate, or pxoroiso the duties thereof; smd
heron Her there shall .only be allowed to any vice
consulato or consular agency fbi expenses thereof an
amount sufficient to pay for stationery and postage
ou official letters.
No amendment was offered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I offerthe
following additional section, which has had
the informal assent of the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and if adopted will save at least
a, thousand dollars. It is recommended by the
[Secretary of State. It is as follows :
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That the entire
expenses ot Prison and prison teeners at the consu-
late of Bankok, Siam, shall hereaftornot exceed the
sum of $1,'00; and the salary ot the interpreter shall
1101 euteo(n sumot SoOO; and no salary shallhere-
atter be allowed the marshal at that consulate: and
beeaS'l000y °° at Ba"nkok sha11 hereafter
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. VtASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the committee rise, and report the bill
with the amendments to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the .Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Allison re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, having, had under consid-
eration the bill (H. R. No. 1570) makirtg ap-
propriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing 30th June, 1870, and for other purposes,
had directed him to report the same back with
sundry amendments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As there
are some matters which the committee want
to look over I move that the farther consider-
ation of this bill be postponed till next Mon-
day, immediately after the morning hour.
Mr. BROOKS. Why does the gentleman
propose that the bill be postponed?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. For the
reason that the committee want to make some
further examinations, and perhaps offer some
further amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
SUPPRESSION OJ? THE SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. KELSEY. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution:
Whereas the slave trade has been practically
suppressed; and whereas by our treaty with Great
Britain for the suppression of the slave trade large
appropriations are annually required to carry out
the provisions thereof: Therefore,
Mesoived, That tho Committee on Foreign Affairs
are hereby instructed to inquire into the expediency
of taking proper steps to secure the abrogation or
modification of the treaty with Great Britain for the
suppression of tho slave trade.
Mr. ARNELL. I object.
E. B. BUWELL AND SARAH IIACKLEMAN.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to;
Whereas private act No. 202, granting an increased
pension to iiunlyli. Bidwcll and to Sarah Hackle-
man, approved July27, 186S, is so flamed that in the
judgment ot the Commissioner of Pensions it cannot
be executed: Therefore,
Uemjlved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be instructed to inquire into tho justice and expe-
diency of reporting a bill which shall grant the relief
contemplated by the said act.
government sales of GOI-d.
Mr. MORliELL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the followingresolution ; whichwasread,
considered, and agreed to :
Revolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
and he is hereby, requested to furnish to this House
a statement showing the aggregate amount of gold
com sold by the (government sinee January 1,1803
in each year, with the date and amount of each sale
the rate and amount of premium realized, the com-
missions and expenses attending the same, and to
whom paid, and statin* particularly to what account
such expenses and commissions were charged, and
to what account tho premiums were credited.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the House
adjourn.
'1 he motion was agreed to ; and the House
fat. lour o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
petition's, 10tc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
com mittees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Wallace
ilson, ofLexingtoii, Mississippi, praying that
he may be relieved from political disabilities
incurred by participation in the rebellion.
By Mr. BURR; The petition of Samuel
Birch, of Illinois, for losses sustained by him
during the war.
By Mr. HOTCHKISS: The remonstrance
of Hon. James E. English and others, of Con-
necticut, against further increase of duty on
imported, steel.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia: The
petition of Charles J. Faulkner and others,
attorneys-at-law, practicing in the circuit court
of the United States for the district of West
Virginia, asking the removal of said court from
the city of Parkersburg to the city of Wheeling.
By Mr. INGERSOLL: The petition of
Thaddeus Wetmore, of St. Louis, for an in-
crease of pension.
By Mr. KELLEY: A petition of 78 citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying Congress to propose
an amendment to the Constitution guaranty-
ingall the privileges and immunities of citizens
of the United States, without regard to race,
color, or parentage.
By Mr. MORliELL: The memorial of F. A.
Gibbons, esq., with documents and evidence
relating to the new agricultural building.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The memorial of Simon
Levine, of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, guar-
dian of Anna F. Hait, only minor child of
Byron Hart, M. D., deceased, late acting as-
sistant surgeon United States Army, praying
for a pension.
By Mr. POLAND : The petition of Sophia
Clark, praying for a special act granting her a
pension on account of the death of her sou,
William H. H. Clark, a private in company Gr,
fourth Vermont volunteers, who died of disease
contracted in the Army in June, 1862.
By Mr. STEWART: The petition of Gus-
tavus C. Stuhr, for relief for loss of four ,$1,000
United States bonds.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of
Robert S. Brock and 146 others, praying that
a post road be established from Lancaster,
Ohio, via Dumontsville, Basil, and Baltimore,
in Fairfield counts, and Kirkersville, in Licking
county, to Outville, in Licking county; and
that mail route No. 9227, from Lancaster, via
Dumontsville, Basil, Baltimore, and Milles-
port, in Fairfield county, to Hebron, in Licking
county, be discontinued.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of Isabella
Smith, widow of James Smith, company D,
one hundred and sixty-second New York
volunteers, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Mary Parker, mother of
Amon Parker, private company B, one hun-
dred and second New York volunteers, for a
pension.
Also, the petition of Jacob Huggins, com-
pany A, ninth Pennsylvania cavalry, for a pen-
sion.
Also, the petition of Rudolph Shurrager, com-
pany E, one hundred and fifty-ninth New York
volunteers, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Captain Thomas P.
Graves, company I, fifty-ninth Indiana volun-
teers, for a pension.
Also, the petition of John P. D. Commcr-
dinger, private, company K, forty-eighth New
York volunteers, for a pension.
Also, the petition pf Mary Weiehsel, the
mother of Nicholas Weiehsel, company K, one
hundredth New York volunteers, for a pen-
sion.
Also, the petition of Sarah Fryer, mother of
John H. Fryer, a private company A, fifty-
third Pennsylvania volunteers, for a pension.
Also, the petition of'Michael Cook, a private
company D, sixteenth United States infantry,
for a pension.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 7, 18C9.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of State,
transmitting, in compliance with'a lesolution
ot the Senate of the 3d ot March, 1868, copies
of the reports of the United States commis-
sioners to the Paris Exposition of 1807; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
lie also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating,
m compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of the 14th ultimo, information in relation to
the late battle on the Washita river; which
™ referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, communicating, in answer to the res-
olution of the Senate of the 5th instant, the last
annual report of the Union Pacific Railroad
Company, and ot the companies engaged in
constructing branches or continuations of that
ru1 n' *hlch ^as referred to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
