' > i '
-
' fL - - -1 -
t f,
"C sis'.fi , *■ " _
4-6.=,
TO :®|; 'C^N6:ifi6:M0NlL GLOBE. ;
40jh Oong....3d Sess.
=4=
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Kbps.
■MESSAGE
Of THE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
Fellow-citizens ofthe Senate
' and House of Representatives:
Upon the reassembling; of Congress, it again
becomes my duty to call your attention to the
state ofthe Union, and to its continued dispr-
fanized conditiori under the various laws which
are been passed np'on ,the subject of recon-
struction. " 1 ' r* -
It iflay be ■ safely assumed, as an axiom in
the government o"f States, that the greatest
wrongs inflicted upon a people are caused by
unjust and arbitrary legislation, or by the un-
relenting decrees of despotic rulers, and that
the timely revocation of injurious and oppress-
ive measures is the greatest good that can be
conferred Upon a nation. The legislator or
ruler who has the wisdom and magnanimity to
retrace his steps, when convinced of error,
will sooner or later be rewarded with the respect
and gratitude of an intelligent and patriotic
people.
Our own history, although embracing a
period less than a century, affords abundant
proof that most, if not all, of our domestic
troubles are directly traceable to violations of
the organic law and excessive legislation. The
most striking illustrations of this fact are fur-
nished by the enactments of the "past three
years upon the question of reconstruction.
After a fair trial they have substantially failed
and proved pernicious in their results, and
there seems to be no good reason why they
should longer remain upon the statute-book.
States to which the Constitution guaranties a
republican form of government have been
reduced to military dependencies, in each of
which thg people have been made subject to
the arbitrary will of the commanding general.
Although the Constitution requires that.each
State shall be represented in Congress, Vir-
ginia, Mississippi, and Texas are yet excluded
from the two Houses, and contrary to the
express provisions of that instrument were
denied participation in the recent election for
a President'and Vice President of the United
States. The attempt to place the white popu-
lation under tile domination of persons of
color ip tj£ie South has impaired, if not de-
stroyed, the kindly relations that had pre-
viously existed between them; and mutual dis-
trust has engendered a feeling of animosity
which, leading in some instances to collision
and bloodshed, has prevented that cooperation
between the two races so essential to the suc-
cess of industrial enterprises in the southern
States. Nor have the inhabitants of those
otates alone suffered from the disturbed con-
dition of affairs growing out of these congres-
sional enactments. The entire Union has been
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 1.
agitated bv grave apprehensions of troubles
whjtch might again involve, the peace of the
nation; -its interests have been injuriously
affected by the derangement of business and
labor, and the consequent want of prosperity
throughout.that portion of the country.
The Federal Constitution—the Magna Charta
oi American rights, under whose wise and
.salutary provisions we have-successfully con-
ducted all our. domestic and foreign affairs,
sustained ourselves in peace and in war, and
become a great nation among the Powers of
the earth—must assuredly be now adequaleTo
the settlement of Questions growing out of
the civil war waged alone for its vindication.
This great fact is made most manifest by the
condition of the country when Congress as-
sembled in the month of December, 1865.
Civil strife had ceased; the spirit of rebellion
had spent its entire force; in the southern
States the people had warmed into national
life, and throughout the whole country a
healthy reaction in public sentiment had taken
place. By the application of the simple yet
effective provisions of the Constitution the
executive department, with the voluntary aid
of the States, had brought the work of resto-
ration as near completion as was within the
scope of its authority, and the nation was
encouraged by the prospect of an early aud
satisfactory adjustment of all its difficulties.
Congress, however, intervened, and refusing
to perfect the work so nearly consummated
declined to admit members from the unrepre-
sented States, adopted a series of measures
which arrested the progress of restoration,
frustrated all that had been so successfully
accomplished, and after three years of agita-
tion and strife has left the country further
from the attainment of union and fraternal
feeling than at the inception of the congres-
sional plan of reconstruction. It needs no
argument to show that legislation which has
produced such baneful consequences should
be abrogated, or else made to conform to the
genuine principles of republican government.
Under the influence of party passion aud sec-
tional prejudice other acts have been passed
not warranted by the Constitution. Congress
has already been made familiar with my views
respecting the " tenure-of-office' bill." Expe-
rience has proved that its repeal is demanded
by the best interests of the country, and that
while it remains in force the President cannot
enjoin that rigid accountability ofpublie officers
so essential to an honest and efficient execution
of the laws. Its revocation would enable the
executive ffepartment to exercise the power of
appointment and removal in accordance with
the original design of the Federal Constitution.
The act of March 2, 1867, making appropri-
ations for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 80, 1868, and for other purposes,
contains .provisions which interfere with the
President's constitutional functions as Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army, apd deny to States
of the Union theright to protect themselves by
means of their own militia. These provisions
sh< l<} be at once annulled; for while the first
might, in times of great emergency, seriously
embarrass, the Executive in efforts to employ
and direct the common strength of the nation
for its protection and preservation, the other is
.pontrary to the express declaration of the Con-
stitution, that "a well-regulated militia being
necessary to the security of a free State the
right of the people to keep and bear arms shall
not be infringed.''
It is believed that the repeal of all such laws
would be accepted by the American people as
at least a partial return to the fundamental
principles.of the Government,.and an indica-
tion that hereafter the Constitution is, to be
made the nation's safe and unerring guide.
They can be productive of no permanent bene-
fit to the country, and should not be permitted
to stand as so many monuments of the deficient
wisdom which has characterized our recent
legislation.
The condition of our finances demands the
early and earnest consideration of Congress.
Compared with the growth of our population,
the public expenditures have reached an
amount unprecedented in our history.
The population of the United States in 1T90
was nearly four millions of people. Increasing
each decade about thirty-three per cent., it
reached in 1860 thirty-one millions—an increase
of seven hundred per cent, on the population
in 1790. In 1869 it is estimated that it will
reach thirty-eight millions, or an increase of
eight hundred and sixty-eight per cent, in sev-
enty-nine years.
The annual expenditures of the Federal
Government in 1791 were $4,200,000; in 1820,
$18,200,000; in 1850, $41,000,000; in 1860,
$63,_000,000 j in 1865, nearly $1,300,000,000;
and in 1869 it is estimated by the Secretary of
the Treasury, in his last annual report, that
they will be $872,000,000.
By comparing the public disbursements of
1869, as estimated, with those of 1791, it will
be seen that the increase of expenditure since
the beginning of the Government has been
eight thousand six hundred and eighteen per
cent., while the increase of the population for
the same period was only eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight percent. Again: the expenses
of the Government in 1860, the year of peace
immediately preceding the war, were only
$63,000,000; while in 1869, the year of peace
three years after the war, it is estimated they
will be $372,000,000—an increase of four hun-
dred and eighty-nine per cent., while the in-
crease of population was only twenty-one per
cent, for the same period.
These statistics further show that in 17V1 the
annual national expenses, compared with, the
population, were little more than one dollar
per capita, and iti 1860 byt two dollars per
