1869.
THE ■ CONGRESSIONAL" GLOBE.
of the absolute payment of the amount of money
proposed to- be refunded bjf this joint resolu-
tion'have been examined, or how particular
they are : but I do know the fact that between
the 1st of May, 1804, and the 1st of January,
1865, during the time I was in command on
the Rio Grande, with my headquarters at Bra-
zos Santiago, Mr. Pierce, as United States
consul at Matamoras, forwarded to me, at the .
mouth of the Bio Grande, between seven and
eight hundred refugees, almost every one of
whom was in -a state of absolute destitution ;
without food, "without clothing, and without
any ability to help themselves. He had fre- •
quent interviews and official correspondence
with me. He stated to me that he was advancing
money out of his private funds, and inquired
whether Congress would refund this, because
it was exhausting his private fortune and his
individual property which he ought to save for
his family. Many of these people would have
starved and perished, many of them being sick
women and children, but for the generosity of
this man in advancing to them the money neces-
sary to get to the mouth of the Rio Grande,
where I had a lighter to bring them within our
lines and send them to New Orleans. Still this
joint resolution should be guarded so as not to
make it a precedent for rushing in claims for
large amounts of money advanced to refugees
under ordinary circumstances. If this is prop-
erly guarded 1 think that it ought to be passed.
This man ought to have this money refunded
to him. He was the only representative of the
American Government to which these refugees
could apply. X had personal knowledge of some
of these parties; some of them were friends of
mine who had gone to Texas with cattle and
money and had bought up land, and after the
war had commenced they came into our lines
as refugees with hardly clothing enough to
cover their nakedness. In escaping from ser-
vice in the rebel army they left behind lands,
houses, cattle, everything that they owned.
They came down to Matamoras on foot, and
this consul advanced them funds to get within
our lines.
[Here the hammer fell.]
- Mr. Chancer rose:
Mr. BLAIR. I do not feel at liberty to yield
further.
Mr. CHANLER. This side has not been
heard; I wish to ask a question,
Mr. BLAIR. I will yield for a question.
Mr. CHANLER. Why is not this paid out
of the appropriation for refugees and aban-
doned lauds?
Mr. BLAIR. I do not know.
Mr. CHANLER. This is a matter covered
by previous appropriations for the Freedmen's
•Bureau. I should like to hear some explana-
tion whether these were citizens resident of
Texas, or citizens resident of Mexico. I want
to know how this subject gets before the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs?
Mr. BLAIR. The appropriations to which
the gentleman has referred could nst be made
available for this purpose.
Mr. CHANLER. VVere these citizens of the
United States resident in Mexico or citizens of
Texas? It is a question of grave importance,
and I believe it ought to be answered.
Mr. BLAIR. They were destitute American
citizens at the time in Mexico. The whole
matter was referred to the War Department
and they said that there was no law applying to
the case. They were not Mexicans, but Amer-
ican citizens. -This consul advanced money
for their relief, and he ought to have it refunded
to him. • -
Mr. ROSS. I move that the joint resolution
be laid on the table.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 'I,demand the yeas and
■nays.,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question -was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 36, nays-108, not voting
78; as follows: -
" YEAS—Messrs. Axtell, Baker, Benja-m'm, Burr,
Cbanler, Glossbreiuier, Gol loday, Grov-er, Harding,
Hawkins. Hotchkiss, Hulburd, Hunter, Johnson,
Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Ketch am, Knott, William
Lawrence, Loughridge, McCormick, Moore, Niblack,
Nunn, Phelps, Bandall, llauin, Ross, Sitgr«ay,es,
Spalding, Stover, Van Aukeu, Van Trump, Thomas
"VYillia.ms, Woodward,"and Young—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames; James M. Ashley, Banks,
Barnes, Beaman, Bingham, Blackburn, Blaine, Blair,
Boutwell, Bpwen, Boyden.Boyer, Bromwell. Broom-
all, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake,
Callis, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cllft, Oo-
burn, Corley, Cornell, Co vode, Cul.iom jDickcy, Dodge,
Donnelly, Eekley, Edwards, iSla. Thomas D. Eliot.
Ja.mes I'. Itlliott, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, French, Goss,
Gove, Haight, Hamilton, Haughey, Ileaton, Higby,
Hooper, Hopkins, Asa-hel W. Hubbard. Chester B.
Hubbard, Ingorsoll, Jenckes, Alexander II. Jones,
Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kitchen,
Koontz, Laflin, Locran, Mai lory, Marvin, McCarthy,
MpKee, Miller, Moorhead, Mungen, Norris, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pettis, Pike, Pile,
Plants, Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn,
Roots, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Smith,
Stokes, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge, Twichiill,
Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn, Ward,Henry I). Washburn,William B. Wash-
burn, Whittemore, William Williams, James F.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—108.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Anderson,
Archer, Arnell, Delos- R. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin,
Barnum, Beatty, Beck, Benton, Boles, Brooks, Buck-
land, Buckley, Gary, Churchili, Cobb, Cook, Dawes,
Delano, Deweese, Dixon, Dockcry, Driggs, Eggle-
ston, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Fox, Garfield, Getz.
Gravely, Griswold, Halsey, Hill, Hoiman, Richard
D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Lash, George V. Lawrence,
Lincoln, Loan, Lynch, Marshall, Maynard, Mc-
Cullough, Mercur, Morrell, Morrissey, Mullins,
Myers, Newcomb, Newsham, Nicholson, Pierce,
Prince, Robertson, Robinson, Selye, Shellabarger,
Starkweather. Stevens, Stewart, Stone, Sypher,
Tabor, Tift, John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Van Wyck, Vidal, CadwaladerC. Washburn, Elihu
B. Washburn, Welker, John T. Wilson, Windom,
and Wood—78.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
The joint resolution was passed.
Mr. BLAIR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
STEAMER NUESTRA SENORA. DE LA RHGLA.
Mr. McCARTHY, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported back Senate joint
resolution No. 90, for the payment of the pro-
ceeds of the Spanish steamer Nuestra Senora
de la Regla, with the recommendation that it
do pass.
The joint resolution provides that there shall
be paid to the proper representative of the
Spanish Government $28,000, on account of
the Spanish steamer Nuestra Seriora de la
Regla, originally seized by General Sherman
at Port Royal, ordered to be restored by de-
cree of the district court of New York, and
meanwhile taken by the Navy Department at
the appraised value above named.
Mr. McCARTHY. I ask that the message
of the President be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives : ^
a Spanish steamer named the Nuestra Senora de
la Regla, being in the harbor of Port Royal, South
Carolina, on the 1st of December. 1861, Brigadier
General T. W. Sherman, who was in command of
the United States forces there, received information
which he supposed justified him in seizing her, as
she was on her way from Charleston to Havana with
insurgent correspondence on board. Theseiaurewas
made accordingly, and during the ensuing spring the
vessel was sent toNew York, m orderthat the legal-
ity of the seizure might be tried. By a decreeof tho
20th of June, 1863, Judge Betts ordered the vessel to
be restoredand by a subsequent decree of the loth
of October, 1863, ho referred the adjustment of dam-
ages to amicable negotiation between the two Gov-
ernments. ,
While the proceedings m admiralty were pending,
tho vessel was appraised and taken by the Navy De-
partment at a valuation of $28,000, which sum that
Department paid into the Treasury. As tho amount
of this valuation cannot legally be drawn from the
Treasury without authority from Congress, I recom-
mend an appropriation tor that purpose. It is pro-
posed to appoint a commissioner on the part of this
Government to adjust, informally in this case, with
a similar commissioner on the part of Spain; the
question of damages; the commissioners toname an
arbiter for points upon "which they may disagree.
When the amouivt oi damages shall thus hare been
ascertained, application will be made to Congress
for a further WroP'i tionJ^^,5^rh^>
Washington, January T, 1888.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I make the point of
order that that is an appropriation bill, and
"mast have its first consideration in the Go-m-
mfttee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. It is an appropriation bill.
Mr. McCARTHY.- I hope the gentleman
will not insist oh that-point of order. •
Mr. BENJAMIN.' I insist it shall go to the
Committee of the Whole.
The bill was accordingly referred to the
CpmmiUee of the Whole on the Private Calen-
dar, and ordered to be printed.
BEKTHOI/D IIAIIN.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported
adversely on the application of Berthold Hahn
foj? a pension, the case being covered by gen-
eral law; and the same was laid on the table.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent,-with-
drew from the files the papers in the above
case without leaving copies. ,
WILLIAM DUNCAST.
On motion of Mr. KELLOGG, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee on Commerce
was discharged from the consideration of the
petition of William Duncan, president of the
Savannah hospital, claiming payment for-e re
and treatment of United States seamen in hos-
pitals by contract with the United States cus-
tom-house office at Savannah; and the same
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
"WELLS, SARGO AND COMPANY.
Mr. BROOMALL, from the Committee on
Public Expenditures, presented a report in the
case of the contract with Wells, Fargo & Co.;
and the same was ordered to be printed and
recommitted.
SAC AND FOX TRUST LANDS.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, by unanimous
consent, offered the following preamble and
resolution ; which were read, considered, and
agreed to:
Whereas by the provisions of a treaty between the
United States with the tribe of Sac and Fox Indians
of the Mississippi, proclaimed October 14,1868, it is
provided that certain lands known as " trust lands "
should "immediately upon the ratification of this
treaty beeomo the property of tho United States,"
and should be "open to entry and settlement," and
should "be subject to all the laws and regulations of
tho General Land Office, the samo as other public
lands, provided that said lands shall be subject td sale
in tracts of not exceeding one hundred and sixty
acres to any one person and at a price not leas than
$1 50 per acre;" and whereas nearly four months'
time has elapsed since the promulgation of said
treaty, and tho said trust lands have not yet been
offered for sale; and whereas, in consequence of this
delay, a large number ofpersons desirous of purchas-
ing said lands lor the purpose of settlement and im-
provement arc unable so to do, and as doubt and
uncertainty exist in relation to the occupancy ot said
lands, thereby greatly prejudicing the interests both
of the Indians and kettlers; and whereas itis clearly
within the intent of theprovisions of said treaty that
the trust lands should be immediately opened to
actual settlement and sale at the land office in Xopeka,
an^as * Therefore
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior is
hereby requested immediately to inform the AJo^se
why said trust lands have not been offered for sale 88
contemplated by the treaty, and also as to tho num-
ber of acres thereof.
JOIIN LAW.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R.
No. iy?2) granting a pension to John Law;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of John Law, late a private in com-
pany I, one hundred and fourth New York vol-
unteers, and pay him a pension, commencing
May 15, 1865.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the reading of
the report.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over till the next
morning hour for the consideration of private
bills.
INTERNAb REVENUE LAW.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting, in
compliance with House resolution of the 9th
instant, regulations, decisions, &e., relative to
the execution of the internal revenue law-of
July 28, 1868; which was referred to the-Cisai-
mittea of Ways and Means.
