1178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
February 13,
captured and abandoned property.
The SPEAKER alsa laid.before the House
a. communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury in response to House resolution of
the 6th instant, relative to money arising from
sales of captured and abandoned property,
whether covered into the Treasury, &c.; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
message erom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that that body had
agreed to the amendment of the House to the
bill (S. No. 499) granting a pension to the
widow and children of Martin Whitt.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed- a joint resolution (S. No.
217) for printing a Medical and Surgical History
of the Rebellion; in which the concurrence of
the House was requested.
bale of gold coin.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, transmitting, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the House of the 6th
ultimo, various statements of gold coin sold by
the Government since January 1,1863, in each
year, the premium realized, &c.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved that
tbe communication be referred to the Commit-
tee on Banking and Currency, and ordered to
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
report of smithsonian institution.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the secretary of the Smithsonian Institution,
submitting the annual report of the operations
of the Institution for 1868; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRUYN. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
JUsolved, That there be printed five thousand extra
copies of tho report of the Smithsonian Institution,
three thousand for the use of the House and two
thousand for the Institution, and that the same be
stereotyped.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope the gentleman
will make the number ten thousand instead of
five thousand. This is a very valuable docu-
ment.
Mr. PEUYN. I have no objection, but
the resolution has to go to the Committee on
Printing.
The resolution was referred, under the law,
to the Committee on Printing.
removals at philadelphia custom-house.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to furnish to the House of Representatives
the correspondence relative to the dismissal of John
O'Grady, captain of tho night watch, and William
B. Johns, deputy collector, ot the Philadelphia cus
tom-liouse.
mr. Randall, i object.
business ob tub house.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire-to make a sug-
gestion to the House. It is represented by a
great many gentlemen that it will probably be
impossible to get any considerable number of
gentlemen here toward making a quorum to-
night for business purposes, and it accords
somewhat with my own inclinations, not feel-
ing entirely fit to work to-night, to ask that
there be no action to-night on the tax bill, but
that it be taken up again on Monday evening,
•and that, if it be agreeable to gentlemen to
have a meeting to-night,- it shall be a meeting
for debate only. I understand that several
gentlemen wish to be heard on general sub-
jects. I ask that that order be made.
, There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. butler, of Massachusetts. I desire
tne House to understand that if there are any
more special assignments-of matters to take
precedence it will be impossible to get on with
the public business. Our appropriation bills
are now, by no fault of the Committee q,n Ap-
propriations, so far behind that there is hardly
time enough to give them the fair, proper, and
legitimate consideration which their importance
demands. Then there is the very important
Army bill, where perhaps a greater saving can
be made than in any other branch of tbe Gov-
ernment, which must have full discussion, and
a discussion of which will be very profitable.
I therefore ask gentlemen, in view of the con-
dition of the public business, not to desire or
attemptto make special assignments. We have,
moreover, the constitutional amendment in
relation to suffrage to dispose of. So that if
there is a special assignment of any other busi-
ness we shall find ourselves with the wheels
of Government stopped because of want of
time to consider the necessary appropriation
bills. I say thus much now because it is invid-
ious to object when special assignments are
asked by gentlemen.
Mr. BROOMALL. There are grave ques-
tions of privilege, also.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. To say
nothing of the election cases.
The SPEAKER. With the consent of the
House the Chair will state the condition of its
business. But a little over two weeks of the
session remain. Besides the tax bill and the
appropriation bills there are four reports of
the Committee-of Elections, which committee
are authorized to report at any time when the
House is not engaged in the transaction of
other business. There are several important
bills from the Committee on Reconstruction
which will probably give rise to some debate.
There are also pending several motions to
reconsider, any one of which can be called up
at any time when there is no other business
before the House. Some of those motions are
in relation to important matters, one, if not
more, being in relation to reports from the
Committee of Ways and Means. The Chair
would therefore apprise the House that a large
part of its time, for many hours each day,
must be devoted to the transaction of the pub-
lic business in order to conclude it by the end
of this session.
new york and oswego railroad
Mr. CHURCHILL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce for consideration at this time
a joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
War to permit the use of a portion of the mili-
tary reserve at Oswego, in the State of New
York, by the New York and Oswego Midland
Railroad Company for railroad purposes.
Mr. ROSS. I object, and call for the regu-
lar order of business.
leave of absence.
Mr. VAN AUKEN asked and obtainedleave
of absence for next week.
message i"rom the president.
A message in writing from the President ef
the United States was communicated to the
House by Colonel William G. Moore, his Pri-
vate Secretary, who also informed the House
that the President had approved and signed
the following bills:
An act (H. R. No. 1343) to confirm the title
to certain land to the pueblo of Santa Ana, in
the Territory of New Mexico;
An act (H. R. No. 1451) for the relief of
John H. Osier, of Guernsey county, Ohio ; and
An act (H. R. No. 1809) making appropria-
tions for the payment of salaries and contin-
gent expenses of the Patent Office for January
and February, 1869.
reports or national banks.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Banking and Currency, reported
back, with a recommendation that the same be
passed, House bill No. 1881, regulating the
reports of national banking associations.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that every
national banking association shall make to the
Comptroller of the Currency, on the first Mon-
day of every month, a report exhibiting in
detail and under appropriate heads the re-
sources and liabilities of the association before
the commencement of business on the morning
of the day aforesaid, and shall transmit the
same to the Comptroller of the Currency within
five days thereafter ; and such report shall be
in the manner and form prescribed by the
Comptroller of the Currency, verified by the
oath or affirmation of the president and cashier
of such association, or by either one of them,
and two of the directors, and. shall be in lieu
of the quarterly reports and monthly statement
required by section thirty-four of the national
currency act, approved June 8, 1864. The
return of each association on the first Monday
of January and July shall be verified by the
oath or affirmation of the president or cashier,
and attested by the signatures of at least three
of the directors, certifying that they have per-
sonally examined the resources and liabilities
of the association as set forth in said report and
have found the same to be correct; and snch
reports for January and July shall be published
in a newspaper where such association is estab-
lished, at the expense ofthe association making
the same; and if there be no newspaper pub-
lished at such place, then in some newspaper
to be designated by the Comptroller of the.
Currency within the county or State where such
association is located. And every banking
association shall make and transmit to the
Comptroller of the Currency a special report,
as aforesaid, of its condition on any day speci-
fied, whenever required by the Comptroller of
the Currency. Any association failing to make
and transmit such monthly or other report shall
be subject to a penalty of $100 for each day
after five days that such bank shall delay to
make and transmit any report as aforesaid;
and in case any association shall delay or refuse
to pay the penalty herein imposed when the
same shall be assessed by the Comptroller of
the Currency, the.amo.unt of such penalty may
be retained by the Treasurer of the United
States, upon the order of the Comptroller of
the Currency, out of the interest, as it may
become due to the association, on the bonds
deposited with him to secure circulation; and
ail sums of money collected for penalties under
this section shall be paid into the Treasury of
the United States.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I desire
merely to say, in regard to this bill, that the
object of the committee is to provide against
the inconvenience which has arisen under the
provision of law requiring the national banks
to make returns or statements quarterly. This
bill provides that such returns shall be made
monthly, and the Comptroller of the Currency
is permitted by this bill to call at any time upon
a bank for a special report on its condition. I
think the House understand the object of the
bill. I will answer any question that may be
asked of me in regard to this bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to offer an
amendment to this bill.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
hear it read.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not discover, upon
listening to the reading of the bill, that it re-
quires thebanking associations in their monthly
reports to make any return to the Comptroller
ofthe profits of the association. We are left
entirely in the dark with regard to the business
of these banks unless we know what the bank
is making as a profit to the stockholders. There
is no provision in this bill requiring these na-
tional banking associations to show, in detail,
what they are doing with their capital.
I desire to offer the following as an additional
section to the bill:
Sec. 2. Andleit further enacted, That in the Januai v
Statements of such associations each and every suca
association ill each and every year shall state, in ad-
dition to the other facts, the amount of profit of such
association tor the previous year.
I do not assume that I have put this in the
best form. I merely throw out the idea that
either once or twice a year these banking asso-
ciations should be required to show their gross
receipts from discounts and loans and all other
banking operations, and also their expenses,
