226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
He also, from the samecommittee, to whom
was referred the resolution (S. R. No. 150)
relative to the payment of certain claims to
loyal citizens of the United States,_ reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
committee clerk.
Mr. CONKLING, from the Committee on
Revision of the Laws of the United States,
reported the following resolution ; which was
considered by unanimous consent, and agreed
to :
Sesohed, That the Committee on Revision of the
Laws of the United States be, and hereby is, au-
thorised to employ a elork, who shall rocoive the
same compensation as is allowed to clerks of other
committees.
bills recommitted.
On motion by Mr. MORTON, the bill (S.
No. 712) to provide for the appointment of
recorder of deeds and warden of the jail in the
District of Columbia, and for other purposes,
was recommitted to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
On motion by Mr. PATTERSON, of Ten-
nessee, the bill (S. No. 231) for the relief of
Dr. John Teinpleton was recommitted to the
Committee on Claims.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, itsCIevk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (H. R. No.
1564) making appropriations i'or the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United
States for the year ending Jane 30, 1870; in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
enrolled hill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House bad signed the enrolled bill (S.
No. 738) to relieve from disabilities John G.
Stokes, a citizen of' Alabama; and it was there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore of
the Senate.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. William 0. Moore, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President had, on the
6th instant, approved and signed the bill (8.
No. 700) for the relief of Joseph Moorehead.
bills introduced.
Mr. NYI5 asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 741J
to encourage and facilitate telegraphic commu-
nication between the eastern and western con-
tinents ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTJillSON, of New Hampshire,
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 7-12) to con-
tinue in force an act entitled ''An act to extend
the charter of Washington city;'' which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. .HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 743) to provide a penalty for violating the
laws of Congress or the ordinances of the cities
of Washington and Georgetown, and of the
levy court, of the county of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 15G4) making appro-
priations for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States for the year
ending June 30, 1870, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
holding ob' double offices.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to take up the
bill which I reported yesterday from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, respecting the holding
of two offices at the same time.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 691) to prevent the holding of civil offices
by military officers, and to preventthe holding
of more than one office at. the same tj/ne, was
considered as in Committee of the Wnole, the
question being on the amendment Exported by
the Committee on the Judiciary, u> strike out
all of the original bill afteWhe enacting clause
and in lieu thereof to inser
That no person shall hold n^/shall ho receive
salary or compensation for performing the duties of
more than one ofhooor place of trust or profit under
tho Constitution or laws of the United States at. the
same time, whether such office or place bo civil, mil-
itary, or naval; and any person holding any such
office or place, or who shall accept or hold any other
office or place of trustor profit under the Constitution
or laws of the United States, shall be deemed to have
vacated tho office or place which he held at tho time
of sueh acceptance.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I should be
pleased to hear from the Senator from Ver-
mont or other members of the Committee on
the Judiciary, who reported this bill, some ex-
planation of the precise scope of the bill and
what is its purpose. The law as it now stands,
I believe, is the same as is embodied in this
bill so far as relates to the compensation of
officers who are holding one office and may be
designated for another ; that is to say, no man
can now receive pay for performing the duties
of two offices. This bill, as I understand it,
prevents the designation of any person either
permanently or temporarily—-for I think it in-
cludes ad interim appointments—to perform
the duties of a civil office who may, at the
time he may thus be appointed, hold a military
or naval office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I will
with great, pleasure give such explanation as 1
am able of this proposition. In the first place, my
friend from Iowa is mistaken in supposing that
the present law as to compensation is merely
rcenacted in this bill. The law now does per-
mit, at least it docs not prohibit, paying the
same person the salaries of two oliices where
those salaries are below a certain sum—§2,500
per annum. The committee thought it emi-
nently proper that that should be corrected.
Then, as to its including temporaiy designa-
tions, what are commonly called ad interim
appointments, the committee endeavored to
frame the substitute which is reported so as to
clearly exclude from the operation of the bill
that, class of persons, so as not to prohibit the
President of the United States or any head of
a Department in whom the law should repose
tho authority to make ad interim appoint-
ments from selecting any other officer what-
ever to perform temporarily the duties of the
office to which he might be called, as we did
not think such mere temporary employment,
as distinguished from an appointment, was
obnoxious to the grave objections in principle
and in practice that relate to complete invest-
iture into two offices by the same person. Ad
interim, appointments, as they are called, are
not an investiture of the person thus called to
temporary employment into the office thediities
of wliich he is performing, but they are the
mere designation of one officer or person to
perform the duties of and belonging to some
other office that is vacant; and it is only be-
cause the office is and continues to be vacant
that the President of the United States, within
the meaning of what I am now speaking of,
would have any authority to permit any other
person to exercise the functions of that office,
because the appointment to an office must be
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, and we all know that these ad interim
appointments, as they are called in common
parlance, are reposed bylaw in the sole power
and discretion of the President.
We therefore declare in this substitute, so as
not to interfere with the statutes upon that
subject, and differing probably or possibly from
the construction that might have been put upon
the original bill, "that no person shall hold,
nor shall he receive salary or compensation for
performing the duties of more than one office
or place of trust under the Constitution or laws
of the United States at the same time." That
in law plainly means, upon all principles of
construction that I am acquainted with, that,
the same person shall not have the title and
become invested in the possession of two offices
at the same time. So I do not think it open to
that objection.
Nov?, as to the principle upon which the hill
proceeds, the main principle to which my
friend alludes, I am sure, if ho has given any
attention to them, the considerations upon
which such a measure is proposed cannot have
escaped the intelligence of my friend's mind.
It appears to us, and I think most intelligent
and reflecting men will agree, that it is con-
trary to the essential principles of a free gov-
ernment certainly that the same citizen should
hold and possess two public employments at
the same time, irrespective for the moment of
the question whether those employments are
necessarily inconsistent with each other, be-
cause the theory of government goes upon the
principle, and it is a true one, that every office
which is created is created because it is neces-
sary that the duties of that office should be
performed in the administration of law for the
public good ; and therefore, inasmuch as in con-
templation of law all the offices that do exist
require the attendance and the attention of the
person who is to fill them and execute them,
if he chooses to take up some other office or
employment, is called by his Government to
the fulfillment of some other public adminis-
tration, he must either leave the administration
c*f the office that he did hold vacant and unad-
ministered, or he must give place to be supplied
by some other citizen or officer who shall suc-
ceed to him in the administration of it. And
so clear is this principle, that in the constitu-
tions of many States, my own among the num-
ber, there is an enumeration of all the chief
offices in the State, executive, judicial, civil,
administrative, with the declaration that no
citizen shall hold more than one of those enu-
merated offices at the same time.
Now, to go a step further, look at the dan-
gers—now, they are merely theoretic,of course;
1 would not wish anybody to suppose that the
committee believe that any person, so far as
we know, wbo may be holding two offices is
obnoxious to the suspicion of thereby causing
any danger to the Republic ; but we pass laws
of general effect for all time and upon general
principles—look at the dangers in this point
of view of the consolidation of many offices iu
the possession of one person ; look at the dan-
gers of the consolidation of civil offices in the
bands of military officers in times of great ex-
citement and of breaches of the law, where the
military officer is bound to obey the orders of
his superior under the articles of war, if you
please, and under the principles of military
law, let them be almost what they may, and
where the civil officer, as in almost ail our
statutes there is power given to him, is em-
powered to call upon the military officer for aid
to enforce his functions. Suppose the marshal
of the United States for thedistrict of Vermont
is also a colonel in the Army at the same time,
and there is stationed in the State of Vermont
a regiment of troops. The marshal takes it
into his head, with a warrant that he has
obtained from some commissioner, to arrest a
citizen in violation of law, for instance, and the
citizen says, "I have a right to resist illegal
process, and I do; I decline to be arrested, Mr.
Marshal.'' The marshal, acting then as colonel,
commands his lieutenant colonel to march up
the infantry and take him.
It does not need any illustrations, as it ap-
pears to me, to show the danger of it. It is the
consolidation of military and civil power in the
same hands when the spirit of the Government
and the spirit of the Constitution, and I do not
know but its letter, declares that one shall be
subject to and in subordination to the other.
There cannot be that subjection and subordi-
nation where you place the military power and
the civil power iu the hands of the same man.
In order to control military operations by the
civil power as far as it was possible, the Con-
stitution contains a provision, as you know,
sir, that the highest civil officer in the United
