1809.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
States, the President, by virtue of his office atrd
not by virtue of being an officer in the Army,
shall command the military power as Com-
mander-in-Chief.
Tliese are mere illustrations, but they illus-
trate. as it appears to me, forcibly and conclu-
sively the theoretic and intrinsic impropriety
in a Government of laws and in a Government
of liberty of consolidating or permitting the
consolidation of separate functions ot govern-
ment in the hands of any one man, whoever he
may be. I am happy to repeat, sir, that I know
at this moment of no individual instance, where
there is the practical danger to which I have
referred as one that is possible m all Govern-
ments, and, as we study history, one that we
know is not only possible, but real in the South
American republics.
These are briefly an outline of the principles
upon which the bill proceeds.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me that this
bill does not reach some cases that have
occurred, and that ought to be affected by this
legislation. The reason for prohibiting a man
from holding two offices under the United
States does not apply with the same force as
where he holds an office under a State gov-
ernment and under the national Government,
because the laws of the State may conflict
with the laws of the national Government. I
happen to know of a ease where an officer
holding a very high and valuable office under
the laws of a State—an office which would
require every moment of his time—is now an
officer of the United States, receiving a large
salary, discharging both offices, receiving the
pay of both offices, and under an extraor-
dinary decision, as I think, of the Internal
Revenue Bureau, is also authorized to receive
his moieties as an informer. It seems to me
that that is a case which ought to be affected
by this legislation.
Mr. EDMONDS. I entirely agree, person-
ally, with my friend from Ohio, and I shall
certainly make no objection to an amendment
winch will cover that case. In my own State
we have a constitutional provision which abso-
lutely prohibits a State officer from accepting,
without giving up his S'ate office, an office
under the General Government.
Mr. CONNESS. There is a similar provis-
ion iu nearly all the States.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a case that has
actually occurred in Ohio.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If there are any such
cases they ought to be reached, in ray judg-
ment. i cannot speak for the committee, how-
ever.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What case is that?
Mr. SHERMAN. The recorder of the city
of Cincinnati, in Hamilton county—an office
of great profit—is now one of the supervisors
of internal revenue under the recent law.
He holds both offices, and by a decision of
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue he is
also entitled to the fees of an informer; but
that I have no doubt can bo corrected by a
change of the law. I propose, therefore, as
an amendment, if this will reach it, " nor shall
any person holding an office of trust or profit
under the laws of a State receive any salary
as an officer under the laws of the United
States."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Make it go further, that
no officer holding an office under the United
States shall hold any office under a State.
Mr. SHERMAN. Suppose you draw it up
in your own language.
Mr. CONNKSS. The constitution of nearly
every State,! think;confains a provision against
the occurrence of the difficulty pointed Out to
exist in Ohio by the Senator from that State.
The constitution of California provides that no
citizen ot that Siale shall hold any office under
the State who holds an office under the Federal
Government where tiie compensation exceeds
$500 a year. That enables postmasters hold-
ing inconsiderable places, where their salary
does not exceed §500, to perform the (unctions
of State offices in Some cases, and it is found
to be a public convenience. A provision of the
kind now suggested would unsettle a great many
of those trivial cases. It is the duty of the State
to take care of this point, as I think, and not
leave it to be taken care of or protected by con-
gressional law. If there is an officer, as de-
scribed by the Senator from Ohio, in that State,
holding a lucrative office under the State, now
appointed to a correspondingly lucrative place
by the Secretary of the Treasury, it is simply a
piece of maladministration on the part of the
Secretary of the Treasury, and upon his atten-
tion being called to it he should promptly cor-
rect it.
Mr. SHERMAN. In justice to the Secre-
tary, I will say that the Secretary did not prob-
ably suppose, at the time of the appointment,
that the officer would continue to hold on to
his office under the State. It is carried on by
deputy.
Mr. CONNESS. There can be no difficulty
about that, because the Secretary can ascer-
tain in twenty-four hours whether the officer
intends to hold the two offices or not, and he
should be promptly removed if he should con-
tinue to hold the two offices. But, 1 repeat,
if a provision of this kind is adopted it will
unsettle a great many very trivial cases, but
cases of importance to those persons; aud it
appears to me that the remedy should come
from the other side, namely, from the action
of the States and not from a congressional
law. There can be no difficulty about correct-
ing the case to which the Senator from Ohio
alludes, and all or nearly all the Senators sit-
ting about me have replied that in their States
there are provisions against such an occur-
rence.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to state to the
Senate that a similar ease has occurred in my
State, where the United States marshal, who
is holding that office, a very lucrative one, has
been elected sheriff of a county, another lucra-
tive office, probably paying $10,000 a year.
It was supposed when he was elected that he
would resign the officc of United States mar-
shal, but he has not done so, and still holds
both offices. It seems to me there should be
some provision in this bill to reach such cases.
1 merely mention this for the information of
the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I do
not know but that the general principle that
this bill aims at may be well enough to a cer-
tain extent, but it strikes tne the language is
so very general that it would be likely to cover
a great many cases which the Committee on
the Judiciary did not intend, or would not, on
reflection, intend to include in the provisions
of the bill. Now it says "any office or place
of trust or profit." What do they mean by
" place?"
Mr. SHERMAN. " Under the Constitution
or laws of the United States."
| Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, "under theCon-
i stitution and laws of the United States."
I Take, for instance, a case which has been
' familiar. It has been customary, for instance,
! to appoint the collector of customs in certain
1 places superintendent of light-houses, and to
i give him a small sum in payment for his ser
! vices in that particular.
I IJr. EDMUNDS. Hedoes nothave a sep-
; arate commission, does he?
! Mr. FESSENDEN. He is appointed under
! the law, 1 suppose, and I presume has a sepa-
i rate commission. If the Senator from Ver-
i montmeans, and if the committee mean nothing
| except two separate, distinct commissions em-
j anatmg from the Government applying to par-
; ticular offices, let the bill say so, and let us
| have the matter so that we understand it, and
! so that it will not cover cases that the comrnit-
j lee do not intend to cover. Now, for instance,
| we are protected well enough. 1 here is no
1 office hardly in the gift ol the Government that.
^ is not made by nomination to the Senate and
, confirmation. If you mean such offices as
! those say so, but do not leave the language so
: general that it applies to every little appoint
I ment that may possibly he made by way rather
j of a designation of duty than anything else, and
for which some payment may be received and
ought to be received. It is a matter of great
convenience, and undoubtedly designations of
that kind are very frequently made tor the rea-
son that the officers are known to the several
Departments and their ability and their integ-
rity are known and understood.
Now, sir, with reference to this matter you
can take familiar instances if you please. I
wish to speak, however, more particularly of
the matter of holding State offices. The con-
stitution of Maine provides that no person
holding an office under the United States shall
be a member of the Legislature, except post-
masters. They allow postmasters to be mem-
bers of the Legislature if I remember the pro-
vision rightly. What objection is there to
that? The Senator from Ohio says it will not
do for a roan to hold a State office if he holds
an office under the United States. Suppose a
postmaster receives a salary, if you please, of
$1,000, or less, or more, and the people in the
town where he resides choose to elect him as a
member of the Legislature, is there anything
objectionable in that? Do you wish to pro-
hibit it in any way? Perhaps such a case as ia
spoken of by the honorable Senator from Ohio
is one that ought to bo prohibited for another
reason, and that is, that one man cannot attend
to the duties of the two offices.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Officers of militia are
also excepted in my State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know but that
they are in mine. And so, with reference to
the case spoken of by the Senator from Ore-
gon, a man evidently should not be a United
States marshal and at the same time sheriff of
a county. lie cannot attend to the duties of
the two offices except by deputy in each oase.
There may be cases where the prohibition
would be a good one ; but there may be other
cases where it would be a very unreasonable
one, and would only make difficulty. The lan-
guage is any " office or place of trust or profit."
I have a familiar illustration in my mind now.
Take the case of retired officers of the Army ;
many of them retired on very small pay, not
enough to support them ; disabled officers, re-
tired on account of being disabled: and they
return homo and live in the place where they
were born and bred, and their fellow-citizens
choose to elect, tlieni to some petty office or
other. Is there any objection to it? I inti-
mated that 1 had an illustration, not of an
office of profit but a place of trust. I know
an officer in my own State and iu my own town
who is a retired officer of the regular Army, a
disabled officer. 'I he people of the city chose
to elect him an alderman. He receives no pay
whatever. If the people of a man's native
city chose to elect him under such circum-
stances as an alderman, or selectman, as we
call it, of the town, be cannot under this pro-
vision accept the office and serve them unless
he gives up his retired pay and vacates the
position which he holds under the United
States. Is there anything unreasonable about
that, or any danger of allowing it in such a
case as that or in a thousand similar cases ?
Now, sir, although I confess 1 do not see the
necessity of the prohibition, I have no very
great objection to it if it be properly limited
and expressed so thatit will not do agreatdeal
more harm than good. There are no officers
of the United States of any particular conse-
quence that I know of who do not come before
the Senate for confirmation. We have, there-
fore, the whole matter in our own hands, and we
can control it at any time. Take any case that
you may suppose: take the case of a distin-
guished officerin theArmy or Navy, for in stance,
who is nominated for minister abroad. We
know very well that he would not give up his
place in the Army or Navy tor the sake of ac-
cepting a post which iie can only hold until
perhaps a change of administration, or for a
very short time. We know, however, that as
the law stands, if he does accept that post for
the time being he cannot receive the pay tff
i the other office. That he might be willing to
1 do. If the name of an officer of the Army or
