1868,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
semi-annual installments,whicb in sixteen years
and eight months would liquidate .the entire
national debt. Six per cent, infold would at.
"present rates be equal to.inne.per cent. uj.«<ns-
i-ency, and equivalent to tliepaymerit of the
debt one and a half time in a, fraction lees than
§|veoteen years.: This, in connection with all
$8 other advantages derived fro'tji' their iovest-
meut, -would afford to the public, creditors a
fair and liberal compensation for the' use of
their capital, arid with this they should be satis-
fied. 'ihe lessons'of tlie..past' admonish the
lende.r that it, is not well to be,over anxious in
exacting from the borrower" rigid compliance
.with the letter of the bond. '
, lf provision be madefor the payment of the
finijebtednegs of the Government in ."the man-
suggested, our natipn will rapidly, recover
its wonted prosperity. Its interests" require
t|a,ts6me measure should be taken-to release
tlieJarge amount of capital invested . in the
securities of the Government. It isi not now
-. merely unproductive, but in taxation annually
consumes $150,000,000, which would otherwise
be used by our enterprising people in adding
.to the weahW of the nation"., Our commerce,
which at one time successfully rivaled that of
the great maritime Powers, has rapidly dimin-
ished, and our industrial interests are "in ' a
' depressed and languishing condition. The de-
wlopment of our inexhaustible resources is
Siecked, and the fertile fields of the South are
becoming waste for want of ipeans"to till them.
With the release of capital, new life would be
infused into the paralyzed, energies of our
, people, and activity and vigor imparted to every
branch of industry ^ Our people need encour-
agement in their efforts' to recover frotn the
effects of the rebellion and of injudicious
legislation; and it should be the aim of the
Opvernment to stimulate them by the prospect
of an early release from the "burdens which
impede their prosperity. If we cannot take
the burdens from their shoulders, we should
at least manifest a willingness to help to bear
theai.
in referring to the condition of the circulat-
ing medium, I shall merely reiterate, substan-
tially, that portion of my last annual message
which relates to that subject.
The proportion wliieh the currency of any
country should bear to the whole value of the
annual produce circulated by its means is a
question upon which political economists have
not agreed. Nor can it be controlled by legis-
lation, but must be left to the irrevocable laws
which everywhere regulate commerce and
trade. The circulating medium will ever irre-
sistibly flow to those points where it is in
greatest demand. The law of demand and
supply is as unerring as that which regulates
. the tides of the ocean; and indeed currency,
. like the tides, has its ebbs and flows through-
out the commercial world.
At the beginning of the rebellion the. bank-
.note circulation of the country amounted to
not much more than $200,000,000; now the
circulation of national bank notes and those
known as "legal-tenders" is nearly $700,000,-
000. While it is urged by some that this
amount should be increased, others contend
that a decided reduction is absolutely essen-
tial to the best interests of the country. In
.view of these diverse opinions, it may be well
to ascertain the real value of our paper issues,
. when compared with a metallic or convertible
currency. For this purpose, let us inquire
, howmuch gold and silver could be purchased
by the $700,000,000 of paper money now in
circulation? Probably ,nbt more than half
;the amount of the' latter—showing that when
; our paper currency is compared with gold
aiid silver, its commercial value is com-
,pressed into $850,000,000. This striking fact
makes it the obvious duty of the" Government,
as early as may be consistent with the princi-
ples of sound political economy, to take such
Measures as will enable the holder of its notes
and those of the national banksto convert
them, without loss, into specie'or it's equiva-
lent A reduction of our paper; circulating
medium need not necessarily .follow. ' This,
"however, would depend upon".the law of de-
tnand aod supply, though it should fie hortie
in mitid that by making legal-tender andlairk
notes.: convertible into coin or its equivalent,
their present, specie value in 'the hands Of theft'
holders would be,enhanced one hundred per
cent. •
Legislation for the accomplishment of a
result so desirable is demanded by tlie highest
public considerations. The Constitution con-
templates that the circulating medium of the
country shall be uniform in quality and value.
At the time of .the formation c>f that instru-
ment the country had just emerged from':the,
war of the Revolution, and was suffering from
the effects of a redundant and worthless p^per
currency. The sages of that period were anx-
ious to protect their posterity from the evils
which they themselves had experienced.
Hence, in providing a circulating medium,
they conferred upon Congress the power to
coin "money arid regulate the value thereof, at
the same time prohibiting the States from
making anything but gold and silver, a tender -
in payment of debts.
The anomalous condition of our currency is
in striding contrast with that which was origin-
ally designed. Our circulation now embraces,
first, notes of the national banks, which are made
receivable for all dues to the Government,
excluding imposts, and by all its creditors,
excepting in payment of interest upon its
bonds and the securities themselves; second,
legal-tender notes, issued by the XTnited States,
and which the law requires shall be received
as well in payment of all debts between citi-
zens as of all Government dues, excepting
imposts ; and third, gold and silver coin. By
the operation of our present system of finance,
however, the metallic currency, whencollecied,
is reserved only for one class of Government
creditors, who, holding its bonds, semi-annu-
ally receive their interest iu coin frotn the
national Treasury. There is no reason which
will be accepted as satisfactory by the people
why those who defend us on the land and pro-
tect us on the sea; the pensioner upon the
gratitude of the nation, bearing the scars and
wounds received while in its service ; the pub-
lic servants in the various Departments of the
Government; the farmer who supplies the
soldiers of the Army and the sailors of the
Navy: the artisan who toils in the nation's
workshops, or the mechanics aud laborers
who build its edifices and construct its forts
and vessels of war, should, in payment of
their just and hard-earned dues, receive depre-
ciated paper, while another class of their coun-
trymen, no more deserving, are paid in coin
"of gold and silver. Equal and exact justice
requires that all the creditors of the Govern-
ment should be paid in a currency possessing a
uniform value. This can only be accomplished
by the restoration of the currency to the stand-
ard established by the Constitution; and by
this means we would remove a discrimination
which may, if it has not already done so, create
a prejudice that may become deep rooted and
wide-spread, and imperil the national credit.
The feasibility of making our currency cor-
refpond with the constitutional standard may
be seen by reference to a few facts derived
from our commercial statistics.
The aggregate product, of precious metals in
the United States from 18-19 to 1867 amounted
to $1,174,000,000, while, for the same period,
the net exports of specie we're $741,000,000.
This shows an excess of product over net
exports of $483,000,000. Ihere are in the
Treasury $103,407,985 in coin ; in circulation
in the States on the Pacific coast about
$40,000,000, and a few millions in the national
and other banks—in all less than $1(50,000,000.
Taking into consideration the specie in the
country prior to 1849 and that produced since
1867, and we have more than $300,000,000
nqt accounted for by exportation or by the
returns "of the Treasury, and therefore most
.probably remaining iu the country.
'" Thesfe are important facts, and show how
completely the inferior-currency will supersede
the better, forcing it from -circulation among
the masses, "and causing it to be exported as.a
mere article of trade, to add to the money cap-
ital of foreign lauds. They show the necessity
of reliiing our paper money, that the r<~tajn qf
gold and silver to the avenues .of trade may ne
invited, and a demand created which will cau|e
the retention at home of at least so much of the
productions of our rich and inexhaustible gold-
bearing fields as may be sufficientfor purposes
. pf circulation. It is unreasonable to expect, a
return to a sound currency so long as the Gov-
ernment and banks, by continuing to issue irre-
deemable notes, fill the channels of circulation
with "depreciated paper. Notwithstanding a
coinage by our mints, since 1849, of $874,000,-
000, the people aie now strangers to the "cur-
rency. whiqli was designed for :their use and
benefit, and specimens of the precious metals
bearing the national device are seldom seen,
except wlien produced to gratify the interest
excited by their novelty. If depreciated paper
is to be continued as the permanent currency
of the country, aud all our coin is to becomea
mere article of traffic and speculation, to the
enhancement in price of all that is indispens-
able to the comfort of the people, it would be
wise economy to abolish our mints, thus saving
the nation the care aud expense incident to
such establishments, and let all our precious
metals be exported iu bullion. The time lias
come, however, when the Government and
national banks should be required to take" the
most efficient steps and make all necessary
arrangements for a resumption of specie pay-
ments. Let specie payments once be earnestly
inaugurated by the Government and banks, arid
the value of the paper circulation would directly
approximate a specie standard.
Specie payments having been resumed by
the Government and banks, all notes or bills
of paper issued by either of a less denomination
than twenty dollars should by law be excluded
from circulation, so that the people may have
the benefit and convenience of a gold and silver
currency which in all their business transactions
will be uniform in value at home and abroad.
"Every man of property or industry, every
man who desires to preserve what he honestly
possesses, or to obtain what he can honestly
earn, has a direct interest in maintaining a safe
circulating medium—such a medium as shall
be real and substantial, not liable to vibrate
with opinions, not subject to be-blown up or
blown down by the breath of speculation, but
to be made stable and secure. A disordered
currency is one of the greatest political evils,
it undermines the virtues necessary for the
support of the social system, and encourages
propensities destructive of its happiness. It
wars against industry, frugality, and economy,
and it fosters the evil spirits of extravagance
and speculation." It lias been asserted by
one of our profound and most gifted statesmen
that " of all the contrivances for cheating the
laboring classes of mankind none has been
more effectual than that which deludes them
with paper money. This is the most effectual
of iuventions to fertilize the rich man's fields
by the sweat of the poor man's brow. _ Ordinary
tyranny, oppressiou, excessive taxation these
bear lightly on the happiness of the mass of the
community compared with a fraudulent cur-
rency, and the robberies committed by depre-
ciated paper. Our own history has recorded
for our instruction enough and more than
enough of the demoralizing tendency, the in-
justice, and the intolerable oppression on the
virtuous and well-disposed of a degraded paper
currency authorized by law or in any way
countenanced by Government." It is one of
