1869.
Hffi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11SI
prescribe, -registered bonds in exchange for
coupon bonds which have been or may here-
after be lawfully issued; such bonds to be sim-
ilar in. all respects to the bonds issued under
the acts authorizing the issue of the bonds
offered to be exchanged.
, The second section provides that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall publish monthly a
statement of thejjublic debt as it existed at the
close of tha preceding month, in which state-
ment the United States bonds shall be classed
as the funded debt, the"United States notes and
fractional notes issued for circulation as money
shall be classed as the currency debt, the three
per cent, certificates shall be classed as the
temporary loan debt, and the debt that is past
due or that will become due with the fiscal year,
stating the same in detail, shall be classed as
the matured debt, and the interest on such
matured debt shall be paid as it becomes due.
The statements are also to contain the amount
Outstanding of subsidy bonds issued to railroad
companies, the Navy pension fund, and any
other recorded obligations of the Treasury; the
amount outstanding of gold certificates, and
the amount of coin and of currency notes in
the Treasury.
The third section provides that from and after
the passage of this actno percentage deduction,
commission, or compensation of any amount
or kind shall be allowed to any person for the
sale, negotiation, or exchange ot any bonds or
securities of the United States, or ot' any coin
or bullion disposed of at the Treasury Depart-
ment or elsewhere on account of the United
States, and all acts and parts of acts authoriz-
ing or permitting, by construction or otherwise,
the Secretary of the Treasury to appoint any
agent, other than some proper officer of his
Department, to make such sale or negotiation
of bonds and securities are repealed.
The fourth section provides that after the
passage of this act all exchange, purchases, or
sales of the bonds of the United States that
may be authorized by law shall be made by
inviting the competition of the public by adver-
tising for proposals for any. such exchange,
purchases, or sales, which shall be awarded
publicly, to the best bidder or bidders, the
Secretary of the Treasury reserving the right to
reject any such bids should he deem it for the
public interest to do so.
Mr. HOOPER, of-Massachusetts. As the
chairman of the Committee on Banking and
Currency [Mr. Pomeroy] has allowed this bill
to be called up on the condition that it should
occupy but little time, and as the bill has been
in print for some time, so that the House is
doubtless familiar with its provisions, I will
call the previous question.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to offer an amend-
ment. I believe it was the understanding that
I should be permitted to do so.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I yield
that the amendment may be offered.
Mr. JUDD. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following as a new section :
And be it further enacted, That from and after the
passage of this act all sales of gold on account of the
United States shall be made at public auction by a
proper officer of the Treasury Department, after giv-
ing public notice of the time and place such sales
shall be made by advertising the same.
. Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
no^v.call the previous question on the bill and
the amendment.
, Mr. PRUYN. I desire to call attention to
what appears to be an oversight in the amend-
ment just offered. It does, not specify how
long before the sales the advertisement shall
be made.^ It might be but twenty-four hours.
Mr. JUDD. Can the gentleman suggest a
proper time?
Jlr. PRUYN. It ought to be at least three
j I think.
Ir. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. We have
confidence in the future Secretary of the Treas-
ury, whoever he may be. [Laughter.]
Mr. PRUYN. Does the gentleman mean
that.he has no confidence in the present See-,
retary of the Treasury?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Notatall
llr.
- Mr. PRUYN. I suggest, the time - be fixed
at three days-. -
Mr. JUDO. I accept that.
Now, I desire to make a statement of some
facts which are not within the possession of the
House. The morning this day was set apart
ior this business a report came here from the
Secretary of the Treasury showing the aniouivb
of the commissions paid upon the sales of gold
and silver. The bundle of papers is too large
to ask that they be read. I will give the result
of my examination. I find that the Secretary of
the Treasury has paid as commissions for sell-
ing our gold and silver the sum of $263,031 21.
Mr. PRUYN. Since what time ?
Mr. JUDD. Since they commenced selling
gold and silver.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I now
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time j and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Banking and Currency, reported back Senate
bill No. 440, supplementary to an act entitled
4 'An act to provide a national currency secured
by a pledge of United States bonds, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof,'; approved June 3, 1864, with sundry
amendments.
The bill was read.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now re-
port the amendments proposed by the com-
mittee.
Mr. RANDALL. I suggest that we act
upon this bill by sections.
The SPEAKER. That will be in order
after the Clerk reports the amendments.
Mr. ING-ERSOLL. It is understood that
they are now only read for information?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understands.
The Clerk read the amendments reported
by the committee, as follows:
Line five, section one, strike out the words" na-
tional currency act "and insert in lieu thereof the
words "act entitled 4 An act to provide a national
currency securedby a pledgeof United States bonds,
and to provide foi the circulation and redemption
thereof,' approved June 3, ISGi."
Line fifteen, section one, after the word "speci-
fied" insert the following: "and national banking
associations in the city oi Washington or in any city
or town whet# there is an Assistant Treasurer of the
United States or a depositary of public money desig-
nated under the act of August 0, 1846. shall not be
selected as public depositaries; and the Secretary
of the Treasury shall require all public moneys col-
lected in any such city or town to be deposited by
the officer having custody of such money with the
Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer or depositary in
such city or town under such regulations as ho may
from time to time prescribe: and."
Lines twenty-four and twenty-five, section one,
strike out the words " and upon conviction thereof"
and insert in lieu thereof the following: " and on
conviction thereof in any United States court bay-
ing jurisdiction."
Line one, section four, strike out all of the section
after the enacting clause, and in lieu thereof insert
the following:
That upon the transfer and delivery of the United
States bonds to the Treasurer of the United States,
as provided for in section sixteen of the act to which
this is supplemetary, the Comptroller of the Currency
may furnish to the association making such transfer
and delivery circulating notes of differen t denomina-
tions in blank, registered and countersigned, as pro-
vided by theaet to which this is supplementary, equal
in amount to ninety per cent, of the current market
value of the United States bonds, so transferred and
delivered, but not exceeding ninety per cent, of the
amount of said bonds at the par value thereof, if
bearing interest at a rate not less than five per cent,
per annum, and the amount of such circulating notes
to be furnished to each association shall not be more
in proportion to its paid up capital than as follows:
to each association whose capital shall not exceed
$200,000, oighty per cent, of such capital; to each
association whoso capital shall exceed $200,000 and
shall not exceed $500,000, seventy per pent, of such
capital; to each association whose capital shall ex-
ceed $500,000 and shall not exceed$1,000,000, sixty per
cent, of such capital; to each association whose capi-
tal shall exceed $1,000,000, fifty per cent, of such
capital. But no association shall have-an amount
of circulating notes exceeding$l,OO0;OGO, Every asso-
ciation having a larger amount of circulating potes
than isjherein prescribed shall, as soon as practica-
ble, withdraw from circulation and return to the
Comptroller of the Currency,-to be canceled, all its
circulating notes in excess of the nnaounts heroin
prescribed; and on failure to withdraw, from any
cause, such excess of circulating notes-before the 1st
day of October, 1899, the Treasurer of the United
States i3 hereby required to thereafter retain- and
hold any interest which may become duS on any
bonds deposited in the Treasury belonging to such
association until such reduction .is made. And it
is further made the duty of the Comptroller of the
Currency to require, in such manner as ho may
deem expedient, all national banking associations
having circulation in exo.ess of tbe amounts herein
prescribed to .withdraw and return to the Comptrol-
ler ot the Currency such excess of circulating notes.
And the Comptroller of tfhe Currency shaH issue to
banking associations which may be organized under
the provisions of the act to which this aot in supnie-
mentarv in the States of Kentucky, Missouri, Vir-
ginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Georgia. Alabama, Florida, Mississippi, Louisiana,
Texas, and Arkansas circulating nofes as provided
in this act to an amount not exceeding $12,000,000;
and to new banking associations -which mav be or-
ganized under the provisions of the act to which this
act is supplementary, in the States and Territories
other than those abdve named, which have hereto-
fore secured the least ratable proportion of circulat-
ing notes, an amount, of circulating notes equal to
the remainder of tho circulating uotes directed under
the provisions of this act to be withdrawn and re-
turned: Provided, That the circulation hereby au-
thorized to bo issued shall be issued as circulation is
withdrawn and returned, so that tho aggregate of
circulation of national banking associations shall
not at any time exceed $300,000,000.
Mr. GRISAVOLD. I ask my colleague to
yield to me for a suggestion, and. with his con-
sent a motion. I will not make the motion with-
out his consent.
Mr. POMEROY. I will hear the suggestion.
Mr. GRISWOLD. The bill just reported
by the chairman of the Committee on Banking
and Currency is a very long, important, and
somewhat intricate bill, and I submit to the
chairman of the committee that it is not judi-
cious, if it is fair, to call upon this House to
act upon it without even an opportunity of
reading the bill in print. I appeal to him now
to allow me to make a motion to recommit the
bill and have it printed, so that we can have au
opportunity of ascertaining what it is.
Mr. POMEROY. I will state that I think
the business of the House will be advanced by
a statement at this time of the objects to be
accomplished by the bill, and after that and
after reasonable discussion upon it, X will my-
self make the motion to recommit, so tbat the
sense of the House may be taken upon it, and
if they think it necessary to have the bill
printed in order to a full understanding of the
subject thev will vote for the motion.
Mr. MILLEIi. I hope the gentleman will
consent to that. This is a very important bill.
Mr BARNES. Has not the bill been already
printed ?
Mr. GRrSWOLD. It has not.
Mr. POMEROY. I think an hour can be
devoted to this subject now with more advan-
tage than three hours by and by. I will make
a very brief statement of the objects that are
sought to be attained by this bill. While the
Senate bill is of some length, and while the
amendments of the House committee are of
some length, yet the objects sought to be arrived
at by the bill and the amendments are very
few, and will be readily comprehended by
every member of the House. The bill consists
of four sections. The first section is eontined
entirely to the provisions of the forty-fifth sec-
tion of the existing banking statute, and that
section is confined entirely to the provisions
relating to the depositories of the public money.
It is provided in section forty-five "that all
banking associations, when designated for that
purpose by the Secretary of tbe Treasury, shall
be depositories of public money, except receipts
from customs, under such regulations as may
be prescribed by the Secretary," and so on.
That is all that it is necessary to read of tbe
section in order to point out the amendments
proposed by this bill. The bill of the Senate
contains1 simply two provisions. The first re-
quires the United States Treasurer to withdraw
all deposits in advance of ninety per cent, of
the bonds deposited as security for each depos-
