1868,1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40th Cong....3d Sis.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Eeps.
alleged enemies of that republic. The ques-
tion of the right to give asylum is one always
difficult, and often productive of great embar-
rassment. In States well organized and estab-
lished, foreign Powers refuse either to concede
or exercise that right, except as to persons
actually belonging to the diplomatic eerviee.
On the other hand, all such Powers insist upon
exercising the right of asylum in States where
the law of nations is not fully acknowledged,
respected, and obeyed.
The president of Paraguay is understood to
have opposed to Mr. Washburn's proceedings
the injurious and very improbable charge of
personal complicity in insurrection and treason.
The correspondence, however, has not yet
reached the United States.
Mr. Washburn, in connection with this con-
troversy, represents that two United States
citizens attached to the legation were arbitrarily
seized at his side, when leaving the capital of
Paraguay, committed to prison, and there sub-
jected to torture for the purpose of procuring
confessions of their own criminality and testi-
mony to support the president's allegations
against the United States minister. Mr. Me-
Mabon, the newly-appointed minister to Para-
guay, having reached the La Plata, has been
instructed to proceed without delay to Asun-
cion, there to investigate the whole subject.
The rear admiral commanding the United
States South Atlantic squadron has bene di-
rected to attend the new minister with a proper
naval force to sustain such just demands as the
occasion may require, and to vindicate the
rights of the United States citizens referred to,
and of any others who may be exposed to
danger in the theater of war. With these
exceptions, friendly relations have been main-
tained between the United States and Brazil
and Paraguay.
Our relations during the past year with Bo-
livia, Ecuador, Peru, and Chili, have become
especially friendly and cordial. Spain and
the republics of Peru. Bolivia, and Ecuador
have expressed their willingness to accept the
mediation of the United States for terminating
the war upon the South Pacific coast. Chili
has not finally declared upon the question.
In the meantime the conflict has practically
exhausted itself, since no belligerent or hostile
movement has been made by either party
during the last two years, and there are 110
indications of a present purpose to resume
hostilities on either side. Great Britain and
France have cordially seconded our proposi-
tion of mediation, and I do not forego the
hope that it may soon be accepted by all the
belligerents, and lead to a secure establish-
ment of peace and friendly relations between
the Spanish American republics of the Pacific
and Spain—a result which would be attended
with commen benefits to the belligerents and
much advantage to all commercial nations. I
communicate, for the consideration of Con-
gress, a correspondence which shows that the
Bolivian republic has established the extremely
liberal principle of receiving into its citizen-
ship any citizen of the United States, or of
any other of the American republics, upon
the simple condition of voluntary registry.
The correspondence herewith submitted will
be found painfully replete with accounts of the
ruin and wretchedness produced by recent
earthquakes, of unparalleled severity, in the
republics of Peru, Ecuador, and Bolivia. The
diplomatic agents and naval officers of the
United States who were present in those coun-
tries at the time of those disasters furnished all
the relief in their power to the sufferers, and
were promptly rewarded with grateful and
touching acknowledgments by the congress of
Peru. An appeal to the charity of our fellow-
citizens has been answered by much liberality.
In this connection I submit an appeal which
has been made by the Swiss republic, whose •
Government and institutions are kindred to our
own, in behalf of its inhabitants, who are suf-
fering extreme destitution produced by recent
devastating inundations.
Our relations with Mexico during the year
have been marked by an increasing growth of
mutual confidence. The Mexican Govern-
ment has not yet acted upon the three treaties
celebrated here last summer for establishing
the rights of naturalized citizens upon a liberal
and just basis, for regulating consular powers,
and for the adjustment of mutual claims.
All commercial nations, as well as all friends
of republican institutions, have occasion to
regret the frequent local disturbances which
occur in some of the constituent States of Co-
lombia. Nothing has occurred, however, to
affect the harmony and cordial friendship which
have for several j'ears existed between that
youthful and vigorous republic and our own.
Negotiations are pending with a view to the
survey and construction of a ship-canal across
the Isthmus of Darieu, under the auspices of
the United States. I hope to be able to sub-
mit the results of that negotiation to the Sen-
ate during its present session.
The very liberal treaty which was entered
into last year by the United States and Nica-
ragua has been ratified by the latter republic.
Costa Rica, with the earnestness of a sin-
cerely friendly neighbor, solicits a reciprocity
of trade, which I commend to the considera-
tion of Congress.
The convention created by treaty between
the United States and Venezuela in July, 1865,
for the mutual adjustment of claims, has been
held, and its decisions have been received at
the Department of State. The heretofore
recognized Government of the United States
of Venezuela has been subverted. A provis-
ional government having been instituted under
circumstances which promise durability, it has
been formally recognized.
I have been reluctantly obliged to ask expla-
nation and satisfaction for national injuries
committed by the president of Hayti. The
political and social condition of the republics
of Hayti and St. Domingo is very unsatisfac-
tory and painful. The abolition of slavery,
which has been carried into effect throughout
the Island of St. Domingo and the entire West
Indies, except the Spanish islands of Cuba and
Porto Bico, has been followed by a profound
popular conviction of the rightfulness of re-
publican institutions, and an intense desire to
secure them. The attempt, however, to estab-
lish republics there encounters many obstacles,
most of which may be supposed to result from
long-indulged habits of colonial supineness and
dependence upon European monarchical Pow-
ers. While the United States have, on all oc-
casions, professed a decided unwillingness that
any part of this continent or of its adjacent
islands shall be made a theater for a new estab-
lishment of monarchical power, too little has
been done by us, on the other hand, to attach
the communities by which we are surrounded
to our own country, or to lend even a moral
support to the efforts they are so resolutely and
so constantly making to secure republican in-
stitutions for themselves, It is. indeed, a ques-
tion of grave consideration whether our recent
and present example is not calculated to check
the growth and expansion of free principles,
and make those communities distrust, if not
dread, a Government which at will consigns to
military domination States that are integral
parts of our Federal Union, and, while ready-
to resist any attempts by other nations to ex-
tend to this "hemisphere the monarchical insti-
tutions of Europe, assumes to establish over a
large portion of its people a rule more abso-
lute, harsh, and tyrannical than any known to
civilized Powers.
The acquisition of Alaska was made with
the view of extending national jurisdiction
and republican principles in the American
hemisphere. Believing that a further step
could be taken in the same direction, I last
year entered into a treaty with the king of
Denmark for the purchase of the islands of
St. Thomas and St. John, on the best terms
then attainable, and with the express consent
of the people of those islands. This treaty
still remains under consideration in the Sen-
ate. A new convention has been entered into
with Denmark, enlarging the time fixed for
final ratification of the original treaty.
Comprehensive national policy would seem
to sanction the acquisition and incorporation
into our Federal Union of the several adja-
eent continental and insular communities as
speedily as it can be done peacefully, lawfully,
| aiid without any violation of national justice,
! faith, or honor. Foreign possession or con-
; trol of those communities has hitherto hin-
j d.ered the growth and impaired the influence
of the United States. Chronic revolution and
anarchy there would be equally injurious.
Each one of them, when firmly established as
an independent republic, or when incorpor-
ated into the United States, would be a new
source of strength and power. Conforming
my administration to these principles, I have
on no occasion lent support or toleration to
unlawful expeditions set on foot upon the plea
of republican propagandism or of national
extension or aggrandizement. The necessity,
however, of repressing such unlawful move-
ments clearly indicates the duty which rests
upon us of adapting our legislative action to
the new circumstances of a decline of Euro-
; pean monarchical power and influence and the
: increase of American republican ideas, inter-
i ests, and sympathies.
i It cannot be long before it will become neces-
i sary for this Government to lend some effective
aid to the solution of the political and social
problems which are continually kept before the
world by the two republics of the Island of St.
Domingo, and which are now disclosing them-
selves more distinctly than heretofore in the
Island of Cuba. The subject is commended to
your consideration with all the more earnest-
ness because I am satisfied that the time has
arrived when even so direct a proceeding as a
proposition for an annexation of the two re-
publics of the Island of St. Domingo would uot
only receive the consent of the people inter-
ested, but would also give satisfaction to all
other foreign nations.
I am aware that upon the question of further
extending our possessions it is apprehended by
some that our political system cannot success-
fully be applied to an area more extended than
our continent; but the conviction is rapidly
gaining ground in the American mind that,
w:th the increased facilities for intercommuni-
cation between all portions of the earth, the
princ'ple^ of free government, as embraced in
our Constitution, -if faithfully maintained and
carried out, would prove of sufficient strength
and breadth to comprehend within their sphere
and influence the civilized nations of the world.
The attention of the Senate and of Congress
is again respectfully invited to the treaty for
the establishment, of commercial reciprocity
with the Hawaiian kingdom, entered into last
year, and already ratified by that Government.
The attitude of the United States toward these
islands is not very different from that in which
they stand toward the West Indies. It is known
and felt bv the Hawaiian Government and peo-
ple that their Government, and institutions are
feeble and precarious ; that the United States,
being so near a neighbor, would be unwilling
to see the islands pass under foreign control.
Their prosperity is continually disturbed^ by
expectations and alarms of unfriendly political
proceedings, as well from the United States as
from other foreign Powers. A reciprocity
treaty, while it could not materially diminish
the revenues of the United States, would be a
guarantee of the good will and forbearance of
all nations until the people of the islands shall
of themselves, at no distant day. voluntarily
apply for admission into the Union
The emperor of Russia has acceded to the
