1182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
its. The House will bear in mind that as the
law now stands it is discretionary with the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to make such regula-
tions, and allow the banks to receive deposits
upon such terras as he sees fit. The result has
been that at various times there have been
accumulations of deposits of public money in
these national banks largely in excess of the
securities in the way of United States bonds
which had been deposited with the Treasurer
of the United States as security for them, and
this provision of the Senate is designed to
require the Treasurer, whenever the deposits
of public money exceed ninety per cent, of the
bonds which have been deposited as security
for such deposits to immediately withdraw
them. That is all that is intended by the first
amendment of the Senate, and that, I think,
will meet with the concurrence of every mem-
ber of this House.
Then there is a second provision, the' sub-
stance of which is this: to make it a penal
offense for any officer or agent of such national
bank acting as a depository of the Government
funds to present a pecuniary consideration to
any public officer to secure deposits, or for
such public officer to accept such considera-
tion. lit the examination by the Committee
on Backing and Currency of some of the banks
that have suspended business, and particularly
of the Merchants' Bank of the city of Wash-
ington, which failed some two years ago, this
astounding fact was presented: that it had been
the custom of that bank to allow to public offi-
cers depositing money with them interest for
those public deposits, and that the public offi-
cers had drawn money upon their regular esti-
mates from the Treasury of the United States,
not to be disbursed immediately in the course
of their official business, but for the purpose of
depositing it with the bank that they might re-
ceive the interest allowed by the bank upon it.
And as a necessary consequence of banking
upon deposits received in that way [ believe
the< Government lost every dollar of money
which had been so wrongfully deposited by
these public officers.
11 is for the purpose of protecting the Treas-
ury against the drawing of Government funds
from it by public officers, to be deposited in
these banks, the officers receiving interest
thereupon, that an amendment is proposed to
section forty-five of the existing law, making
it a penal offense for any officer of a bank to
give, or for any public officer to take, any
consideration whatever for deposits of public
money in a national bank.
Now, I believe that also will receive the vote
of every member of this House. That was the
entire provision of the first section of the Sen-
ate bill, as read by the Clerk at his desk. The
committee of the House have proposed a fur-
ther provision embracing in substance the pro-
vision of a bill which was reported to this
House at the last session, and which I believe
passed the House unanimously, but for some
reason or other it has slept the sleep of death
at the other end of this Capitol.
I have explained the entire provision pro-
posed by the Senate in the first section of this
bill. Now, the committee of the House pro-
pose a substantial amendment, which com-
prises, with the exception of one or two verbal
amendments which do not affect the force at
all, a bill introduced during the last session,
reported fiomthe Committee on Banking and
Currency, and which I believe received the
unanimous consent of the House. I will now
thank the Clerk to read the proposed amend-
ment to the first section of this bill in regard
t0 ^e deposit of money otherwise than in the
sub-Treasury.
The Clerk read as follows:
one- after the word "speci-
fied, insert the following:
actional banking associations in the oity of
i •efiin'ift Tvknf In aay,?tfy&r t,own where there is an
Assistant Treasurer of the United States, or a depos-
designated under the act of
®'I % q1 be seleeted as public depos-
itories, and the Secretary of the Treasury shall re-
quire nil public moneys collected in any such city or
town to be deposited bythe offieer having custody of
such money with the the Treasurer or Assistant Treas-
urer or depository in such city or town, under such
regulations as he may from time to time prescribe.
Mr. POMlfiROY. 1 say that met the entire
concurrence of the House at the last session,
and the Committee on Banking and Currency
have every reason to believe that it will meet
the entire Concurrence of the House now. It
simply provides that wherever a sub-Treasufy
or Assistant Treasurer or any public depository
of the money of the United States exists, the
deposits of the public money shall there be
made, and not made in a national bank. The
amendment proposed bythe House committee
contains the entire body of the first section of
the Senate bill, with the amendment which has
been read by the Clerk. The second section
of the Senate bill is an amendment to section
forty-two of the banking act as it now stands
upon the statute-book. It provides simply for
compelling banks, voluntarily winding up their
affairs, to withdraw their circulation, or to
place United States notes in the Treasury to
provide for such redemption. No amendment
to this section of the Senate bill is proposed by
the House committee. Perhaps the most ready
way to explain the change in section forty-two
of the present law, proposed by this section of
the Senate bill, is to read from the national
currency act the forty-second section as it now
stands, and then the proposed amendment,
which substantially explains itself. The section
of the present law to which I refer is as follows:
Sec. 42. And be it further enacted, That any associa-
tion may go into liquidation and be closed by the
vote of its shareholders owning two thirds of its
stock. And whenever such vote shall be taken it
shall be the duty of the board of direotors to cause
notice of this fact to becertified under the seal of the
association by its president or sashier to the Comp-
troller of the Currency, and publication thereof to be
made for a period of two months in a newspaper pub-
lished in thecity of New York, and also inanewspaper
published m a city or town in which the association
is located; and if no newspaper be there published,
then in the newspaper published nearest thereto, that
said association isclosingup its affairs, andnotifying
the holders of its notes and other creditors to present
the notes and other claims against the association for
payment. And at any time after the expiration of
one year from the time of the publication of such
notice as aforesaid, the said association may pay
over—
I ask the attention <}f members to this clause,
which is simply permissive—
the said association may pay over to the Treasurer
of the United States the amount of its outstanding
notes in the lawful money of the United States and
take up the bonds which said association has on de-
posit with the Treasurer for tho security of its circu-
lating notes; which bonds shall be assigned to the
bank in the manner specified in the nineteenth sec-
tion of this act, and from that time the outstanding
notes of said association shall be redeemed at the
Treasury of the United States, and the said associa-
tion and the shareholders thereof shall be discharged
from all liability therefor.
Under the existing law a bank has started
business with a capital, for instance, of
$200,000, has placed $200,000 of securities
in the Treasury, and has received $180,000 of
circulation, which in the ordinary line of dis-
counts has been issued to the public and has
gone'widespread throughout the country. Now,
we all know that under the present abnormal
system of banking there is practically no such
thing as redemption; that a bill once issued
from a bank is practically lost—it never finds
its way back. Now, suppose the bank, by a
vote of its stockholders, concludes to wind up.
It relieves itself from all its liabilities under
the national banking system, and has the bene-
fit of its circulation to the amount of $180,000.
which is on the wing. It also has the benefit
of the interest on its $200,000 of securities
deposited in the Treasury. Thus, under the
existing law, it is, I believe, an object to a
majority of the national banks in the United
States to wind up their affairs as national
banks and take charters from the States or
carry on business as individual bankers, re-
ceiving the benefit of their outstanding circu-
lation and the interest upon their bonds in the
Treasury.
Now, the provision of the second section of
the Senate bill is, and this is allit contains: that
whenever a bank chooses voluntarily to wind
up its business it shall bave a limited time in
which to return its notes to the Treasury of the
United States and retire its bonds; and if it
does not see fit to do so, or if it cannotdosoby
reason of the fact that in the current of trade
the notes do not come back to the bank, the
Treasurer shall then proceed to sell its bonds
in the eity of New York, and with the proceeds
of those bonds purchase United States notes
to the amount of the outstanding notes of the
bank, and plaee those United States notes in the
Treasury as security for the redemption of the
circulating notes of the bank.
A Member. Paying over the surplus to the
bank.
Mr. POMEROY. Paying over the surplus,
of course, to the bank. The result of this pro-
vision will be that, instead of leaving the bank,
as under the existing law, in possession prac-
tically of all its outstanding circulation, and
with the right at the same time to draw inter-
est on its bonds, which have been deposited as
security for the redemption of its circulating
notes, the bank will be obliged to have in the
Treasury greenbacks, drawing no interest, as
security for its notes, which also draw no
i ii tsrest
Mr. GRISWOLD. Will the gentleman allow
me to make an inquiry?
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly.
Mr. GRISW OLD. The gentleman just now
made a remark about "paying over the sur-
plus." I did not quite understand it, and I
would be glad if he would explain it.
Mr. POMEROY. A bank having $200,000
of bonds in the Treasury has only $180,000
of circulation. Now, if the Treasurer^ as
proposed in the Senate bill, sells the whole of
those bonds, converts them into greenbacks,
and puts into the Treasury $180,000 of green-
backs for the redemption of the circulating
notes to the same amount, there is a balance
remaining, which he pays over to the parties
to whom it belongs. When there is in the
Treasury a dollar greenback for every dollar
of the bank's circulation, the surplus, I take
it, belongs to the bank.
Mr. GRISWOLD. One other question. Ts
it proposed to make the same provision appli-
cable to banks that have already gone out from
the national banking system ?
Mr. POMEROY. The same provision is to
be applied to banks that have already gone
out, a limited time being fixed in which they
are to comply with the requirement. I think
it is thirty days.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Is it not three months?
Mr. POMEROY. It is thirty day's as to
banks that have already wound up and gone
out of existence, and ninety days as t<? those
that may hereafter wind up. At all events the
whole effect of this section, to which no amend-
ment is proposed by the committee, is that
instead of leaving it optional with the banks to
do what they ought to do we propose to com-
pel them to do it; and the Treasurer of the
United States is to see that it is done. Thus
the national banks are relieved from the tempt-
ation now existing, by reason of there being
practically no redemption of their notes, to re-
lieve themselves of the just obligations imposed
by the national banking law under the pre-
tense of winding up their affairs.
Now, the third section of the Senate bill,
Mr. Speaker, endeavors simply to supply de-
fects in section fifty of the national bank act
in reference to the payment of receivers. Bear
in mind that each one of the sections of this
bill only refers to some single section of the
existing bank law, and is for the purpose of
remedying some apparent defect in that par-
ticular section.
Section fifty provides the mode in which these
banks in case of misconduct or otherwise can
be wound up by receivers. There is this omis-
sion^ however, in that section, that there is no
provision made as to the compensation which
shall be paid to these receivers, nor is there
any guard against the payment by them of
enormous fees to attorneys who may be em-
ployed in the transaction of the legal business'
incident to the winding up of these banks.
