APPENDIX TO* THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 20,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of War,
40th Cong....3d Sess.
treaty-negotiated here in January last-for the
security of trade-marks in the interest of man-
ufacturers and commerce. I have invited-his
attention to the importance of establishing,
now while it seems easy and practicable, a fair
and equal regulation of the vast fisheries be-;
longing to the two nations in the waters ofthe
North Pacific ocean,
' The two treaties between the United' States
and Italy for the regulation of consular poivers
and the extradition of criminals,' negotiated
and ratified here during the last session of
Congress, have been accepted and confirmed
by the Italian Government. A liberal con-
sular convention which has been negotiated
with Belgium will be submitted to the Senate.
The very important treaties which were nego-
tiated between the United States and North
Germany and Bavaria, for the regulation of
the rights of naturalized citizens, have been
duly ratified and exchanged, and similar trea-
ties have been entered into with the kingdoms of
Belgium and Wnrtemberjr, and with the Grand
Duchies of Baden and Hesse-Darmstadt. I
hope soon to be able to submit e.jually satis-
factory conventions of the same character now
in the course of negotiation with the respect-
ive Governments of Spain, Italy, and the Otto-
man empire.
Examination of claims against the United
States by the Hudson Bay Company and the
Paget Sound Agricultural Company, on ac-.
count of certain possessory rights in the State
of Oregon and Territory of Washington, alleged
by those companies in virtue of provisions of
the treaty between the United States and Great
Britain of June 15, 1846, has been diligently
prosecuted under the direction of the joint
international commission to which they were
submitted for adjudication by treaty between,
the two Governments of July 1, 1863, and will,
it is expected, be concluded at an early day.
No practical regulation concerning colonial
trade and the fisheries can be accomplished by
treaty between the United States and Great
Britain until Congress shall have expressed
their judgment concerning the principles in-
volved. Three other questions, however,
between the United States and Great Britain
remain open for adjustment,. These are the
mutual rights of naturalized citizens, the bound-
ary question involving the title to the island of
San Juan, on the Pacific coast, and mutual
claims arising since the year 1853 of Ihe citi-
zens and subjects of the two countries for inju-
ries and depredations committed under the
authority of their respective Governments.
Negotiations upon these subjects are pending,
and f am not without hope of being able to lay
before the Senate, for its consideration duriti°-
the present session, protocols calculated to
bring to an end these justly exciting and long-
existing controversies.
We arc not advised of the action ofthe Chi-
nese Government upon the liberal and auspi-
cious treaty which was recently celebrated with
its plenipotentiaries at this capital.
Japan remains a theater of civil war, marked
by religious incidents and political severities
peculiar to that long-isolated empire. The Ex-
ecutive has hitherto maintained strict neutral-
ity among the belligerents, and acknowledges
with pleasure that it has been frankly and fully
sustained in that course by the enlightened con-
currence and cooperation of -the other treaty
Powers, namely, Great Britain, France, the
Netherlands, North Germany, and Italy.
Spain having recently undergone a revolution
marked by extraordinary unanimity and pres-
ervation of order, the provisional govern-
ment established at Madrid has been recog-
nized, and the friendly intercourse which lias
so long happily existed between the two coun-
tries remains unchanged.
I renew the recommendation contained in
my communication to Congress'dated the 18th I
July last, a copy of which accompanies this !
msssagte, that thb judgment of the people should '
be taken on the propriety of so amending the
Federal Constitution that it shall provide—
First. For an election of President and Vice
President by a direct vote of the people, in-
stead of through the agency of electors, and
making them ineligible for reelection to a sec-
ond term. '
Second. For a distinct designation of the
person who shall discharge the duties of Pres-
ident in t.he event of a vacancy in that office
By the death, resignation, or removal of both
the President and Vice President.
Third. For the election of Senators of the
United States directly by the people of the
several States, instead of by the Legislatures;
and
Fourth. For thelimitation to aperiod of years
of .the terms of Federal judges.
'Profoundly impressed with the propriety of
making these important modifications in the.
Constitution, I respectfully submit them for the
early and mature consideration of Congress.
We should as far as possible remove all pretext
for violations of the organic, law, by remedying
such imperfections as time and experience may
develop, ever remembering that "the Constitu-
tion which at anytime exists, until changed by
an explicit and authentic act ofthe whole people,
is sacredly obligatory upon all." "
In the performance of a duty imposed upon
me by the Constitution, I have thus commu-
nicated to Congress information of the state
of the Union, and recommended for their con-
sideration ' such measures as have seemed to
me necessary and expedient. If carried into
effect, they will hasten the accomplishment of
the great and beneficent purposes for which
the Constitution was ordained, and which it
comprehensively states were "to form a more
perfect Union, establish justice, insure domes-
tic tranquillity, provide for the common de-
fense. promote the general welfare, and secure
the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our
posterity." In Congress are vested all legis-
lative powers, and upon them devolves the
responsibility as well for framing unwise and
excessive laws, as for neglecting to devise and
adopt measures absolutely demanded by the
wants of the country. Let us earnestly hope
that before the expiration of our respective
terms of service, now rapidly drawing to a
close, an all-wise Providence will so guide
our counsels as to strengthen and preserve the
Federal Union, inspire reverence for the Con-
stitution, restore prosperity and happiness to
our whole people, and promote "on earth
peace, good will toward men."
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, December 9, 1868.
Report of the Secretary of War.
War Department,
Washington City, November 20, 1808.
Mr. President : I have the honor to submit
a general report of the operations of this De-
partment since the last annual report of the
Secretary of War, with the reports of the chiefs
of bureaus and military commanders for the
same period.
adjutant general's department.
The strength of the Army on the 30th of
September was 48,081, which by the 1st of
January next will be reduced, by the expira-
tion of term cf service alone, to about 43,000.
Orders were issued in November last to re-
duce all regiments of infantry and artillery
(except ten light batteries] to fifty men per
company. No recruiting rendezvous are now
in operation except for the cavalry service, and
the expense of the recruiting service is reduced
to the minimum.
All volunteer officers except one have been
mustered out of service.
At the suggestion of Lieutenant General
Sherman authority was given on the 6th of
October last for the muster-in of one regiment
of volunte'er cavalry from the State of Kansas
for service against hostile Indians. The ser-r
vice of this regiment is not expected to exceed,
six months, after which it is hoped the regular'
cavalry will be sufficient for the frontier service.
It may be reasonably expected that a con-
siderable reduction of the infantry of the Army
may be made within the next year without det-
riment to the interests of the country. I rec-
ommend that such reduction be authorized by
law to be made gradually by ordinary casual-
ties, by discharge of incompetent and unworthy
officers, and by consolidation of regiments. I
also recommend that the four regiments con-
stituting the Veteran Reserve corps be dis-
banded, officers unfit for active service to be
retired, and all others to be transferred to
active regiments.
The term of enlistment for all arms of the
service should be increased to five years, as a
measure of economy and efficiency.
, inspection service.
Through the agency of I he inspection branch
of the service, the eniire Army, ivith a few ex-
ceptions, otherwise especially provided for, has
been thoroughly and constantly inspected dur-
ing the year, and numerous special investiga-
tions have been made, resulting in material
improvement in the efficiency ofthe troops, in
the economical management of the adminis--
trative branches, and in,the care and disposi-
tion of public moneys and property.
Both here and abroad inspections have come
to be regarded as indispensable to successful
management of a military establishment, and
the conviction of the usefulness is everywhere
gaining ground.
The importance of the duties to be performed,
and the insufficient number of officers of the
regular inspection service, has resulted in the
adoption of a system whereby the required
number will be supplied by detail of field offi--
cers in addition to the regular inspectors, the
selections to be made by the War Department.
Th-s plan is designed to secure officers of
proper capacity, judgment, and experience,
and to obviate the necessity of an immediate
increase in the corps of inspectors, which now
numbers but nine officers.
bureau oil1 military justice.
The officers of this bureau consist of a Judge
Advocate General, an Assistant Judge Advocate
General, and eight judge advocates. The two
vacancies in the grade of judge advocate, and
the absence of any legal provision for filling
them, has prevented a compliance with several
applications from department commanders for
such officers.
The work of the bureau is comprised in
15,046 records of military courts received,
reviewed, and registered, and 1,457 reports on
various subjects especially referred for opinion.
It is recommended that the number and
grades of officers of the bureau be permanently
fixed by law, so that vacancies may be filled.
signal service.
Provision has been made during the past year
for such general instruction in military tele-
graphy and signaling as may be necessary for
the service. Books of instruction have been
furnished each company and post, and steps
have been taken to provide necessary tele-
graphic apparatus and the equipments for sig-
naling.
The courses of study in military telegraphy
and signaling have been pursued with success
at the Military Academy at West Point. By
concert with the officers of the Navy, nearly
similar courses of study and practice in these
branches have been had at the Naval Academy
at Annapolis.
A drill with a field electric telegraph train
has been introdu :ed and practiced at West
Point, the cadets discharging all the duties of
running out and erecting the lines, working the
telegraphic instruments, and sending and re-
ceiving messaged By sound.
