1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2S1
will be a proposition before this. House to set
back that officer to his old rank of colonel, which
is a rank high enough for the Marine corps of
our Navy. I would, therefore, object to this
bill because these individuals ask for its pas-
sage simply from emotions of pure vanity, to
be called '' commodores" and "captains" and
" lieutenant, commanders," rather than "sur-
geons" or "doctors."
Now', Mr. Speaker, I think I shall offer an
amendment, to make this bill more palatable,
that if these gentlemen take this stipulated
rank in the Navy they shall do it without the
increase of one penny to their ordinary pay.
That must, be stipulated before I can think of
voting for the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I will allow that amendment
to be offered.
Mr, SPALDING. I would rather move to
lay the bill on the table, and I will do it and
call for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Stevens] is still eutitled to
the floor.
Mr. S PE\rKNS. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] to say that
he will offer the amendment, or does he decline
to do it ?
ilr. SPALDING. I shall move to lay the
bill on the table at the proper time.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield now to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kellez.]
Mr. KELLEY. The remarks of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] and those so
elaborately prepared and presented yesterday
by the gentleman from Illinois [Mi-.^Wasii-
burne] show how little gentlemen understand
this bill. The gentleman from Illinois asted
tliat the bill might be sent to the Commitffc.^'-
of the Whole that he might have an opportu-
nity to read it, telling the House that he had
not read it; yet he was prepared to produce
ill manuscript, which took him thirty minutes
to read, an argument against the provisions of
the bill that he did not understand by his own
confession, and which by his own confession
he had not read.
Mr. WA81TBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman certainly could not have understood
me to say that I had not read the bill. I said
110 such thing. On the contrary, I said that
1 had read it in the hope that I could support it.
Mr. KELLEY. I understood the gentleman
to say that he had not read it andhad not seen
it, and had had no opportunity of doing so.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 stated
directly the contrary.
Mr. KELLEY. Very well. This bill adds
not $2,000, not $1,700 to the expenses of the
Government for the Navy by way of promo-
tion. It is a bill necessary for the maintenance
of our naval service. As I said yesterday to
the gentleman from Illinois, there are now
fifty-five vacancies in this small corps, and you
cannot get fit men to fill them. The gentle-
man from Illinois said yesterday that we had
a Navy in 1812 and other wars and no such
complaints had been made. We have since
then had the war of the rebellion, during which
we advanced line officers four ranks, and did
not advance the medical staff a degree, and in
that way we have made the senior officers of
this branch of the naval service the companions
of men younger and lower in rank than they
were before the war. We have changed the
whole social position of the medical staff. This
bill proposes merely to readjust it. It does not
propose to add emoluments. Itis nota measure
to gratify the vanity of the medical corps. It
is a measure made necessary by the tributes we
have paid to those who carried on our naval
war. I wish time would permit me to speak
at greater length, but understanding that my
colleague on the naval committee desires to call
the previous question I yietd that he may do so.
Mr. STEVENS. I call the previous ques-
tion on the substitute and on the bill.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to lay the bill
and the substitute on the table ; and on that
motion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yens and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—-yeas 93, nays 53,
not voting 75; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Allison, Ames. Arnell, Bailey,
Baker, Banks, Barnum, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin,
Bingham, Boles, Boutwcll, Bowen, Boyden, Buck-
iand. Burr, Roderick B. Butler, Churchill. Sidney
Clarke,Cobb,Coburn.Corfey,Co vode,Dawes,Deweese,
Dockery.Kckley, Eggleston, Ferriss, Uolladay, Goss,
Gravely, Grover, Harding, Hawkins, Hiscby, Hill,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester B.Hubbard, Richard D.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Judd, Kellogg, Kelsey,
Kotcham.Koontz, Laflin, Lash, Logan, Loughridge,
McCarthy, McCormick,MeKee.Mercur, Moore.Mul-
hns, Newcomb, Newsham, Niblack, Paine, Perhara,
Pierce, Poland, Polsley, Bobertson, Sawyer, Sbella-
barger, Spalding, Stokes, Stover, Tabcr, Taffc, Tay-
lor, Thomas, Tilt. John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trim-
ble, Upson,Von Trump, Van Wyok, Vidal, Elihu B.
Wasliburne, Ilenry I). Washburn. Welkcr, William
Williams, Jnmes F. AVilson, JobnT. Wilson, Stephen
F.Wilson, Wood, Woodward, and Young—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Bclos 11. Ashley. Barnes,
Benton, Bojer, Bienks, C;ikc, Caliii, C,ii,v, Clnuilei,
Reader W. Clarke, Clin, Elior, Fnrnsworlh. French,
Garfield. Getz, tilossbienner, Gove.llaight, Ifaughcy,
llcaton, Iloteiikiss, Jenckes, Johnson, Alcxnndei II.
Jones, Julian, Kelloy, George V. Lawrence, May uard,
McCullough. Miller, Moorhead, Morrell, Myers,
Nicholson, Norris, O'Neill, Pettis, Plants, Price,
Prince, Boots, Schenck. Shanks. Starkweathei, Ste-
vens, Stewart. Stone, Twiehell, Van Aernam, Whit-
temoro, mid Windom—53.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, James
M.Ashley.Axtcll, Baldwin, Beck, Blackburn, Blainf,
Blair, Bromwell, Broouiiiil. Buckloy. Benjamin F.
Butler,Cook,Cornell, Cullom, Delano, Dickey,Dixon.
Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Edwards, Eta, Eidridge,
Eerry, Fields, Fox.Griswold, Halsey, Hamilton, Ilol-
man,Hooper, Hopkins,Humphrey, In gersoll,Thomas
L. Jones, Kerr, Kitchen, Knott, William Lawrence,
Lincoln, Loan, Lynch, Mallory, Max-shall, Mnivm,
Morrissey.Mungen, Nunn. Orth,Peters, Phelps, Pike,
Pile, I'omeroy, Pruyn, Randall, ltanui, ltohin^on,
Boss, Scoficlit, Seiye, Sitgrcaves, Saiith, Sj pher,
Tiowbridge, Van Auken, Burt Van Iloin, itohoit
T. Van Horn, Ward, Ciulvvaiader C. Washburn. W il-
lia.ni 13. Washburn, Thomas Williams, and Wood-
budgc—75.
So the bill and substitute were laid on the
table.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the
vote jnsttaken ; and uLo moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JiNUOLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Biils, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled
an act (S. No. 708) to relieve from disabilities
John O. Stokes, a citizen of Alabama; when
the Speaker signed the same.
INTERIOR DEPARTMENT EMPLOYES.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a report from the Secretary
of the Interior, in answer to a resolution ot
the House of the 16th ultimo, stating that no
deduction can be made in the force or salary
of' the employes in that Department except
by a general reorganization; which was le-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations.
ATTORNEY GENERAL'S KMI'LOVES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Attorney General,
in answer to a House resolution of the 10th
ultimo, stating that no deduction can be made
ill the force of employes in his department,
nor any reduction in their salaries ; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
WITHDRAWAL 06' PAPERS.
Mr. GOLLADAY asked and obtained leave
to withdraw from the files of the House the
papers in the claim of Golladay & Bowling, and
the claim of the Methodist Episcopal church,
south, at Bowling Green, Kentucky.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The next business in
order, duiing the morning hour, is the call of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs for reports.
TREE PORTS AT MATAMORAS, ETC.
Mr. BANKS. I present a letter from the
Secretary of State, in answer to a resolution of
the House of Representatives of June 9, IbliS,
calling for information concerning the estab-
lishment of free ports at Matamoras and other
points on the Rio Grande, together with dis-
patches received from 13. L. Plumb, esq., late
United States charge d'affaires in Mexico,
with a copy of recent instructions issued from
the State Department to Hon. Mr. Rosecranz,
now minister plenipotentiary to Mexico. I
move that these papers be referred to the Com-
mittee on I^oreign Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
DIlUfEllENTIAL DUTIES, BTC.
Mr. BANKS presented a communication
from the Secretary of State, in answer to a res-
olution offered by Mr. Lynch calling for in-
formation in regard to the differential duties
established by the Spanish Government con-
cerning the commerce of the United States
with the Spanish West India Tslands; and the
same was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
J. SOUKS SMITH.
Mr. BANKS also presented a letter from
the Secretary of State, dated December 15,
1868, recommending the payment of the sum
of §1,500 to Mr. J. Somes Smith, commercial
ngent of the United States at the eity of San
Domingo, for having concluded, under the
instruction of the State Department, a treaty
of commerce with the Dominican republic,
which lias been ratified and proclaimed as the
law of the land ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Aftairs, and ordered to be
printed.
CAPTAIN MATIIRW LOWE.
Mr. BANKS also presented a letter from
the Secretary of State, inclosing a communi-
cation from the United States consul at Nas-
sau. New Providence, in reference to the
claim of Captain Mar.hew Lowe; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
JULE3 ALDIGK.
Mr. BANKS also presented a letter from the
Secietary of State concerning the claim of
Jules Aldige,and asking that proper measures
may be taken to carry into effect the decree of
the Supreme Court; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE INDEMNITY JX'tiB.
Mr. BANKS submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered,and agreed to :
Resolved, That the papers heretofore communi-
cated in answer to calls lor information by tliollouse
of Representatives relative to tile Chmeseindemnity
fund and the Japanese indemnity fund be printed lor
the uso ol'the House.
MRS. EMMA WILSON.
Mr. BANKS, from the Committeeon Foreign
Affairs, reported back, with a recommendation
that the same do pass, Seriate bill No. 174, for
the relief of Mrs. Emma Wilson, of the State
of Indiana.
The question was upon ordering the bill to be
read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Trcabury to pay to Mrs. Emma
Wilson, of Indiana, one quarter of the .salary of
her deceased husband, James Wilson, esq., as
minister to Venezuela.
Mr. BANKS. 1 askthatthereportberead.
The Clerk read the report, as follows :
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, to whom was
relorrert Senate bill No. 174, beintr ml act for the
relief of Mrs. Emina Wilson, of the State of Indiana,
re^pectiuily rcpoit:
That the said bill provides that the Sfcretarvot
the Treasury be authorized to pay Mrs. Emma Wil-
son, of Indiana, widow of llou. James Wilson, de-
ceased, late minister of the United States to Vene-
zuela, one quarter's salary.
Mr. Wilson died August 8,18G7. It is understood
that the practice of tile State Department would have
justified the payment of the expenses of blinking his
lamily back to this country had they remained there
at the time of his death. Mrs. Wilson lett Venezuela
about one week before her husband's death, and for
that reason her case is not within the precedent
established by the State Department. She left Ven-
ezuela to escape an epidemic prevailing in the coun-
try, and which afterward caused the death of her
husband. It appeared to the committee, upon a full
consideration of tbefacts, that the widow of themm-
ister not having arrived in this country, her claim
ought to be considered substantia-lly the same a® n
she had remained in Venezuelaup to the time ot tier
husband's death; and it is believed, m th s view ot
the facts, it cannot, he made a precedent tor any suo-
