1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1183
Under that "section enormous suras of money
have been paid out to attorneys for the trans-
action of this business. We provide in this bill
that the salary of the receivers shall be $1,500
per .annum, and they are to be appointed by
the Comptroller of the'Currency to take charge
of national banks and wind up their affairs ;
and beside that salary" we allow them a'small
percentage on the moneys'collected by them,
it also provides that no attorney's fees shall
be paid by the receivers except on the applica-
tion and order of the court in which the pro-
ceedings are pending. The court is to fix the
compensation and not the receivers. The re-
ceivers themselves are to have a fixed pay by
law, but as $1,500 a year would not be suffi-
cient in winding up the affairs of a large bank,
a certain percentage is allowed in such cases
upon the moneys which may be collected. By
reference to the bill it will be noticed that the
amount of the percentage allowed to these re-
' ceivers is graduated according to the amount
of moneys collected.
Now, that disposes of all the provisions of
the Senate bill and all the amendments which
are proposed to it, until we come down to sec-
tion one hundred and four; and as there will
be considerable diversity of opinion in, refer-
ence to that section, I am willing that its con-
sideration shall be postponed for the present,
in order that the House may consider, and act
upon the suggestions to which I have already
referred. ' That section (one hundred and four)
provides for a scaling of the existing national
banks and for a redistribution of from twenty
to twenty five million dollars of currency,
.$12,000,000 to go to the southern States, and
the rest to the western States which have not
received their proportion under the existing
law.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I understand by
the provision of the House committee that the
banks are required to surrender their -cur-
rency.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not propose to go
into a discussion of that section at this time,
but, as I have said, I will now, before proceed-
ing farther, .hear what objections gentlemen
have' to urge against the preceding amend-
ments suggested by the committee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman to yield to me.
' Mr. POMEROY. I yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts for the purpose I have
stated.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
examined with considerable care a copy of the
bill which I have before me. I find no objec-
tion to the first section whatever, and no sub-
stantial objection to the third section. I
think there is a very dangerous power given
to the banks by the second section. Let roe
state exactly what the section provides. It
provides, taken in connection with the forty-
second' section of the law, that any bank by
a Vote of two thirds of its directors and stock-
holders may go into liquidation. When it does
go into liquidation its bills are outstanding, and
any time within ninety days it may come and
pay into the Treasury of the United States the
legal-tender notes or greenbacks to replace the
bills it has used as its circulation, and the
United States must redeem that circulation
■whenever it comes in for that purpose. The
bonds of the United States, which the Treasury
has held as security for that circulation, must
then be given up to the bank so going into
liquidation and all liability on its part for its
bills' ceases. The banks, by returning the
amou n t of their circulation in leeal-tender notes
to tile Treasury of the United States, are to
have the bonds of the United States which are
held for that circulation, returned to them
although they amount, interest and premium,
to twenty per cent, more t¥an these bills. In
other words, the effect of the act is to substi-
tute greenbacks or New York notes at par,
dollar for dollar, with tlie bills secured .for the
bonds of the United "States, which are above
par and bearing interest at the rate of 'five to
six per cent, in coin. Now, what will be the
effect of this' when we return to specie pay-
ment ?
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. How
do the national banks redeem their circulation
now ?
Mr. BOTLER, of Massachusetts. In green-
backs, when they are called upon by the people
who hold them so to do. Not until the day of
final settlement comes is the Government to
return the bonds taken from the banks to secure
their circulation, which are ten per cent, above
par, with all the accumulated interest upon
them.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman yield for
a question ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. PRICE. If I understand the gentleman
correctly he is assuming one of the most sin-
gular positions a man can possibly occupy. If
it is not a singular position, then I do not under-
stand it. A bank to-day with an outstanding
circulation of $180,000  
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I only
yielded for a question.
Mr. PRICE. I am coming to it; my ques-
tion goes right to the gist of the matter. A
bank with an outstanding circulation to-day of
$180,000, every dollar of which is redeemable
in greenbacks, to use the common phrase, re-
deems every dollar of their circulation in green-
backs, and taking it in a pile go down to the
Treasurer and say to him "We want our bonds.''
Now, even though the bonds maybe worth one
hundred and seventy-five cents on the dollar,
he is compelled by law to give the bank the
bonds and take the $180,000 in currency. That
is the law and the practice, and how do you
propose to get around it?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There is
no occasion to get around it. If a bank gathers
up its circulation, quits its business, and gets
its bonds, that will be well, because its circula-
tion is all taken up and cauceled, and is not
leftoutstandingforthe United States to redeem
hereafter when the bills must be paid in gold.
But if it will not quit its busiuess and give up
its circulation, but leaves it outstanding, and
pays in greenbacks at par for its bills, and thus
gives only United States notes at par as secur-
ity for its circulation, that is quite another mat-
ter, as the House will perceive. The law, I will
say to my friend, to which he appeals, is defec-
tive now, and fails now in preventing banks
from injuring the public by throwing the bur-
den of redeeming their circulation on the
Treasury. I by no means think the present
law is in any degree sufficient to protect the
public. But this bill provides that the bank
instead of giving up its circulation, and that
circulation then by them to be got out of the
way and not to be redeemed by the United
States, can leave its notes in circulation and
put greenbacks into the Treasury, and from
that hour that bank's circulation becomes
secured by greenbacks only, 'and the bank is
relieved from all liability for its bills. And
whenever we come to specie payment the Gov-
ernment must redeem these bills and relieve
the bank from all liability concerning them.
A Member. Bank notes are not United
States' notes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I know
they are not. Who ever supposed they were?
But by this bill the United States in that case
must redeem them. Now let us see the effect.
Every bank thatmay choose to go into liquida-
tion , as they call it, can substitute at par notes of
the United States called greenbacks as security
forits circulationinsteadof gold-bearing bonds
ten per cent, in excess. Now let us see how
that operates in practice. The Farmers' and
Mechanics' Bank at Albany notified the Comp-
troller of the Currency that it wanted to go
into liquidation under the law, and were ready
to redeem their currency by paying lawful
money, i. e. greenbacks for it. What did they
do ? They saM they could not get in their cur-
rency, but they would put in greenbacks to
meet it and take back their bonds, thus leaving
all their bills in circulation. They then noti-
fied the Comptroller of the Currency that they
were no longer a a#tional bank, but chose to
organize as a State bank under a State charter,
having their entire amount of national currency
out. That currency afloat must be redeemed
by the Government whenever we return to spe-
cie payment, and the bank is not obliged, as
now, to aid the Government to return to specie
by redeeming their own bills in gold when the
Government redeems its notes in gold, as'they
have given security now in bonds at ten per
cent, advance they will do.
Now, let nobody get up here and attempt to
perpetrate a bad joke by asking me what! care
about specie being paid when I think a specie
basis undesirable. I warn anybody against
that. I say I do not want this burden thrown
upon the Government, because whenever we
return to specie payment it brings Upon the
Government the redemption of all such bank
circulation in gold, which they get back and
redeem in depreciated paper, as it is called, or
in greenbacks to-day. Now we have got bonds
of the banks at ninety per cent.—ten per cent,
and the premium surplus—to meet these bills
and to compel the banks to take a part of the
burden of the return to specie payment. But
you allow this bill to pass and you relieve them
of all further liability for their bills, either to
the Government or to the people, however
much the greenback may be below gold. My
friend on the committee will not deny that.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman allow me
a question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. PAINE. Supposethat afterthesegreen-
baeks have been paid over to the Treasurer and
the bonds withdrawn, the Supreme Court shall
decide the legal-tender notes to be unconstitu-
tional, then what will become of the holders
of the circulation of the national banks?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then the
holders of the circulation of the national banks
will be all right, because the notes of the na-
tional banks, not being legal tender, will not
be unconstitutional, and must be redeemed by
the Government in gold. They will be better
off undoubtedly, and the United States will be
worse off, because they will receive nothing,
and will be obliged to pay full value in gold for
something for which they have received noth-
ing.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I would
like to ask the gentleman from Wisconsin a
question.
Mr. PAINE. I have no right to the floor,
and cannot, therefore, yield it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
yield the floor to the chairman of the commit-
tee, from whose courtesy I hold it, in a moment;
but I want to say before I do itthat I am now
trespassing upon the kindness" of the chairman
of the Committee on Banking and Currency.
I have no right to use up his time; but as this
is a very important question, and as I have
examined it with some care, I hope, after the
chairman gets through, I may have the floor,
and I will then endeavor to answer any ques-
tions that may be put to me.
Mr. POMEROY. I will say in regard to
the second section, that the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Price] had prepared a bill cover-
ing the entire subject, and I hare promised to
yield to him some little' time to explain it,
which I will now do before proceeding to explain
the provisions of the fourth section.
Mr. HIGBY. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question before he surrenders tlie floor. As
this bill and the amendments have not been
printed and laid before the members of the
House, would it not be better to postpone the
discussion until it can be printed, so that wc
may understand what we are talking about?
It seems to me that it is rather a singular pro-
ceeding to debate a proposition of this kind
upon simply hearing it read at the Clerk's
Mr. POMEROY. I have already stated to
the House that after a brief discussion of this
bill I will myself move to recommit it vvith
leave to the committee to report it back at any
'time, if the House deems it ntcessary to"have
