1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
A school of telegraphy and signaling has
been established at Fort Grebel, Maryland,
and is in successful operation. At this school
selected officers and enlisted men are instructed
jn all the duties pertaining to the service with
electric telegraphs and signals. A simple tel-
egraphic code, easily acquired, is used for this
purpose.
The report of the chief signal officer, and
the sub-reports covered by it, give details of
the duties of his office for the past year, and
the results so iar attained.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
QCABTERMASIBB'S DEPARTMENT.
The report of the Quartermaster General
shows the total expenditure of that department
during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868,
including claims for stores taken for the use of
the Army during the war, to be $36,506,381 63.
Claims for property taken during the war have
been allowed to the amount of $500,313 28;
rejected, $2,654,430 38; and are still pending
to the amount of $6.905,691 18.
In the national cemeteries 316,233 remains of
soldiers have been collected, of which 175,764
are identified. The total cost has been about
$2,700,000.
The fire-proof warehouse at the Schuylkill
arsenal has been completed, and the expense
ofrent greatly reduced thereby. The warehouse
authorized at Jeffersonville will not be erected,
as that depot will be broken up. The $150,000
appropriated for that warehouse has been re-
mitted to the Treasury.
Of the debt of southern railroads, for mate-
rial sold to ihera after the war, $4,627,695 77
remain unpaid.
The erection of a suitable building to accom-
modate the several branches of the War De-
partment is recommended as a measure of
economy and efficiency.
An appropriation of $50,000 is asked for a
stock farm to supply horses for the cavalry.
No appropriation for clothing or camp equip-
age is required.
An increase of the number of assistant
quartermasters to fifty is urgently recom-
mended as necessary to the proper adminis-
tration of that department.
Attention is invited to the operation of the
joint resolution of March 30, 1868, by which
the control of the appropriations for the War
Department is taken, in a great measure, from
the Secretary of War and vested in the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury, in conse-
quence of which large sums have been and are
being paid from those appropriations contrary
to the advice and opinion of the War Depart-
ment.
SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT.
During the past year the supplies for the
Army have been mainly purchased in the large
markets of the country, though the policy has
been steadfastly adhered to of purchasing near
to the points of consumption whenever and
wherever the same could advantageously be
done. The prospect of supplying the troops
hi the Territories and on the Pacific in this
manner is increasing, and the subject is being
diligently inquired into by the department.
The average cost of the Army ration during
the year has been slightly above twenty-three
cents.
Tobacco to the monthly value of $20,000 has
been furnished the troops at cost prices.
Subsistence to the value of over $630,000
has been supplied for the purposes of the
Freedmen's Bureau, and to the value of more
than $370,000 for the support of Indians—a
large decrease in both instances.
Jn settlement of the claims for commutation
of rations of Union soldiers while prisoners
of war $134,050 have been expended.
On account of supplies taken for the use of
the Army during the war claims to the amount
of nearly three million dollars have been re-
ceived, of which nearly two hundred thousand
dollars have been allowed, §630,000 are await-
j i g decision, and the balance have been rejected
. for various causes.
The officers oi the subsistence department
number twenty-nine; but accounts have been
received from time to time during the year
from over eight hundred different officers. The
appointment of assistant commissaries of sub-
sistence from lieutenants of the linef 'with; a
trifling increase of pay while so acting, is again
recommended, as is also the appointment of
post commissary sergeants.
Measures have been instituted for executing
the law abolishing the office of Array sutler,
by providing a considerable variety of articles
for sale to officers and men.
There remains a large unexpended appro-
priation for this Department, which should be
returned to the Treasury, and an appropriation
made of the sum necessary for the next fiscal
year.
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT.
No cases of the epidemic cholera or yellow
fever which prevailed among the troops at the
date of the last report have been reported dur-
ing the present year.
One hundred^ and forty-six thousand one
hundred and ninety-seven cases (being an
average of three for each man in service) re-
ceived medical treatment during the year end-
ing June 30, 1868, of which about ninety per
cent, were cases of disease, and the rest of
wounds, accidents, and injuries. The total
number of deaths from all causes was 1,021, of
which about eighty-eight per cent, was from
disease, and the rest from wounds, injuries,
and accidents; 452 deaths were from yellow
fever and 228 from cholera. The discharges
upon certificate of disability number 1,074.
The strength of the Army during this period
was 50,000 men.
Sixteen casualties (including five deaths)
have occurred in the medical corps, and there
are forty-nine vacancies in the grade of assist-
ant surgeon.
The actual expenditures during the fiscal
year were $842,124 20, and the balance on
hand was $1,473,792 20 on the 30th of June
last.
The disbursements of the pay department
during the last fiscal year have been:
For the regular Army  $17,803,963 -r3
b'or tho Military Academy    163.100 Of
To volunteers  42,696,444 03
Total  $60,6.39.(511 65
There are now in service 50 paymasters of
the regular establishment and 18 of the tempo-
rary establishment, it being expected that all
of tho latter will be mustered out prior to the
date of the next report.
In the report of the Paymaster General the
organization of the pay department is dis-
cussed; the advantages of the present system
over the old system of regimental paymasters
pointed out; the causes why payments cannot
be made monthly, or even more frequently and
regularly than now, stated, and the impracti-
cability of reducing the present authorized
number of paymasters, (60,) even with a large
reduction of the Army, demonstrated.
Attention is asked to the statement, that
while under the old system, during the war of
1812, the defalcations and expenses amounted
to over seven per cent, on the amount dis-
bursed, under the present organization and
during the late war the total losses, defalca-
tions. and expenses amounted to less than
three fourths of one per cent, on the sums dis-
bursed. During the Mexican war, under the
present system, not a dollar was lost by defal-
cation.
The disbursements for reconstruction pur-
poses have been $2,261,415 02. There re-
mains an available balance of- $467,626 46,
which, it is believed, will cover all future
expenses; but as the specific amount for each
iniliUry district is fixed by law, authority is
asked for tho transfer of amounts from dis-
tricts pot requiring them to others insufficiently
supplied.
During the year claims for additional bounty
were allowed to the number of-41,502, involv-
ing an expenditure of $23,64tf, 157 78. Claims
were rejected to the number of 19.407, and
109,104 were stiil unsettled at the close of the
fiscal year. Since the date of the act 435,199
claims h'ave been received, 387,091 paid,
32,403 rejected, and 15,705 were yet unsettled
at the date of the Paymaster General's report.
The total disbursements on these claims have
been §37,764,774 78, to which must be added
the claims settled by the accounting officers of
the Treasury, bringing the aggregate up to
more than $54,000,000. The expense of set-
tling these claims has been kept within five
sixths of one per cent, on the amount disbursed,
or about the average cost of seventy cents per
claim. It is recommended that the 4th of
March next be fixed by law us the date beyond
which no more claims will be received, and
that all claims then remaining unsettled be
transferred to the Second Auditor of the Treas-
ury for disposition.
ENGINEER DEPARTMENT.
All officers of the Corps of Engineers, except
fifteen, are employed on various special and
detached duties—engaged upon the permanent
national defenses, survey of the lakes, improve-
ment ot rivers and harbors, explorations, com-
mand and instruction of engineer troops, and
in charge of the public buildings, grounds, and
works in the District of Columbia.
\\ ork on the permanent defenses has been
continued on a smaller scale, and reduced
appropriations are asked to continue such work
as is not liable to future modification.
Experiments with iron targets, shields, and
other structures designed to resist heavy ord-
nance, have been and are being continued.
Three engineer depots have been established,
at each of which engineer trains and materials
have been collected and will be held ready for
service.
Estimates amounting to $46,000 for erecting
and continuing the erection of engineer bar-
racks are submitted.
Extensive surveys for the improvement of
rivers and harbors have been and are being
made, and the preparation of the necessary
plans is being conducted with great energy.
The report of the chief of engineers, with
accompaniments, will supply the information
essential to legislative action.
The late appropriation of $1,500,000 has
been distributed, as designed by law, among
those works where most required. Such mod-
ification of the contract system prescribed for
these works, as experience has shown to be
advisable, is again earnestly recommended.
The appropriations for public works in the
District of Columbia have been well applied
and with satisfactory results.
Geographical and geological explorations
and surveys in the far West have been continued
during the year. These surveys, and the mili-
tary reconnoissances made by engineer officers
accompanying troops, afford valuable informa-
tion for military and other national purposes,
The several appropriations required for the
various purposes of the engineer department
are heartily recommended to favorable con-
sideration.
ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT.
The expenditures of the ordnance depart-
ment during the last fiscal year, for all pur-
poses, inclusive of the payment of war claims,
were a little more than $3,000.000—less than
three fifths of the expenditure of the preceding
year.
There are twenty-seven military arsenals in
all, including the national armory at Spring-
field. The work done at them by the hired
mechanics and enlisted men of the ordnance
corps, under the direction of skilled officers of
the corps, has been economically and satisfac-
torily performed.
