B32
THE CGN-GKESSIOtfAL GLOBE.
January 7,
departure from the rule already est ^Wished
&ud ucted up-n by the State Department iu cases of
this kind which mav Hereafter arise.^ The biil us
originally reported to the Senate provided that the
saltiry or the minister for tlve remainder of the year
of his decease should be paid to the widow. It would
have given her salary for nine months and twenty-
five days, amounting to about six thousand one hun-
dred dollars. Thiseoald not be justified, aad thobill
as it nassofl the Senate authorizes the payment of
the remainder of the quarter's salary, which is about
one thousand eight LmuUred dollars. The commit-
tee recommend the passage of the bill. •
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Wilson, our late minis-
ter at Venezuela, who was formerly a member
of this,House, died last year under the circum-
stances stated in the report of the committee.
Had his family remained at the place where he
was stationed until his death they would have
received, according to the practice of the State
Department, the amount of one quarter's sal-
ary for the purpose of transporting them to
their home, in consequence of the prevalence
of the epidemic of the country the wife of the
-minister left the place where he was stationed
about one week before his death. Mr. Wilson
was takeu ill almost immediately, and died one
week after his wife's departure. The commit-
tee be ieve that under the circumstances the
case ought to be considered substantially the
same as if Mrs. Wilson had remained at the
place where her husband was stationed until
the time of his death, thai event having taken
place, so soon after her departure. The claim
of the family, upon peisonal and private con-
siderations, i« very strong ; and 1 believe it was
the unanimous judgment of the committee that
this biil should he passed. Jt in believed ihat
under I he circumstances no precedent can arise
which would be disadvantageous to the country.
The hill was ordered to a third reading ; and
wasaceordhuriy readthe third time, and passed.
.Mr. BAN ICS moved lo reconsider tin* vole
by which llie hill was passed ; and also moved
that ilie motion to reconsider be laid on lhe
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tulmatns of hon. \v. t. codokfth\ll
Mr. CULLOM, from the Committee on For-
eiiru Alfaiis, teported back a biil (II. li. No.
OfJTjtu piovide lor the removal of ihe remains
of Hon. W. T. Coggeshall, late miniMerof the
United States at, Ecuador, to the United States.
The hill, which was read, proposes to author-
ise the Secretary of State to provide for remov-
ing to the United Statesthe hodyofHon. Wil-
liam 1\ Coggeshall, late minister of the United
Stales at Kctt.idor, and that of his daughter,
and to defray the expense of such removal a
sum not exceeding Si.000 is appropriated.
Mr. CULLOM. i call forthe toadiiigof the
report, which accompanies the bHi.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
Ths fommiiteo on Foreign Afi'.ihs. to whom wax
referred House bid No. 9o7, to jusnide I'oi the re-
moval oV the remains of lion. YT. T. CoffirtshnM. Lite
anmatornf tho United at Ecuador, and .iho
the remains ot hU deceased daughter, submit the
Jorpwiu? report:
Wit ham T. CoggeshnU was appointed minister resi-
dent, a- the refuibho of Kcm.uior by the Government
of the Uinted states oa the 4th of May, 18G6, and as
i>-um fhemtUer as ho could reach the republic to
winch lie w«s sent entered upon the discharge of his
duties aa Buch minister. Upon lenvinar this eounhy
to eater upon the discharge oi his duties he took
with him i 15% daughter, a ynunsr hidy of about fifteen
years of ag*. ot r.ire development of character and
intellectual culture, and who, riming tho period ot
servje^ "f Mt. Co.^csiinH nt Ecuador, acted as sec-
ret uy and intoi prci <*r tor him.
Y'-ur c >imniUeo Die herewith, and adopt it ns a
pare this report, n h>tt'-r addressed to the chair-
man m Hii counmttoe by linn. Samukl Shellakar-
GKR, <>i Ohio, in rehitmnio tlie services and death of
Air. lo^ediall and uis d«usrht«*r. Mr. Coj^eshnil
at-d in, ormi th vicinity ot Quito, in Ecuador,on the
2-1 <hiv o Aiiffuat, 18o7, aavuuaoted as minister about
fiiteea monfbs it appeals also by the 1 fitter of Mr
shellabah6ee,as<vlso *ro Ti a letter from Mi s. Co^e-
shall, widow of the late William T. Co?ee.-hall,that
his daughter, whoaceompanW him to E.-uadov died
at Guayaquil on the 10(h of January, 1S63, with yel-
low fever, on her wayhome. Thebodvof Mr. Coggo-
sh tll.afrer his death, was buried at Quito, but your
committee are informed that it. hasMnee been dis-
interred and h now in a public warehouse. The
il tusrhrer tsbu>ied at Gu-iy.iquU orttheeo-ist. The
widow at.d f.an ly ot the deceased are entirely unable
to rai<5<  the means neee^,.ry to have the remains of
lion. V/. r.€' ??esh:iil and daughter brought to this
country. Is it not, the dutv of this Government to
do so? The committee think it i*. The committee
are informed by the Department of State that it will
probably require about one thousand dollars to se-
cure the removal of the remains of Mr. Coggesh 11
and his daughter to -this country, they therefore
recommend the passage of the bill, making au appro-
priation of that sum tor that purpose.
Letter of Hon. Samuel Shellubar&er.
Springfield, Ohio, March 2,1868.
Bear General : WilliamT.Oog{?e^hall,lateUiiited
States minister at Ecuador, died m that service, near
(£uito,in August last, fie went thither in infirm health
and took with him his daughter Jessie, who was an ab-
solutely ncees^ary companion and help for her father.
This daughter continued with him up to hisdeath.and
really discharged a large part of the basin ess of the
legation. This most interesting young lady died of
, yellow lever on the 10th day of January, 1868, at
| Guayaquil, on her way home. You will find at the
State i>epartmenf, IromE. Lee, our consul at Guaya-
quil, of the date of January Inst, a letter giving some
of the circumstances of her death. The body of the
father (and who rendered especial berviccs in the
matter of securing the rights of burial to Piotestants
at Quito) has since the revolution been disinterred,
and is now m a public warehouse. The daughter's
grave is at Guayaquil, and liable to deseciation at all
times. Both bodies ought to bo brought home, and
unless the Government should do :-o the family must.
The purpose ot the foregoing statement is to say to
you that thohingulaily mourn t ul cncumstanccso* this
ease, audthe very extraordinary expen^esatrending
it, make it a cju-e m which i think you will agree
there ought to be a special appropriation to cover
these expenses <fco. The widow, Mis. M try M. Cogge-
i shall, of Columbus, Ohio, and whom please address
touching this matter, has proceeded so tar in set. le-
nient ot the estate as to find that Ins compensation,
amounting in all to only about fifteen months, will
not pay the actual expenses of the mission ; and his
widow, with three children, will be leit absolutely
without means.
I beg you, should you deem it right, to introduce
(into an appropriation b il, if that may be under the
i nles) a bill for the relief ot tnU family. At the State
D- par;ment you will find many particulars not hero
given touching this ease.
1 am, yours, truly,
S. SHELL ABARGER.
Hon. X. P. B\nks.
Mr. CULLOM. T yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabaiigeii. ]
Mr. SHELLA liA UGEH. Mr. Speaker, 1
desire to propose an amendment, which I hope
the committee will accept, making an appro-
piiation for the relief of the family of Mr.
Coggeshall. I desire to move that the sum of
$1,000 be appropriated for that purpose ; and
with the permission of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Cullom,] and of the House, I
will brielly state my reasons for making this
proposition.
Mr. CULLOM. If the gentleman desires to
make a statement 1 will yield for that purpose,
and then say whether I shall yield to have the
amendment offered or not.
Mr. SUELLABAUGLUl. Mr. Speaker, if
1 could make the House comprehend the sin-
gularly \nouruful and distressing circumstances
brought to our notice in this bill, then it would
agieo with me that the small sum of $1,000
i have suggested should be adopted as an
am endment.
Mr. Coggeshall went to Ecuador in such a
state of health as to make the company of his
daughter, fifteen years old, almost a necessity,
and, sir, as it afterward turned out, her pres-
ence in that country proved to be a matter of
great importance to the public service. She
leally becamp, although only fifteen years of
age, the acting and efficient member of the
legation, rendering the Government, of the
Untied Stales, although of an age so tender as
that 1 have indicated, singularly valuable ser-
vices. Through her instrumentality our citi-
zens procured, what had before been denied,
the right of sepulture in favor of Protestants
dying there—a right deemed to be of so much
importance as to have attracted the attention
of the J3sitiv^h Government as well as of the
public journals of the United States. She
watched at his sick bedside until his death, and
alter his death remained there alone among
strangers. When she thought she could do so
with safety, she went down to the coast on her
way home. She got down to the coast with
'much difficulty, and when she had reached it
she was struck down and died of the yellow
lever, which was the prevailing epidemic. The
expanses of her father's sickness, and those
caused by other unusual circumstances, were
far more than the actual compensation of
our minister to Ecuador: so that this family
have really borne the burdens of that mission,
and, although now in distress, will still be left
to do so unless the Government shall appro-
priate for their relief the small sum 1 have
indicated in my amendment. I hope, there-
fore, there will be no objection to my amend-
ment.
Mr. CULLOM. The Committee on Foreign
Affairs, to which this matter was referred and
which reports this bill, felt very much impressed
with the peculiar circumstances with which it
is surrounded, and while the members of that
committee knew the facts stated by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, and were disposed to vote
an appropriation for the relief of this family,
they thought that the least they could do was
to provide for bringing home the remains of
this minister of the United States and his
daughter. The committee, I think I am safe
in saying, have no objection to the amendment
if the House shall ieel disposed to make the
appropriation. I will let the amendment be
offered; and I now yield to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr- Spaldisu.]
Mr. SPALDING. 1 knew Mr. Coggeshall
very well. He was one of the most intelligent
and patriotic citizens of Ohio. I know that
his family have been left in indigent circum-
stances on account of the sickness and death
of this minister, and his daughter, who has been
spoken of. Although f wish to economize the
public expenditures, still I shall vote lor this
small appropriation of $1,000 for the relief of
this distressed family.
Mr. in)OD. Mr. Speaker, I have no doubt
that tnis ivS a case which appeals to the sym-
pathy of the House, and it is really unfortunate
f<y gentlemen to be compelled to object to the
ppropriation of money under circumstances
such as have been stated by the gentleman from
Ohio and the gentleman from Illinois. But,
sir, we have many cases of this same charac-
ter; and it has never, 1 believe, been the policy
of the Government to make appropriations of
the public money for merely charitable pur-
poses. We have many instances of families
of men who held distinguished positions being
left in distress. We have the case of a family
of a chief justice of the United States whose
children are now dependent upon charity for
support—private and not public charity.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the geutleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. WOOD. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. Suppose the gentleman
or one of my colleagues here should die. would
the gentleman say it would be charily to send
the remains home? Is it not, on the comuuy,
a duty we owe to the remains and memory of
a deceased colleague? Therefore, if the gen-
tleman would refuse to pass this bill would he
not on the same principle also refuse to vote
for sending the remains of a dec-cased member
to his home ?
Mr. WOOD, Undoubtedly not, because we
have delegated power.? in the Congress of the
United States, and the money that we vote
does not belong to us. If 1, as  n individual,
bequeath or give money it is my own and for
ray own purposes. But the Government has
no power to take the money wrung from the
people Ivy taxation and make donations of it
lor private purposes. It is the principle I
object to. II we once commence this kind of
legislation there is no stop to it. If we vote a
thousand dollars in this case we tnay be called
upon next week to vote a hundred" thousand
dollars in another case, and so on hundreds of
millions for the purpose of bestowing charity
upon families of deceased persons. Although
I would very willingly unite with these gentle-
men, and contribute out of my own pocket a
sum to make up a thousand dollars, 1 shall
never vote to give one cent under existing cir-
cumstances.
Mr. CULLO.SL I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD; I ask my colleague [Mr.
Shellabarsee] to accept an amendment to his
amendment. Instead of saying that we pay
$1,000 for the relief of the family, let us say
