1869.
.13® €D.N GKESSKiNAL, GLOBE.
II m
has done this it certainly should be allowed
to be r^ieved from the requirements of the
national banking law. Bat I do not propose,
as my friend from Massachusetts suggests; that
the bank shall be required to payback in'-gold
the circulation it has received from the Gov-
ernment. . - - • 1
Mr. PRUYN. What difference does it make
to the Government whether a bank adoptsan-
othfer organization or not if it pays its debts?
M r.' PR 1-CE-. It makes this .difference, that
•.under the present law the Government lose.s
its tax upon the deposits, which is a very
considerable item. One half per cent, upon
$600,000,000 is a great deal .of money, and
this is what the Government now loses.
Mr. PRUYN. Why does the gentleman
censure the banks for doing what they are
allowed by law to do?
- Mr. PRICE. My friend from Massachusetts
"[Mr. Hooper] very aptly asks the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Pruts]-what difference
it makes if a man steals his pocket-book,
[laughter,] and I will leave them to settle this
question between themselves.
Mr. P.QMEROY, Mr.Spealtfir,leavingthoae
three sections, which I had not supposed would
give rise to any difference of.opinion upon this
floor, it seems to.me that the second section of
the bill meets the objection of the gentleman
fro in Massachusetts.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Before the gentleman
goes to-those sections I desire to call his atten-
tion to a fact which occurs to my mind.
Mr. POMEROY. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. INGERSOLL. One serious objection
to the second section as reported is this: now
there are $356,000,000 of legal-tender notes
out. There are also $300,000,000 of national
bank notes out. National banks under this
second section, by a vote of two thirds of the
directors, may go into liquidation, and under
this provision they have the right, to put in the
Treasury a sum equal to their circulation for
the purpose of the ultimate redemption of their
circulating notes. Am I right? iflamright,
what will be the natural effect of sucb -legisla-
tion as this? Why, «k,the national batiks will
then have it in their power to contract the cur-
rency to the extent of $350,000,000. They
have the power, if this bill becomes a law, to tie
up $350,000,000 of money, and thus'bring about
a contraction which some gentlemen insist is
necessary in order to secure a speedy resump-
tion of specie payment. How is this to be
done ?
Mr. POMEROY. How much time have I
left?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has eleven
minutes of his hour remaining.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I must resume the
floor in order to conclude my remarks.
■ Mr. INGERSOLL. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman a qaestion, and I have no doubt the
House will extend hia time eleven minutes
longer.
Mr, POMEROY. I will state to the gentle-
man from Illinois that. I do not propose to cur-
tail debate on this bill at all. I propose to
afford the fullest opportunity for discussion.
Mr. 1NGB RSOLL. I should like to get that
idea before the House which 1 had just began
to state.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to make a sug-
gestion. I do not desire to move the previous
question on it at this time, and if I have the
consent of the House 1 should like to have the
debate run on for an hour, and in the natural
order it would go over as the unfinished busi-
ness until next, week, when it would be reached
in its turn. In the mean time the bill could be
printed, together with such amendments as
gentlemen may wish to propose, so that we may
have the printed bill and the printed amend-
ments before us when the subject next comes
up for consideration. If there be no objection
I will make that motion.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Now, if there bo no
40th Cons. 3d Se«s.—No. 75.
objection, T will" move .that-the gentleman's
time be extended for .fifteen-minutes. ■
There was no objection; and it Was-ordered
accordingly.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I now ask the gentle-
man to yield to me.
Mr. POilEROY. I will-yield to the gen-
tleman from Illinois for three minutes. lean-
not give him any more time, as.there are other
m-erabers of the committee.-who wish to be
heard.
Mr. GRISWOLD. -I. should be glad if I
could .offer a resolution extending my col-
league's time up to half past four.o'clock, when
we take our recess.
Mr. -INGERSOLL. There is no objection
to that.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Yes, sir; I object.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Now, sir, I desire to
occupy my three -minutes.
Now, Mr. Speaker, when interrupted, I was
saying that tie effect of this bill is to put it
in the power of the national banks to lock up
$300,000,000-of greenbacks, and thereby con-
tract the currency to that extent and force
specie payment, if that can be done now. A
national bank with $180,000 of circulation
. takes that $180,000 in greenbacks and deposits
it in the United States Treasury as what? As
ultimate security for the circulating notes of
the hank. When are those notes going to be
preseuted for redemption ? This year or the
next. There is no law compelling a national
bank note to be presented within a certain
time for redemption. So if one bank has this
privilege, another bank may have it, and the
privilege may be exercised until we have our cur-
rency contracted to the extent of $300,000,000.
Three hundred million dollars of greenbacks
will be locked up for the purpose of redeeming
the $300,000,000 of national bank circulation.
A Member. The greenbacks will not be
locked up.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Greenbacks will be
locked up by this bill. The Comptroller of the
Currency has no right to issue these legal-ten
der.notes for the purposes of the Government,
but he must hold them and redeem the national
bank uotes whenever they are presented ; and
that may not be till specie payments have been
forced by the resumptionists, and then your
Government has got to redeem them in' gold
and not in greenbacks at all. I am against
the whole thing as it now stands if the Comp
troller of the Currency is to allow any such
course to be pursued. I am against the bill
reported by the committee, so fai' as this sec-
tion is concerned, if by any possibility it. allows
such a deplorable result to be forced upon the
country.
Mr. POMEROY. Without consuming any
more time on the first three sections of the bill,
I propose to make a very brief statement in
regard to the fourth section, upon which I had
expected and do now expect there will be con-
siderable diversity of opinion on this floor, as
there has been in the committee itself. You
will all recollect that when the national bank
system was first inaugurated the country was
in a very peculiar situation. Eleven States of
the Union had seceded, seven or eight of which
are now restored to their relations with the
Federal Union. They were not then in a con-
dition to avail themselves at all of the benefits
of the banking law. They were not restored
to a condition in which they could avail them-
selves of it until the present entire bank circu-
lation had been absorbed by other portions of
the country. Aside from that, tbe border
States naturally from their situation, being liable
to-depredations on both sides, if I may so say,
were not in a condition to establish a sound
and reliable banking system. Even in the
northern States, this banking capital being left
open for competition, was naturally principally
absorbed by the centers of capital, and did not
receive and could not receive in the^ then con-
dition of the country that equal distribution
jthat the best interest of the whota country
required.
And there is this further thing in regard to
the whole banking system as it now stands-:
that it is, so to speak, an arbitrary creations,
doing great good in its time, and yet owe whieh
has got to be changed and amended after tbe
work of reconstruction has become complete in
order, to doits perfect work.'" 1 take ft there
is no .one here who believes that through all
-coming time the bankingeapfital ofthe country
is to be owned by the stockholders" who no-W
circulate the $300,000,000 of national bank
notes, their heirs and associates forever. Snelr
an arbitrary, close system of banking is Con-
trary to the genius and spirit of tbe.American
:people ; and the banking system of'this coun-
try will never become what it ought to" be antil
it is left open to the free competition of all the
people of these United States as is every other
business interest. When we can reach redemp-
tion, then we can reach a free banking system,
and then we need not guess nor speculate any
longer what circulating medium the country
requires, nor where it is to be located, for tbi
laws of trade and commerce will adjust all that
for us. ■ • <
But for the present we are dealing with an
arbitrary svstem of banking, -which cannot be
th rownopen to free competition because there
is no system of redemption, and to throw it
open would lead to universal and ruinous
expansion. If Congress has been fickle in
many things, it has been steadfast at least in
this: that having fixed upon $300,000,000 as
the circulation of the national banks, it has
never swerved from it from the first day of the
adoption of that limit, it stands $300,000,000
to-day, and while i do not know whether it i3
too much or too little, and no other man does
or can know until we can come to a system of
free banking, yet I do trust and hope that
Congress iuthe future, until the day of resump-
tion shall come, will stand steadfast as in the
past and hold to that limit, which is safer than
to open it to undue expansion.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would like-to inquire
if the gentleman believes that undue expan-
sion would follow a free banking system based-
on three per cent. United States bonds, instead
of six per cent, bonds?
Mr. POMEROY. I think undue expansion
would follow any system of free banking that,
is not based on the representative of value
acknowledged throughout the commercial
world, and that is gold.
Nosv, sir, as I was saying, the banking system
was inaugurated in that peculiar situatian of
affairs in the history of this country, and the
result is to-day that tbe eight, States lately in
rebellion, now that they are restored and re-
habilitated with all their rights in the Union,
are to receive the same protection and encour-
agement to their industry and the same con-
sideration and protection to life, liberty, and
property, as the other States; and I presume
that they are to be considered also in connec-
tion with the national currency act and put iu
a condition where their interests may bo de-
veloped through the assistance of national
batiks. Now, the entire banking capital of
the country has become already absorbed. By
tbe existing law it is provided that banks with
a capital of 5500,000 or less may have ninety
per cent, of circulation upon depositing bonds;
banks with a capital of from five hundred thou-
sand to one million dollars may have eighty
per cent.; and banks with a .capital of from
one to three million dollars may have sixty per
cent.; and the currency has been actually dis-
tributed substantially upon the basis of banks
so organized with these respective capitals.
Now, in order to meet the wants especially
of the southern States, and also of the western
States and Territories which have not, banking
facilities such as they require, the Senate bill
proposes,™ substance,to withdraw $20,000,000
of banking capital pro rata from the banks in
the States that have more than their distrib-
utive share of circulation within one year and
distribute it to the States having less than live
dollars per head of such bank circulation. If
the bills are x\ai returned within a year after
demand-, then sufficient bonds ftre to be sold to
