1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40th Coot. ..3d >SfiS8.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
regiment of Kansas volunteers will soon be in
active service. With these it is designed during
the coming winter, the only time for efficient
operations, to punish the hostile Indians so
that they will not again resort to war, and to
collect them by force upon their reservations
and compel them there to remain. It is use-
less any longer to attempt the occupation of
these plains in common with these tribes. The
country is adapted only to grazing, which ne-
cessitates scattered settlements, while the
horses and cattle tempt the hungry Indian,
who, deprived of his accustomed subsistence,
will steal rather than starve, and will kill in
order to steal. \V ith such opposing interests
the races cannot live together, and it is the
Indians who must yield. They have been
assigned reservations which in fifty years will
enrich their descendants, and mean time they ,
must be fed while learning to cultivate the soil !
and rear domestic animals. I
But personal labor and restriction to one I
place being at variance with the hereditary
pride and habits of the Indian, the desired
result can only be obtained by coercion, and
it was for this reason that the peace commis-
sion, in view, too, of recent events, was im-
pelled to the conclusion, in their late report,
that the management of Indian affairs should
be again vested in the War Department, as
the only branch of the Government able to
use the required force promptly and without
the circumlocution unavoidable, no other De-
partment being able to act with such vigor
and promptness as to warrant any hope that
the plans and purposes of the commission
could be carried into execution.
The plan of the peace commission is by Gen-
eral Sherman believed to be the only means of
saving the Indians from total annihilation, and
he urges upon Congress its immediate adop-
tion. Meanwhile, his purposes are declared
to be to protect the Missouri river traffic and
the Union Pacific railroad with jealous care;
to gather in the wandering bands of Sioux to
the reservation selected north of Nebraska,
and feed and protect them to the extent of
his means, and to destroy or punish, to his
utmost power, the hostile Indians, till they
are willing to go and remain upon the reser-
vation assigned to them at Fort Cobb, where
he is prepared to provide for them to a limited
extent. This double policy, of peace within
their reservations and war without, must soon,
in his opinion, bring matters to a determina-
tion.
The appropriation of $500,000 for carrying
out the treaty stipulations and defraying the
expenses of the commission has been applied
to those objects: the outstanding accounts
amounting to about $150,000. and the balance
being applied to the care and support of the
Indians collected on the reservations.
The appropriation of §212,500 for the Nav-
ajo Indians of New Mexico, placed in charge
of General Sherman, has been intrusted to
General Getty, commanding in that Territory,
who will cause it to be properly expended. An
appropriation of 3150,000, under control of
the Interior Department, for the removal of
these Indians to their new reservation, was also
made; but the removal had already been
effected by the military authorities at a cost of
less than one third of that amount.
Military JJirisiuii of the Pacific.
This division, commanded by Major Gen-
eral Halleck, includes three military depart-
ments, embracing three States and four Terri-
tories, with an area of nearly 1,250,000 square
miles, more than 12,000 miles of sea-coast, and
''population of about 700,000 whites and
lo0,000^ Indians. Two regiments of cavalry,
one regiment of artillery, ami four regimeuts
of infantry compose the military force of the
division.
The dep artmcnt of Alaska, commanded by
Brevet Major General Davis, comprises the
territory^ lately known as Russian America.
Its area is about 578,000 square miles, and its
population about 2,000 whites and B0,000 half-
breeds and Indians. The military force of the
department consists of five companies of artil-
lery and one of infantry, distributed at six
military poste. The remarks of the department
commander respecting the best policy to pursue
toward the Indians, the needlessness of a civil
government for the Territory at present, and
his especial recommendation that no Indian
agents or superintendents be sent there at this
time, are commended to attention.
The department of the Columbia, commanded
by Brevet Major General Crook, includes the
State of Oregon and the Territories of Wash-
ington and Idaho. Its area is about 275,000
square miles, with a population of 130,000
whites and 35,000 Indians. Twenty companies,
distributed at fifteen military posts, constitute
the military force of the department. The i
Indian war, which for many years has been I
waged in this region, has by the skill and '
energy of General Crook been brought to a !
virtual termination. No depredations have '
lately been committed. A reduction of the
military force may probably be made next year.
The department of California, commanded '
by Brevet Major General Ord, includes the :
States of California and Nevada and the Terri- i
tory of Arizona, with an area of about 305,000 ;
square miles, and apopulation of 558,000 whites '
and 35,000 Indians. Forty-eight companies 1
of troops of all arms constitute the military '
force of the department, of which twenty-nine ,
companies are serving in Arizona alone, though !
the 8,000 inhabitants of the Territory are far i
from being satisfied with that number. !
The erection of Arizona into a separate mili- j
tary department, and an increase of the force, j
with a view to more energetic operations against '
the Apache, the worst of all Indians, is recom- j
mended by the division commander,who speaks 1
highly of the agricultural capacity of the Terri-
tory.
Department of the South.
The second and third military districts, com-
posed of the States of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, and Florida, i
were in August last, after the admission of
those States to representation in Congress, j
organized into the department of the South, !
and Major General George G. Meade assigned j
to the command. The department commander "
issued orders conforming the action of the i.
military to the changed state of affairs in the
several States, and adopted such measures as
to make the transition from military to civil |!
authority gradual and almost imperceptible, j
The troops have been so distributed through- j.
out the different States composing the depart- ji
ment that they could at any time be used to ,!
cooperate with and sustain the State authori- !j
ties: and the officers and men of the Army K
have, as a rule, conducted themselves in the j'
discharge of their delicate and responsible ij
duties in a manner creditable to themselves ,
and conducive to the best interests of the peo- |,
pie in the States where they are stationed. j!
Dtpartmeat of the Cumberland. ji
This department embraces the Statesof Ken- j!
tueky, Tennessee, and West Virginia, and is
commanded by Major General Thomas.to whose ;;
accompanying report attention is invited. He !
reports no improvement in the state of public ,
and social affairs, nor does he look for any im- !
mediate improvement. In some sections affairs '!
are decidedly worse, and generally the ne- ji
eessity for the presence of troops is as great as ij
heretofore. ji
The lawless operations of a mysterious or-
ganization known as the "lvu-Klux lilan,';
and the terror inspired by it in Tennessee, are
described at length, together with the action
taken by the State authorities and himself
respectively.
Considerable lawlessness is also reported as
prevalent in Kentuckyand the services of
troops have been called into requisition for the
protection of various Federal civil officers in
the discharge of their duties.
The attempts of certain railroad companies
to evade their obligations to the United States
are mentioned in the report.
Military Division of the Atlantic.
This division, composed of the department
of the Lakes, department of the East, and de-
partment of Washington, was created by order
of the President on the 12th of February, 1868,
and Lieutenant General Sherman assigned to
its command, with headquarters at Washing-
ton. General Hancock, however, was after-
i ward substituted for General Sherman, and
i assumed command on the last day of March.
Th_e division^ embraces the States of Ohio,
Michigan, Indiana, Illinois, and Wisconsin,
the New England States, New York, New
Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland, and Dela-
ware, and the District of Columbia.
! No military operations have taken place in
the division since its establishment, though
' reports of intended Fenian movements against
Canada have from time to time been made.
The headquarters of the division have re-
cently been transferred to New York city.
Department of Louisiana.
The department of Louisiana, consisting of
the States of Louisiana and Arkansas, was
1 organized on the 28th of July, after the admis-
sion of those States to representation in Con-
gress, and Brevet Major General L. H. Rousseau
assigned to the command. Prior to the arrival
. of General Rousseau at the headquarters, on
t the 15th day of September, Brevet Major Gen*
i eral It. C. Buchanan commanded the depart-
1 ment.
I The duties of the department commander
i have been principally to preserve the peace
' and sustain the State authorities of the newly
organized State governments of Louisiana and
Arkansas. The difficulties experienced in
' carrying out these objects, and the means
■ adopted to overcome those difficulties, are set
forth in his report.
First Military District.
This district consists of the State of Virginia,
and is commanded by Brevet Major General
George Stoneman, who succeeded Brevet Major
General J. M. Schofield on the 1st of June.
The military force of this district is composed of
two regiments of infantry and one company of
artillery, which force has been found sufficient
to protect the citizens in their lives and prop-
erty and preserve the peace in the district. In
pursuance of the policy pursued in the district
ever since its formation the State courts and
civil authorities generally throughout the State
have been permitted to exercise the functions
appertaining to their respective offices, subject,
however, to appeal to the military authorities
by any person who might conceive that injus-
tice had been done him by their action.
The constitutional contention, called under
the reconstruction acts of Congress, which was
in session at the date of the last annual report,
framed a constitution to be submitted to the
people, but in consequence of Congress having
failed to make the necessary appropriation for
defraying the expenses of an election, if was
not so submitted, the district commander re-
ferring the matter of the appropriation, as well
as designating a day for the election, to Con-
gress, which has, as yet, failed to designate
the day, although the necessary appropriation
was made at its last session. The delicate and
perplexing questions growing out of the re-
moval of civil officers, the appointment of
others in their places qualified for their posi-
tions and eligible under the reconstruction acts,
are pointed out, and the repeal of the nth sec-
tion of the act of Congress passed July 19,1807,
recommended.
