1889.
IMfe-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
238
that we pay to the widow of Mr. Coggeshall
$1,000 ibr the services of his daughter to the
Government in the mission after the death of
her father.
Mr. BROOMALL. That is better.
Mr. _ WASHBURNE; of Illinois. I raise
the point of order that the amendment makes
an appropriation, "and should receive its first
consideration in the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER, The point is m«,detoo late,
the amendment, having been debated.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stood it was offered to be read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr Cullom] allowed it to be offered,
and it lias been debated.
Mr. CULLOM. I will move the previous
question, and then yield.
Mr. GARFIELD. is my amendment pend-
ing?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Yes, sir; it is ac-
cepted.
The SPEAKER. Then the point of order
made by the gentleman from Illinois is in time,
the amendment being changed.
Mr. GARFIELD. It will not change the
amount, only the. language of the amendment.
The SPEAKER. A modification would.now
make it subjt-ct to a point of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I insist
upon the point of order.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then I withdraw the
atnendmpnt.
Mr. CULLOM. I call the previous question
on the bill and pending amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CULLOM. I now yield to the gentle-
man from OTiio.
Mr. GARFIELD. I very much regret that
my friend from Illinois did not allow my
amendment to be offered. I think if he will
listen to me a moment he will see a reason for
the amendment, which was not fully developed
by my colleague, [Mr. SutiLLABARGiiR.] After
the death of Mr. Coggeshall, his daughter, who
was serving as his clerk, performed all the
duties of the mission, and performed them
thoroughly and creditably for three months,
until she herself died. She not being an ap-
pointee direct of the Government, tlieie was no
law for paying her anything for that period of
three months' iVuhlul service performed for
and accepted by the Government, and not one
dollar has ever been paid. The amount pro-
posed to be added by my colleague for this
service, $1,000, is a small compensation under
all the circumstances of the case. 1 do not
&hk, therefore, that we give this sum out of
sympathy for the family, but for services ren-
dered by the young lady after herfather's death
iti performing all the duties and discharging all
the functions of the office so far as she couid
do them, and 1 believe she did all there was to
be done. I hope my friend from Illinois will
allow the words to be changed.
Mr. WASHBURNE. offllinois. If the gen-
tleman will yield, with the consent of my col-
league 1 would like to say a word.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I regret to
have to oppo e these matters continually, but
1 wish to call the attention of the House to the
proposition before it. 1 know with how much
reluctance members are.disposed to oppose any
of these things, but I ask gentlemen to look
sit this matter. The original appropriation is
entirely exceptional, but I was not disposed to
interpose any objection to it. The committee
proposed to make an appropriation of $1,000
lor the purpose of bringing home the body of
the minister and his daughter. That is what I
understand it to be.
Mr. CULLOM. That is it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know that we have ever passed a law of this
kind. I do not know that the Government has
ever undertaken at its own expense to bring
back the bodies of its ministers. _ I do not
know that the Government undertakes now to
bring back at the public expense the bodies ol
the soldiers -frho have Fallen in defense bf the
country. But the Cotnmittee on Foreign Af-
fairs have brought in this bill to pay the amount
necessary to bring back the bodies of Mr.
Coggeshall and his daughter. I was not dis-
posed to interfere with that., but when they
come in-with an amendment which hasnotijeen
considered by any committee of the House to
give $1,000 additional, I say that I have a right
to protest. 1 do not believe that we !have any
right or authority to t&'ke $1,000-out <of the
Treasury and give it to this family any more
than we have to vote money to the thousands
and tens of thousands of families who have
suffered by the war and in other ways. That
isthe objection! have to it; and had 1 supposed
that the amendment was offered for considera-
tion I should have made tlie point of order at
the time it was read, but I supposed that it was
read only for information. This amendment
has not been considered by a committee. It
makes an appropriation, and should go to the
Committee of the Whole. And I say, independ-
ent of all that, it is an appropriation which wo
ought not to make on principle.
Sir. GARFIELD. I notice that my friend
from Illinois has not, in his remarks, made the
least allusion to the statement which 1 have
made and which nobody here will contradict.
I desire to state in the outset that the first
papers in this case were sent to me, 1 believe,
because my colleague from tlio Columbus dis-
trict [Mr. Shi5L1,abai:gek] was not here. I
was well acquainted with the deceased minis-
ter, and 1 believe 1 laid the first papers before
the committee. The gentleman has not taken
the slightest notice of the statement I have
made, that for three months this young lady
perl'otmed all the duties or transacted all the
business; kept the books, and did all that a
charge d'affaires would have done under the
eircumstances.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Where is
the evidence of that? Has it been examined
by any committee, and has that committee
reported the facts, and does that report go on
the records of the House as a justification for
us to vote this appropriation?
Mr. GARB'lELD. 1 do not know what the
committee have to say upon this subject; I
should be very glad to hear from them ; .but.
1 assert as a fact what I have stated, and I have
never heard it contradicted. It has been writ-
ten to me again and again. The mother of
this deceased daughter so wrote in her letter.
Several prominent citizens of Columbus, Gov-
ernor Denison among the rest, wrote.tlie same
thing also, and 1 have never heard a contra-
diction ; the gentleman does not'himseif con-
tradict it. He only makes the point that there
is no official report.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I want to
know it officially before I am called upon to
vote this money. If my constituents come and
ask me why I voted for this, I want to be able
to refer them to the report of a committee.
The word of the gentleman would satisfy me,
but it might not satisfy my constituents, who
do not know him as well as 1 do.
Mr. GARFIELD. I trust we shall vote this
amount.
Mr. CULLOM. I yield now to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. This case seems to pre-
sent itself involving two propositions. The
first comes from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and that is a proposition to pay the
expenses attendant'upon bringing home the
body of the minister and the body of his child.
The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wash-
burse.] with his usual guardianship over the
Treasury, for which we all commend him, ob-
jects that it is exceptional. I say it is not
exceptional. I say that a representative of the
Government abroad is as much a civil officer,
entitled to its consideration, as would be the
gentleman from Illinois if he were called away
from us: and every session we perform the
lamentable duty of sending home at the public
expense the bodies of gentlemen who die, un-
fortunately for the country, here while in the
public service. At some'expense we' sent homl}
the body of oar late lamemed President; ana
if I mistake not, the body ef Mr. <Oooley was
brought home from Peru many years ago under
like circumstances, and at the p-'blie expense.
There is nothing in this precedent which should
lead the gentleman to object to the proposi-
tion reported from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Now, what are the facts in regard to the
proposition of my colleague, [Mr. Shellabar-
GEe,] and how is it, sustained? The proposi-
tion is to pay another $1,000 for services ren-
dered by this young lady. I think my -colleague
[Mr. Garfield] states the matter too strongly
when he says she discharged the duty of the
United'Slates minister there.
Mr. GARFIELD. I said the "duties of a
charge d'affaires."
Mr. SCHENCK. I happen to have become
acquainted with the fact that after the death
of her father this young lady took charge of
the public papers and correspondence of the
office, and saw that they were properly taken
care of, at considerable trouble to herself and
delay in the country. That fact being noto-
rious, it is proposed to amend the proposition
coining from theCommitteeon Foreign Affairs,
which alone is liable to the exception made
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wash-
nunxE,] and which objection is not sustained
by the constant practice of this House. It is
now proposed to amend the bill by adding a
proposition to pay this small sum for the ser-
vices of this young lady. Now, with all my
disposition to aid my friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Wasuisurne,] whenever I can consist-
ently do so, in watching the Treasury, I do not
feel disposed to put my nt.me upon the record
against such a reasonable proposition as this.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. SchejtCk] has
misstated my position. I said I was not dis-
posed to make any objection to the proposi-
tion reported from the committee. I was dis-
posed to le't that go, but I was entirely opposed
to the other proposition.
Mr. BANKS. I do not think the proposition
for extra compensation for services rendered
by the daughter was before the committee. The
committee formed its judgment from the facts
attending the death of Mr. Coggeshall. In
regard to that matter I think the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Wasimurne] is mistaken.
It is the custom of the State Department when
a minister dies abroad to pay the expenses of
transporting his body home. In this case the
father and daughter died at the same time——
Mr. GARBTELD. Not at the same time.
Mr. BANKS. Very well; they both died
abroad. The family did not desire to separate
the bodies, and although according to custom
the State Department had authority to pay the
expenses of transporting the remains of the
father to this country, it had no right to pay
the expenses of transporting to this country the
remains of the daughter. E\>r this reason the
family has appealed to Congress for relief.
The Committee on Foreign Affairs recommend
the passage of this bill, which is to pay for the
expense of transporting to this country the
remains of the daughter.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. WaSH-
iscrne] says the Government does not trans-
port home the remains of the soldier. Sir,
the gentleman is incorrect in that statement.
The body of each soldier who fell in the service
of his country has been buried at the expense
of the Government. The remains of our fallen
soldiers have been transported according to
the wishes of their friends and of the Gov-
ernment, and they have been buried upon the
places where they fell. And where should a
soldier rest if not where he fell in defense of
bis country? This bill is in exact conformity
with the practice of the Government in regard
to soldiers. I would not object to the payment
for services; but I do not think that subject
was brought distinctly before the comtn'rttfee.
Mr. CULLOM. Mr. Speaker, as I sfated
in the outset when appealed fo te alio"?? the
