2U
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
amendment to be offered, the committee de-
termined, notwithstanding the peculiar cir-
cumstances surrounding this case, to report in
favor of nothing but what seemed to be the
absolute duty of the Government in the prem-
ises. Mr. Coggeshall was appointed minister
on the 4th of JUay, 1866, and immediately %f|er
his appointment departed for Ecuador, taking
with him his daughter, who acted as his inter-
preter and secretary. On the 2d of August,
1867, after serving as minister for about fifteen
months, he died. His daughter remained in
possession of all the property and papers be-
longing to the ministry. It has been shown
by the papers in the case that she actually had
personal charge of the property belonging to
the ministry for quite a length ot' time after the
de&th of her father. On the 10th of January,
1868, about five months after the death of Mr.
Coggeshall, his daughter died, about the time
she was getting ready to start for her home in
the United States. She died at Guayaquil,
being in fact on her way from Quito, where
the ministry was located, to the United States.
Mr. GARFIELD. Thegentleman will allow
me to say, in reply to the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [ilr. W'asbburne,] that the letter of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Suellabarger] is
made a part of the report of the committee ;
and that letter distinctly declares that this
young lady performed a large part of the duties
of the legation.
Mr. CULLOM. So I stated.
Mr. GARFIELD. Thegentleman from Illi-
nois said a moment ago that the fact of the
service rendered by Miss Coggeshall did not
appear in any report.
Mr. CULLOM. The papers themselves show
that this service was rendered. But notwith-
standing all these facts the committee, being
desirous to give their sanction to no precedent
to which the House or the country could pos-
sibly object, determined to report nothing but
what, according to the report of the Secretary
ot State, is absolutely necessary to bring home
to the United States the bodies of Mr. Cogge-
shall, our late minister, and his daughter, w"ho
acted as his secretary. The committee having
information before them that the family of Mr.
Coggeshall are in almost destitute circum-
stances felt very much inclined to report in
favor of some appropriation for their benefit.
Yet in order to avoid sanctioning any prece-
dent to which the House could possibly object,
we concluded to report a mere appropriation
of the amount absolutely necessary to pay I'oi
bringing home the remains of the father and the
daughter.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. CULLOM. Certainly.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 desire to in quire whether
it is not apparent from the statement filed with
the committee by my colleague, [Mr. Sjiei.la-
UAitGEU,] and from the facts appearing before
the committee, that this young girl remained
in that country and rendered this service after
the decease of her father for a period of at
least three months?
Mr. CULLOM. The father died on the 2d
of August, 1867; the young girl died on the
10th ot January, 1808, just as she was about
to leave that country for the United States.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then she remained there
performing service for five months. Now, 1
desire to make a suggestion to the House. My
colleague. [Mr. Shbllabarger,] in naming the
amount fixed in his amendment, did not intend
to try the patience of the House by asking us to
adjust this account according to the strict rule
of Jaw and equity between this deceased girl
and the Government; for if we were to pay the
compensation to which in equity she would have
been entitled I venture to say that any just
man. upon an inspection of the papers in this
ease, would declare the amount named by my
colleague too small under the regulations of
existing law. It does seem to me, under the
circumstances, that it would be trifling with all
decency and all justice for the House to refuse
this pitiful allowance of Si,000 for the five
months' service rendered by this yonng girl
without compensation. • This amount in the
currency in which it will be paid would not
have covered her expenses during the time that
she remained in Ecuador and took charge of
the papers of the Government.
Mr.,CDLLOM. I recognize fuljy the merits
of this case £ s presented by the gentleman from
Ohio, who knew Mr. Coggeshall. I desire to
state in addition that there are other peculiar
circumstances surrounding this case which have
not yet been mentioned. Immediately upon
his arrival in Ecuador as our minister he got
into a controversy with that Government as to
the right of our Protestant citizens to the rite of
sepulture in the burying grounds of the coun-
try. He succeeded in securing that right for
American citizens dying there—a right pre-
viously denied. We owe this to the urgent and
earnest efforts of our minister, Mr. Coggeshall.
After this a revolution broke out in the coun-
try, and our minister's body has been dug up
and placed in a public warehouse, where it now
is, and this bill proposes to have it brought
home. After we have appropriated three
quarters of a million for the transportation and
burial of the bodies of our soldiers, all of which
I approve, I do not think we can consistently
refuse to pass this bill for the purpose of bring-
ing home the body of a faithful servant who
died in the exercise of his public functions.
Without taking up further time I will now ask
for a vote.
The question recurred on Mr. Siiellabab-
UEit's amendment; and on a division there
were—ayes 70, noes 4G.
Mr. BENJAMIN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the atlirmative—yens 72, nays 00, not voting
TH; as follows :
YEAS—Mossrs. Allison, Anderson. Archer, James
M. Ashley, Banks, Barnes, Jieatty, Bingham, Bolt's,
Boyden, Broomali, Buckland, Itodcrick It. Butler,
Cake, Callis, Clary, Reader VV.Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Ulift, Coburn, Corley, Cullom, Eckley, Edwards,
Egglcston, Ferriss, French, Garfield, Cross, Gove,
Giavely, Ileaton, fligby, iiotchkiss, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Alexander 11. Jones, Judd, Julian. Kel-
logg, Koontz, Lash, Mallory, Maynanl, McCarthy,
Miller, Morrell, Mullins, Myers,_ INorris, O'jNeiil,
Paine, Vottis, Pierce, IMants, Prince, Robertson,
Sawyer, Schenck, Shanks, Sheilabarger, Spalding,
Stokes, Stover, Sypher, Tift, Twichell, Van Aernain,
Yidal, Wolker, Whittemore, and John X. Wilson—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Betos 11. Ashley, jBaker, Baldwin,
Barnum, Beaman, Beck, Benjamin, Benton, Bout-
well, Boyer, Brouiwell, Brooks, Buckley, Ohanler,
Churchill, Deweose, Dockery, Eliot, i'arnsworth,
Get'/., Glossbrcnner, (!olla.dny, Grover, Hamilton,
Ilawkims, Hill, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hun-
ter, Johnson, Kelley, Kelsey, Kctcham, Kitchen,
L.diin, George V. Lawrence, Loughiidge, McCor-
mick, MoKee, Moore, Newcomb, IN iblack, Perhani,
Poland, Polsley, Price, Scofieid, Starkweather, Stew-
art, Stone, Tabur, Tafi'e, Taylor, Xhowa.s, Lawrence
S. Trimble, Upson, Van Auken, Van Trump, Van
Wyek, ElihuB.Washburne, William Williams, James
F. Wilson, Wood, Woodbridge, Woodward, and
Young—1>6.
-NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Amos, Arnell,
Axtell. Bailey, Blackburn, Blaine, Blair, Bowen,
Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Cobb, Cook, Cornell, Co-
vode, Dawes, Delano, Dickey, Dixon, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Ela, Eldridge, Ferry. Fields, Fox,
Griswold, Haight, llalsoy, Harding, Haughcy, llol-
man, Ilooper, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Rich-
ard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr,
Knott, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan,
Lynch, Marshall, Marvin, MeCullough, Mercur,
Moorhead, Morrissey, Mungen, Newbham, Nichol-
son, Ivunu, Orth, Peters, Phelps. Pike, Pile, Pome-
roy, Pruyn, liandall, Ruum, Robinson, Roots, Ross,
Selye, Sitgrcaves, Smith, Stevens, John Trimble,
Trowbridge, Burt Van Horn, Robert X. Van Horn,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry D. Wash-
bum, William B. Washburn, Thomas Williams,
Stephen 1<. Wilson, and Windorn—73.
So the amendment was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. BARNES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Robinson. was called home by death in his
family.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr, CULLOM demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table. ^
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the president.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Moore,
his Private Secretary; and also a message noti-
fying the House that he had, on the 22d of
December last, approved and signed bills of
the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 1555) to amend an aet
entitled "An act imposing taxes on distilled
spirits and tobacco, and tor other purposes,"
approved July 20, 1868 ; and
An act (H. K. No. 1556) to relieve certain
persons of all political disabilities imposed by
the fourteenth article of the amendment to the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the various bills,
&c., were referred: and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sympathy with crete.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following message
of the President of the United States :
To the Ilouie of liepreseiitatives :
I transmit to the House of Representatives a report
from the Secretary of State, with accompanying
papers, in relation to the resolution or Cougress, ap-
proved July 20, 1337, declaring sympathy witn the
suffering people of Crete.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, January 4.1869.
Mr. BANKS. 1 move that it be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. CHANLEK. is discussion in order?
The SPEAKER. It would be, but the Chair
will withdraw it if any gentleman wishes to
discuss it, until it is regularly reached by a
vote of the House. The Chair asks unani-
mous consent to lay it before the House, so
that the table may be cleared. When the House
proceeds to this business regularly it may be
debated.
The message, by unanimous consent, was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
issue of bo.nds.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication Irom the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting a statement required by
act ot April 12, 1866, relative to the issuing
and avails of bonds ; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Appropriations, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 1590) making appropriations for
the support of the Military Academy for the
fiscal year tiding June SO, 1870; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and made
the special order for to-morrow after the morn-
ing hour, and from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 reserve the usual objec-
tion to any special legislation.
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois. I do not
thiuk there is any special legislation. There
may be some little things.
SAMUEL T. ATKINSON.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. Iask unanimous con.
sent to introduce a bill to relieve Samuel T-
Atkinson, a citizen of South Carolma,of polit-
ical or legal disabilities.
Mr. MULLINS. I object.
WELLS, PARGO AND COMPANY.
^ Mr. WASHBXJRNE, of Illinois. I ask unan-
imous consent to make a siatement of two
minutes.
No objection was made.
