lb
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
November 20,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of War.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Second Military District.
At the date of the last report of the Secre-
tary of War the second military district, com-
posed of the States of North Carolina and
South Carolina, was under command of Brevet
Major General E. R. S. Canby. The principal
duties of the district commander were those
assigned him by the reconstruction acts, under
■which he so established thejury system in the
States composing his district that thejnry lists
embraced all citizens who .were identified with
the community in which they resided by the
payment of taxes, and were mentally and
morally qualified for the proper performance
of jury duty. Measures were adopted for the
purpose of securing quiet and order by the
enforcement of the State laws for the preven-
tion and punishment of crimes, through and by
means of the local authorities, and not to
interfere with the usual mode of procedure,
except where the proper civil authorities re-
fused or failed to act, or where it became man-
ifest that from past politicalaction, or by reason
of prejudice against color or caste, impartial
justice would not be administered.
In both North and South Carolina elections
were held for the purpose of deciding whether
there should be a convention for framing a new
constitution for the State and electing dele-
gates to the convention. The elections passed
off quietly, and a majority of the electors hav-
iug voted for a convention the delegates were
called together, and after having framed a
constitution which was submitted to the peo-
ple and adopted by them, and the Representa-
tives elected under that constitution admitted
to their seats in Congress, under the act of
Congress of June 23, 1868, the military dis-
trict ceased to exist, and was merged into the
department of the South, under command of
Major General Meade.
Third Military District.
At the date of the last annual report the third
military district consisted of the States of Geor-
gia, Alabama, and Florida, and was under com-
mand of Brevet Major General John Pope, who
remained in command until the 6th day of Jan-
uary, 1S68, when he was relieved by Major
General George G. Meade, who assumed com-
mand in compliance with orders from the War
Department.
At the time Major General Meade assumed
command the condition of affairs in the several
States composing his district was as follows:
In Georgia a convention, elected under the
reconstruction laws, was in session at Atlanta,
but hampered and embarrassed for want of
funds.
In Alabama a convention had met, framed
a constitution, nominated a ticket for State
officers, and adjourned.
In Florida an election had been held for
members of a convention, but under General
Pope's orders was not to meet until the 20th
of January.
During General Meade's administration the
following events occurred prior to the discon-
tinuance of the district:
In Georgia, the officers of the State govern-
ment having refused to recognize the authority
of the district commander, because, as the
Governor alleged, the reconstruction acts were
unconstitutional, General Meade removed the
Governor and two other officers of the State
government and appointed officers of the Army
to their positions, who continued to fulfill the
duties with faithfulness and efficiency until the
qualification of State officers elected underthe
new constitution, which was framed by the con-
vention and ratified by the people.
In Alabama the constitution framed by the
convention was submitted to the people, and
although in the opinion of General Meade it
was rejected by the people it was adopted by
Congress.
In Florida the convention assembled, and
after a great deal of bickering and dissension
adopted a constitution, which was subsequently
ratified by the people of the State.
Congress having admitted the States of
Georgia, Alabama, and Florida to represent-
ation in Congress, orders were issued from
headquarters of the Army dated July 28, 1858,
discontinuing the third military district, and
assigning the States composingfito the depart-
ment of the South.
Fourth Military District.
At the date of the last annual report this
district comprised the States of Arkansas and
Mississippi, and was commanded by Brevet
Major General E. 0. C. Ord, who was relieved
011 the 8th day of January last by Brevet Major
General Alvan C. Gillem. On the 28th of
July last Arkansas, having, in compliance with
the reconstruction acts, adopted a constitution
and been admitted to representation in Con-
gress, was detached from the fourth military
district and attached to the department of
Louisiana. The State of Mississippi, having
rejected the constitution submitted by the con-
vention convened under the reconstruction acts,
is still retained as a military district.
The citizens of the State of Mississippi have
devoted themselves to repairing the losses
resulting from the war, and the following extract
from the report shows the present agricultural
and financial condition of affairs in the State:
"Thanks to energy and industry, favored by a good
season, a n abundant crop of corn—more than ayear's
supply, and by some estimated as a supply sufficient
for two years—has been securcd, while the yield of
cotton in the State is very great, estimated as high as
350,000 baies. At present prices this wilt produce
more than $30,000,000."
The civil courts have continued to dispense
justice under the supervision of the military
authorities, and there has been no necessity for
the use of the troops stationed in the State.
Fifth Military District.
This district, composed of the States of
Louisiana and Texas, at the date of the last
report was under the temporary command of
Brevet Major General Mower, until the arrival
of Major General Hancock on the 29th Novem-
ber last, when that officer assumed and exer-
cised command until relieved on the 28th of
March, 1868, the command of the fifth military
district being devolved, first upon Brevet Major
General Reynolds, and subsequently upon Bre-
vet Major General Buchanan.
The State of Louisiana having adopted a con-
stitution and been admitted to representation
in Congress, orders were issued from head-
quarters of the Army on the 28th of July, 1808,
reducing the fifth military district to the State
of Texas, and assigning Brevet Major General
J. J. Reynolds to the command.
General Reynolds reports the existence of
armed secret organizations in the State, the
objects of which seem to be to "disarm, rob,
and in many cases murder Union men and
negroes, and, as occasion may offer, murder
United States officers and soldiers." "The
murder of negroes is so common as to render
it impossible to keep an accurate account of
them." '"These organizations are evidently
countenanced, or at least not discouraged, by
a majority of the white people in the counties
where the bands are most numerous. They
could not otherwise exist." " Free speech and
free press, as the terms are generally under-
stood in other States, have never existed in
Texas."
In consequence of this state of affairs Gen-
eral Reynolds has found it necessary to with-
draw troops from the frontier posts " to such
an extent as to impair their efficiency for pro-
tection against Indians; but the bold, whole-
sale murdering in the interior of the State
seems at present to present a more urgent de-
mand for troops than Indian depredations."
DISCIPLINE OF THE ARMY.
During the short time I have had charge of
the War Department it has been my constant
aim to systematically reduce the expenses of
the Department; to improve the discipline and
efficiency of the Army; to prosecute such ex-
periments in engineering and ordnance, and
to continue such instruction of the officers and
men as are necessary to the perfection of our
military establishment; to give all needful
strength to the forces operating against hostile
Indians; and to give the greatest practicable
assistance to the civil authorities in the States
where recently organized governments need
military support.
The discipline of the Army is believed to be
better than at any previous time since the late
war. The efficient action of courts-martial,
with prompt executive confirmation, has re-
sulted in dismissal from the service of a con-
siderable number of unworthy officers and
exemplary punishment of others. Provision
has also been made, under authority of the acts
of Congress approved August 8, 1861, and June
25, 1864, for dropping from the rolls of the
Army, upon the report of an examining board,
such officers as may be unfit for the service by
reason of intemperate or vicious habits. These
measures, having the earnest support of the
great body of officers, have already produced
beneficial results, and cannot fail soon to relieve
the Army of such officers as have proved wholly
unworthy, and to reform such as have only
temporarily yielded to temptation; From thor-
ough discipline and efficiency among the officers
the same essential qualities among the enlisted
men follow as a matter of course.
INDIANS.
I refer to the report of Lieutenant General
Sherman for an instructive statement of facts
and valuable suggestions in respect to Indian
affairs. I believe it manifest that an important
change should be made in our mode of dealing
with the Indians. While good faith and sound
policy alike require us to strictly observe exist-
ing treaties so long as the Indians maintain
like good faith, when any tribe has violated its
treaty it should no longer be regarded as a
nation with which to treat, but as a dependent
uncivilized people, to be cared for, fed when
necessary, and governed.
It is manifest that any branch of the public
serviee cannot be efficiently and economically
managed by two Departments of the Govern-
ment. If the Interior Department can alone
manage Indian affairs, and thus save the large
expense of the Army iti the Indian country,
very well. But if the Army must be kept there
for the protection of railroads and frontier set-
tlements, why not require the Army officers to
act as Indian agents, and thus save all the ex-
pense of the civilians so employed. Besides,
an Army officer has liis military reputation and
commission at stake, and is subject to trial by
court-martial for any misconduct in office.
Thus is afforded the strongest possible security
the Government can have for an honestadmin-
istration of Indian affairs by officers of the
Army, while the civilian agent, being only a
temporary officer of the Government, and prac-
tically exempt from trial and punishment for
misconduct, gives the Government the least
possible security for honest administration.
For the sake of economy to the Government,
for the sake of more efficient protection to the
frontier settlements, and for the sake of justice
to the Indians, I recommend that the manage-
ment of Indian affairs be restored to the War
Department, with authority to make regula-
tions for their government and for their pro-
tection against lawless whites.
MILITARY AID TO STATE GOVERNMENTS.
The relation of the Army t,o the civil author-
ities in the States recently restored to civil
government has been a subject of no little per-
plexity.
While those governments were yet imper-
fectly organized, lacking, to a great extent, the
sympathy and support of the most influential
citizens, without organized police or militia
