1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Ho. of Eeps.
forces, without arms and without money, and ;
without even authority of law to organize and
arm a rniiitia, the military government, which i
the peopie had learned by more than three '
years'experience to rc!y upon for protection of j
life and property, was suddenly withdrawn.
Immediately followed an exciting political can-
vass, having for its alternative results, in pop-
ular expectation, the support or overthrow of
those newly-formed governments. The result
has been unusual disposition to lawlessness and
crime and comparative inefficiency of civil gov-
ernment in those States.
The only laws of Congress providing for the
employment of the military force of the United
States in support of the government of any
State were passed in the infancy of the Repub-
lic, with a jealous care to avoid undue inter-
ference by the national Government in State
affairs, and not designed for such a condition
of society as now exists in the southern States.
Hence, with an earnest desire to do all in the
power of the Executive to preserve peace in
those States, and enable the people to .fairly
decide at the polls the exciting questions in-
volved in the canvass, it has been found possi-
ble to attain these objects only in an imperfect
degree, but it is believed that, considering the
difficulties of the situation, there is abundant
reason to be satisfied with the comparative good
order that has prevailed throughout the coun-
try. The instructions issued from this Depart-
ment, with the President's sanction, for the
government of department commanders, and
correspondence with those commanders and
Governors of States, are submitted with t-his
report for the information of Congress.
J. M. SCHOFIELD,
Secretary of War.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Treasury Department,
December 1, 1868.
In compliance with the requirements of law
the Secretary of the Treasury has the honor
to make to Congress the following report:
In his former communications the Secretary
has expressed so fully his views upon the great '
subjects of the currency, the revenues, and the
public debt, that it may be thought quite un-
necessary for him again to press them upon
the attention of Congress. These subjects,
however, have lost none of their importance ;
on the contrary, the public mind during the
past year has been turned to their considera-
tion with more absorbing interest than at any
former period. The Secretary will therefore,
be trusts, be pardoned for restating some of
the views heretofore presented by him.
If there is any question in finance or politi-
cal economy which can be pronounced settled
by argument and trial it is that inconvertible
and depreciated paper money is injurious to
public and private interests, a positive politi-
cal and financial evil for which there can be
hut one justification or excuse, to wit: a tem-
porary necessity arising from an unexpected
and pressing emergency ; and it follows, con-
sequently, that such a circulation should only
be tolerated until, without a financial shock,
it can be withdrawn or made convertible into
specie. If an irredeemable bank-note circu-
lation is an evidence of bankrupt or badly
managed banking institutions, which should
be deprived of their franchises, or compelled
to husband and make available their resources
in order that they may be prepared at the
earliest day practicable to take up their dis-
honored obligations, why should not an irre- ,
deeraable Government currency be regarded
as an evidence ot' bad management of the
national finances, if not of national bank-
ruptcy ? And why should not such wise and
equal revenue laws be enacted, and such
economy in the use of public moneys be en-
forced, as will enable the Government either
judiciously to fund or promptly to redeem its
broken promises?
The United States notes, although declared
by law to be lawful money, are, nevertheless,
a dishonored and disreputable currency. The
fact that they are a legal tender, possessing
such attributes of money as the statute can
give tbem, adds nothing to their real value,
but makes them all the more dishonorable to
the Government and subversive of good morals.
The people are compelled to take as money
what is not money; and becoming demoralized
by its constantly changing value, they are in
danger of losing that sense of honor in their
dealings with the Government and with each
other which is necessary for the well-being of
society. It is vain to expect on the part of
the people a faithful fulfillment of their duties
to the Government as long as the Government
is faithless to its own obligations; nor will
those who do not hesitate to defraud the public
revenues long continue to be scrupulous in
their private business. Justifiable and neces-
sary as the measure was then regarded, it is
now apparent that an unfortunate step was
taken when irredeemable promises were issued
as lawful money ; and especially when they
were made a valid tender in payment of debts
contracted when specie was the Segal as well
as the commercial standard of value. The
legal-tender notes enabled debtors to pay their
debts in a currency largely inferior to that which
was alone recognized as money at the time they
wereincurred, andthus the validity of contracts
was virtually impaired. ]f all creditors liad
been compelled by law to pay into the public
Treasury fifty per cent., or ten per cent., or,
indeed, any portion of the amounts received
by them from their debtors, such a law would
have been condemned as unequal and unjust;
and yet the effect of it would have been to les-
sen, to the extent of the receipts from this
source, the necessity for other kinds of taxa-
tion, and thus to relieve in some measure the
class unjustly, because unequally, taxed. By
the legal-tender acts a portion of the property
of one class of citizens was virtually confiscated
for the benefit of another, without an increase
thereby of the public revenues, and conse-
quently without any compensation to the in-
jured class. There can be no doubt that these
acts have tended to blunt and deaden the
public conscience, nor that they are charge-
able in no small degree with the demoraliza-
tion which so generally prevails.
The economical objections to these notes as
lawful money—stated at length in previous
reports of the Secretary—may be thus briefly
restated. They increased immensely the cost
of the war, and they have added largely to the
expenses of the Government since the restora-
tion of peace; they have caused instability in
prices, unsteadiness in trade, and put a check
upon judicious enterprises; they have driven
specie from circulation and made it merchan-
dise; they have sent to foreign countries the
products of our mines, at the same time that
our European debt has been steadily increas-
ing, and has now reached such magnitude as
to be a heavy drain upon the national resources
and a serious obstacle in the way of a return
to specie payments; they have shaken the
public credit by raising dangerous questions in
regard to the payment of the public debt; in
connection with high taxes—to the necessity
for which they have largely contributed—they
are preventing ship-builditig, and thereby the
restoration of the commerce which was de-
stroyed by the war ; they are an excuse for—
if. indeed, they do not necessitate—protective
tariffs, and yet fail, by their fluctuating value,
to protect the American manufacturer against
his foreign competitor; they are filling the
coffers of the rich, but, by reason of the high
prices which they create and sustain they arc
almost intolerable to persons of limited in-
comes. The language of one of the greatest
men of modern times, so often, but not too
often, quoted, is none too strong in its descrip-
tions of the injustice and the evils of an incon-
vertible currency:
" Of all the contrivances for cheating the laboring
classes of mankind, none has been more effectual
than that which deludes them with paper money.
Ordinary tyranny, oppression, excessive taxation—
these bear lightly on the happiness of the mass of the
community compared with a fraudulent, currency
and the robberies committed by depreciated paper.
Our own history has recorded for our instruction
enough and more than enough of the demoralizing
tendency, the injusiiee. and the intolerable oppres-
sion, on the virtuous and well-disposed, of a degraded
paper currency authorized or in any way counte-
nanced by Government."
The experience of all nations that have tried
the experiment of inconvertible paper money
has proved the truth of the eloquent words of
Mr. Webster. If our country is in a measure
prosperous with such an incubus upon it, it is
because it is so magnificent in extent, so diver-
sified in climate, so rich in soil, abundant
in minerals, with a people so full of energy
that even a debased currency can only retard
but not put a stop to its progress.
The Secretary still adheres to the opinion
so frequently expressed by him, that a reduc-
tion of the paper circulation of the country
until it appreciated to the specie standard was
the true solution of our financial problem. But
as this policy was emphatically condemned by
Congress, and it is now too late to return to it,
he recommends the following measures as the
next best calculated to effect the desired result.
Agreements for the payment of coin seem
to be the only ones, not contrary to good
morals, the performance of which cannot be
enforced in the courts. "Coin contracts" exe-
cuted before the passage of the legal-tender
acts, as well as those executed since, are sat-
isfied in all the States except California by the
payment of the amounts called for iu depre-
ciated notes. This shackle upon commerce,
this check upon our national progress, this
restriction upon individual rights, should no
longer be continued. If it be admitted that
the condition of the country during the war,
and for a time after its close, created a neces-
sity for laws and decisions making promissory
notes (fluctuating in value according to the
result of battles and of tj-eculative combina-
tions) the medium in which contracts should
be discharged, this necessity no longer exists.
Steps should now be taken to give stability to
busmess and security to enterprise; and to this
end specific contracts to be executed iu coin
should at once be legalized. Perhaps no law
could be passed which would be productive
of better results with so little private or pub-
lic inconvenience. Such a law would simply
enable the citizen to do what the Government
is doing in its receipts for customs and in the
payment of its bonded debt; it would merely
authorize the enforcement of contracts volun-
tarily entered into according to their letter.
The effect of such a law would be to cheek the
outflow of specie to other countries by creating
a necessity for the use of it at home; to en-
courage enterprises extending into the future
by removing all uncertainty in regard to the value
of the currency with which they are to be car-
ried on. Such a law would remove a formidable^
embarrassment in our foreign trade, would
familiarize our people again with specie as the
standard of value, and show how groundless is
the apprehension so generally existing that a
withdrawal of depreciated notes or the appre-
ciation of these notes to par would produce a
scarcity of money, by proving that specie,
expelled from (he country by an inferior cir-
culating medium, will return again when it is
made the basis of contracts and is needed in
their performance. Business is now necessa-
rily speculative because the basis is unreliable.
Currency, by reason of its uncertain future
value, although usually plentiful in the cities,
and readily obtained there at low rates on short
