1188
im (JO.N GKESSlOiSTAL GhOW-
February 13,
ijfdYep by the banks and the Government.
Should it diminish in volume one third, shall
it be by lessening the greenbacks wholly or the
liank currency wholly, or taking off a share of
^aeliV The banks are interested in maintain-
ing their circulation. Tbe seventeen hundred
Tjjyiks of the country are in the hands of act;
ive, intelligent, thrifty business men. Does
anybody suppose that in the contest for tbe
'privilege of furnishing a currency the Govern-
ment would stand any chance with them?
Would theynot exchange their greenbacks for
g^ld and upon that issue their own notes?
Aad when we come to specie, by common con:
sent banking is to become free. Anybody
| ay bank who can command the necessary
(government bonds and keep his bills afloat
by th£ payment of specie when demanded; so
t^ai the return to specie would induce a new
etop of competitors, and in the increased num-
ber of antagonists the Government circulation
•would of necessity go to the wall. The only
Method of keeping greenbacks afloat possessed
by the Government would be the quarterly pay-
ment of salaries and the purchase of supplies;
but the greenbacks issued for these purposes
would be speedily returned and the gold re-
ceived for them made the basis of additional
bank circulation.
It has beeo suggested in a leading paper
(the'Tribune) that the patriotic forbearance
of the people would be relied upon and Gov-
ernment notes would continue to circulate
after specie could be obtained for them.
But would it not be silly t.o rely upon such
considerations under the circumstances I have
specified ?
i call the attention of those who doubt the
necessity of diminished circulation upon the
resumption of specie payments to the English
pxample. The circulation of the Bank of
England from 1797, the date of suspension,
to 1815, time of peace, was as follows:
February 28, 1789 £9,674,780
iebruaiy 28,1800 16,844,470
February 28.1805   17,871,170
February 28,18J0 • 21,019,600
February 28,1815  27,261,650
The same causes produced the samo effects
then at that time that they did here from 1801
to 1865.
Of the country banks Peel said in one of his
speeches:
''In 1797 thero were only two hundred and forty
private banks, but the moment liability to convert
was removed move of these banks were established
ana when they had to deal eight or ten years after-
ward with them their number had increased trom
two hundred and forty to about eight huudred. It
was because they found sueh groat advantages in in-
cqu vortibihty that the banks of issue were so much
increased.
But the return to specie occasioned by the
iict of 3819 had the effect upon the circulation
in England that I contend the passage of a sim-
ilar act would have upon the circulation of this
country. I give tbe statement of -it:
Dank of England circulation.
February 27,1819 £25,126,700
February 29,1820  23,484,110
Fe > ruary 28.1821  23,884,920
February 28,1832  18,665,350
February 28,1$^  18,392.240
"Here we see that the hank between 1819 and 1822
reduced her ciiculafion nearly seyen millions, and
that in the course of this violent operation she re-
duced her discounts to merchants from £9,GG9,OOQ to
£4,000,000. The country banks, underthe stringency i
pi this treatment, followed the lead of the parent 1
bank. '—DoubUduy, puge 263.
It will be seen that oar condition nearly
parallels that of the Bank of England. The
bank, after the peace and before the experi-
ment ofgradaai specie, diminished its circula-
tion nearly ten per cent. We have contracted
our greenbacks about twelve per cent., and
no reason can be foundnn the difference in Con-
don oi the two countries which will indicate a
d ifferent effect here. '' We are rich," it is said.
We have a boundless territory, and we may
reckon on great increase of population and culti-
vation. 1 do not doubt it. And still the fact
remains. e have enough circulation now for
present use on a paper basis. When we go to
specw, great and rich as we are, we shall need
proportionally legs circulation than now, just as
England, when she went to specie, nesded.^nd
used less paper than when her bank notes
were irredeemable. In this respect we shall
follow the example of England if we ever go
to specie as sJie did. The English banks adopted
the policy of contraction because they were
obliged to do so, .No bank ever voluntarily cuts
off its o.wn sources of profit. And their exam*
pie will be followed here necessarily.
I come, thenj to the conclusion th&t the effect
of what may be called the leading proposition
for the return to specie (Mr. Morton's)'would
be to'diminish prices largely, contract circula-
tion proportionally, and, if carried into full
operation by the resumption of specie pay-
ent, it would drive greenbacks out of circula-
tion and substitute bank notes. . If. this be sq,
in order to carry the propositioainto effect the
Government should provide itself with gold
nearly to the amount of the greenback circula-
tion now out. It is evident that the idea of
hoarding gold to anything like this extent is
absurd and utterly impracticable.
IMMEDIATE SPECIE PAYMENTS.
To go to specie at once, according to the plan
of another Senator, is fully as sensible. We at
least know what it means. Of the two I prefer
it. I have little doubt specie enough could be
borrowed abroad to enable us to resume with
prospect of success. It is clear that the duty
is upon us to take up our dishonored paper.
Whatever question there may be about the pay-
ment of bonds, whether to be made in paper or
gold, there is no question about the obligation
to pay greenbacks in gold. Those who drop
the payment of greenbacks and lay themselves
out in the discussion of the question as to how
the five-twenties, due fifteen or twenty years
hence, shall be paid, and quarrel with others
who do not agree with them, are about as wise
as it would be for two children that you toss
upon your knee to fall to quarreling, while play-
ing courting, about the color of the hair of their
first child. The immediate duty is to pay the
debt now due. Let the bonded debt be paid
when it is due.
After some very considerabl-c expense the
debt has been placed. There let it remain ;
we cannot reduce the interest upon it until we
resume specie payments. It is unwise to tax
the country to pay one dollar of it before it ma-
tures. But the other debt of nearly four hun-
dred millions should be paid, or at least we
should offer to pay it. It has been dishonored
long enough, and some measures should be
adopted to place it in condition to be paid. I
am by no means certain that it would not be
wise to make the sacrifice and start anew. The
new Administration could then start with a good
prospect of readjusting business relations, and
during its first term put the commercial, agri-
cultural, and manufacturing industries of the
country upon such basis as would insure their
continued prosperity.
WHAT-Wilt SOT BE DONE.
It is clear, however, that it is time wasted to
consider the proposition. Congress will never
knowingly pass a measure which is to send bank-
ruptcy and the sheriff after the constituency.
We have had some trial of the temper of Con-
gress upon the subject.
At the beginning of this Administration the
Secretary of the Treasury made his Fort Wayne
speech advising contraction. Congress adopted
the idea, and by general consent a law was
passed in April, 18G6, authorizing the reduc-
tion of the currency §4,000,000 a month, and
limiting the reduction to $10,000,000 for the
first six months. This salutary law reduced
the currency nearly fifty million dollars. But
it was found, as should have been expected,
that nioney was not so abundant in consequence.
Paying one's debts does not leave so large a
surplus in the pocket as one sometimes desires.
Congiessmen came to Washington in the fall
of 1867 in great indignation at the contraction
law. Several gentlemen strove for the prece-
dence in introducing the repeal bill, aud tbe
law was struck off the statute-book with nearly
the same unanimity as that with which it was
enacted. To show that the feeling was by no
means sectional, Igive the yeas and nays in
December, 1867, upon the bill to repeal the
law of April. 1866: ;
"The Cjues' ion was then taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 127, nays 32, not voting 28";
as follows:
"STeas—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Anderson, Archer,
Arneil, James M. Ashley, Axteii, Baker, iianks,
Barnes, Baiaum, Beuman, Beck, Benjamin. Benton,
Bingham, Boutweil, Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks, liuck-
land.JJurr,Butler, Cary.Churchill, Reader W.Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, < 'ovode, Ouiiom,
Dixon. Dodgfr, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston,
Ela, Eldriage, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields,
Golladay.Gravely.Griswold, Halsey, Hamilton, Hard-
ing, Hawkins, Hill.Higby, JJolman, Hopkins, Hotch-
kjss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Huiburd, Hunter..Xnger-
solL Jones, Judd, Julian, ICelley, Kelsey, Kerr,
K/ekfham, Knott, Koontz, Laflin, William Lawrence,
Lincoln, Loan, Logan. Loughridge, Lynch, Marvin,
Maynard, McCarthy, SjcClurg, Mercur, Miller, Moor-
bead, Morgan,.-Mullins, Mungen, Myers, Newcomb,
Niblack, Munn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Peiharn, Pile,
Plants, Polsley,, Robertson, Ross, "Sawyer, Schenck,
Shanks, Smith, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens,
Xhaddeus Steyens, Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Taylor,
Thomas. Trimble, Trowbridge, Up^on, Van Aernam,
Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump,'Van Wyck. tad-
walader C. Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, Welker,
Thomas Williams, William Williams', James E. Wil-
son. John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wood-
bridge—127.
"Kays —Messrs. Ames, Delos R. Ashley, Blaine,
Broomall, Dawes, Eliot,Garfield, Getjs, Glossbrenner,
Grover, Haigbt,Hooper, Richard D. Hubbard. Hum-
phrey, Johnson, George V. Lawrence, McCtillough,
Peters, Phelps, Pik.e, Poland, Pnce, Pruyn, Kendall,
Sitgreaves, Spalding, Taber, Van Auken, Ward,
lilihu B. Washburae, William B. Washburn, and
Woodward—32.
"Not Voting —Messrs. Bailey, Baldwin, Blair,
Cake. Chanter, Cornell, Finney, Fox. Chester D. Hub-
bard, Jenckes, Kitchen, Mallory, Marshall, Moore,
Morrell, Mornssey, Nicholson, Pomeroy, Raum, Robr
inson,.Scofield, Selye, Shellabarger, Taffe, Twichell,
Burt Van Horn, Win do in, and Wood—28.
" So the bill was passed."
Can there be any doubt that if Congress
should adopt a measure spreading resumption
over two or three years, and it should be
found at the end of the first year to occasion
stringency in the money market, the law would
be repealed? May not that experiment be
considered as having been tried ? And yet it
can be demonstrated, both by the example of
other countries and our own and by the reason
of the thing, that any return to specie means
contraction. Irredeemable continental money
and irredeemable French and English money
abounded in the'last century, and by one means
and another all these countries landed on a
specie basis. And however divergent the roads
to the same goal in all these instances the vol-
ume of specie currency was greatly less than
the volume of depreciated paper. And so it
will always be. We strive for the impossible
when we attempt to go to specie and at the
same time try to retain undiminished the pres-
ent circulation and the present values. What,
then, shall be done?
This Congress has already declared itself
against a gradual diminution of the currency.
I see no indication in any of tbe votes or
speeches of members of a disposition to changfe
front on that question. That being the case,
I argue that it is useless to talk about any
measure leading to immediateresumption. The
disastrous business effects would follow too
closely on tbe heels of the vote to expect
such action. Under such circumstances it is
hardly worth while, to examine the various
plans that have heretofore been submitted to
Congress for its consideration. Some of them
are strikingly objectionable outside of this
effect of producing contraction.
congb'kssional plans.
Two propositions—those of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Broomall] and the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield]—pro-
pose that Government shall advertise its inabil-
ity to pay the whole of its debts, and propose to
its creditors to pay part and receive a discharge
of thewhole. Thus the Government has issued
ten-dollar notes which, if they mean anything,
mean that the Government agrees to pay ten
dollars in gold to the bearer.
These gentlemen propose that Government
agents shall say to the holders of these notes,
" We will pay you this month S>7 50 iu gold for
a ten-dollar note. Next month we will pay
