Tfil - •■CGMRESSIGif AL' G-LOJ
January 7,
Bail, the special agent of the Post Office De-
partment, 1 have read that. It was sent to this
House by the Postmaster General with his own
communication. Mr. Ball, it is true, speaks
of several occasions some time ago—not many
occasions—when he saw, as he says; large piles
of mail matter—six thousand pounds,- per-
haps—piled up-in an open yard. Hot? is that
explained? W.hy, sir, if my colleague had taken
the pains that I have tab«n to investigate this
matter; if he had examined other reports and
other papers on file (for-this report of Mr. Ball
came from the Post Office Department) he
would have found how the matter happened.
Frequently, on account of storms, the Pacific
railroad trains do not come in on time ; they
are a day or two behind hand. In the mean
time no mail is brought in, and the stages have
gone out empty. But the train comes in with
all the accumulated mail matter, amounting,
perhaps, to five or six tons, and it is dumped
down. As fast as the railroad is extended an
additional twenty-five or fifty miles a new depot
is established, which is,-of course, a very tem-
porary affair, without proper buildings for the
storage of the mails. The stages cannot carry
off six tons of mail matter in one day—this
heavy paper mail. What do they do ? They
are obliged to draw it off as they can: to take
what they can on the stages to-day, then take
what they can to-morrow, and the balance of
it the day after, until it is all cleared up. That
is the way it is done.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. EL A.. I ask five minutes to make a
statement in regard to this matter.
Mr. FA RNSWORTH. One moment. If
my colleague [Mr. Washiwrxk, of Illinois] has
any other information on this subject that I am
not possessed of, 1 hope he will state it to the
House.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I hope my
colleague will hear the gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Ela] and the gentleman from
Nebraska [Mr. Taffe] upon this subject.
Mr. ELA. I ask unanimous consent to
speak for five minutes upon the subject of this
resolution.
No objection was made.
Mr. ELA. In reply to what has been said
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Paiiss-
wok'th,] the chairman of the Committee on the
Post Otlice and Post Roads, in regard to the
accumulation of this mail, I will state that in
this document, which has -been placed before
this House by the Postmaster General, will be
found the information that the mail which left
the New York city post office during the entire
month of October averaged two thousand eight
hundred and forty-eight pounds, destined for
Salt Lake City and beyond. And it will also
appear from that same document of the Post-
master General, which embraces a statement
of the postmaster at Salt Lake City, that the
average weight of the mail received there dur-
ing that same month of October was one thou-
sand eight hundred'and fifty-nine pounds, or
nine hundred and eighth-nine pounds less than
the average weight which left New York city
on each of the days in the month of October.
I will say in addition to that that the weight
of the mail received at Salt Lake city ought to
be very much more than it was when it left
New York city, for one of the territorial Del-
egates told me this morning that he had seen
bags of that mail matter tied under the stage
in which he was a passenger, and dragged
through four or five streams on the route.
And the postmaster at Salt Lake City says that
the mail bags come in there wet and frozen.
And in addition to the mails sent from New
York city, are the mails which accumulate
from all the country west of New York city to
go to Salt Lake city and the Pacific coast.
And yet, as I have said, the mails received at
Salt Lake city average nine hundred and
eighty-nine pounds less than the mails sent
from New York city alone.
Now I want to call the attention of members
to one thing further in connection with this
contract. -It will be found by reference to this
annual report of the Postmaster General, that
he says h-e applied, on the 16th of October, to
Mr. McLaughlin-, who had submitted a bid of
$350,000 to carry these mails, and asked him
if he was ready to take the contract, to which
he received no answer, and that in conse-
quence of receiving no answer he went to New
York city, and after consultation with gentle-
men there, he made this contract with Wells,
Fargo & Co.- But in this very report is evi-
dence that on October 17, and received at the
Department on the 18th, Mr. McLaughlin
informed the Department that he was ready to
carry these mails in thirty days from notice,
but the Department did not ask him to do it,
and instead hunted up Wells, Fargo & Co.,
and madea contract with them to do it. That is
not all. Notwithstanding the statement of the
Postmaster General, to which I have referred,
it will be found by reference to his report that
Mr. McLaughlin informed the Department the
very day after he was applied to that he was
.ready to carry the mails for the amount hfec^had
bid, and asked if he could have the contract.
These are the facts contained in this docu-
ment.
A gentleman told rae within the last twenty-
four hours that he came across the plains upon
the coaches of Wells, Fargo & Co., and that
they had but four horses for each fifteen miles
each way, that there were eleven passengers
on the stage. I would ask how, under those
circumstances, they can expect them to carry
even one ton of mail matter a day. The spe-
cial agent of theDepartment says that he him-
self saw on the 27th of November the passen-
gers and express matter of Wells, Fargo &
Co. loaded on the stages while three thousand
pounds of mail matter was left behind, piled
up before their office. He declares that mail
bags filled with newspapers, letters, and public
documents are left piled up upon the ground
day after day, and week after week, entirely
unprotected, exposed to theft by anybody who
may choose to take them. I might go on and
make other like statements, but I do not wish
unnecessarily to consume the time of the
House.
Mr. TAFFE. I ask unanimous consent for
five minutes.
■ There was no objection.
Mr. TAFFE. Mr. Speaker, I desire to state,
in this connection, that I have received a great
number of complaints on this subject. 1 live
at Omaha upon this thoroughfare, and have
lived there for twelve years. While I cannot
say that I have personal knowledge that mail
matter has been left upon theground by Wells,
Fargo & Co., yet, sir, I do know that there are
a large number of responsible citizens who
declare that they have seen mail matter piled
up on the ground and left for days exposed to
destruction. I know furthermore that Indians
constantly bring in mail bags to the military
posts that they have found thrown out and left
upon the ground. Cartloads of mail bags are
thus disposed of, as we are informed by re-
sponsible persons.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Can the gentleman tell
whether letter or document mail bags are thus
left piled up ?
Mr. TAFFE. Both kinds. My information
is that Wells, Fargo & Co. only carry mail
matter when there is no express matter to be
transported; and that when there is express
freight they will carry it to the exclusion of
mail matter.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask unanimous consent
to be heard for five minutes.
There was no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, from what
has been said, being a member of the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads of the
House, and having been consulted about this
contract with other members of the committee
and with members of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads of the Senate, I deem
it my duty to make an explanation. It is also
proper that I should do so in view of the fact
that I have crossed the plains during the last
month. I can therefore contradict the state-
ments which gentlemen - have made to the
inability of Wells, Fargo & Co. to perform
this service. In view of these facts, 1 say, it
is my duty to make a statement, and I will pro-
ceed to do so in as few words as possible.
Wells, Fargo & Co. have more than four horses
to -each fifteen miles of the road.
A Member. Each way?
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes,sir; each way. They
have more than eight; ay, more than twelve.
They run two stages a day. In August last,
when I crossed the plains upon my way home,
they ran two stages daily ; and i neither saw
a scarcity of stock at the stations nor mail
matter piled tip in heaps upon the ground. I
did not see any mail matter at all piled up on
the ground ; but, on the contrary, I saw extra
stages on their way loaded down with mail
matter, and without any passengers. And I
apprehend that if the mail^ arrived regularly
at the end of the railroad they could be taken
by one or two stages a day; but they do not
arrive regularly in consequence of accidents
and delays on the railroad. For four days last
month the trains ceased to run through, and
all at once about sixteen thousand pounds of
nfail matter we re landed at the terminus of the
railroad. My time is brief, and I must leave
this point.
When a contract is made by the Postmaster
General under the law to carry the mails,-] ask
any lawy.er upon this floor whether this Con-
gress can instruct him to refuse to execute the
terms of that contract? No, sir; this Congress
cannot step in and pass a law to invalidate a
contract made by the Government with its citi-
zens. No lawyer here, careful of his reputation.,
will allege that we can pass a resolution instruct-
ing the Postmaster General to refuse to let, the
contractors carry the mails under the terms of
their contract.
Mr. FAIiNSWORTH. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman from California whether Wells,
Fargo & Co. have not to transport the forage
for their stock all the way from the -Missouri
river ?
Mr. JOHNSON. They take all their forage
from the Missouri river for that portion of the
route this side of Bear river. Beyond that
pointitisobtained from Salt Lake valley pretty
generally until you reach Stockton, in Utah,
beyond which the forage is obtained from the
Pacific coast and hauled in wagons to the
different stations.
Mr. MULLINS. Iwouldaskthe gentleman
whether the contract on the part of the Gov-
ernment was to be conditional about these men
hauling their provisions—whether the Govern-
ment should allow them to haul their provisions
to the exclusion of the mail?
Mr. JOHNSON. I apprehend that they do
not haul six or eight tons of hay on a stage
loaded with passengers. I stated that I sup-
posed the forage was carried on wagons. Now
I will state another fact. The Postmaster Gen-
eral did not want to give Wells, Fargo & Co.
this contract to fny certain knowledge.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly ; but as my time
has expired I will have to ask for three minutes
more to answer the question and complete
what I have to say.
No objection being made, the gentleman's
time was extended three minutes.
Mr. LOGAN. Speaking of the Postmaster
General having no authority to suspend the
payment of the contract, I wonld ask the gen-
tleman if it is not his duty as the agent of the
Government, if Wells, Fargo & Co. have failed
to perform their contract, to suspend payment
until he is required to pay them by law?
Mr. JOHNSON. That is the law. When
the service is not performed according to the
stipulations and conditions of the contractile
may fine the parties or withhold a portion of
the pay. He is bound by the law, and the con-
tractors are bound by it, and we'can pass no
