1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Ho. of Reps.
Nor is it an unimportant matter that the in-
terest upon a large portion of our securities is
received by citizens of other countries instead
of our own. If the interest upon a public debt
is paid out where the taxes to provide for it are
collected, the debt, although a burden upon the
mass of tax payers who are not holders of se-
curities, may be so managed as not to be a
severe burden upon the nation. The money
which goes into the Treasury by means of taxes
will flow oat again into the same community
in the payment of interest; and were it not for
the expenses attending it, the process would
not, in a purely economical view, be an ex-
hausting one. If the bonds of the United States
were equally distributed among the people of
the different States there would be less com-
plaint of the debt than is now heard. Anti-tax
parties will attain strength only in those States
in which few bonds are held. If the people
of the West are more sensible of the burdens
of Federal taxation than are those of the east-
ern States it is because they are not holders
to the same extent of national securities. This
inequality cannot of course be prevented by
legal or artificial processes. The securities
will be most largely held where capital is the
most abundant; and they will be more equally
distributed among the respective States—if not
among the people—as the new States approach
the older ones in wealth.
These manifest truths indicate how import-
ant it is that the debt of the United States
should be a home debt; so that the money
which is collected for taxes may be paid to our
own people in the way of interest. In fact, a
large national debt to be tolerable must of
necessity be a home debt. A nation that owes
heavily must have its own people for creditors.
If it does not, the debt will be a dead weight
upon its industry, and will be quite likely to
force it eventually into bankruptcy. The
United States are not only able to pay the
interest on their debt, but to set agood exam-
ple to other nations by steadily and rapidly
reducing that debt. What is now required, as
has been already intimated, are measures which
will tend not only to prevent further exporta-
tion of our bonds, and in the regular course
of trade to bring back to the country those that
have been exported, but which will also tend
to restore those important interests that are
now languishing, as the result of the war and
adverse legislation. The firstand most import-
ant of these measures are those which shall
bring about, withoutunnecessary delay,the res-
toration of the specie standard. The financial
difficulties under which the country is labor-
ing may be traced directly to the issue, and
Continuance in circulation of irredeemable
promises as lawful money. The country will
not be really and reliably prosperous until
there is a return to specie payments. The
question of a solvent, convertible currency,
underlies all other financial and economical
questions. It is, in fact, a fundamental ques-
tion j and until it is settled, and settled in
accordance with the teachings of experience,
all attempts at other financial and economical
reforms will either fail absolutely or be but
partially successful. A sound currency is the
life-blood of a commercial nation. If this is
debased the whole current of its commercial
life must be disordered and irregular. The
starting point in reformatory legislation must
be here. Our debased currency must be re-
tired or raised to the par of specie, or cease
to be lawful money, before substantial pro-
gress can be made with other reforms.
Next in importance to the subject of the
currency is that of the revenues. Taxes are
indispensable for the support of the Govern-
ment, for the maintenance of the public credit,
and the payment of the public debt. To tax
heavily, not only without impoverishing the
people, but without checking enterprise or
putting shackles upon industry, requires the
most careful study, not only of the resources
of the country and its relations with other na-
tions, but also of the character of the people
as affected by the nature of their institutions.
While much may be learned by the study of
the revenue systems of European nations,
which have been perfected by years of expe-
rience and the employment of the highest talent,
it must be obvious that these systems must
undergo very considerable modifications before
they will be fitted to the political and physical
condition of the United States. In a popular
Government like ours, where the people vir-
tually assess the taxes as well as pay them,
the popular will, if not the popular prejudice,
must be listened to in the preparation of rev-
enue laws. Justice must, in some instances,
yield to expediency; and some legitimate
sources of revenue may be unavailable because
a resort to them might be odious to a majority
of tax-payers. The people of the United States
are enterprising and self-reliant. Most of them
are the "architects of their own fortunes;"
few the inheritors of wealth. Engaged in
various enterprises, with constantly varying
results, and in sharp competition with each
other, they submit reluctantly to inquisitions
of tax-gatherers, which might not be obnoxious
to people less independent and living under
less liberal institutions. Then, too, the United
States are a new country, of large extent and
diversified interests; with great natural re-
sources, in the early process of development.
Not only may systems of revenue which are
suited to England or Germany or France be
unsuited to this country, but careful and judi-
cious observation and study are indispensable
to the preparation of tax bills suited to the
peculiar interests of its different sections. It
was with a view of supplying Congress with
such information as was needed to secure the
passage of equal and wise excise and tariff
laws, which would yield the largest revenue
with the least oppression and inconvenience
to the people, that a revenue commission was
created in 186-5. The creation of this com-
mission was the first practical movement
toward a careful examination of the business
and resources of the country, with a view to
the adoption of a judicious revenue system.
The reports of this commission were interest-
ing and valuable, and they exhibited so clearly
the necessity for further and more complete
investigations that by the act of July 13, 1866,
the Secretary of the Treasury was authorized
to appoint an officer in his Department, to
be styled the Special Commissioner of Rev-
enue, whose duty it should be "to inquire
into all the sources of national revenue, and
the best method of collecting the revenue ; the
relation of foreign trade to domestic indus-
try ; the mutual adjustment of the systems of
taxation by customs and cxcise, with a view
of insuring the requisite revenue with the least
disturbance or inconvenience to the p'rogress
of industry, and the development of the re-
sources of the country,'' tfce. Under this act
Mr. David A. Wells was appointed Special
Commissioner of the Revenue. 'ft'ith what
energy and ability he has undertaken the very
difficult duties devolved upon him has been
manifested by the reports which he has already
submitted to Congress. That which accom-
panies or will soon follow this communica-
tion will prove, more fully than those which
have preceded it have done, the importance
of the investigations in which he is engaged
and the judicious labor which he is bestowing
upon them. The facts which he presents and
the recommendations based upon them are
entitled to the most careful consideration of
Congress. These reports of the Commissioner
are so complete that they relieve the Secretary
from discussing elaborately the questions of
which they treat. His remarks, therefore,
upon the internal revenues and the tariff will
be general and brief.
The following is a statement of receipts from
internal revenues for the last three fiscal years:
For the year ending June 30, 1866  $309,220,813 12
For the year ending June 30,1867  265,027,537 43
For the year ending June 30, 1868  191,087,589 41
It thus appears that the internal revenue
receipts for the year ending June 30, 1867, fell
below the receipts for the year ending June 30,
1866, $43,199,275 99, and that the receipts for
the year ending June 80, 1868, fell short of the
receipts for 1867, $74,939,948 02. The receipts
for the first four months of the present fiscal year
were $48,736,848 33. If the receipts for these
months are an index of those for the remaining
eight, the receipts for the present fiscal year will
be $146,209,044.
This large reduction of internal revenue re-
ceipts is attributable both to inefficient collec-
tions, and to a reduction of taxes. It is quite
obvious that the receipts from customs cannot
be maintained without an increase of exports or
of our foreign debt. If the receipts from cus-
toms should be diminished, even with a large
reduction of the expenses of the Government,
our internal revenues must necessarily be in-
creased. The first thing to be done is to intro-
duce economy into all branches of the public
service, not by reduced appropriations to be
made good by '* deficiency bills," but by put-
ting a stop to all unnecessary demands upon the
Treasury. There is no department of the Gov-
ernment which is conducted with proper econ-
omy. The habits formed during the war are still
strong, and will only yield to the requirements
of inexorable law. The average expenses of
the next ten years for the civil service ought
not to exceed $40,000,000 per annum. Those
of the War Department, after the bounties are
paid, should be brought down to $35,000,000,
and those of the Navy to $20,000,000. The
outlays for pensions and Indians cannot for
some years be considerably reduced, but they
can doubtless be brought within $30,000,000.
The interest on the public debt when the whole
debt shall be funded, at an average rate of inter-
est of five per cent., will amount to $125,000,000
which will be reduced with the annual reduction
of tne principal.
When the internal revenue and tariff laws
shall be revised so as to be made to harmonize
with each other, it is supposed that $800,-
000,000 can annually be realized from these
sources without burdensome taxation. How
much shall be raised from each can be deter-
mined when the whole subject of revenue shall
be thoroughly investigated by Congress, with
the light shed upon it by Commissioner Wells in
his exhaustive report of the present year. The
Secretary does not doubt, however, that the
best interests of the country will be subserved
by a reduction of the tariff and an increase ot
excise duties.
According to this estimate the account would
stand as follows:
Receipts from customs and internal rev-
enues  iSOO.OOO.OOl
Expenditures for the civil service  §40,000,000
Expenditures for the War Department... 35,000,000
Expenditures for tlie Navy Department 20.000,000
Expenditures for pensions and Indian?.. 30,000,CU0
Expenditures for interest on the public
debt  12o,000,000
Total  $250,000,000
Leaving as an excess of receipts $50,000,000
to be applied to the payment of the principal
of the debt. If the growth of the country
should make an increase of expenditures neces-
sary, this increase will, by the same cause, be
provided for by increased receipts under the
same rate of taxation; and as it is to be hoped
that the regular increase of the revenues, with-
out an increase of taxation, resulting from the
advance of the country in wealth and popula-
tion, will be greater than the necessary increase
of expenses, there will be a constantly increas-
ing amount in addition to that arising from a
