m.
W POMGMESSKXSiafe 63,OMB.
January 7,
witkoort an increase of the currency operate.
Money becomes scarce said the working popu-
lation suffer the deepest misery. The gold
discoveries of the last twenty years have kept
pace somewhat with improvements and the
extetisioii of trade and production, and have
saved mankind from the evils of hard times
whieti mast inevitably have resulted from tlw
enlargement of business.
While the value of specie is going down the
few suffer, or rather lose, while the many gain
and reap the advantage; all debts become pro-
portionally lessened, contracts are more easily
complied with, mortgages are lilted, taxes are
easily paid*.. The salaries .of officers are com-
paratively less. Trade increases, employments'
multiply, and laboring men prosper. Sub-
stantial improvements are made, bold enter-
prises are Undertaken, and great public works
completed.
This is history. And yet statesmen would
bring us down to a specie basis. And what is
a specie basis? Men talk about the currency
of the world and' a lixed standard of values.
Does a day's labor in China produce the same
amount in gold that it does in England, in
Japan that it does in California? Has a day's
food the same value in the one place as the
other? What is there that is fixed by this
currency of the world?' Jt passes everywhere
abroad at a discount. Gold is taken as bul-
lion in Europe, is tabooed in Asia, and loses
its relative value as compared with silver,
which is prized as a currency. It is, after all,
but a comparative standard, somewhat better
than paper, but not perfect, not satisfactory.
Let no one understand me as asserting that
paper currency can ever be as safe and good
as gold, but to hay that gold has its fluctuations,
its limits, and is often governed in value by the
mere caprice of nations, as arbitrary and abso-
lute as tlio statutes that authorize the issue of
legal tenders. Mankind do not take gold and
silver currency at a fixed value, but at one
quite variable. I may be pardoned, then, for
saying that to shift our entire monetary system
from the fluctuating surface of puper currency
to the less but, still fluctuating surface of spe-
cie at once, with our vast private indebtedness
outstanding, is a project that admits of the
most serious question.
How much^ better is any project to hoard
gold in the Treasury in order to diminish its
value by paying it out again? The act of
hoarding and heaping it up effectually with-
draws it not only from circulation, but also, as
an article of commerce, from market; makes
its scarcer, raises the price, diminishes the
supply The best calculators can find nowhere
in the land three hundred millions of jjold;
the people do not hold it, nor the banks, nor
the States, nor the Treasury—it is not, here;
it has gone off for imports and interest, and
vanished in use in the arts. We have no re-
liable evidence of the presence of two hundred
millions of specie. But even three hundred
millions of gold would not quite suffice us for
interest for two years and a half if not a dollar
was withdrawn by the forbearing and merciful
dealers in gold. And if we had it in the
Treasury to-day, twelve months would not see
a cent there, beside a portion of the amount
we raised by duties upon imports, and these
duties would be drawn from the Treasury to go
back again, less the expense of collecting and
transferring, since no importer will buy gold
so long as he can draw it at par from the
Treasury. Let us see, then, what goes with
the $300,000,00(3 we have on hand the first
year. At least $126,000,000 go for interest,
$150,000,000 are drawn out for duties, leaving
$2-1,000,000 for the redemption of greenbacks
generally. Can we safely say that no more
than $24,000,000 will be demanded for imports,
for speculation, and other purposes-? W ill not
the banks need more than this sum;, for they,
too, must redeem in gold? But you say, "Con-
fidence «ill spring up." Confidence in what?
Certainly not in the continued ability of the
Government to pay specie. For although the
$150,000,00Qidrawn,oyit for- duties come back
with which to begin the' second year, there are
but. $24,000,000 to add it to in the Treasury—
beside tie ero pty. word confidence;, and this year
finds us svith $174,000,000 on hand with which
to pay, $276,000,000. namely, the $126,000,000
of interest and the drain of $150,000,000 for
duties. We have then paid out our last dollar,
and want $102,000,000 to meet the demand.
All this time not a cent is drawn out by in-
dividuals or banks, but they are satisfied with
and feasting on "confidence." They will
neither need specie for private debts or for
redemption.
Again; should we succeed in hoarding gold,
who dare say t-hat it will be cheaper, after
three years accumulations, at the rate of $100,-
000,000 a year? Common experience tells us
that it will be even dearer than now, so that
the illustration of beginning specie payments
at once, as given, is a fair one. Such an ex-
periment, if successful, wouldresult in disaster,
fluctuations in prices, derangement of business,
and the crushing of enterprise. It cannot be
made in safety.
But there i$ an insuperable objection to it,
and that is its impossibility. Where is our
surplus of gold to hoard? Do we or do we not
expect to raise more money than we need to
pay expenses, interest, pensions, bounties, and
claims? Every cent we can possibly raise
must go to pay these. Where, then, is our
surplus to come from—our mountain of gold ?
Who will give it to us? Who will find it for
us? "Will that sorcerer men talk about and
call " confidence"—will he do it? No one else
can. Will he take us up on the mountain and
give us the world as a Christmas gift? Must
we eternally brag of our respectability in order
to be respectable, and make boasts that we will
pny when we know that we have not the
means, and will not have them? A coward
blusters, a brave man never does ; a prostitute
may make display of her virtue, the true wo-
man does not; the honest man by a direct
course gains and holds confidence, and not by
makiug fair promises which he cannot perform.
We have no suiplus of gold in the Tieasury ;
wo cannot now put it there, and we do not ex-
pect to have it there.
You may dam up the streamlet,as it trickles'
down the valley, and after months and years of
accumulations of its little store of waters form
a lake upon whose margin you may erect a
mill, but how long will the head of water
you have gained turn the ponderous wheel ?
A few days or a few weeks at most, and its
motion suspends. The supply given at so
much expense and loss of time is but a
mockery to the man of enterprise, and the
idle mill will nod and fall down in ruin into
the idle pond.
The people have borne burdens enough with-
in the few past years without now being called
upon to pile up a golden surplus of hundreds
of millions to delight the eyes of the greedy
for a few brief mouths and then vanish like a
dream. The people have something else to do
than heap up gold. Their smews, bones, and
blood have been put in the scale; their pie-
ciouslives, their health, hope, home, happiness,
all. And now Shylock comes and says, "Pile
up your gold, pile up your gold, so that I can
see its yellow reflection fall on my greenbacks
and make them glitter, too." The word of the
people is good, but they are not ready to make
rash promises to please Shylock. He must
wait till the bond falls due ; he must keep still till
then. Silence is his part till the day of grace
is past. This generation has lifted the enor-
mous burdens of war; paid vast debts; distrib-
uted uncounted and almost incalculable char-
ities and bounties; is dispensing to the shat-
tered or helpless wrecks of the strife nearly
forty millions a year; is paying honestly $120,-
000,000 of annual interest on the debt; is car-
rying on the gieat work of reconstruction ; is
fighting, pacitying, and settling the Indians;
is making the Pacific railroad the crowning
work of human construction; is doing it all
cheerfully, beside supporting every interest of
the people bountifully.
,, And this is enough. They desire to move
on. quietly for a tune, to rest, if possible, to
recuperate, to adjust the load and not to tnke
on fresh burdens; if expenses can be cut off
anywhere to do so; if extravagance or waste
is found at any point to put an end to it; if
taxes can be lifted from any industry or prop-
erty safely to have it done. The very last
thing they want is to have fresh burdens put on
thero,to have taxes increased, to be collecting
a surplus, to be piling up a hoard, it may
then be asserted with some confidence that a
return to specie payment by hoarding gold is
an impossibility. Forjirst, it-is impossible to
raise the necessary amount by taxation; the
people cannot and will not be taxed for such
a purpose in addition totheir presenlburdens.
Second. It is impossible to diminish the price
of gold by making it scarcer. Third. It is
impossible to continue specie payments any
length of time even if a- hoard is collected.
Fourth. It is impossible to get-thegold for the
hoard since it is not in the country, and its very
scarcity^will defeat the measure. This is no time
forexperiment that may become a mighty engine
of oppression.
Will the issuing of Treasury notes payable
in twelve months in gold, in lieu of the green-
backs and bank notes taken for taxes and
dues to the Government, have any tendency
toward the resumption of specie payments?
This proposition, has been made iti all serious-
ness by a decided opponent of contraction, and
is put forth as a measure in aid of that view.
To my mind it is the strongest measure of con-
traction yet proposed, amounting to nearly a
half a million a day—in fine, to the entiie
amount of the revenue raised in paper; for
this paper is at once retired, and in its stead is
issued a currency which calls for gold in twelve
months, and which at once is noith more than
twenty-five per cent, premium ; a currency
which would be locked up as soon as issued
and only see daylight when put up for saie by
bankers or at the end of twelve months when
presented at the Treasury.
Who that holds such a note will give it in
exchange for a greenback and throw away his
twenty-five pet cent.? Who will pay it out?
Who so infatuated' as to yield up such a golden
advantage? In one year $180,000,000 of ourcur-
rencywould be safely locked up and the whole
greenback circulation would be effectually te-
tired at the end of two years, leaving nothing
but bank notes to be used as paper money,
with ail issue of gold notes equal to the green-
back circulation as a preferred currency if
used as such at all, and subject at all times
to become depreciated by a run upon the
Treasury to the present standard of green-
backs. If the Government could for a short
time succeed in redeeming these notes the
effect upou the bank currency must be dis-
astrous unless it too became at once redeem-
able in gold. And the whole scheme vanishes
into thin air when we eome back to the point
ot view in which we perceive that there is a
total lack of the precious metals in the coun-
try with which to. accomplish the work of re-
demption. The only effect of this measure
will be at first to- contract the currency at the
rate of $-15,000,000 a month, and when the
bubble bursts to give the people promises no
better than greenbacks, with the stain of broken
faith upon them.
Such promises placed in the hands of the
national banks calling for gold would be pressed
for payment to supply their own wants, and the
result would be that the Treasury would have
to suspend such demands or fail to pay the
interest on the public debt. The currency
would be completely nnder the control of the
national banks, and they could, by pressure,
at any day break down the credit of the Gov-
ernment and create the most enormous fluctu-
ations in the value of the circulating medium.
This dangerous power should never be given
to any association, however wise and patriotic.
