mm.
ME QNOBBSSI0® M7
IfSI
This resolution W passed by a-uhamrtWus
vote", one hundred and sixty-two yeas, nays none:-'
Among the names thus voting f fhid that of-
Binch'am. Coburn, Covode', Dane's, -Delano,
PahnSwouth, MaykaiBI), Stokes, with many
others, and last, though not least,, my distin-
guished friend Eliot Bi WASHSUR^-ali tioW-
R&pablican members'of this body.' 1; wonder
how many of these very genttethen-WOald' nO*
vote for such a propositioii-, yW principles are'
said t,o be unchangeable- and eternal. ' Truly-
dww« realise a tfurth hete. " Tempara 'mW
tan-tar- nos: ?.t cuwi illls.'' Tinges change and
we change w-itli them. It will doubtless Be ob-
served, that these were arguments to relate the"
charges made by the South. This Congress
was decidedly a- States rights institution in
1881', though it wholly eschews such an idea
now.,-and mv- friends-whose speech I have in
rfevi'ewsays substantially that General Grant's
election has obliterated theonce cherished doc-
trine-of States rights so ably held and main-
tained Once by this body, ag I have just shown'
by. the record.
My friend says.— ■ ■ • ■ ' .
"That in 1860 th.e-AmerJcirir people deeifled'at atl
Inraartls tftat tlreltfrt&ef'Sptead ol' human servitude
into free terrttory-siiould cense, and that this deoi-
siQn was resis-ed by a rebellious war, and that the
war-led to the necessity of entirely abolishing the
ittstitotioaj' &c. •
I'respectfully Submit thstt this case is most
unfairly and-, in toy judgment, untruthfully put.
The abolition of slavery was,in tlie northern
mind, or, for the most part, a projected and
premeditated enterprise " ab initio," and the
continued and unceasing war and aggressions
upon the constitutional rights of the States where
it, existed alarmed the owners and people of the
South, who most unwisely sought relief from
these aggressions in the unfortunate heresy of
secession. Acting upon this folly of the slave
States' leaders, the war enabled them to carry
out much easier and sooner that which they
had long intended by fair means if not by
foul. The party fiat had gone forth that it-must
be. accomplished at any cost or sacrifice to the
country. The northern.peop.le, or rather north-
ern leaders, under the specious ery of Union,
were thus enabled to force the Government of
the United States, with its. vast power, means,
and credit, to perpetrate an act which they
coald not'suecessfully accomplish in the capa-
city- of States,, to wit: the abolition of the
domestic institutions of the southern States.
I know, Mr. Chairman, it is fashionable now
for blatant politicians upon the forum, the halls
of legislation, and elsewhere, tohurltheiranatfa-
emas at those who owned slaves, and to claim
it ag a great credit to the non-slaveholding
States that they abolished slavery. I do not
know- that any one values these pretensions for
much, and I but glance at t-hem to show that
my friend's proposition No. 1 is wholly ineorrect
and untenable, and that the slaveholder did not
inaugurate.the late war for the purposes stated,
if for any purpose. They were the assailed and
not the assailants, so far as the institution of
slavery was concerned.
Mr. Blaine, in this speech, says further that
"the union of the States has been maintained
and its perpetuity guarantied by General
©rant's election." How is this possible? Who
proposed the disunion of the States? No one.
This is a tnere assumption that the Democratic
party was in favor of' disunion. This charge
is unworthy the reputation of a man of Mr.
Blaine's character. It is only admissible in
a heated party contest, when declamation and
passion, guided by ambition to win, prevaiis.
After the contest is over, passion subsided, and
peace and.quiet prevail, .no-one should make
such a statement. I notify gentlemen here-
and elsewhere that the time is coming, yea, is
here, when those persons who thus speak of
their opponents will find'theniselves confronted
with language of resentment, as there are other
bosoms, in this House outside-the ranks of the:
gentleman's party which swell with pride and1
hope for the union of these, States. fflastaaeh..
as there was no disunion party in-the field and
no platform of principles whose expressed1 or
iftip'lrei ptirpqSe was to itnerwipt'or Vgt&rQ ttue
Government of'the Union, it is" not'vefy clear
tff my mind how gentlemen who -value-theiv
own standing'and character as statesmen 'can
place upon record such sentiments as these.
Hwaod-in what manner has the union of the
States; been- maintained?" How can a mere'
el set ion-"Of-a party candidate for - President
maintain that which by act of the same patty
hag no existence in.point of fact, but lives alone'
if# the' cherished memories of the past and is
upbeld-'by the: prayers, the hopes, and objects
Gf the'party defeated?' flow, in the name of
all that is honest in language or fact, can tnje
friend say that the election of General Grants
guaranties the perpetuity of the Union of
States, except upon the hypothesis that the
election of theDemocratie ticket would destroy
tlie' union of the States? I can see nothing
in this sentiment but words to catch gulls or
Crap-fools by-its high-sounding verbiage.
friemlf'says, second,'"the reconstruction
laws of Congress have been vindicated and
streraiwed^ by the election of General Grant."
I take issue with'him- again. I maintain' that
this' issue,; though attempted to be made, was
vfholly lost'sight of in the canvass, and that
appeals were made to the northern mind,
which was enraged and-inflamed by manufac-
tured'reports of outrages, murder, arson, op-
pression, (XSc., in the South, and they were
made'to believe that rebels were then standing
defiantly with arms in their hands ready again
to'sound the tocsin of war; and thus taking
advantage of the universal opposition of the
entire country to any more bloodshed, they
ingeniously rung the changes on the slogan
cry of ''let us- have peace," which slipped
into their parly platform as if in very mockery
of the legislation of their party. If any one
doubts this &ct let him bat recall the speeches
of leading Radicals, in all of which they labor
to' convince .fh© country that if a Democrat
Were-electfed war and disunion would inevit-
ably follow. In this way, and by fighting over
the battles of the late war, by ringing the
changes upon the words loyalty, Union, rebel,
Kuklux, and all that class and kind of catch-
penny terms, they distracted the popular mind
and veiled from it in this way the odium and
censure that would be manifest in their acts in
the reconstruction measures, the impeach-
ment, the attack upon the Supreme Court, the
entire disregard of both individual and States
rights, all of which they know men have learned
to call infamous, and consequently these were
held in the background and repudiated as
issues in the canvass. The great, popularity of
General Grant, his own loyalty and success
in arms alone were seen, and men concluded
that it were better to
" Bear the ills we have
Than lly to others that we know not otV
Howisitpossible forthe people of the United
States to indorse or sustain the reconstruction
measures of Congress while failure is written
on every page, and hatred and malice with
persecution and menace to the white and pro-
tection to the colored race bristle all over them.
Why did not Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas
vote at the election ? Oar j&epublican friends
had tried their new- machine in reconstructing
them, once, twice, three times, and still it would
not grind them out "States in the Union,"
and to-day they stand, by their own admission,
outside of the Union ; and yet my friend says
General Grant's election has perpetuated the
Unio-n of the States.
I submit, Mr. Chairman, that in view of this
fact my friend's speech mast have been a mis-
print-, and be meant to say disunion of the
States was maintained and the reconstruction
measures of Congress securing that desider-
atum was'"vindicated and sustained by the
election of General Grant." Can any one
say truthfully and upon his conscience that the
reconstructed or seceded States have to-day a
republican form of government? If so, he
must- be a very casuist, and means that they
have the form and not the reality. In view
of theasionSitic' or admitted' truth that "all
governments derivfe ttfeir jttst'"power" fro rfvtW
cbnsent o# thego'vfei«ned,"'«hen' weloBk sttb#
disfranchisement of the whites aid the enfran-!
chisement of the colored population.i-n the
southern States how can we walcify ourselves)
by casting those States republican in-' form-,!
while the -whole object of the-reconstruction"
Scheme is manifest to defeat , the will of tte-
people'in those States rather than express it2
The qafestioti arises, why do- not yon want
the people of those States to vote and bold-
office? Are they not sufficiently- punished?'-
Are they not reconstmcted.enough yet? 1 f it-
is concluded to punish them' further,- let u's
make penal statutes- at "otic®, and eajl things
by their proper names. If they are- to be re-
stored to citizenship and equality, let us throw1
wide the door of suffrage to the white as well-
as the colored,, and let them settle their own
affairs in their own way, so it be in accordance
with the Constitution of th® United: State?.
The reconstruction you gave theuf is the recon-
struction of death Deserted farms, squalid
poverty, ruin, bankruptcy, beggary, and star-'
vation loom up through the entire South, sen-
tineled by blackened chimneys, pointing ,to-
heaven in their desolation as if appealing fof
mercy; neglected graves, crippled commerce,-
unschooled offspring—all, all, a scene of misery
and woe unparalleled in the history of any peo-
ple, and all made byyour odious, and to states-
manship most hideous reconstruction tneas--
nres. You have forced upon them an unwili-.
ing suffrage. You have' not only deprived
them of representation, but you assume'to sup'
ply it to tbein by persons not of-them and with"
whom they- have no social intercourse or kin-
dred, sympathy or interest.
Will itbe claimed that all this is for the union
of the States ? The motives are two apparent.
" He who runs may read." You have not en-
franchised the negro for any love for him, bat:
as a punishment to the men of the South, first
and mainly to control those States in party in-'
terest. I do not now complain of the negro
suffrage policy. You have forced it upon those
States, and the hours are fast engendering of
the day, in my humble judgment, when your
ingenuity and malice will be rewarded as was
that of the inventor of the guillotine, and these
men will rise up and go as a nation against
you with-more certainty than-ever the sons of
the Emerald Isle, whosp hatred of oppression
and love of liberty manifests itself in the sup-
port of a party of justice, of equal rights, and
freedom to ail. , The handwriting is on the
wall, and even you begin to see it, and hence-
adopt the miserable policy of removing the.
disabilities from men of the South whom you-
call loyalized, which process is obtained by a-'
perjuiy of soul, an unmanly retraction of their
acts, and a subscription to the creed and dog-
mas of a party against the conviction of their
whole lives.
If the war is at, an end, and victory is ours,
and the events have been sufficiently talked
over, and we desire a union of States bound,
together by a common interest and by ail
equality under the law, why not grant a full,
free, and generous pardon of amnesty to alt,
and say to our erring sister States, "Go, sia no
more!"
I heard the distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts say a few days ago on this floor
substantively that in his judgment if a foreign
war was inaugurated the confederate soldiers
would Gghton the side of the United States.
I would-like to know his reasons for such an
opinion. Of course any opinion on this subject
would be speculative and entitled to that con-
sideration only, bat from my reading of history
and knowledge of human action I come to a
contrary conclusion. Why should they? Have
they much cause to love us for our justice or
mercy? Would Ireland help fighi tlie battles
of England, think you? Are men so fond-of
chains that they would spill their blood to forge
and rivet them ?
Mr. Chairman, I was much struck with -an
incident that seen.s pertinent to this line, of
thought, which happened lastyei&r with myself.
