1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
241
Nor yet can we give value to our currency by
Issuing bonds or certificates of deposit with a
low rate of interest for such amounts of green-
backs as may be surrendered or deposited in
the Treasury 10 be withdrawn at pleasure. This,
too, is a measure of contraction, and may retire
many millions of our currency. This, in addi-
tion, increases the interest-bearing debt, adds
to our burdens, for which we gain no earthly
advantage, not a cent; makes nothing more
secure, and in no wise increases the stock of
gold on hand.
The nation does not want to pay interest on
deposits—can use them in no possible way to
enhance her credit—and encumber herself
with a large amount of funds for which pound
bankers at our money centers are unwilling to
pay interest. How can the Government profit
bv a scheme which the best bankers refuse to
adopt aa unsafe and harmful, when they have
the additional advantage in making loans of
their deposits, while these would iay idle in
the Government vaults? The result of this
effort will be a loss of the entire expense of
such transactions and every cent of interest
without the gain of a mill. Nowhere have
greenbacks accumulated so as to become de-
preciated for want of a profitable investment;
and the Government has other functions than
to become the holder of trust funds for the
benefit of improvident money owners, who
have not enterprise enoifgh to handle, their
means properly. Whenever individuals need
guardians to care for their property society has
provided regular methods of procuring them,
and ample hospitals in which to lodge the
unfortunate wards. As a general rule the
money-makers and dealers of the land can take
care of themselves, and need no such protec-
tion, while the Government has enough to do
beside assuming the shelter of such gentle
lambs as crowd the gold-room or hold forth in
the banking houses and brokers' offices of the
laud.
Nor is such a provision needed as a remedy
against tiny measure of inflation to an amount
wnhin §300,000,000, for we have already by
experience proved that with that much more
paper currency we had notaredundancy ; that,
still money bore good rates of interest and
prices were not excessive. In fact, that paper
was nearer gold under such circumstances than
it is now, and that money sought the healthy
channels of prosperous business. These rem-
edies and such as these for the appreciation
of our paper currency are like applications to
the surface for a deep-seated and constitu-
tional disease; like lopping off branches to
cure a canker situated in the root or heart of
a tree, temporary, superficial, ineffectual. To
attempt to make the promises of the Govern-
ment which bear no interest worth more than
those which do would seem vain ; to attempt
to make irredeemable promises better than
those which are redeemable, and with interest
in gold, would, under ordinary circumstances,
seem preposterous; to attempttogiveparvalue
to twenty-two hundred millions of promises
now held at twenty-five cents discount by prop-
ping up for a few months three hundred and
fifty millions of promises made by the same
party would seem to be madness itself.
Once admit that the payment, of three hun-
dred aud fifty millions of greenbacks is more
important than of the entire balance of the
debt,, and all measures to pay greenbacks or
enhance their value assume a gravity worthy of
consideration. But not until men can be con-
vinced that the lesser is superior to the greater
will many of them believe that the credit of tlie
Government rests primarily upon the payment
or non-payment of greenbacks. Most men
believe that a pyramid rests better on its base
than its apex. To the beclouded mind of the'
Pottawatomie the great green earth rested upon
the back of a turtle, and he reposed in turn
upon a fox, and his feet rested upon the back
of a goose. Here the fabled snpport ceased,
and although the earth was '• all right on the
g>ote,'' the Indian's philosophy failed to in-
dicate upon what foundation the goose rested.
40th Cosg. 3d Sess.—No. 16.
Not much better than this is the greenback
foundation of the public debt. Put the great
matters of the public debt upon a solid basis,
and then the greenbacks will take care of them-
selves.
The bulk of the debt once brought to par,
the interest-bearing promises once raised to a
level with their face, the bonds once brought
into full credit in the commercial world, and
greenbacks will be at par. it is the vast indebt-
edness of the Government outside of the cur-
rency that keeps it below par. This debt drains
the Treasury of gold, takes away the supply
for interest which we would otherwise have
and use for redemption, leaves nothing but
empty vaults to echo empty promises. It is
impossible for us to raise by taxation and tariff
enough to pay interest and redeem. We can
barely pay the interest.
The unsettled condition of the country since
the civil war, the war itself, the. division in sen-
timent of the people as to all the issues, the
vast amount of claims unadjusted and due, the
possibility of paying a great portion of the debt
in greenbacks, the contingency of a vast ex-
pansion of the currency, the want of a perma-
nent and solid policy, have made capitalists
undervalue our bonds, and kept them appa-
rently far below their real position. In the
ininds of many, especially foreign capitalists,
our Government is yet an experiment that
may explode in failure at any moment. Its
strength, solidity, and permanency are not, es-
tablished. To them another war, another debt,
another draft, another political earthquake is
possible. Time, with a firm and honest course,
can alone restore confidence.
Another expedient resorted to for temporary
lelief by the clamoious advocates of specie
.payment is that of authorizing contracts to be
made payable in gold. Tlii«, it is alleged, will
draw out the hoarded gold now hid away in
mysterious and unfathomable recesses, will
make it a currency, and of course bring down
its value, for it can only become a currency by
coming on a level with paper. How such a
measure can be effectual in diminishing the
price of gold is beyond ordinary comprehen-
sion. How an increase of the demand for
gold, more than doubled, is to out down its
price has not yet been pointed out by the
friends of this measure. . The passage ol such
a lav/ would be probably followed by the mak-
ing of contracts payable in specie to a large
amount. We can safely expect that at, the
end of twelve months a larger amount will he
due on private contracts than is due by the
Government. Where would the price of gold
go if, in addition to the $120,000,000 that must,
come every year for interest, $1300.000,000
more must- be piocured and paid by individ-
uals? To say that it would go up fifty per cent.,
considering its scarcity, would not be unrea-
sonable.
It may be safely expected that the passage
of such a law would find every debtoi forced
to an extension under the penalty of renewing
his contract payable in gold ■ and our mer-
chants who purchased of importers foreign
goods could only do so upon the promise of
their payment, in gold. Indeed, experience
has shown that wherever the law authorized
contracts giving advantage to creditors, the
advantage ground was immediately taken aud
never relinquished until its repeal or the
bankruptcy of the debtors ensued. The war
between debtor and creditor began many thou-
sand years ago, and this is not the occasion to
repeat the old story of a struggle which will be
continued till thegoldeu rule shall become the
fixed standard of human conduct and a coin-
age purer and brighter than that of the mint
shall pass current among men and nations.
But some one may say, "Yon are pleading in
behalf of debtors who have failed to meet their
obligations, and who deserve no sympathy or
help." To such a one 1 answer, government
was not organized, nor is society held together
for the protection of the rich and strong lo
shield the weak from oppression, to rescue the
improvident from the avaricious, to hold back
the grasping from the unwary, to give light to
those in darkness, to educate, to give strength,
to help the helpless help themselves are the
objects of Governments. Let him who 'says
that the debtor should go to the wall at once
remember that thewolf may beat, his own door
when help and titne may be all that stands
between him and ruin. Surely our laws have
ample provisions for the collection of debts.
Why, then, shall Government provide also for
breaking debtors up in advance of collection ?
Why step in with a measure of specie payment
which adds thirty per cent, to the amount of
all dues, and crushes down the debtor, dimin-
ishes his means of payment, lessens his re-
sources, cramps his movements, and extin-
guishes his last hope of solvency?
The provision authorizing gold contracts
could not be enforced for twelve months; finan-
cial ruin would follow in the wake of the ex-
periment., and the nation find itself further
than ever from a solvent condition. When-
ever a political economist can be found who
can prove that au excessive demand causes an
excessive supply and cheapens the article, we
may expect this plan of resumption with the
help of gold contracts to succeed, but not. till
then. Enforce gold contracts, and the legal-
tender qualities of greenback shave disappeared
in effect. Our paper circulation may be consid-
ered as retired lo the amount of that species
of currency. The most probable effect would
be to (nit under ban our whole volume of paper
money.
The project of coming back to specie pay-
ment without, increasing existing indebtedness,
by authorizing a compliance with contracts
which are payable in money to bo settled at
their present \alue in gold, at firstglance seems
plausible and fair. It would seem but reason-
able that a debt contracted when currency was
woitli but seventy-five cents to the dollar in
gold should be paid off at the same rate in
gold : t,litis, that a debt of §100 should be
paid off by seventy five dollars in gold. The
effect of this, it is urged, would be to restore
specie to circulation, though taken at a pre-
mium.
It is doubtful whether such a measure would
have the desired effect; for what, debtor who
had the paper money wherewith to pay his
debt would trouble himself to get. the gold if
it were left optional with him to do soV And
if he were compelled to purchase gold to dis-
charge his debt would not this compulsion
tend to raise the piiee of gold by increasing
tin1 demand ? Would not contracts be made
payable in gold at such a premium to a largo
amount, and the very evil attempted to be
avoided only be increased and intensified?
it would .seem that a direct effect of the making
of such contracts would be to gradually widen
the chasm between paper and specie, by making
the latter a preferred currency. Already it is
preferred for duties on imports and interest on
the public debt to the amount, of nearly three
hundred millions a year, and if to this class
is t,o be added a huge number of piivate con-
tracts, even though gold is taken at a premium,
we can look for nothing but its enhancement
in value. The true policy would seem to be
to discriminate as rarely as possible between
the two kinds of curtency, so that at last peo-
ple might not. come to prefer one to another.
But once let it enter into all private contracts
that gold is to be paid at, a premium, and en-
force it by the judgment, of our courts and exe-
cution, and the brand is fastened ineffaceably
upon the paper currency; its fate is sealed,
the day of redemption is indefinitely post-
poned, the distinction between it and specie
becomes established and interwoven into busi-
ness, and the difficulty becomes inextricable.
Had the policy been adopted of paying the
interest of the. five-twenty bonds in greenbacks,
as was proposed, we should have been long
since much nearer specie payment, than we are
at present But the preference was given to
coin, creating a constant demand for a large
amount, and we are now suffering from the
bad effects of a system which the measure we
