11 u
THE ^ (DONGRESSIOMAL QMBM
February
I met in a neighboring State an old friend of
my childhood, with whom I had uot met for fif-
teen years. He was in mantling youth, a Fed-
eral soldier from Tennessee, and, as captain
of Tennessee volunteers, led his company in
the remembered charge at Monterey, in Mexico,
where he was slightly wounded. He had beeu
an old-line Whig in politics, and on removing
further South after the war made his, martin
the public mind. His ideas were all anti-seces-
sion, oragainstitatthe interruption in 18,01, but
he afterward went into the confederate army as
colonel, and was promoted to a brigadier gen-
eralship for gallant and meritorious conduct,
was badly wounded, and, contrary to all expect-
ation of friends, recovered and was in command
©f hi? brigade under and at the surrender of
Johnston to Sherman. He was a man of about
six feet two inches in height. He said to me
that when he read or heard the terms granted
by General Sherman, having about two chews
of tobacco left, as was his wont in a thinking
wood he made them into one, and retired to
the forest, a little off from the crowd, and seat-
ing himself on the bare earth, leaning against a
sapling, he , burst into tears and sobs, which
were uncontrollable for some minutes, until his
eye rested upon his tattered garments, when he
apostrophized thus; Fool, fool that lam ; here
l have been fighting for four long years; old
and worn, fortune all gone, and in rags, against
a Government that I loved and have spilt my
blood for, and 1 live to learn that my Govern-
ment intended me no harm, and that I was
wrong;" and says he, at that moment how I
would have delighted to head ray soldiery, and
strike one blow in defense of that Government,
even if it had cost me my life; but said he,
straightening himself up to his full statue, with
bis g.ray hairs carolling to the winds, his eye
gleaming, " f?ow, that I have lived to see and
feel the vengeance and malice of Congress in
l^ieir legislation I do not regret my sacrifice, and
am only sorry X had not been able to do ten
times as much as I did. Would such a man
uow, think you, with his. convictions, fight with
us to oppress himself? Gentlemen may hug
such delusions to their bosoms, but in'my hum-
ble judgment the course we have pursued
toward this people is well calculated to estrange
them from us forever. Cruelty, malice, wrong,
and oppression have marked our legislation ever
since the war closed. In my judgment, they are
but men of like passions with ourselves, and I
tear, if an opportunity waspresented, they would
more likely seek revenge upon us for what they
regard as wrong and oppressive than fight to
perpetuate a Government which in revenge has
made unjust discriminations against an entire
section of the country.
"Time at last sets 8,11 things oven.
Andif wc do but watch the hour.
There never yet was huuian power
Which could evade, if unforgiven,
Tho patient search and vigil long
Of hiua who treasures up a wrong."
Again, my friend from Maine says in article
third:
"The election of General Grant has settled tho
financial question, ' I moan that the American peo-
ple have deliberately, solemnly, and emphatically re-
corded their decision in favor of an honest discharge
of their public obligations, and against all the forms
of evasion and delusion to temptingly set forth in
^Democratic platforms.' 'They have decided against
all forms of repudiation, open or covert, threatened
or suspected, and in favor of upholding the public
faith, and maintaining the public honor, spotless and
stainless—nay, they have gone one step further—the
question of paying the public debt, in utmost good
faith according to tho letter and spirit of the con-
tract;' is no longer to be made the subject of contro-
versy or of doubt in the American Congress."
These are brave words, and whether regarded
as mere rhetoric or fustian run very smooth,
but owe their existence alone to the fertile
imagination of my friend, who with a "whis-
tling courage, as he passes the grave-yard,"
caters to the hopes or interest of the bond-
holder, altogether unmindful of the shoals and
breakers furnished in his party by the opposi-
tion of its heaviest metal in the person of
Tiiad. Stevens of the past, and Butler and
Morn-ox of the present, together .with a ma-
jority of his entire party in the Wes-t. First,
it true that the election of General Grant
has settled the financial question? I affirm
that there is nothing spoken in human language
further from the truth, else why all these vari-
ous presentations of plans and views, contrac-
tion or expansion, resumption or postpone-
ment, presented on this floor from day to day
in long speeches, and" by the press, and from
individuals, literally crowding the mails and
wearing out members of Congress by read-
ing even the headings, "Financial problem
solved," "The safe way to resume specie pay-
ments,"- "The dangers of resumption too
soon," &c., until the question has become.stale
and common-place, and overwhelmed; with
"confusion worse confonnded." Who dare
hope to shed any new light on this subject?
Who can know what this Congress will do ?
Mr. Chairman, in my judgment no manner
or amount of legislation by this Congress can
settle this question. Underlying it all in flaming
letters of fact, high above all theory and specu-
lation, we see the word bankrupt as the hand-
writing on the wall. Nations like individuals
overtrade themselves and become involved to
that extent that they sometimes find it neces-
sary to go into settlement by the sacrifice of
the very capital on which they operate. When
an individual or corporation owes more than
they can pay, with an income insufficient to pay
even the interest on the debt, and are guilty
of the folly of trying to retire one third of the
assets from liability as a thing too sacred to
pay an honest debt, we naturally make our mark
on him or them, "doomed," and pass to wait
the "denouement." Our Government owes
more in ray judgment than she can pay, and the
party in power deliberately propose to remove
one third of her assets and tax the two third's
left to pay that which all will not pay. This is
financiering truly with a vengeance. Men may
talk of resumption of specie payments until
" Gabriel snaps the resurrection gun," in the
language of my immortal friend from Tennessee,
[Mr. Mullins ;] but who can fail to see and
know that resumption, either now, in 1871, or
at any future time, is one of the impossibilities
for this Government to do without a repudia-
tion of the whole or a part of the debt, or im-
mediate legislation to tax every species of prop-
erty without reference to "letter or spirit" of
the contract. In my judgment the great brain
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] comprehended this philosophical fact
when he essayed to show the beauties, consist-
ency, and policy of an irredeemable currency.
Mr. Chairman, the time has come when, in
my judgment, men may and ought to speak
their convictions plainly. The present bonded
debt of the United States on the 1st of Decem-
ber, 1868, was §2,589,031,844 14.
The just claims of citizens and corporations
now held in the hands of various claim agents
or before the Departments or Congress, together
with those yet to come in, superadded to the
amount (already repudiated by Congress) for
property taken by the Government without
compensation, I have heard estimated at half
that amount, making the enormous sum that
we owe $3,808,547,766 21.
Who is so hopeful as to believe that this vast
debt will ever be paid while the proofs show
that with all our vast resources and heavy tax-
ation in the last three years and since the war
our public debt has increased rather than
diminished. Men must look at these facts
squarely in the face. Finance heroics will not
pay this debt. Party stilting nor political pir-
ouetting will not cancel it. . -
Debt witho ut interest, after deducting coin and cur-
rency on hand, is §2,539,031,844 14
One half  1,2139,515,922 07
8,547,766 21
The party in power have claimed it as a
specialty in their platform that all debts, pub-
lic and private, must be paid. .The Demo-
cratic party, too, advocate this doctrine. You
cannot justly repudiate any part of this debt
without repudiating the whole. Correlatively,
if you pay part you should pay the whole.
■ I am aware, Mr. Chairman, that I shall be
called a repudiator. I care not for that. Iam
a repudiator. as the man who is not able to pay
is a repudiator, and I do not believe in pre-
ferring creditors, and .paying some in gold and
others in promises, while repudiating other
elaims equally just., All or none is my motto.
When gentlemen of the Republican party
amuse themselves and the House by epithet
and denunciation of those who do not see as
they do the sacredness of some portions of our
public debt, they forget the fact that our fathers,
who were thought to be fully as respectable as
we, once repudiated their debt by allowing the
continental money to drop on the hands of the
very men who fought the battles of the revo-
lutionary war in the struggle for liberty, and
I- have yet to find a man bold enough to de-
nounce them for want of patriotism. Verily,
verily, "the times change and we change with
them," We have an example of more recent
date for our edification and instruction, and
when the gentleman from Maine talks so elo-
quently of the "good faith according to the
letter and spirit" of paying our bondholders,
does he fail to remember that he himself has
set us an example of repudiation? He was in
the Congress who, recognizing that article in
the Constitution which says "private property
shall uot be taken for public purposes without
compensation," passed a law to compensate
loyal owners of slaves the sum of $300 each
for slaves enlisted in the service of the United
States Army. This upon its face even was
partial repudiation, for while it admitted the
justice of the debt, forced the owner to take
twenty-five cents on the dollar of what they
acknowledged to be a just debt.
Bui ray friend and his party were determined
not to content themselves or us with only par-
tial repudiation, in thus unjustly withholding
from us what was clearly recognized as due
us; but after appointing commissioners at heavy
expense to the Government, they, in 1866, on
this very floor—through a member now in my
eye—introduced and passed a bill repealing
this law, thus repudiating the whole debt and
repudiating both the debt and themselves.
When it is remembered that the Congress
refused to admit the southern States back into
the Union without a condition-precedent that
they too should repudiate their whole confed-
erate debt, speculation will indulge the perti-
nent inquiry, why was this? And maliciously
inclined persons may suspect that these men
intended to make others by force do the very
wickedness as now characterized by them that
they contemplated npon loyal citizens.
They go yet further to indicate what kind
of debt they would discriminate in the payment
of, and to show their profound contempt for
the people, who might at some future day, when
passion and prejudice had subsided and a
returning sense of justice would possess the
minds of men everywhere, that they, the peo-
ple, would send Representatives to Congress
who might regard this debt as one of honor and
law, they caused to be enacted "a constitu-
tional amendment, which says: -
"But neither the United States nor any State shall
assume or pay .any debt or obligation incurred in or
for insurrection or rebellion against the United
States, or any claim for the loss or emancipation of
any slaves, but all such debts, obligations, or elaims
shall be held illegal and void."
Thus forever putting it beyond the power
of the people by a majority of their Represent-
atives, if desired, to repeal their unjust legisla-
tion, but to repeal which would require another
amendment to be ratified by the Legislatures
of three fourths of the States of the Union.
Again, General Bctler said on July 14 of
last'year on this floor, upon the subject of
taxing bonds:
" If, then, you expect that farmer to vote for any
man or party that retains asystem of taxation which
works such results, you expect what never has hap-
pened and what never ought to happen in any civ-
Uizcd land.
"If you do not give relief by law the people will
relieve themselves without you. You may cry out
gbod faith till you are hoarse, you will be answered
there is no gopd faith which wotks injustice to a
