244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
i
followed with her golden light, and Spring
came with her violets and green, and Autumn
came with her grapes and ripe corn. And
after this, Man came with his immortal soul;
then trod came with his blessing on all. So
began life on earth;
So shall onr nation be lifted from the bitter
ocean of civil war, so shall the mighty up-
heaval progress. Slowly as the approach of a
continent to the sun our national credit Is ris-
ing, solid as the mountains, enduring as the
plains; its coast defying the waters of treason ;
its eternal rocks bearing up a happy people.
Slowly and grandly rising, the whole nation
comes up together, a unit in credit as it is a
unit in power.
RECOGNITION OF CRETE.
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Chairman, on the 7th
of last month, immediately upon the reassem-
bling of the llouse at this session, I had the
honor to introduce the following preamble and
joint resolution, which it is my purpose to-day
to maintain:
Whereas the American people have on many oc-
casions expressod on_d at all times fo^l a sympathy
with the progress ofliberty andChristiancivilization
among thopeopleof thelSast; and whereas tbopeoplo
of Crete have successfully sustained their independ-
ence,having organized nnd maintained aprovisional
government, which, encouraged by and consequent
upon the support given to the cause of Crete by tho
American people, has ncorcdited a diplomatic agent
in tho United States: Therefore,
_ Be it resolved bi/the Smateand Tfoune nf Representa-
tives of tile United Stales of A mcrica in CungrcHfi rtftxem-
b/ed. That it is tho duty of the (Government of tho
United States to acknowledge tho existence of the
provisional government of Crete as an independent
political State, and to treat with it as such,
I do not rise to defend the provisional gov-
ernmentof Crete, but to vindicate its eauseand
demand its rights.
Mr. Chairman, in ventnriogto nr/re upon this
House the formal recognition of tile provisional
Christiangovpvnment of Creteas an independ-
ent political State i deiiveeneouragement from
the respectful manner in which the memorial
of the Cretan Government addressed last year
to the Speaker of this House, and to the
President of the Senate, lias been received
by this and the other branch of the Legisla-
ture,, and ordered by unanimous consent to be
published in the Globe and to be referred to
the respective Committees on Foreign Rela-
tions. The application of the provisional gov-
ernment ot Crete having thus become a matter
of legislative deliberation on the part of the
American Congress, that Government was
taught to look forward hopefully to this Re-
public fur the recognition of its independence,
inasmuch as by our acceptance of its memorial
we admitted the fact that it had the right to
address us as the provisional government of
Crete, our liberality in this respect presenting
a characteristic contrast to the narrow spirit
evinced by the late English Conservative admin-
istration, which declined to accept a communi-
cation from the provisional government of Crete
in the fear ot thereby impairing its good rela-
tions with the pretenders to the Cretans' coun-
try. I use this expression "pretender" ad-
visedly, because the Cretans having, together
with Greece, won their independence in" 18:27.
enjoved it for three long years as l'nlly as did
the Hellenic kingdom.
In 1830 England, i.n connivance with other
Powers, committed the wrong of bartering Crete
to Egypt, by whom it was afterward sold'to the
Moslem, the Cretan people protesting all the
time against this violation of their national
rights and the usurpation of an alien anti-
phnstian race whose domination they had term-
inated in IKi? by force of arms. Not only the
Cretans but eminent statesmen, Lord Palmer-
Ston among the number, protested against the
iisurpation ot Egyptian and Ottoman power in
Crete. Nav, more; when the throne of Greece
was offered to Leopold, ot 13elgium, this wise
and moderate prince declined accepliii" it un-
less Crete should be restored to her national
independence as part of Grecce, thus confirm-
ing my assertion tintt the Moslems who were
permitted to usurp power over the Cretans can
only be regarded in the light of ''pretenders,"
and that the provisional Cretan Christian gov-
ernment is the only lawful government of that
island, and as such entitled to the recognition
of the United States.
I derive fuither encouragement in urging this
measure upon the attention of the House from
the unanimous spirit in which resolutions in be-
half of the Cretans have been at various times
adopted, not only separately in this, but also
conjointly with the other branch of Congress,
and from the firm tone of conviction in which
this same act of international justice has been
urged upon you by the Legislature of the State
of Maine and by many influential organs of
public opinion, as well as by eminent citizens
of the United States.
It lias been stated that Crete is not worthy
our attention because it is small. I do not for
one moment suppose that you will make the
application of justice contingent upon the size
of the State that solicits it. Crete was, as a part
of the ancient Hellenic government, and again
from 1827 to 1830, as solid a part of Greece as
Rhode Island and Delaware are parts of the
United States. Would you allow the rights
of Rhode Island and Delaware to be trampled
upon because they are small States? And yet
Crete is larger than both of these States, and
in fact the largest and once the most populous
and commercial island of the Mediterranean,
with a population reduced now by Tuikisu mas-
sacres and oppiessions to half a million, but
capable under the auspices of national inde-
pendence to swell up to several millions, as
it was anciently. If, however, there is any-
thing in this arithmetical argument it militates
in favor of protection and recognition. The
smaller a State the more it is exposed to the
designs of its more powerful enemies and the
more it needs the solicitude of the friends of
liberty.
Next, it is stated that because we opposed
the recognition of the slave confederacy and
the Mexican empire we thereby debar our-
selves from recognizing the Cretan provisional
government, as if recognition in the interest of
liberty was not as much an international duty
on the part of the American Republic as rec-
ognition in the interest of slavery is an inter-
national crime. Is it so soon lorgotten that
the late American contest was to disrupt the
unity of this great free Government in the
interest of slavery and oppression, while the
present war in Crete is to restore an ancient
union and liberty borne down again and again
by the oppressors with whom they now con-
tend ! Nay, it is ignored that the Powers that
upheld the slaveholder's rebellion in the South
and the imperialistic usurpation in Mexico are
the same to uphold the bondage of the Cretans
and the Moslem usurpation. They are the same
who now wish to expunge America from the rank
of Christian nations, by making you believe
that they, and they alone—they who conspired
against our own and our sister republic, are the
anoiutedguardiansof Christendom,and that we,
the American people, who act out the truth
of Christianity, in our humane and mankind-
elevating institutions on a more comprehensive
scale than all the monarchies of the world
together—must, not throw our international in-
fluence in the scale of Cretan independence.
For observe that the so-called great Powers
interfere in the Orient not so much as European
but as Christian Powers. For us to withhold
our recognition from the Cretans would be to
admit that Christianity is monopolizad by the
despots of Europe and Asia, and that we have
no share in its protection.
As a Representative of the American people,
humbly as I may feel as an individual, I here
denounce this presumption of European and
Asiatic monarchs to arrogate to themselves the
sole right of protection of the Christians in the
Bast, nor can they ask us to respect the treaties
which they make among themselves without
our consent or that of those they thus enslave.
Bear in mind that, whatever may be said of
our traditional policy in regard to our non-
intervention in the affairs of foreign nations, it
has no reference whatever to the Orient, which
is as hallowed to us as it is to monarchs by its
high sacred and secular associations, and which
consequently occupies an exceptional ground,
where our influence as the greatest Christian
Republic on earth should be paramount over
that of all the so-called Christian monarchies.
Yet I know that whenever we are anxious to
recognize a European State in the interest of
liberty these monarchists taunt us with what
they are pleased to call our Monroe doctrine,
and some of our own people indorse the fallacy.
No greater fallacy than this ever existed. Onr
Monroe doctrine, or, properly speaking, our
doctrine of non-intervention on American soil,
is not well understood. Our Monroe doctrine
impels us to prevent the establishment of alien
monarchies on the American continent; this
and no more. If we were to exert ourselves in
favor of the establishment by force of 'Ameri-
can republics on the European continent, then,
and only then, would we be amenable to the
censure of attempting to do in Europe what we
deprecate in America. But whenever any peo-
ple of their own will create, alter, or change
their Government untrammeled or controlled
by outside selfish influences it becomes the
duty of all nations to recognize its independ-
ence. This great privilege of every people we
declare to be a fundamental right, and we must
not ourselves violate it. It is immateiial on
which continent the people reside, whether it
be a new government or the gathering of the
fragment^ of one rent by internal or external
troubles. And though it might be said that
our republican action is conducive to the pro-
gress of mankind, while monarchical influence
in America is detrimental to it, I will not pur-
sue this line of argument on the present occa-
sion, to which it does not apply, but content
myself with dismissing the Monroe doctrine fal-
lacy in the conclusive manner in which I have
disposed of it. It was not contrary to the Mon-
roe doctrine for European Powers to recognize
the GovernmeiitsofSouthand Central America.
Why should we not have the same right of
recogmzingprovisionalgovernments in Europe
which they have in recognizing provisional
governments in America?
I contend that the provisional government
of Crete is more firmly rooted in the affections
of the Cretan people than is the case with other
provisional governments recently recognized
by the American Government. I contend
that they are more fullj in possession of their
country than were the American Colonies of
theirs when they were recognized by Holland.
The provisional government of Crete, in 1866,
divided the island into twenty-four districts,
each district reporting through a committee to
the central government, which is elected by
the general national assembly, which in its
turn is elected by the people. Crete is to-day
a republic. The Turks hold only a few forts
and block-houses, from which theycannot, sally
forth in array of battle, and in which they are
virtually prisoners. Omer Pasha, the Turkish
Haynau, an Austrian by birth and a Moslem by
conversion, was sent to Crete to destroy the
provisional government. His prowess consisted
in outraging women and massacring defense-
less old men and children, and he returned to
his master acknowledging that he who was sent
to defeat was himselt defeated, at a loss to
Turkey of fifty thousand men and 100,000,000/.
Then the Moslem usurper, in his despair, sent
the greatest man of his council, namely, Ali
Pasha, the grand vizier, to reconcile the Cretans
to Moslem usurpation. This personage was
shut up for many months in a little fortress in
Crete, trembling for his own life, and eventually
returned, telling his master that the Cretans
were afflicted by the Hellenic infirmity of a
spirit of nationality and independence.
After the ignominious defeat of the butcher
Omer and the diplomat Ali Pasha, the Cre-
tans h<*d every reason to hope that usurpation
would relax in its grasp, but since all means
of warfare and diplomacy had failed to rec-
oncile Crete, massacres were perpetrated the
cruelty of which is without parallel even in
the annals of the Apaches. Since the uphold-
