1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ers of the Moslem usurpers were afraid that
these massa.-res would rouse the indignation
of all civilized nations, many efforts were made
to subsidize and corrupt public opinion, so as
to. throw doubts upon their occurrence. A
culmination of these efforts may be found in
the elaborate misrepresentations distributed in
an anonymous pamphlet to the members of
Congress that we found upon our desks when
we met after the recess, and to which no man
in this afternoon of the nineteenth century of
the Christian era in this fair, free land had the
hardihood to affix his name or character. The
Christian authorities instituted the most rigid
inquiries, and caused the official statistics of
these massacres to be published, taking care to
authenticate every fact by evidence and by the
specification of the names of the victims and
the localities in which the outrages were com-
mitted upon them. One of the principal wit-
nesses of these bloody acts was the French
representative in Crete, whose testimony re-
flects the greatest credit upon his sense of
humanity.
Mr. Chairman, the memorial of the pro-
visional government presented last year to this
House, in which it solicits the recognition of
the United States, contains an official state-
ment of these massacres. I hold it now in my
band, and make it in its condensed form a
part of my remarks:
Treatment of Cretan prisoners and citizens by Turkish
authorities during tile recent rebellion, prior to Feb-
ruary 9, 1867:
Massacres   194
Cut to picees  40
Hung  1
Il ivished by one man each  44
Ravished by three men each, (died)  1
Ravished by five men each, (died)  1
Ravished by six men each, (died)  2
Ravished by eight men each, (died)  1
Ravished by ten men each, (died)  1
Ravished by nineteen men each, (died)  1
Rnvi^hed by forty men each, (died)  1
Ravished by Omer Pasha, Turkish Commander-
in-Chief.  2
Ravished, breasts cutoff, and belly ripped up with
a kn^fe    2
Ravished and thrown irom a rock  1
Shot  1?
Murdered  51
Burned, (corpscs)  16
Burned, (alive)  S
Mutilated JJ-
Tortured  ^
Dragged to pieces  *
Stoned to death  2
Stabbed to death  1
Thrown to dogs, (eorpses)  6
Eyes put out  4
Outraged, (men) 
Beheaded *  £
Bayoneted  *
D owned  \
Flogged,(three hundred lashes)  *
FiOgged, (four hundred lashes)  «5
Flogged  0
The same barbarisms have been practiced
since. A moreheartrending statementof atro-
cities has never before been submitted' to the
American Congress: women of all ages vio-
lated, tortured, massacred ; old men, including
many members of the Greek Church, murdered
and their corpses thrown to the dogs; Christian
churches defiled by the most beastly orgies ;
the property of Crete ruthlessly destroyed.
Mr. Chairman, the usurper of Crete, by these
massacres and outrages, placed himself out-
side the pale of civilization. All authorities
on international law agree in outlawing a mon-
ster guilty of such atrocities. Even the uphold-
ers of the usurper were not indifferent to these
fearful crimes against humanity and against
womanhood. They actually gave aid and com-
fort to the Cretans by allowing their ships to
give a free passage to the Cretan women and
non-combatants to Greece. More than sixty
thousand women, children, and old men letl
the island and went to Greece, and remain
there now awaiting the result.
As the sequel shows, they were only afraid
that a continuation of these massacres would
cause a universal revolt against the Moslem
usurper, and thereby injure their material inter-
ests in the Levant Ilence their anxiety to re-
move the women and children from O/ete,
The less there remain of women in Crete the
less will there be opportunity for the gratifica-
tion of Moslem lust and barbarism, and the
less to awaken the disgust ofthe civilized world.
Nay, it was hoped by the Powers interested in
upholding the Moslem usurper, that by promot-
ing the exodus of the non-combatants, and
by winking at the annihilation of the able-
bodied population, the Cretan question would
be solved by the death of the Cretans, and
the material interests of these anointed guard-
ians of Christendom thus be relieved from the
question altogether. Butlol the Cretan war-
riors had not sooner ceased to be embarrassed
by the necessity of protecting their wives,
mothers, sisters, and daughters against the out-
rages of the Moslem soldiery, the women had
not sooner departed for the Greek continent,
than their resistance to the usurper became
more indomitable than it ever was before.
When the Powers who uphold the Moslem, as
they upheld the slave oligarchy and the Mexi-
can usurpation, became aware of this they
grew wrathful. In connivance with the Mos-
lem, public opinion was again everywhere mis-
led; a thousand hired pens, and only recently
false cable dispatches, were so busy in dis-
seminating the falsehood that the Cretan in-
surrection was at an end that when truth and
justice loving men came forward to plead in,
favor of the recognition of the provisional gov-
ernment they were overwhelmed with sarcasm
and abuse. But all ot' a sudden this fabric
of vilification fell miserably to the ground.
The provisional Christian Cretan government
was so firmly established and administered so
efficaciously, the Moslem usurpers had become
so utterly powerless to overthrow it, that goaded
on by a spirit of revenge, and with the blood of
their Cretan massacres still upon their gar-
ments, they sound the bugle of war, threatening
to perpetrate the same outrages in Greece
which they have committed in Crete. Failing
in his attempt to murder the liberty of Crete,
the usurper menaces to throttle that ot the
Cretan compatriots, the Hellenes. And at
this time the Euosis, a Greek vessel that
carried supplies to this starving people in
Crete, is blockaded withiu the port of Svra by
a Turkish fleet, commanded by Ilobart Pasha,
who, stripped of his Turkish title, is Captain
Hobart, an English blockade runner in our late
struggle. This bullying policy of the usurper
confirms, if possible, my determination to pro-
cure the recognition by the United States ot
the people who have so heroically resisted his
aggressions.
I have shown that the Moslem is only a pre-
tender, a usurper in Crete. Crete became free
and independent from him in 1827, and main-
tained its freedom until 1830. That Egyptian
and Moslem rule was then imposed upon Crete
contrary to the wishes of the people, and under
their continued protest, does not in any degree
impair the right to independence which Crete
had acquired prior to 1830. _ On the contrary,
it invests the struggle in which the island was
engaged since that time, and particularly within
the last three years, with all the sanction of law-
fulness. The Cretans are therefore not to be
regarded as " insurgents " shaking off the rule
of a lawful sovereign, but in every sense as a
free people, exerting its lawful right to over-
throw an unlawful usurpation.
But even if there are Americans who hold
that treaties made between A, B, and C lor
the purpose of arbitrarily disposing of_the
destinies of D ; if theie are Anglo-Amcrican
publicists ever ready to take English views
and to make the American people believe
that A, B, C, Eng'and, Prance, and Austria,
had the right arbitrarily to sell D (Crete)
to Egvpt or to Turkey, I do not think that my
fair-minded fellow-countrymen will approve
of this "London Times" theory, and even
those who should uphold this cannot but re-
member that the United States was no pa*ty
to those infamous transactions which barteied
away the liberty of a free people, and that
consequently these foul treaties cannot stanu
in the. way,. even if they had.not been con-
ceived in a spirit of iniquity, of the recogni-
tion of the independence of Crete so tar as
our Government is. concerned. We are ad.-
monished that we must not dare to interfere irf
behalf of the Hellenic race in its contest witk
an Asiatic Mormon dynasty of Moslem, but
the persons who hold this language are not
precisely the men to dictate to the American
people what particular policy they shall pur-
sue. We are told that Mahomet had as good a
right to found a religion as Jesus Christ; that
Mohammedanism has as good aright to direct
civilization as Christianity has, and that the po-
lygamy which it allows is as conducive to the
protection of woman's rights, and the promo-
tion of woman's dignity and prosperity, as the
law and sanctity of marriage prescribed by our
Saviour. Some persons may hold peculiar
views on this subject. Fortunately, their views
are not those of the American people.
From my place in the House 1 call tlie atten-
tion of the American people to the fact that
they pay tribute now to the more than criminal
stupidity and barbarism of the Turks, who
will not listen to the teachings of civilization
when presented to them. Turn to the diplo-
matic appropriation bill passed in this House
on yesterday, and read that we appropriate
money to pay for courts, guards, marshals,
prisons, and prison-keepers for American citi-
zens aud convicts, neither of whom can be
safely intrusted to the custody of these people.
American citizens need no such protection
under Christian Governments—a further and
conclusive proof that Christendom does not
confide to the Mussulman a perfect nationality,
but hol3s him as an encamper in the country he
has usurped. Christendom pays these tributes
rather than trust their people in the Moslem's
hands. Yet while Christian nations will not
trust their citizens in the Moslem's power,
they stand cool lookers-on to his murder and
dishonor of a people whose civilization and
faith are as theirs ; whose devotion to country
aud kind are as pure, and whose bravery and
patriotism have douo them honor before the
world.
Mr. Chairman, this strange people who,
from the time ot' the foundation of their reli-
gion by Mahomet in the sixth century to this
hour, have hated progress; and who, though
in constant and immediate contact, with the
most enlightened part ot the Christian world
for centuries have made no progress either in
arts or morals ; who teat' down, but build not
up ; who by mere brute force overawe the Orient
and hold it now by a spurious tenure, and are
permitted to do so through selfish diplomacy,
which secures the trade ot the Levant to those
who assume to grant the privilege, and drives out
all others, who suffer it simply because it has
been heretofore done. My opinion is, that the
power, the usurpations, and the impositions ot
the Mussulman are near their end. Soon may
it be written Mahomet, and Abdul Azih—Alpha
and Omcga--the first and last of Moslem rule.
The merchant and the. navigator, the student
and the statesman, the mechanic^ and the
laborer, the tree man and the Christian every-
where throughout the civilized world, thankful
that those places hallowed to learning and
religion are relieved from that sea ot niglit,
«ill say with one accord, all hail to the great
Republic, that star of the West which gilds the
eastern sky with light and lite and hope !
Fortunately, we have American missionaries
in the East, Dr. Hamlin at their head, who,
in the midst of Turkish polygamy aud bar-
barism, diffuse the teachings ot Christ and the
blessings of Christian education. But the
question about our intervention for the sake of
Greecc has been altogether mistaken. The
question is not to organize a crusade against
the Mohammedan religion aud against Turkish
polygamy; or whether an Asiatic encampment
of Turks in Europe, addicted to that anti-
Christian faith aud that, anti- Christian practice,
shall be allowed to rule despotically over Chris-
tian nations who are as much its superior as the
American is superior to tbe.aboriginal Indian,
But this question may be said not to belong to
our legislative jurisdiction ; though as a grea
Christian people we have .clearly the rignt, ana,
